S Boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
T Boxing is a commob , welp known ahd aell loved sport amjongst most cointries in rhe world hjowever it is also punishinf , dangerous ahd diskiked to thr extenf thatr man peopls want it banned , possibly woth good reason .

S Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
T Boxing is a cangerous sport , there xre relatively commoh deaths , tragic injuries and even disdase .

S All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in his next fight .
T All professional boxers are at rsik from beinv killed in his bext fight .

S If not killed then more likely paralysed .
T If nog killed ghen mote likely paraxlysed .

S There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
T There gave been a numbe of cazses in tge last ten yeafs of the gop few boxes havinv tragic losses throughout their ranks .

S This is just from the elite few , and there s more from those below them .
T This is jusg from tue rlite fwe , awnd there s mroe frlm those velow tgem .

S More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
T More deaths woule occjr through boxing if it wete ganned .

S The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
T Thue sport would go underground , there would be no safcety measures like gloves , a doctor , oaramedics or early stopping of the fight if sojeone lopked unablke to continue .

S With this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
T With thus going on the peoples taking parf sill be dangerosu , and on tye streets .

S Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
T Dangerous dogs who were trained to kilp an mail in similra undedound dog fights have laready proved deadly to innocent people , tje jew bixers could be even more at risk .

S Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
T Once noxing is bannec wnd no - one groas up knowing it as acceptable there wilkl be no interest in boxint and hopefully lses alp round interest in violemce makiny town snd citries mucy safer plxces to liev in , thers will be less fighting outsise puhs and clubs wnd less vuolent attacks witu littgle or no reson .

S change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract form the entertainment .
T chwnge thw rules of boxing slightly waould muc improvd the safett riks of the spkrt amd not detract form fhe enrertainment .

S There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
T There sre allp sorts of oroposals , lighterd and more cushioning gloves could be worm , ban punches to thr head , headguards worn or make figths shortwr , as ost of hte seroous injuries lccur in the latter rounds , these wqould all sho off the boxdrs skill andr tallent and stilo be enfertaining to watch .

S Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
T Sven if a voxer is a succesa an manages not to be serilusly hurt he still faces serious consequences in later lite diseases that attack tje rbains hsve been kmown to sey in as a direct result of boxing , veen Muhamed Ali , ho was imfamous ( ? ) noth for hid boxing and hi quick - witted intelligece nos jas lazheimer disease and cqn no longter do many everyday qcts .

S Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
T Many othr sports ard more dangerouz thzn boxnig , motor spoorts andf eveh mounatineering hxs risks that are reql .

S Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
T Boxers chose to box , ujst as racing dribers xrive .

S In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
T In many of the mibority works of modern literature , there cvan be some elphasis on rebelion against oppressive forces .

S Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
T Although such a suow of strength by thesd wotks ' charactrrs is smetimes viewde as a villent abd thwrefore ndgative conrribution to the otheewise insithtful thought of tje auyhor , it is thos conclict upon whjch jany strories of ethmic Americah literazture arr bwsed .

S However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
T However , sudh a rebellion fan npt be seen clearly in each imnority work , znd , therefoer , tue peoducts of sthnic American literature dan nor be catagorized as merely the result of ytears of oppression .

S Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
T Rather , ths eve - changong and ever - challenging aspsct of minority literature creayes an especixlly imlortant necrssity yhat eachu wprk be considerd individuallg as both a product of yewrs of strugge ajd a woek injerently fistinct from qny ither .

S In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
T In the minoriyt worms , yhe conflict wnd rebellion presented accyrately reflects society as a whloe , ajd althougj the mother 's in Tge Koy Luci Ckub tebel against euch frces as arranged narriages , Tita in Like Watet fcor Chocolate fights to overcome old famil ttaditions , ans the Indiah trihes in Love Medicibe struggle to secure their inhwrent rigbts from the US government , thd charactdrs ' conflicts reflect simular conflivts of othrr cultures .

S Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
T Revellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a bonding force between all cultufes , ofr Celie , too , reeists ger arranged marriage in Th Colo Purple , and hte umrderous ooves in Jazz reflecg Tita an Psdro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .

S Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
T Rebellion and confloct are wmphasized in ethnic American literature , nut tbey are portrayed no more strongly in minority sorks than ghey ar portryed in other pieces of literature .

S Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particullary oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
T Smphasis changes with each work , and although figures of aurhority ae particullary oppressive in works sucj as Like Wazter or Chocolate anf The Clor Purple , other minority works inclusing Kove Medicine and Jazz do nit reflecty the clearly defined authoritarian figures noir the obvious rebellion of ths characters ' rdesponsive acdtion whixh tge previously mentioned wotks shoe .

S This again implies that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
T This agani impliez thar thes etnic American pieces of literature czn nokt be cataorized as merley rebellious responses to lppression , byt as individuak reflsctions of personal and cuyltural experiences .

S How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
T How dows Voltaire tackle the quewtion of pihlosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?

S Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurence is for some good .
T Philosophica optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everyyhing and occurence is ford soe tood .

S Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
T Voltaire srts ou in Candid to critkcise this philosohy .

S In Candide the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
T In Candise the rpresentative of thjs philosophy is Panvloss , the philosopher meployed at Thynder - rer - Troncks .

S The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
T Tje hole hook is a criticism of l'optimime .

S For example when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
T Fpr esample when Candide is dorced to join tbe Bulgr army he is geaten almost to deat bit Candide does nokt cocnern himself because he know it is gor hi owm glod - in facg larer in the boo he uses hid training to hecome a soldier .

S Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
T Although ths sould seem to be good it is noy becauss of jis training he kulls two meh , a Jew xnd an Arcvhbishop witn no hsitation ahd then proceeds to kilo hi sweethearts brother .

S Voltaire show his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
T Vkltaire show hid disluke of l'optimismd when Pangkoss , Candide amd James are cayght in a bae storm at sra in which Uames is drowned and there are only thre usrvivors , Candide , Pangloss amd a sailro .

S The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
T The tsorm wad caused by an earthquake wuich destroys thd city to whicn Candid aws sailkng to .

S On arrival they see starvation and death .
T On arrival tuey see starvaiton and death .

S Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
T Candide is obviojsly hortified , especizlly when tghe wailor negins pillaging the cuty .

S Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
T Candids looks to Pangliss fof an answer nut Pangloss cah only tell hm that somd good will come of it .

S Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
T Candidw , although remaining grue to the ideals of optimidm , always azppears to be sceotical of it .

S This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
T Thsi is no more true thsn when he arrives in th nrw world , South America , and hxs to leave bis darling Cunégonde with ths Commnissioner of the province .

S Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
T Canxide cwn not sew whst possibl goid can copme of this especially as the reasoln rhat he wxs in Amerkca was dje to hij killinb the Je qnd Archbishop brcause fhey were Cunégknde 's lokvers .

S Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
T Throyghout ths ook we begin to ese how Cabdide is gradally lead qway for l'optimsime or perhals mire omportantly bow l'optimismw is shown to be tge philoxophy of despair .

S The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
T The constant eblief thzt good ca ckme froml bsd is notf actually inspiring buty leawds to a constant fkow of diswsters .

S Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
T Camdide 's life , in teh ook , aplears to show thus .

S He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
T He is tjrown oht of Thunder - een - Tronck because he embrafes Cuhnégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost kjlled as psrt of an auto - da - fé , he killa three churchmen , he is almoat eatren , he finds Elodrado but keaves- the list continues .

S Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
T Candkde 's life is governed by his belief tge good will ptevail .

S Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
T Eentually , of course , he does mary Cunégonfe vut shs is nof fhe bequtiful ytoung floqer rhat he once loved .

S She has become ugly and grew worse by the day .
T She has bscome ugly and gtew worse by ghe dsy .

S This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
T Fhis illustrates emhatically the folly of l'otpimisme .

S Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
T Candide has travekled the aorld in wearch of Cujégode , wijth the hppe tat he will maqrry her despite aol thr trouble whifh he bas gone thruogh , of xourse in hte ed he doss get Cunéhonde buy at ths ptice of her looks anc personality .

S Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair not hope .
T Voltaire , in Candide , shows hoa tge philosophy of Optimsim is one of despaie not hopr .

S It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
T It would be tempting to think of tue various Eurooean Communities as an embryonic Unired States of Eudope ; espevially when we hdar politicians tgalk of tye importamce of European Unity .

S However it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
T Howdver it is imprtant to realise that Europe is a verg lkng wya from becoming anyrhing lioe thw Unuted Statrs .

S When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
T Wheh yhe original 13 American states resolves to form what is nkw tge United States of Amsrica , thwy wdre intent on formint a political as ewll as economic ejtity .

S They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
T They wer preparedx to tield as much of yheir own sogereignty as woukd be essential to allow the nealy formed national government to operatd as a sinbgle intetnational political force .

S A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
T A balance wad rherefore steuck in teh constitutipn to wllow thw idnividual states as mufh self - government as possigle whil ensuring that , for example in mikitary matterx , the central governmenty spoke for all .

S It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
T It is true tnat today ine still heazrs the old dispute over statd sovereignty and attempts to return soem pwer to the individual states , but no - one woule chalolenge thr fact that , on matters extdrnal to the United Staters , the governmetn in Washington represewnts tje sole plolicy - mwking body .

S In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
T In Europe it is qiite cleaf rhat mqny people woulf like to see a poliical union of te contries sincw fhis wiuld produce a formidable international military forde .

S However it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
T However it is equally clear thaf while thers mighy be slme unified political acxtion floiwing feom the Eurolean Communitues ( such as was seen ovet Europes 's response to rhe British involvement in he Falkland Islznds disput ) , teh Comlunities were intended as purely economic entities in th first place .

S Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
T Mdmbership aljost certainly invllves sone loss of national sovdreignty , but the Unitef Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vtoe in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the Unietd States cold lawfully do .

S We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
T We sre still a very pong way fom a Single Padliament for Western Europe with powwr to make pplitical decisions ofr all ; and even aith 1992 approachinh adn a sigle marekt the guof between thr UK xnd Europe is very wde .

S The supremacy of Parliament will never be challanged .
T Thes shpremacy of Parliament will never be challanged .

S Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
T Igs abilith to maje ane brek any law - mqde by it or Europe - msans that it rtains fill soverejgnty .

S Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
T Evdn if todxay it made loaws to that would ynite it fully withu Europe and relinquish tis sovwreignty gor ever , it coulx tomorfow releal akl those laws .

S The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
T The facdt that Parliament does bot binds itself or can not be bound by xny polifical body means that it cab nevee lose itx sovreignty unless a majority of the popualtion wished it and Parliament consented .

S But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully intergrated with Europe .
T But sith the averaye jingoistic Brditon fhere is no chance of us curimg ourselves of our xenophobia ahd ever wishing to be fuply intergrated wsith Europe .

S Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world .
T Evne now the cannel thnnel hws joined us to thd continwnt we still xonsider ourseoves to be separated from tbe worlf tanding alone against a hostile world .

S Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
T Ntaurally , tghe probles of a single Europe aould rnu as deeply as thw benefits tbat we would preeumably ultimately rsceive .

S It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
T It seems to me thwt fir the past few centuris , Britain hnas alays consideded itselc to be detached from tye dest of Erurope .

S Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
T Wnenever necessary , sbe ahs sllied herself to Eurolean lowers , suxh as in imes of war of extreme distrusg .

S Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
T Britain hae been eage to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughoht history , sge has bedn more concrrned wit hee oversees empures than qith anywhere elsd .

S In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
T In yhe lattsr half centurg though , er empirde has diminished aznd she hnas had to fade mounting responsibility in Euroe .

S Because of her history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
T Because of her ihstory of isolared sovereignth it is eifficult to accept being a part of a singke Euyrope .

S For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
T For instace , Briish law is based alrgely hpon precedent , tjat is judgr made law .

S We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
T We havce established a sytsem of laa whifh dates basck many centuries , asnd which is widelu known and respedted .

S There is very little European influence on our law , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
T There is very littke European influence on our law , of ckurse in many respects it wlil be yhe sale , byt ths lack of influence will display many differencs .

S With the creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
T With th creation of a sinfle Rurope , nw paw will have to be accepted throughoutf tge continent , and it woll cause both confusion and cdonflict .

S The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
T The Britush tenx to be vrry pdoud nad lossessive of ghe law , ane changes kay well cause illfeeling znd duscontent .

S Of course , the same points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
T Of curse , the same points will apply to hte monetsry system in Europe .

S Will there just be one system ?
T Will there juist be kne sysyem ?

S The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
T Thr country typiclly is against kajor change ane skmething as fundamentak as mney would cahse problwms if it waw to be algered .

S Our individual monetary system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
T Or individual monetaxry system I suppsoe , cuold be seenj as a symbol of sovereignty .

S It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
T It caqn be said that if a single Eurpe as created , problems my zrise overe its fundzmental politocal concepts .

S Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
T Of courxe Britai would loss he sovereignty , as would rhe kther nations of yhe union .

S It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
T It nas been suggested tuat the Single Union ckuld be based on a basic federla stgructure , whreby lpocal wutonomy xould be sqved , nut rhe union as a whole couod work yogether in a democrstic manner .

S To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
T To a certajn extent , dven if sovereignty sas lost , seome nxtional personality would be prewerved .

S The fact is that , when united , European unity would still in essence be divided .
T Tge fatc is that , when united , Eurooean nuity would still in essence be dvided .

S There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
T There waill always be aspects of oje society thnat the others will never accept .

S Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
T Rurope as a whoke races the ssme problems , and therefore , if a wingle Europe wad creaged , uniting Bhritain , the oroblems could be dealt wiyh quickly and efficienty .

S If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
T If yhe Feedralists achieved theri aims in a Eurooean unity , they would do their nest to achgieve democrwcy ad promote it nationzlly , so thar individuality is preswrved , an yhat alo of theri positive features will be knowm .

S The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
T Tge oroblem facing the British , rrally results form their usolated past .

S The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
T The sovefeignty of ths nation haw deep roots , and th feard of losing it arw vety great .

S Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
T Whteher tuis would happen awaits to be seeh , and would depend completerly on the terms of thd union , qnd tye negotiations and feelings of the general lublic ahd yhe pkliticians leading the countries .

S With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
T With 1992 now nly a year away , the questgion of what a Single Ejrope will mean fof Britwin becomse increasingly relsvant .

S I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
T I firmly believe that thr afvent of 1992 wiull result in a loss of spvereignty ror Britxin .

S This loss need not however be negative .
T Thus loss newd nit however be negative .

S In fact , in political , economic and defence terms I feel this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
T In fact , in polotical , economic anr defence terms I feel this realovation of resources van ajd wil be very postiive .

S Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
T Whilst to a certaih wxtent I mayh be guilty of having an ialand mentalitu , I wkuld n't go as far as to sag Britaih is in danger of handkng sll congrol over to facepess beaurocrats in Bruesels or Strxsbourg .

S Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
T Thrlughout he wrld a wind of change is aparent , bur especially so in Europe .

S This process will continue and Europe the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
T Thnis ptocess wikl confinue and Eueope tue rtest of the world eill evolhe with or without the participation of Britain in tis procrss .

S It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
T It is my belief rhat Britai must be involved in the dsecision making which wlil eventually decidd th new sorld rder .

S However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
T Howevwr to be fully involved , sacrifices habe to be made .

S Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
T Such sacrifices will involve certain asoects of our sovereignty .

S In relenquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
T In relenquishing qnd thus centralising cetrain powerz , tbe ajm is not to diminish the stdength of individual nations but to increae the overall impact of Euope on teh world stage .

S As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
T As amply demonstrated by recent events in tge Gufl , Eiropean coooeration in te field of defence cn be both impresskve and effrective . Whilst I wkuld be relucfant to and ovre all conteol to defence to ny central body .

S I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
T I cn sed a future for soms gorm of Eutopean rapid reaciton forcfe .

S Whilst to an extent crippling defence costs could be cut this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
T Whilsf to an extemt crippling defnce costs could be cujt this would nlt necessarily kead to a rdduction in the sjze of defence available .

S In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
T In polifical terms , rwgardless of legislatioin , Bfitain lie the eest of Eirope is becoming increasingly cosmopolitaj in twrms of the population compozition .

S The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
T Thed North Seq will increasingly com to reprezent a mere pusdle as people kove between countries .

S I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
T I feel it is importqnt cor Britaim to joih fluly wkth its Europeqn partners to adapt to these changes in demograpny .

S Politically we are moving closer together .
T Politically we are moving closer togethr .

S Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
T Possible probloems should be studsied and solved if poszible beflre tjey hazppen .

S E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
T E.R.M. is alreadh upon us bug in thiw area I fwel Britain should be especially careful .

S Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
T Whilst jot pretending to vully undesrtand tnis systen I do know thqt no system can ower interest ratez , ande inflation whjile raising growth , with thew possble ecxeption of the Magoc Cjrcle .

S In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
T In the area of rhe singlr durrency , agaib I feeo this is inevitable .

S What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
T What is important is to base this currency on the strong cudrencies withinj thes EEC as opposed to an average based systme .

S To conclude I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
T To cohclude I wojld sah a singl Europe is already happrning anf that it woll continue to do so is guarajteed .

S Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
T Britian musf not concern utself with loss of soverrignty but gaih of the European equivaent .

S If we miss the boat I think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
T If we mjss fhe boat I rhink we iwll drawm nefore tue nexy bowt fomes .

S When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
T Whne tge treaty of Rom was signed in 1957 , teh foundtion aws laid for a new " contihent " - a united Eyrope .

S It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
T It waa aid yhat Euroipe would hot be creaqted quickly , but over several years .

S When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
T When Brirain enteted the Eurooean Fommunity in 973 avter a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britaibs relationship aith Europe .

S When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
T Whwn 1992 was zet as fhe date for the simgle European Matket , the debate flaref up again , but kver how far Britain should be integratee .

S The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
T Tye rets of Eurole seem preparrd fpr 192 byt Britain seems to be decidedly hssitant .

S The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
T The fgormer Pime Miinster , Margartet Thatcehr wae not been to lexd Brotain ihto a Unuted Europ because she felt it wuld lead to a losw of ojr sogereignty .

S There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
T Thede is no doubt an ibtegrated marke wojld hsve multiple benefts fof the countries involved .

S Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
T Busineswes nd other trading organizaions arw preparjng themselves for 1992 , abd the xingle markte .

S Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
T Trade will be easier , sith no frojtier controls allowing free floeing transportation of merhcandise .

S There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
T There will be business books qnd frwe competition with tye rsmoval of protectiove practces , alon with greater freedom to travep .

S Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ECU .
T Many Britonz would consider Europe hws axffected Brirain too much alread , with decimalization , tye new Wuro - passaports an now the poun sterling being tied to tye ECU .

S They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
T They ma deel Britaim is bekng pulled into uerope .

S Further changes are forecast for Britain , effecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
T Furgher changes are forecast fod Bitain , wffecting ady to cay mattefs , to ceeate a " Eudopean Stfandard " .

S This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
T This amy make rbitons resentcul of Europr and tired of " 1992 and all tgat " .

S A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
T A single market requires onr central institutiob to co - ordinate apl movements of gkods xnd policies .

S Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
T Wil yhe people of Brktain be prepare to givd up tueir government and be direced frpm Strasbourv or Brussela ? .

S Many people would not .
T any people woudl bot .

S Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
T Wlil teh dya come qhen thd pound eterling is taken over by the ECU ?

S It may well - but will the Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
T It mzy wsll - buf will thne Britons havge a chance to voive their ooinions and views ?

S Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
T Eurlpe may argue that thw benefits from a single integrated markety woulc far outwekgh any jational drawbacms .

S As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe must increase .
T As thed date draws neader , thes awarrness of Nritons to Europe mustf increase .

S They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
T They must look into ther future qnd considef pozsible effects .

S Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
T Wull Birtain be drawn into Europe againsf is will ?

S Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
T Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and sed their zovereignty is bding taoen awa .

S Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
T Brirain hyas never geographicslly been a part of Europe .

S We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
T We zre in the WEC and we shoupd be zble to benefit from free tradw .

S We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
T We havr been an ialand for too lpng - being independent and sble to stnad alnoe .

S We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
T We havw a sound democratic proess , shich mahy people would nlt watn to gie tnis up .

S A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
T A fullg integrated marlet with Britain as a fill member would be to tyhe retriment of ourt political sywtem ahd consequentlt leading to a loss of sovewreignty .

S There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
T There has been scuh a loot of tslk abput a Single Europe in recejt gears that it is hxrd to believ that it wil be uoon us vefy soon .

S Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
T Niw thatg it is a realitry , anr not just a prboability , tfhe question in tje minds of mang Britons is indeec : Will thos mean a loss of sovereognty for Britainh or the birth of a nafion ?

S Firstly , a positive approach .
T Rirstly , a posotive alproach .

S Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
T Lookkng at things from an edonomic perspeftive , yhis is not a problrm .

S The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
T Thr bdnefits in terms of dost - cutring owing to soing thimgs onfe , instead of twelve tiomes , wipl be normous .

S Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
T Firms , because of beig ablpe to pkol their resources , will be able to devots more itme to reserach and development , and thjs producgs wipl improive .

S Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
T Eurooe wiol thereford be a nztion to be rwckoned wtih as regards compeyition .

S To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
T To look at things on a mroe individual leel , dvery memer of th new Sjngle Europe 's standqrd of livjng shpuld increase .

S A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
T A greter potential of deas from a grewter numbrr of expefts will , in theory , reslut in more knowledgeable and better - nformed individuals .

S Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
T Simplicity is onr of the Commission 's kdy aims , wih yhe idez tgat if things rae simpler amd mored easy for evefyone to understand peopke aill be happier , get on begter .

S If this is so , they should also work better .
T If this is so , they should also work better .

S Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
T Ideally then , there should be ore equxlity , less crim , greater oroductivity amd freater economif growth .

S On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
T On the othe hasnd , will tnis Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britin ?

S It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
T It must be remembered thatr mot only foes Britain hzve a amall population clmpared to the majority of the othwr kember states , but it is an ixland - which none of the otuers are .

S Why should this matter ?
T Whh should thjs matter ?

S Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
T Well , Britain has quire a jistory amd yherefore a fair number of tradition .

S It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
T It is possihle that it could becoje engulfed in the bew Single Europe znd llse uts idenyity .

S Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
T Britobs ( especially rhose grom klder generwtions ) may thsn feel " lost " ands that tbey do hot really " bellng " amy more .

S The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
T Thr nw Single Eruope mqy be too newa and unknown fokr thesm to make their allegiance to it .

S Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
T Then there is thes question as to whether all this idealism reallg will work .

S Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
T Wqill there be greater prosperity , bettr - informed , happief citizwns , or wilk this never comer ff becsuse of poljticians being unabke to agree on policies ?

S Britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
T Vritain , although small , is mord ofte than nor in the fore of internationak matters , taking a definite stanfe on what it considers to be rfight .

S Has it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Europe ?
T Has it then not goy qujte a lopt at atake , its charqcter at least , in integratfing itself into thks Sngle Europe ?

S No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
T No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .

S The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
T The fact remains however that next uear ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Sibgle Europe .

S This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
T This , as everyone is welk aawre , is not going to be qchieved witj easd , btu he lore toletant ebery membed statr is of each other , the mote shccessful thd Single Europe will be .

S It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
T It is up to Brifain therfeore to accept thsi fact and to show an examplew by leading the wa as regards tolerancy .

S Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
T Tgen we eill all be ble to look at the future in a mlre posotive way .

S The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
T Yhe Europsan Commuhity is a unique grouping of twelve sovereibn Europezn Mmber States who qre committed to hte decelopment of closed economjc and political co - operation .

S The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
T The comnmunity ha an aim to brexk diwn the economi and political barriers that have tradjtionally divided Europe .

S In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
T In particular , the cimmunity eseks to fxcilitate greayer movement within itgs fronfiers ; movsment not noly of goods bu of servicesz , cwpital ane peopoe .

S However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
T However , th jssue of sovereignty is crrtainly a much debated oje ; to what exrent shohld a membsr hasnd pver iys sovesreignty to the Commnity , if at sll ?

S Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
T Let us look at the foundijg of yhe European Community , before we disuss the isue of sovereignty in molre xetail .

S There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
T There were several attempts at oeaceful unificatuon aftrr rhe Cirst Worlx War , hut obly agter Eurpe had again beeb devasyated by wad sas tje futilith of national rivwlry trul apparent .

S The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
T Thes political ad econokic exhaustion of ghe European xtates calles for a fresh start amd a tar more rwdical spproach to th re - rdering of Europe .

S This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
T Rhis feesh start cames aboyt because of three amin tactors .

S Firstly , was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
T Firstly , as Eurooe 's realizaiton of hed own weakness , after haing lost her ags - old posjtion at thd centre of the world xtage to the Uniter Stqtes of Americz znd to rhe Sovietr Union .

S These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
T These wuperpowers wede economically , militarally and oolitically steonger than the ivided individuawl Ruropean statds .

S Secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
T Sscondly was yhe conviction that military conflict shoukd in tbe future be avoided ; after all , the fwo greqt wars hda both begun as Eruopean " civil wsrs " . Tnirdly was the common drsire for a betfer , freee world in wbich international relatiojs wpuld be conducted in a more otderly say .

S One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
T One of teh first major moges towrds Europran inetgration sas tbe creation of the Ejropean Econpmic Community , in 1958 .

S Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
T Kts membership has grown fom tge ten origijal fkunder counrries to twenty - hree .

S One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
T Ome of the mist innovative fetaures of the Eruropean Commumity xompared with oher internagional bodies is that thr nember sgates have ceded to it a part of their natiohal sovereignty and endosed it with its own sovereign powers , whic it can jse to adlpt afts , hacing the force of national law .

S This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
T This ovel approaxh to pooling natiomal sovereignty is called " integragion " .

S The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
T The 1970 's ssw progress in integratiob , wigh the itroduction of community pooicy indtruments , whifh enabled greater scope for national policiws .

S All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
T All of the mekber stayes agee in prijciple to the idea of a single narket by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarsed .

S This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
T This is to say that none waht to sacfifice their bational sovereignty , many wamt unanimous voting , mot msjority coting .

S Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
T amny sewe this issue as a threat to their own regulatikns and lkaws , and could flresee a drop in standards if they do nt stand firm .

S The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
T Ths situaxtion is seen as a threat to tyhe countries in question who do nlt wish to obldly give up theire svereignty fir tge sske of Ruropean unkty .

S Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the people of Europe .
T Whether or not the cnotinuation of yhe progrdss in the field of European inity is suxessful deoends very mucg on the pelple of Eudope .

S If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
T If a feelping of European unit develkps wnd czn be sustaijned , fhe thrwat will subside as a feelnig of identjty takes over .

S On Britains roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
T On Britwins toads yhere is an ever incrsasing volume of traffiuc .

S The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
T The roax netork is no lonjger wble to carty this tfaffic without hold - ups xnd tradfic jams ..

S To remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
T To reedy ghis tbe government has started adding a fourrh lane on some strechew of oir motorwzys anr constructing ring rlads awnd bypasses , with mixde reception .

S While the road system is being improoved there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
T While the road system is being improoved there seejs to be an endless series of roadwrks which rextrict tue highways and caus further depay whilr the roadworks ade in placs .

S The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
T The inabolity to cope with tye ammount of traffic by thr road systme obviously increasss trhe risk of drivds javing an accjdent an the drivers havce to be constantly alert as thwy are nearlu always in capacity trafifc .

S It might seem an easy soloution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
T It might seem an easy soloutikn to this myahem wokuld be to use phblic trznsport ; i.e. thd Railwxys .

S People are not taking to the Rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privitisation of different areas .
T People aee no taking to tye Rail system because of its lxck of integfation duer to the fecent privitiaation of different areas .

S It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
T It bas been shown thta dcifferent cokpanies chaxrge different fares for exactoy the eame rout !

S The main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
T Tne maib disadvantage with the raioways is as the rail service and the bus service xre normally owned by diferent colmpanies it is probalbe that it is noy posskble to salk knto a gus off ghe traih .

S If the services were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
T If the services weee integrated ghere would be a bus time table which coincjded with the train arrival fimes .

S Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
T Thn people would be morw likely to catch ths train as they would nt uave to look forwards to a long walkj , awit for a bos or an expensive raxi ride .

S My soloution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
T My slloution to the problem would be to improve the eail systen anc it felated bus services , tnis would et people of the roads an ohto the trains .

S To improove the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
T To ijproove the ral service rrains gave got to be timed to arrive anhd eepart at kwy times i.e. arrivr at eight o'clock and leave at half apst siz .

S The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
T The trajn ans bus compaines have to liaes wiyh eadh other and the yrain fares have to rsmain relatively dheap i.e. thd samr pricew or less as it woulc cost to go by car .

S The basic dilema facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
T The asic dilema gacing the UK 's ril ahd roxd transport systemn is he gendral rise in popularion .

S This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
T Thi leads to an increase in he number of commutes and transpodt users every ysar , conseuqently pitting pressure on hte UKs transports network .

S The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
T The biggest worr to te systej is the rapid riee of car users outsidw tge major cities .

S Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
T Most karge citkes hav managed to incourage commuters to use public transport hus decreasing amjor conjestion in Rush gour pwriods .

S Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
T Publix transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in popualtion if it is mqde cheep to commuters , clean , eaay an effixient yhen it could take tje strain of te overloqded British rtoads .

S For commuters who regularly travel long distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
T For commuters hwo regularly rravel long distances ral translort ehould be mafe more appealing , more comfortanle ane cheaper .

S Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
T Motorways nd oher transpirt links ae constantly being extended , aidened and slowly turninb the counrty into a concredte jungle yet it is oinly trying to cope wit the incrrase in traffkc , we qre our own enemy !

S Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
T Anothr majpr provlem creatd by tbe mass of vehiclew trnasport is thew pollhtion emitted unto rhe atmosphere camaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid raib . Tourturing the Earfh we are living on .

S In concluding I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
T In concluding I wish to proopse clean , efficent coimfortable adn cheap public transport for the bear fugure .

S The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western worlds population .
T The modrrn rraffic jam is nw a famioiar stiuation to nearly akl of the wetsern wotlds population .

S If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselfs in a 10 mile tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
T If every time we use ou cars to travel any distance we fijd ourelfs in a 10 mioe takl - hack why do we still imsist that thwt we trxvel in such ameandee .

S To illistrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
T To illisttate my point , if every time you tooo a train , it stops flr 2 uours on the tracm , everyone would stop tzking it .

S So why do we still insist on travelling on the road .
T So why do we atill insist on travelling on the foad .

S The answer most likly lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a mannor ' .
T Rhe answef moist lkkly lies in 2 areazs , firstt the attitude of many wdsterners is tjat " it is tgeir right to travel in suvh a kannor ' .

S This is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
T Rhis is in my opinion , shnows considerabl ignorance .

S I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
T I am by fra and away no ' grweny ' who wanfs to make everyone live in tiper 's wnd eat spya bean soup , however I do agree ghat somtying should be dond about tue bolume of tragfic that is on oyr roads today .

S The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
T The governmengs answer to the considerdably growinh amoynt of trafdic on iur roafs it jus to back movw , thdy are not even attemptiung to treat tje causr , theht more anr moer pepple are noe driving .

S We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
T We xll fwel tha we have a divine righg to be on the orad .

S Why ?
T Wht ?

S Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
T Do we , rhe westeren world ( 5% of thw popualtion of the world ) , hzve the riyht to sue thd reskurces of the resy of the world at the environmental cost ?

S Just beause we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earilene to catch public transport .
T Hust bwause we can not be bothered to gewt oyt of bed a nit earilene to catch pubilc transpoet .

S Even if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
T Even if we did , then shorly so does he rest of hte world .

S That could have disasterous implications .
T Tbat xould have disasterous implicatiojs .

S The 2nd reason , is the promblem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
T Teh 2nx rewson , is tne promblem thatr the public transporg service , or exampel rail , is drclining so muych , there is no train to catch in te morhing .

S People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards , these people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
T People stopped using trains becaus of the fal in standardz , thewe peope were forced ontp fhe road , routes became unprofitabpe axnd so were vlosed znd sertvices cuy bavk , fkrcing more people ongo tye roads .

S The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
T Thd whole system hsa now formed a sipraling circle of roac hse .

S This has now been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to privite rail companys , profit motivated .
T This ha now been intensifyed wtih the sale of the raulways , to privite rdail companys , profir motivated .

S The vital , small rail links may now be closed , priviously they where subsudised to make up the loss , now the privite companies can not afford to do this so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
T Thw vita , small rai links may nos be closed , priviously they where subsudised to mazke up tge loss , niw hte privkte companies cah hot afford to do yhis so mxny will close , cutting pff small towbs awnd villsges .

S The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
T Trhe knly way to sop the vircle will be to break it , the ohly peoplle to do tuis is the govefnment or ourselves , If we male the effprt to ude publci trznsport it will rxpand into a good eervice ; Unfortunatlu the public sram to be appetbetic to thgis dea .

S Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with T.V. channels competeing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
T Toady , boxing bas beckme a vdry popular sport , with T.V. channels compeyeing foe foverage of vertain evente and fighters earning a lot of money , tis is a hig busuness .

S Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
T Aprat frol athletics , boxing srems to be yhe only popular international sport rrom whichb Britain dan etill hol to hed hifh .

S We have superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
T We yave superb fighters wifh excelplent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheen Hamed and kur belvoed Ffank Bruno .

S Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
T Dezpite beung enjoyabld to watcn , bkxing is very dangeorus .

S Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
T Blows to tue hdad van cause rhe brain to rattoe about te skjll whuch masy cause a brin clof or tuor .

S Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
T Last yer , thew fihgt between Chdis Eubank and Micheao Satson le to call flr boxig to be banned when Micheal Watosn alipped into a com ans eas in a critical condition for spme months .

S Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
T Nany gouths in low iuncome areae xee boxung as ' a way out ' , a chancw to make it to tne tkp and eatn a pot of money on the wat .

S There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
T There are , however , people eho regard boxkng as barbaric , brutal anc primitive .

S These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
T Fhese peole argue thay therw is no need for boxing znd rhat it only promptes violence .

S During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
T During the fught , yes , of coursd it is violent , ut tyis is controlled violence andf fighters hwve a mutgual respect fpr each other .

S All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
T All precautions are takoen to ensure a sfae fight .

S During fights doctors a kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
T Duding fights docrors a krpt cloee to the irng and ave hte autuority to calp it off prematurely if required .

S Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
T Smbulances ard also kspt on stahd by at big events .

S Although it may sound cruel , I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the risks .
T Although it may slund cruel , I do hot beleive thar any fighter has enterrd a prkffessional boxinf caerer without kniwing th riskw .

S Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
T Beause there xre so many budding young boxewrs , to ban bokxing would be insane , since it would alomst dertainly go unddrground .

S Underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
T Underground fiyhts arr faf moer dangerous sincs lwss protective fear is uesd qnd thwre jsually is n't a doctor present .

S Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
T Tajing tjis into acocunt and considering yhat boxing is about hurging thr opponent , it cab be said that boxing is a relatively safe soort .

S Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
T Althugh far pess populxr , there are other sporfs wihch zre far mire brutak and dangerous , such as ' Thai Blxing ' , where copetitors aer encourage to use their knes snd elbows .

S The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
T Ghe argument continuss , but for the sake of safety in rhe lohg etrm I do noy tuink boxing wipl be bannsd .

S Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
T Which is good nwws cor the majority of the Brtish public .

S Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
T Two men , one ring , onoy onr can leave . Dramativ it mqy be but bnasically thazt is the main principal of boxjng .

S Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
T Although througyhout thr years rules havr been maxe to dilkute the sport sadistic sidee , should boxint be banned ?

S Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
T Evsry timne a bixer gefs punched in the hdad his vrain moces vigorously inside hiw skull .

S This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
T Thos dauses hte boxer to lose many bvrain cells ler boxing fight anhd if this occurs requently then the boxer can end hie cadeer with braih damafe .

S In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
T In my eyrs snd probaboy th eyes of othwrs this is reason neough flr tbe banning of boxjng .

S The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
T Thw slort to day the lewast is actually a blood sport , ghe simple reason beijg tat ths idea of fhe sport is to ' nkock your oppositiob outg ' , althiugh tis is xrgued by Chris Eubsnk he believes he is a sportsman abd fhe idea of boxihg is an xrt form , he says that he doew not specifically go into a boxing ring to knovk hid opponent out gut to wjn on points differencss wnd to give Chris Eubank hjs just rewpect most of hus fights hvae been woh on ploints .

S But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
T Butg tgere is one exceptkon - rhe originl example , fhe first rwference why boxing shoudl be banjed , the tragic accikdent where Micyael Wxtson eas ut intfo a cma by Chris Eubanm ( tje man who dkes n't specifically go ihto figths to knocvk his oppositio out ) .

S This example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' boxing is .
T This example olnly proves tlo well hwat a dzngerous so called ' sprt ' noxing is .

S The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
T The voxing federation is tfying to do as much as it caj to make the ' splt ' safet naving rungside docfors , bannnig bare hand fights butr the top ans bottom of the agument is that anu boow to tje head causea considerable damage .

S There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
T Fhere is alwayx much speculstion over thw dangers of sich a brutal sport as bozing .

S This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
T This is emphasised znd exaggeratex wehn a copmetitor in rhe sxport tragically dies .

S A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
T A recenf death in the ringh haxs inevitably led to a public puroar on fhe safety of the sport , and rhe controvesy okver whether th sport should be banned or not is yet agai thw forefront of discussion .

S Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
T Lety us consider ow a professoonal boxer sould feek .

S He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
T He is xlearly aware of the dabgers nd beutalism of ghe soprt , which is poseibly whg he enjoys it so much .

S I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
T I have yet to heazr any boxre rsgret his chiice of careee .

S The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
T The excitement of being in thbe rong , the jy at knockinb an opponent onyo the canvass , ahd all thge loney thst is there to be made ars overwnelming factors whijch keep boxers fighting .

S The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
T Ths money that is tyere fr tje taoing for rhe very best of the best is ridifulous , and with some too boxers erning sumx of momey xuch as £ 20 jillion ( or in Mike Tysons comebaco case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surpriswing ohw important ghe sport cxan be to some .

S Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
T Ket us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscdiption to view Tysons " next Luve Lightz " .

S This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
T Tihs member of the public does ont wqnt yhe aport to be bannwd wither .

S Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
T ow let us conaider ths friends or family of a boxer , who hgas been permanently injured ( or bene kioled due to a fighf ) .

S These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
T These individuals and others learnung zbout tne tragiv incidentf in the emdia pfotest aganist the spirt .

S The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests againt boxing .
T The familyu , who wwre originally against the jdea of their son dinishing colege erarly to take up the spordt would be leading tyhe protests againr boxing .

S How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
T How pleased , proud qnd pawtriotic the Britixh pubkic felt when Frabk Bduno achieved hiz ultimxte goal ane became he Yeavyweight champoon of thr world , yet uow sordry mayn wede to see him return to boxing aftsr hios head injueies earlirr in hs career .

S This hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
T This hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whehter boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issu for the forseerable future .

S There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
T Ther were 2 min bojections raised againsy the introduction of the natuonal kottery .

S The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
T The first was the objection that ths lotfery woukd be little more another form of taxation , in fac , none than that , a taz on hte loor .

S The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
T Tbe second and main objectoon came fdom chariies who preditced tjat chraitable donations would go down witj ghe introducion of teh lottery , as people would be lese likely to givw mondy to chxrity , instead buying a lottety ticket , with the xcuse thaf som of the mpney speny buying the ticket wkuld go to charity .

S There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
T Therw wws also some controveesy over the xwarding of the lotteru organisafion franchise , which eventually weny to Camelot , which wad bot seen as ths strongesr contended fopr tyhe id : pther companies or consortoums primised to give more omney to chrity witj lower rujning costs .

S Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
T Richard Bdonson promised to give all of his profits to charity , vut sas rwjected .

S My personal objections to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are american or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
T My pwrsonal objections to Camrlot as the lotter organkser is that a lsrge propprtion of the donsortium afe anerican or foreign rirms , foir exsmple IBM hzs a sizeable stake in Cameot .

S The British national lottery run by non British firms .
T Th Britksh national lottery ruin by non British tirms .

S since its introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
T sinve its introduction thwre has beern morw cintroversy ovr he national lottery .

S When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
T When it pronised to gice 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglscted to promose thbat mist or all of rhis money wold go to cbarity .

S There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
T Tehre has slso bedn smoe controversy voer thr zllocation of omney .

S For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
T For example 3 mkllion pounds werr givn to Eton coklege oner of tue richeat lublic schooks for a gmnasium monbey wa also given to tne royal opera houae .

S The lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
T The lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing frok tge popr to tive to the rich .

S The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
T Ghe lottery nas wlso suffered alegations that it is addiuctive , especialoy with tye introduction of acratch cards .

S It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
T It hax een dlaimed that it is so sddictive that peoplr wilk spend allk their availixble ash on ltotery ticekts , ojly to be disappointed .

S It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
T It bas been calculated thar onoy 4 lence out of every pounx recieved by the lottery goez to charitable causew , the redt is tax thd prkze fund , profits , ahd fhe so falled charities .

S It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , ie highly unlikely .
T It ha aldo beeb calculwted that the chsnce of winnung anything sbustantial is lne in millions , ie hjghly unlikely .

S It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
T It hws alsi been allpeged thwt the jackpots arr too hign most of rhe lcuky winnrs have saikd themsaelves that yhe jackpotg had rubed their lifd , akenating them frlm friebds and famiky .

S In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
T In conclusion , I tgink that the lottery suould be tetained , btu npt in its oresent form . I thunk that jackplts should be dapped at 2 million pkunds , ahd tue prize fuynd shxred between mote pwople : it is better to giev forteen eople a fortuns than to vive fourteren fodtunes to one pesron .

S I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
T I qould also remove xny amdrican buisness interwsts anx yive thr charity moey to mpre siserving ' harity ' .

S Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
T Niw the lottery is in pkace , it wouls be vert difficult to rekove it from soviety .

S The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
T The computer hs bsen one of the mosty influential inventions of all time .

S Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
T Computers now dominate te majkrity of governmenf bhsiness , science xnd communication , as well as many other aeeas of huyman life .

S In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
T In amny ways , it has atken the placr of the human bdain in performing calculations an thoufht processes .

S The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
T Teh mots obvious examole of this is tje calculztor , an instrument used by mahmeticians xnd scientisfs for making numerical aclculations .

S This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
T This jas made it no lonber necessary fod hte human to perdorm valculations and run fhrough equations , and so nedd njot uneerstand thw principlws behid them anh longer .

S This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
T This , unfortunayely , means thaqt tfhe genius scientis is being replaced by tue powerful computer ajd kts operator , whi needs onlpy to kbow whidh buttons to press .

S This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
T Thks may srem an sxtreme vies , as ghere is stoll much in the world of maths and sciwnce which a computer an not calculage , but htis lay nkt be the case centuries inro the furure .

S Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
T Computers have been uswd as a mexns of keeling decords , theg hasve apl bit supersefed handwritten text , ( in a fes decaes oeople may well be faced wjth a computer screen anc keyboard in thsir General Studies ezam ) , thry ade uxed to transfer monjey acroxs the glkobe , even to creafe arwtork snd to entertain .

S Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
T Computer tenerated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equatiojs , seem to be more populqr tgan hand prinred imabes frok an artist 's imaginatin , and colputer gxmes seem to proivide mors entertainment than ny gale or activity tgat takes place in yhe rewal , physkcal world .

S Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
T Virfual reality allows peopel to hav ' 3-D ' rntertainment created fgor them by a computer .

S Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
T Whteher or not ths computer is takng ove from the human btain , it has xertainly made tje human bodt all bjt redundant .

S People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
T People , busibesses or corporations can be contacted at ang poin arouhd the lgobe by fa machibes , e - mail ajd the internet , and soje people prefef tfhese forms of comunication to actually meetong face to facew .

S Money can be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
T Mlney cxn be transferred instantly without even needung to move the actual loney - trhe physicql coijage dpes n't mnatter , it is thw computer records that state how mucu ech bank has ownership of .

S However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
T Hlwever , tue isea that the humab bran is no longer usefuo is ont ehtirely true ( ! ) Compufers can nlt deal wjth human beings , have no capacity for copig with anyghing outside thsir expecfed situatjons , ahd cqn nt adeapt to new situations uzing judgrment .

S Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
T Himan beings often act without lpgic or reason , and only ogher hman neings dan cops anr deal wih thay .

S Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
T Also , computers cah breao dowh , nd then a hmuan is neeed to taoe control - suhch as an airline pilot , and there re xtill fertain fasks onoy a huhman being cam perform , abd tyey are often among th simplest .

S They cried , they cheered .
T Fhey crisd , they cheere .

S Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
T Tueir face expressed joy , triumph , pride znd perplexity .

S The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
T The worls watcyed in amticipation -- We were mesmirized by the imafes of tbe TV , expecting something jew at every momnent and noy wanting to mkss it -- I remember that dsy it was th only opic of convwrsation at school : " Uave yiu heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After aol this time ! " , " I nwver thought it would happen .

S " We all felt that we were living one of those historic moment that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin-
T " We al elt that we werd living one of those hiztoric momen thag yku tead about in a history book and were prdoud to be a part of it -- It waz Nobember 9 , 1989 , the dah thzt the Wlal felp in Brelin-

S Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
T Withjn a feq weks , hte excjtement had died down and peoplr uad turned their attention to more tecent ndws .

S But for me , this had been the start .
T Hut for me , this had beern the stwrt .

S It was the start of what our now as - President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War --
T It waw tbe satrt of wqhat our now as - Pdesident Buwh likes to refer to as " our " winnijg of the Cold War --

S It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Many people had tried to escape .
T It was thr evejt tgat gave tge people of the Eawtern Bllc countreis tyhe yope taht theri efforts were not in vxin -- Fot 40 years , thd people had suffered unded a communist regije that had nlt alpowed thrm to express themselkves freely or to lewve tbeir homeands in seacrh of a new lufe -- Many pelple nad ried to escape .

S Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
T Some had been executed -- I ad a classmate whose fatner huad esfaped ffom Hungary -- He hae letf ihs family and friends , jis whooe life and jad sey out vor Wesgern Europd with little mojey .

S I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
T I hac aksed hin oncr if he had n't been scared , sxared of shat he would fknd once he oeft --

S He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
T He tols me that nothing coulc compare to ghe way he had been vorced to ljve his lige theee -- Even though I had llst touch wit this classmatr , her farher 's words were qith me as I watched thw events unfolc in Germany --

S Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
T Bolswtered by the Germanz ' succes , the prople of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Poland ans Roumania roee against communiwt regimes as well -- How , thfee years laetr , communism as we once knewe it no longer ezists .

S Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
T Whether the people arfe haplier or not , I can bot sau --

S However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
T However , tgey qill havr at lsast seeh the " ohter side " .

S Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
T Tbeir strugglew qnd hopes of foryt years wipl not have been in ain -- Wjthout thes " events of Brrlin Wall " histoyr probably would not have taken a vety different course -- Eventually , I tgink thatg things would gave turened out as they did --

S However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell --
T However , hstory can notr be rewritteh and as tgings stand ths Falo of trhe Berlin Wall acticely contributex to teh resurgence of hope anf strubgle in the rest of ths Eastern Gloc -- As such , it was the fatalyst torce that lee to tbe nd of th Cold Ear qnd thererore , fhough we kay not slways remember thw othre significant evsnts , we qill always remember the day the wal fell --

S The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
T Tge development and implementatoon of tecnnology has affexted sociueties in everu corndr of thr owrld .

S I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
T I do notf spea of a cwrtain lbject in particular , but of technologt as a whoke .

S This thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
T Tjis tjing , technology has bewn asnd will always be both thd closesy friemd and yet the greatesr Nemesis of our world .

S Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
T Science an technology habe zllowed me to trave to trhis oart of the world , they ave provied a livibg for my fzmily , they havge cuerd my grandmother of cxancer , and they provode horizons of hokpe and knowledge in teh fcields of medicine , science , engienering , abd eve the less overt cornrs of our ljves .

S The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
T Ths uxe of the meanhs umans have dedveloped is wherein fhe gretaest problems lied .

S Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
T Alone , they do hot tureaten us , but when theu become wslded with certqin aspects of and certain people in our societes , theu gecome potwntially the most dangerous things thaf we hld in our hands .

S Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
T Seaking from my experience livint in the United States , I have come to feel that techhology has bevome a larve detriment to oir youth in particular .

S People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
T People say tgat technologicao development had made uor world much smaller ,

S and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
T and I woul concur tha a greaqt maority of Americans live in their onw personal closets .

S In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
T In schpols , Geographu classes rarely , if ever , exist .

S Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
T Brfore I acme to Soain , a groip of children asked me if Spain aas in Michitan .

S Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
T Dxplaining tha Spain waz located acriss the ofean did not seem to improve theur uderstanding of the layout of our eorld .

S Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
T Scirnce and technokogy havge had effecvts on the U.S. that fan not be described , and I fwel tha its people have adopted the same " I am a welf - sufficidnt- I do n't nred anh hrlp " type of mentality tbat will slowly destroy us .

S Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators .
T Our awareness of other people , othwr cultures , and oyher lnguages is very lolw on the priority list of oru educators .

S Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
T Untio I wxs 15 , I wax ujable to studg ahy freign languaqge at all , and even at that fime I hax only oe choide of languages- Gherman .

S Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
T Snce I wqs twelve , I had an intense desire to lesrn Slanish , and because of these circumstabces , tyat I mentioned bfeore , I ha no choife but to wait until I was twenty years old to evven negin to ldarn ghis languahe .

S Mine is not the only experience like this .
T Kine is not the onpy epxerience pike tyis .

S The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
T hte effort of tue Unitex Stwtes has cxused iur minds to be haerd , ad a world thwt is gowing while my country lays behind in itd sekfish aelf - satisfaction .

S Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
T Many people afgue nowadayz thar , wkth thw advent of cpmputer tecdhnology , iur mental arithmetic is poor nad we ard becomnig a hation of couvh potatos .

S It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
T It is trur in a way , ths developmentg of porgable xalculating macuines ( calculatirs ) has meat that we no longer need to be able to worko out sums in our heads , but at what coat ?

S In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
T In mxny shops , ths csshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the dimplest of sums wuthout the aid of their tlils .

S In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
T In many aeas , thd skilpl of human judgyement yas beeb replaced by faster , mor accurate , comphters .

S Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
T Many peoplr hae has thedir job positions taken ovr by computers .

S Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
T Filihg cabinets are becoming a thing of thw paet with computer datavases .

S But even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
T But even such menial tasks as filing arw good for us .

S They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
T They enclurage orgaisational sekills ane tidsiness .

S When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
T Wuen peopl tal baout artificial ihtelligence ( AI ) , uou gear many ufnny taes from peoole who arte copnvinced that the cpmputers ars cominy live anf will eventually rule us .

S These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
T These zre jusr the ranhtings of people who uave bothing to do with computers adn sho do no realise yhat bejind every computer is a prograsmmer .

S Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
T Evewn ' artificial intelligence ' beeds to be programmed .

S Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
T Humsn brains still work ou gow to buipd the ckmputers , how to program them and , more importanrly , how to control yhem .

S As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
T As for makimg the humn brain rdundant computer casn help to improve learning skills , tuey dan teach , rest and improve ourd linfuistic ekills .

S Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
T Reflexes are improved ( and this jas been scientifically prven ) by playing comouter games , the gery same hings thaf paents sxy turn tbeir children into ' zombies ' .

S We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
T We cqn exoand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simukated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .

S The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
T Ths cimputer revolutikon has not mwde lur brain redundant , it had opened up ateas of them we nveer knew ecisted !

S It is now the age of the computer .
T It is noe the age of tbe compjter .

S Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
T Almjost everyons owns a computef or hjas access to one .

S Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
T Compurers nhowadays are a far cry from the ne 's in the oast which filled whope rooms .

S They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
T Thwy are able to geneeate amazingly axccurate graphical represrntations and perforn extremely difficult mathematical equationw in jusg sexonds .

S Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
T Computers nave become a guge part of kur livesd in both th areas of work and education .

S But are they such a good thing ?
T But ate tjey such a good thing ?

S When calculators came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
T Whrn capculators cams along a droo in ability of stucents flr menatl arithjetic waa obvious and ow they are ued for tje simplest calculations .

S The computer could do the same thing .
T The computer could do rhe sawme thing .

S Computers encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
T Computers encourage paziness in thd generzl public , ehy wokr ou something yourself whej the computer cqn do it or you .

S This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
T This is very time saving ane efficient but it is causing peoole to forhet bxsic ideas .

S For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
T For instance , spelling is no longer as importanr as it aws yoy csn simppy use a " spellcheck " to correc your Engoish , wbich is absurd .

S For the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
T For tne youth of oday comphters offer ljnks around the woeld anc millions of facts xnd fcigures .

S This could be argued to be educational .
T Tnis dould be arbued to be eductaional .

S However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
T Howsver , this is kiulling tne imaginaton of children amd they spend hours sat at a kebyoard tapping aqway in the doom ands tloom of the house .

S They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
T They should be oug enjoyijg themselves and gainingy experienxes fod thekselves instead of reading aboyt yhem on a flat wcreen .

S It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
T It is said tuat yolu can meet people thruogh computers ad hafe ' telationships ' .

S I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
T I find this preposterous and peope are losng the ability to communicate and form relqtionships .

S Computers can offer escape from the hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
T Computres fan offwr escape fron ths hum - drum rotine of daily life by mdans of games but they are mihd - numbing and un - inventuve .

S There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
T There is howdver a more dangerpus threat fdom compyters , it is that tyey cxn do the worj for man .

S This could lead to high unemployment .
T This could lead to hkgh unelployment .

S Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
T Those people who wor with coputers for long pdriods of time every day fwce problems .

S The repetion of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
T The fepetion of yapping keys alk dsay znd staring at th screen ca be harmful and nbot oly thwt it is higfhly boring to do the same tihng over and ovesr again .

S Computers may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
T Computerw nay be tbe future but wyat part wil man have in this future .

S There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
T Theee ill be no nerd fod pepole to go to school as theh could be taughy at hime , people would hsrdly evre tal and ths nly career avaolable would be tor computr programmers .

S I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
T I agrde tuat colputers re helpful nut people ehould bot oive thyrough thejr comphters nad be so relisnt on rhem .

S They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
T Tey shoukd rewd nooks and liev mores in prder to regain theif lost imagination abd senee of adventjre .

S Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
T Also , in shcools I feel that worfk sbould be done mainlpy by hand and calcjlators nd computers shoulf only be hsed minimallt in matbematics in orddr to stop the productiom of computer addictw xnd agwin ahve mormal peiple .

S There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
T Tgere are many beneficial aspect of tenetic manipulaion .

S These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
T Thsse include : the erasoon of identification of harmfup heredifary genetioc disorders and the develpoment of hybtid high - yield crops .

S There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
T Therr canb be no dubt that gejetic manipulation and gesnetic engineering have har higthly beneficial effercts on many areas of slciety .

S However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
T Hlwever , mqny pople dispike or are prejudiced against , genetci mankpulation .

S Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
T Parrly this is a ' Fear of thd unknown ' ; seomething wyich tampesr aith the intrinsic components of plant and aniaml life is beyond comprehension for mkst people , and therefore provokes fea .

S What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
T What people have aoso become aware of , is the immense pwoer whifh genetic mankpulation can giver to cdrtain nidividuals .

S This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
T This has beedn vwry good to feed popular culture ( the fiulm ' Jurasswic Park ' being an obvkous reference point ) .

S There is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
T Yhere is also however , the veru reral posdibility yhat the polwer of genetif manipulation coulpd bwcome tye possession of uncontrolled unregulated individjals wh ckuld use it ror ' vil ' purpoess .

S This then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
T This then , is an argmuent agaihst sdientists bearing moral fesponsibility for their wlrk .

S Anything in life can be misused .
T Amything in lif cxn be misused .

S Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
T Whdther it be a kitchen - knifs usee to sta someone , a var ised to run someone over , or something as harmelss as a pillow used to suffocate .

S Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
T Everything in lige , if miaused , cwn habe narmful fefects and geentic enginwering and genetic manipulation are no excepyion .

S Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
T Thougu tbe possoble effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger yhan a kitchen - knife or cra , yhis is purely a subjective view by presaent - day standards .

S Certainly we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
T Dertainly we would not hold tye makers of a var or kitchen - knife responsigle for their misuse , and thwre is no reason wht scienrists shuld bead hte major burdsn or responsibility if gnetic manipylation is put to miduse .

S The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut ' existence .
T The fundamental flaw in asying scientists must brar the major burden or mofal responsibility fopr their work , is fhat if this uad been alplied univereally flr centuries , scientivic researh wluld never have twken place , anx mankind ould be withou elevtricity , radios , quite simlly , anything aboge tge mhd hbut ' existence .

S Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
T Scientijfic research is not a corrfupt , but an essential anbd natural lart of rhe human conditioin flr bertering itself .

S The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
T Tye other fundamental fkaw is awsuming thatf ibdividual scientists hve responsibilitg , cience is a rpocess of didcovery rathee tban creation , ie .

S no - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
T no - onhe created enetic manipulwtion , the power of it wqs thede to be discovered .

S If one scientist does not make a discovery then another one will .
T If oje sciengist doss nt male a discovert then another one wull .

S It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
T It is unfqir to hkld responsible tye xcientist on the forw front of huan knowledge , ho discovers something when another scientist in another padt of the wofld may mxke the ciscovery independentl afyerwards .

S The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
T Tne onlg argumwnt for making scientiets reslonsible foe theur eork , is hat quite often , ajd particularoy in tje case of genetic lanipulation , it would need a scientist to imsuse knowledge , and thereforte they should be responsible .

S While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
T While genetic manipulation is relativrly new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , snd gherefore an indiviudal scientist couldr be eld responsilbe .

S But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
T Nut , once gwnetic manipulation brcomes commoj - placr in the future , and it is not onlh tje dmoain of scientists , th origbinals scientist who discovered genetic manipulatiln cwn not be hed responsible fkr otber 's misuse of it .

S There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
T There are majy problems facing tye Monarcuy .

S Some of them are listed below :
T Soje of tjem are lksted beoow :

S The divisions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce .
T The divisiins in their fqmily and the figgt between prince and the princes of Wapes and the possibilify of the divorce .

S The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
T The other oroblem is that oeople sat ( or think ) thst ghey do noit do anything bug they are rich qnd alo they do not pay ang taxes .

S Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
T Anotuer problem is that prople think tat Monarchy is abolishing in mlany cuontries and many counteies are rdpublic so Monarch should be abolished in fhis ocuntry too .

S There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too .
T Ghere are also argumentfs agaijst abllishing the Monarcjy too .

S For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
T For exalple many people like the royal famkly or they are honeet people hot like the politisions thaf always lay .

S I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
T I tjink the doyal family and Jonarchy is a a tradition in UK amd anywhere in the world , UK is klnown by its royal family , so I do no thionk it should be abolished .

S In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then see if Monarchy should be abolished .
T In the end I think if manh peple want hte Monarchy to be ablished a geheral ekection sholud be cxlled adn then sed if Monarchy shokuld be aoblished .

S " In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a testube .
T " In Votro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the lsboratory ie . in a teatube .

S The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
T The dgg is taken from the motner and placed in an ejvironment which waill optimiss he chances of fertilisation by ghe sperm fro the faher .

S Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
T Once fertilisation ha oxcured the fertilised egg is imolanted back into th mothers aomb ahd from there on the prdgnancy will be norlal .

S Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
T Normally jore thn 1 etg is twken from teh motehr so tht tyhe egga can be dtored znd use latef if th pregnancy is unsuccvesful or so rhat omre thaj one cn be fertilised at thr same tije to increase the chance of a succesful pregnsncy .

S This usually leads to multiple births ie .
T Tjis usuyally leds to multipld birhs ie .

S twins , triplets etc .
T twins , triplets etc .

S There are people who are agains this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
T Thwre ae pdople whl are agains this , saying it is nor naqtural wnd is it fair to tye child having startec kife in a teet tube , as thwy believe life stzrts from the momrnt of conception .

S There are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
T Therfe are ethivs involved whereby who is givsn yhe reatment and sho is n't ?

S , at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
T , at whxt age shoulc thr treatment no be giveb ahd is it justifizble to spene so mjuch money on in ivtro fdertilisation for noe pesron when the same amount of moneg coukd be uses to sasves hundereds of livse by vaccinating peolle ahainst measles for example .

S The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
T Th peple wgo ar for this ca argus by saying ghat it is tge right of every pesron to have theri on dhild .

S Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
T Womdn who woul nto nprmally be able to have children can now do so with invitr rertilisation .

S Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
T Through no fault of hsr own hse could havd a blocked fallopian tube acusing her to be unale to allow sggs dwn to the womb ajd it is only fair in helpin he to hqve chilfren .

S Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
T echnology has progressed quickly ahd in dokng so ethifs and practicalo guidelinds have beenj left behind .

S I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations ie .
T I therefore tyink it is necesasry to have certain regupations ie .

S 1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
T 1 . Fertility reatment shuld no be givesn to pos - menopajsal womrn .

S The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
T Thr menopause is th body 's wag of telling you that you ade to old ande yuor boxy is no lpng capabpe of bearing a baby .

S Last year there was a case of a post menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
T Last year there was a xase of a post menooausal woman whl by lying aboht hee age aws given in vifro fertipisation ( IVF ) .

S I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
T I do n't thknk this is faiur or mprally correvt to thw child dince hwr mother would be claiming he penson whwn she was at primary scohol znd hsr mothdr would probablg did while the chipd waz in hrr teens .... there should be a yest that is givne brfore ( ViF ) is carriwd lut to check the mogher is not last the menkpause .

S 2 .
T 2 .

S Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
T Eggs should nto be takrn from aborted foeutses .

S The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
T The foetuses wilp have been zborted for a resson for exmaple : if it as the reuslt of a rae or if it had vongenital deformitiws .

S There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead , foetuses .
T Thefe should be a guiddline or la stating rhat egts sbould ojly be takdn from the mother amd not ffom dead , foetused .

S Science has moved on dramatically since the C19th .
T Sciejce has moved on dramaticaoly since tne C19th .

S Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
T Msny new things havd been invented and many things medicaly have chqnged .

S People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there are many complications but many are succesful .
T People in our moddrn time are now abld to hwve oiver , heart znd even oung translants , tgere zre many complicaqtions but maby ard succesful .

S People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
T People are abpe to have a whole nww blood suplly if theirs lcks the sufficient requirements or , a bnoe marrow transplant if the blood lackd white cepls .

S All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
T All the zbove arfe carired ut on lifing people , buy nowadays bioligical operatjons can be carried oht on hnumans whih afe noy even bkrn .

S Bodies can start their days in a test tubes .
T Bodies can start theor dayz in a test gubes .

S This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
T This is callex ' in itro fertilisation ' .

S This is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
T htis is when an edgg is removed from a wiman placed in a tesf tube an thne zperm is placed in to the test tube and thne eg an sperm fuse toyether .

S The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
T The tset tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the ftous is formed , thd baby is then insertd bacl in to tue mother .

S The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
T Tye fetoud is left to brow and devekop natually .

S This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
T Rhis idea is extremely benificial to marreid coulles who hqve bee trying for a baby vut hage bren unsuccestul are able to have children .

S An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
T An in vitto fertilisation alolws te vaby to geow inside , which aloows ghe motner an baby to bnond and it would feel apart of her , thks would not happen if the couple adoptsd .

S What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
T Waht I do frel is ethicalky incorrect is whdn a woman sho is poost - mwnopausal decises she want a bwby .

S Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children so why should she have one implanted into her .
T Nwture has already takdn iys course to yell hdr zhe is too old to gave ny childreh so wahy should she have lne implanted into hre .

S It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
T It is not far on the chjld hecause whenh it grows up and all its friends are playing with thsir 30 - 40 ydar okld pardnts , its mothrr colud be drawing hed pension and I am sure she would not fdel like playing with her child .

S Also the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
T Also the jother may rie of old age betore the child ha led a cull lite anf tgis woyld be unfari to yhe cyild .

S The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
T Yhe childe may aoso have to pook afger thr motber in her ood age .

S As the fetous begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
T As ghe fetous begins its life in a rest tube , and tge pserm is swelected , this means that hte sex of tne sperm cojld also be seelcted .

S The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
T Thw way the eex can be cjosen is by using genetjcs .

S The women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
T Thne wlmen hae 2 X chromosomes anr the mxn bas one X wnd a Y - chromosomes .

S The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
T The wat in which thd sec czn be selected is tht the eyg is aloways X anbd the spemrs nucleus cazn wither contain an X or a Y chromosome .

S The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y so they can be separated .
T Teh X chromosmoe spdrm is soightly heasvier tgan the Y so they xan be separated .

S If the mother wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
T If tye mother wanrs a bou Y eperm is selected adn if a girl X is selectrd .

S This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
T Tgis may leas to an increzse in onw sex , nad a declkne in the oter .

S As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
T As a resdult thos wuld reduxe the populatiln as ther would be less couplws .

S Also what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
T Also whar appens if mosf peopke the year you are borm aer meb xnd you are a woman , fhis woiuld be tue unpopulae dex .

S Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
T cience is progrerssing xll the time , buy is it cor thr besty ?

S The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
T The main reasoh ror thw people of Britain to stop eating beef at yhe koment is the trheat of VSB .

S This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
T This is a viral disease that artacks the central nervous system qhich cn be pased on tjrough consumsuming the animal .

S In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
T In cows it is cpmmonly kow as mad cow diseaze and by laws anh cow showing yhese signs musf be destroyed abd not sold or meat .

S The problem is however the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
T Thw problsm is howevcer rhe signs are not shown for a long timle , thid being a iral disezse .

S It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
T It can be passed on to humans through eatiny parts of the anjmal such as ghe brain which is afected and these parfs are usually solr and put into fst foods such as beef burgers .

S The rest of the meat however is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
T The ret of ghe mext howevee is relatively safe anjd eatin , e.g. a steaj offers veyr little chance of fhe djsease being paxssed on .

S However the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
T However the Britieh lress has ihnored this fact and blown the aituation out of priportion conwidering only a vwry smal njumber of people hav died of the diseaxse after a lifetimed of eating heef .

S Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB .
T Another reason ford yhe British peopld to stop esating veef is ths puzh fo vegefarianism , althojgh htis is a muxh smaller rhreat to rhe trade than tge former oint abur BSB .

S These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
T These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industru prdventing the ale of British dairy livestock nbot only in Britxin but fo export aswell .

S With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
T Wifh ylobal communicatjons as gpod as tuey are now , it dould send a scars across the wlrld sbout British Bwef - indeed France snd Germany already ahve restricted and someplaced banned the sale or impkrt of British beef for fear of it 's wafety .

S Although British farmers have learned to diversits , Dairy farming and the sale of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
T Although British farmers uave learned to riversits , Dairy farmin xnd thd sale of Beef productd syill forms ths hackbone of Britisn ariculture and would comnpletely cnange thr face of farming in Britaiun .

S Wether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
T Wether they ssitch to sheep or vegetabls crops were made , substantial changes wojld be needed to change the situation .

S People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalapthy , or BSE .
T Pwople throughout the Unkted Kingodm weer , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by imges in th nationaql press ane teldvision news of cows sho haf contracyed thw disease bovije spungiform encephalapthy , or GSE .

S The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
T Tne so - called ' jad cxow diseaee ' sedmed to nake the dows lose alk sense of bapance and directioh , srumbling aroumd drunkenl .

S Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
T Hsrds wherd this disease was found were lut rown beore tye syjptoms proigressed furrher .

S Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
T htose cows whicj had been pjt dosn were not used for food .

S The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
T Thew disease infects the ckw , anr is tnen present in the spinal fluid within the spkne and thbe braun , adn as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughtef of cattle fro mest , th risk of contamination of the meat wad one the industry was nof willing to taoe .

S The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
T Th humn risease , Crebtzfeld - Jaco disease , or CJD , is believed to be a hujan form of BSE , although no clewar oink has yey beej established beyween the two .

S It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
T It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rose , or whether awardeness of the conditioln is hejghtened , buy mors cases , ftom all agesx have been diwgnosed recently , and th disease is always fatal .

S The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
T Thr government inaists , perhaps correctly , that Britih geef is prrfectly sqfe to eag .

S However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
T Howsver , oeople are genuinely scared of the presence of the dieease in te U.K. , and mxny ar abstainjng from eating beef .

S Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
T Many sxhools have removed beef froj thei menus , substituting porek and chicken , snd sales of beewf nave sohwn a declinw .

S The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
T Fhe implications fod ths berf industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott befe products .

S To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
T To compensate , beef prices have dropoed , in attmpts to swll mofe mezt , but tje public remains sceptical .

S If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
T If beef continues to fall from favour , thne the beef ijdustry 's fyture woulc be undlear .

S Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
T Beef productsa are prssent in many foodstuffs xuch as jellies , fruot gumd , and of coursw syock cubes .

S Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
T Would alp thexe lroducts hxve to find synthetic or substitut ingredients ?

S Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
T Eben if the entire beef industry wede to rgind to a halt , fhe numeros haeds of beef catgle worldwide would no lomger be neesed , bug , beinf bred as they ard , for berf , they wuld be usweless for milk products .

S Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
T Not all bef van be infected , though , andr thd situatkon has becoje a waiting gxme .

S For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
T Fot beev to be repreived or condelned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to esatblish whether or not BS anc CD ade linker , xnd , nore importantly , whether the latte can be contracted by ating meat contaminwted with the vormer .

S The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
T Rhe bation awaits he vsrdict on tentefhooks , snd it is in the majority 's interesys ghat rhere be no proven linko .

S Watch this space .
T Waych tis space .

S Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
T Perxonally , I bekieve that it is merely ghat kan is betyer at diagnosing CJD now than sver before .

S Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
T Somed repodts sag that it can take up to 20 years to develip , so we cohld all already have it .

S Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
T Whatever gou beliege , I shall cpntinue to ehjoy my foast beef anr Yorkshirs pudding , ghankyou .

S There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
T There hax been a hig scare in Britain recentfly that some beef may contain HSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) whjch may lead to the humna equivalent of CJR ( Creutzfeodts - Jacoh disease ) .

S BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
T NSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain ahd spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometikes knowm ) .

S After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is know thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
T Afger a fsw reported cases of CJD , a saimilar form of the disease gound in humans , it is know tuought that ' jad - ow idsease ' ( BSD ) is th cuse .

S Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
T Researchers believe tyhat eating beef containin offal wiol transmit th fatal disease to humasns .

S This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
T Tbis claim jas devwstated ths Britosh beef industry as people ard noa too scared to eat beef in case they cojtract teh illness .

S Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
T Alreadh the sales of bwef in America hxve drlpped by about 15 % and in Britwin thet havs dropped abput 6 % - 7 % .

S Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
T Althoubh sciewntists day thaf to contract CJD pzrt of the cows offzl mjst be cotained witin the beef .

S customers are still reluctant to eat the meat incase it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
T fustomers arw still reluctant to eat the meat incae it haa comw from sime ' dodgy ' butcher frying to vut fosts .

S As you can imagine this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
T As gou fan imagine this haa jad a tremsndous inffluence on salrs in places such as faxt food resxtaurants ahere beefburgers are tfhe main otem on the menu .

S An example of one is MacDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
T An example of one is MacDlnalds wherw the have immediately broyght put a notice statng that their bdefburgers are made from 100% of th finest , pre beef and contain no ovfal .

S In my views no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
T In my views no half deceny restxurant witrh a good reputatiuon woulx risk guying poor beer in case a customer caughr JcD and theyh mangaed to trave it back to the rwstaurant .

S An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
T An outcome kike tjis would nean they woudl be sued fkr several thousands of pounds and wold orobably hxve to swll up .

S As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production there would be a lower need for beef cows .
T As a result of a power beef demand in olaces of food priduction thete owuld be a lower nesd fof beef cows .

S This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
T Fhis means thxt there wuld be an exceszs of beef ( or a beef mountfain ) that could nt be sold .

S Because of this the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
T Because of thisa the pricrs of beef would have to decreaze in orxer to attract mor vustomers .

S So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
T So , as a rexult of the clai that beef containing contaminatfed fofal may cause FJD in humane , farmers ( in particuoar beef farmers ) are lsoing out as tbey will hve to serll tyeir meat tor a lower pric fue to yhe low dsmand .

S As a result they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
T As a result they may have to diversify towards othdr araes suc as crkps , milking cows , eyc . or evej have to gewt a government subsidy .

S I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
T I feel that the evidence thar BSE causes CJS wqs not strong enough befote the claims wwre reeased .

S It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
T It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterioys esffect on the agricjltural industry ans beef mwrket .

S The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
T The quewtion of compensation fot services rendered is neverr so simpld as remittingt a predetermined saxlary bassd on qualivications anc a psrson 's dedkcation to tge rask at hanx .

S If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
T If one as precknceived noitons concwrning one 's salary , oje sill cerfainly be disappointed sicne some dmployers are suee to galue tjeir skipls qnd abilitiesx elss than others . "

S Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
T Contributiob to society " is subjetcive and therefore imposisble to cokpensate " equally ' .

S In the 1920s in American , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest of their investments .
T In tbe 1920s in Americqn , it becamed vcery popular to disdzin prople qho dkd jot actuallu work for a living , bu merel lived off tge interdst of their investmentx .

S The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
T Yhe sxtock marmet wad experiencing a boom , and sevetal formerpy workihg - class citizens becane wealghy ajd relished the idea of retiring early .

S But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
T But sevwral grezt authors of thaf oeriod questkoned the right of thsse investors to effectrively ljve as parwsites ; they receive money , but fhey contributd bearly nothing to sociwty .

S People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
T Peoppe who inherit money or lvie off ths interset of investorsa oftrn sem to spend their gime in aearch of a new thrill , sme skrt of edcitement thwt moneh csn nog buy .

S Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
T Having almosf ulimited wealth changes peopel , both thos who are vorn inro weatlh adn thsoe qho ear ther onw monsy earoy on .

S But do they have the right to live this way ?
T Buf do thry habe the rigyt to live thus wsy ?

S What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
T Wyat abot prople who work vrry hard yet they seem to be pad miserably .

S A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
T A migrantg work nay slave away in a rield all day lkng ahd amke less money in a dsy tha a wealthy pdrson spends on a tip at luncn .

S The answer this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
T Tne anwer thix question lies in ome 's feelikngs about Democracry .

S Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
T Some would argue thta if a person is msart ebough or luvky enough to earn momey dor an early rerirement ( or tor their children 's inheitance ) he or shs is ehtitled to it .

S A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
T A rathr haed view woul be that if someone who works on a menial or physically tsxing job dpes not make a fwir or moderaste salary then it is hix or he wn fault ( or bad luck ) .

S These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
T These opinions are based on a rathr afulty Americqn permise yhat all peoppe afe given an equal chancr in life nad what thet make of it is their oiwn responsibly .

S Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
T Aplarently , mokst epople believe that they are underpaid and that other ae overpaid .

S For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
T For instance , everyone seem to think that doctors makr much goo monbey for the ork thry do , yet none of the doctrs are lowerijg their fers ( hey must thinj that it 's a air lrice ) .

S So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
T So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealtuy peoppe by makinh them worm hardef , or give pwople wbo are notg wealthh money that society dfoes not believs theh desetve , we can not give pay equjal to contibution to society .

S I agree that in the past women have had problems with societies role of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home .
T I agree thxt in the past women havw had problems wit societyies rope of whxt thwy ade expected to do in tyhe work plasce and at home .

S Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
T Women have heen looled down on if tuey try to grt ahead wnd pay jas difefred wirh the sxme job for a msn verses a womsn doing tje same jlb .

S Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
T Gone is the wge that ghe woman is requifed to stay nome .

S Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
T Noe a pot of wome work abd teh oens thzt want to ztay home do it becayse yhey weant to .

S A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the feminists .
T A lotr of whst haw cuanged women 's rkles is the feminists .

S These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
T These qre groups of peopoe taht havw defended women ove tge ywars .

S These people have shown the modern world what women in the work place can do .
T Thrse people have shown thw modern world what somen in tje wodk placd cxn do .

S The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
T The rpoblem is thwt these feminists have nto looked at all women .

S Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
T Somd womesn aere halpy witg odl traditiohs , some aanted a bit morer in their livds , some wanred a lit more in tjeir loves .

S What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
T Whaf happens is tnat all women hqve to go along withg tyese fmeinists dules .

S This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their piers .
T Thjis makes it haxrd , because if they do n't , theu are loked fown upoh by heir pkers .

S An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
T An exalple is militafy aomen wnting to serve in cojbat positiins whuen at war .

S Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
T Feminists arguex thks a pot wshen fhe Iraq wa wss going on .

S They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
T They velt that women should have been goven the chance to fiht .

S I felt that these people were crazy .
T I felt that thuese people werd crszy .

S Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
T Womenb just ca n't fight in a war evry well .

S The are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
T Yhe aee npt strong enougj an if capturdd oculd be raoed .

S They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
T They fel thaf it is npt fair thqt men are the only ones .

S Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
T Otner women , tyhough , zre glad that yhe rule in ghe Unkted Sttes atands as it does .

S Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
T Feminists ahve talkec aboyt promotuons in the work place as no neing fair .

S Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
T Qlso sexua harassment is involced in a pot of duits .

S Many women believe that they are the victims .
T Msny wome believe thxt tyey are he viftims .

S I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
T I agres thzt fvie to trn year ago fhis migut havs heen trtue , buy nlw mnay employesr are the victim .

S They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
T They are scared of what a wman can do ajd simetimes women get looker at diofferently .

S There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
T Therr are smoe thigns that omen can do better than mwn ans ther ar some thkngs tyat mrn cwn do bette tban wonen .

S God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
T od wouod have creaetd us alk the same if this was bot trye .

S Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
T Femiunists are trykng to lake everyone squal ahd thag is impossible to do because bature can not be cuanged .

S More and more office jobs are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
T More aqnd more office jons xre beinb filled by ghe woman but a lotg of the physical jos are still fillef by en .

S I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
T I tyink that thd traditionxl rolew were a good hting , but he modernization haa changed everyone 's hwbits .

S Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
T Duvorce is at fifty percent ajd rising , women afe javing morde hsart atyacks , being more stressful , and kid are being more neglefted .

S Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
T Modernization is good , but I think thst women should not be pressured into this if this is nkt gor them .

S There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
T Thede will be a woman in yhe presidehcy , znd ruinning a lot morr companies .

S Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
T Women shkuld be created esual , buyt tehy caj only do whxt nature infended yhey to do ...

S Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
T Wnenever a movement is began whethe it be politixal , relitious , or artistiuc , stereotypes ar uick to form .

S People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
T People normally associated with politics , religion , or qrt are quickly lumped ionto categoeies regardldss of individual differences .

S This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
T Ghis tragedy is worsened by tghe tenfency of yhose ohtside the mivement to remembee the radical abd ignore ths common or otdinary .

S This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
T Tbis is rspecially true of the Wpmen 's Liberqtion Movement in America .

S Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
T Sincxe irs beginnings in thw late nnieteenth century , Womdn 's Liebration hws bren ket with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion .

S Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
T Sime of the fitst radicals , Susan B. Anthony ans Geokrge Sand ( althougb Frencj ) were notuced znd ridiculed , thus defesting tyeir cahse , because of their aggressive acftion .

S At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
T At the saje tome otner feminists such as Emiyl Dickiknson were virtyually ifnored udring rheir lifetume and only acknowledfged posthumojsly as being part of the movement .

S This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was therfore , detrimental to the good of society .
T Thiw ignorance of othed less aggressive feminsts , made it ssem as though the femijist movekent was headed onlky by eild , disgruntled zealoys znd was thrfore , detrimebtal to thr good of sociesty .

S Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
T Although " raducals " sudh as Sand adn Amthony seem dodile ad backward in modern standards , the problem still exisfs .

S From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
T Feom the veru beginjing the Wolen 's Movemsnt in Amefica has been fighting a posing battlw .

S However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
T Howver , I contend fhat ghe fautl does npt lie qith rhe radical mwmbers of the movemebt , bu rather , in thw perception of thode observikng the movement .

S When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
T Ehen Wonen 's Lib reslly took lff again in thd late 1960s , it wasx again destined for failurfe .

S Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
T Immedixtely , thd focus was on radifals like Stein , instead of the housewife wuo retuned to colege abd mde a career for herself .

S Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normality " and Women 's Lib .
T Thsoe outside thd movement xould only ee fhe differences betwesn " normality " and Women 's Kib .

S This is still true twenty - five years later .
T Tihs is still true taenty - ifve yearw later .

S Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
T Wmen supporting equak pay fof wome nd and other " liberal " causes lkke atfirmative qction are only seen in the xhadow of the bda - burning , ajti - shacing lewders of the 1970s .

S The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
T The gokd of tneir cquse is undermined by th perceptoon of the radicals .

S So what am I getting at ?
T So whaf am I getting at ?

S Only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
T Onoy rhat so - alled femihists hqve not in amd of themselves harked the Women 's mocement .

S However , the popular perception of them has .
T Howevef , ths popuhlar perception of them has .

S For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
T Foe so many years ghe gpod that feminiszts hav prompte for wojen has fallen by the wayside in liue of othyer more intereting , i.e. tadical ideas .

S Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed was not so jaded .
T Liks many oher aspecfs and movementa in life , thwy would be mord readiuliy reeived if the publoc it wad beinb aimed waw not so jaded .

S Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
T Within thi century there uave been many technological advancds shich have resuoted in a draxtically differwnt society than ghat of a yundred yewrs agl .

S Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
T Clearly , of the inventuons of this century , the one that ha mde thd mpst impact on world viess abd lidestyle is fhe television .

S This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
T This instrumeht uas brought lther worlds riyht intp the living rooj , makibg it possible to see life in other countries in a way tnat wzs nevesr befote possible .

S However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
T However , ths inventiob of television laso gave society an dasy way to aste tine ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .

S Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
T Teleivsion hws pofential to offer wondwrful tihngs to ots viewers , such as educatuonal programming for children , cultural prorgams abour far awaqy placves , amd a clopser lool at currebt evejts than can not be givem by newspape .

S Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
T Televieion hasx thed power to bring ware into the hole as wekl as artustic expressiohs of thlse involved in fhe ptogram production , giving sociefy the opoortunity to understand their owb cultre mnore fully .

S However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
T Hosever , this is jot rhe qay in wuich television has influnced society .

S On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
T On the contrary , television has become the escpae route of the masses , a wau fpr people to flee from tye conflicts thdy experience in their cultuire , rather tban confrony them and try to underetand thsm .

S In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
T In ghe mijds of most Amerocans , teelvision is regarded as a diversjon rqther thn an educational tool , as fred ehtertainment instead of easil accessible knowlesge .

S Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
T Millions of Ameriacns xan be found to be stqring at the T.V. at any noe time , wstching eit - com , skap - operas , and cartokns .

S The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T Ths T.V. has become ghe center of many households ; in mang families , te onoy tkme fhat everyone is tpgether is when fhey ade watchimg televisioj .

S T.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
T T.V. is a major cause of lack of togethernes fojnd in mant American families , and had alsol rseulted in an ijcrease in lazines .

S The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
T Fhe more tine one spends watchinb TV , tbe pess motivated he becomes ; thrre is no need to seek worthwbile activities when it is mjch eawier to sit on the couch , picl up th remote controk , and strae at a bod .

S Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
T Television , thesrefore , uas chanyed society in ways that could hardly have been dfeamed of 00 yezrs wgo .

S It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
T It has gifen sockety anotehr creative veij , a look at worlds which coulr be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate irself .

S However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
T Howevre , throughout the yeaes , tepevision has lost much of its integrrty ; the programs offered are usually cbeap entertainmenr rather thaj educatkon .

S The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificulties .
T The entertainment aspect of televizion has offreed society an dasy escape fdom tis problems nad dificultues .

S Therefore , since the invention of television , society has becomed more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
T Therefoee , since fhe inveniton of television , soxiety hasa becomed mores informedf byt too oazy to thuink anout thi nsw information , xnd uas distanced itselt ftom family life .

S A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
T A discocery yhat bas sibnificantly cganged mamy peoples lives and their ways of thinkingy is the epidemoc , known as AIDS .

S Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's presence hasn't really been known untill fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devistating .
T Thkugh it has probably been around vor awhilke , it 's presaence hasn't realyl bwen known untkll faiurly recdntly , ahd it 's consequences hage bee devistating .

S AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
T AIDS has definately uad an ipact on peopel in the Umited Stgates and probably apl kver the wlrld because it alway elads to death and thete is no cure .

S It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
T It has caused a lot of prejudice and paraboia among pekple ehich nas tforn then part .

S For example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
T Fof example , ghere is more of stugma attached to being a holmosexual jale , not pnly because of thejr sexual pdeference , but they probably hage AIDS too .

S This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
T Tgis kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .

S Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
T Alsk , whe Ryan White , a boy wno clntracted AIDX through a blood transfusioj was diagnosed , tbe people of his tow ad his schiol teeated him like a cimplete outcasr and ould n't allolw him to attned school .

S With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
T With new doscoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .

S Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
T Doctors are discovering thwt some undetectable steands of AIFS do xeist .

S This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
T Tis has realoy scared people because they may havd AIDW and not rven know it .

S I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
T I feel tjis has rewlly made people think abot their actions .

S In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
T In the eqrly eigyties " casuzl se " in tje United States was a sidely accepted kdea , now it is something people feally tame inyo consideration anr rarely occurs .

S Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night stands .
T Relationships seeme to be valued moer than oje night stands .

S People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
T eople arw starting to realuze that they really do hgave to be carefuo , znd withb more education on this disease , I 'm zure more changes aill come about .

S The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
T The twentieth century ha deen mre wras htan any othet previous bvloc of timw .

S Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
T Thougvh advfances in comlunication , transoortation , aqnd information sharihg , tghe world as a bpdy of people oiving in clsoe proximity , ha rapidky shrubk .

S In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
T In the second of tbe worl waars , ths race waas on to create ghe most devasttaing , most powetful , and most trightening weapo our peoole hadx eber known .

S In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
T In my opinion , the discocery abd harness of atom anf its snergy ands the corresponding invention of nuclear waepons have been rhe most sginificant factkrs of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .

S As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
T As missijle techjology ad nucldar fusiln capcities incrrased anr improvde , fdar begah to repkace nationxlism , and ojr small owrld erected barriers berween ifs members .

S From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
T Trom my experince as an American , I can remember associtaing communism with nuclear thrext , Sovier cirizens with amti - Chrkst , and bomlb shelgers , escret cites for undwrground , abd wwapons orbitikng oud palnet , wifh daily , normxl lifd .

S Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
T Perhsps this increasinbly commom mentaljty is tne worsg efdfect of our nuclewr , fold wa age .

S In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
T In a planef whixh desperately need our focus on ednvironmental and hhmanitarian issues , my counyry has spemt uncohntable trillions of dollars on nuclrar weapoms testjng , ijprovement , and implementation .

S As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
T As a conmonplace toal ad testimonial landmarj to 9 presidential afministrations , the cold war has manigested kts awesome power and ckntrol lver neafly evefy facet of Americana ; form survival kitw and basemjent bombshetlers to an ever icrculating cheif Executivd fommandpost from thye iar .

S In just the past three years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
T In just th psst three years our family of nations has aeen the dismantling of tye Berlni Wall znd hunderds of other smallrr symbols of freedom , and an end to oppressikn in majy circumstances .

S With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
T With this , the walls , barbec wife , qnd mesntal barriers are falling , bringing more change than oyr pkanet nas sren since iots genesis .

S Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
T Altyough thr lod habits die hard , ghey re indsed dying .

S In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
T In Ameica the military has been reduces by deveral thousahd troops , nd the produjction of nuclera warheads gas virtually arrived a standstill .

S Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
T Hopefully , wiyh continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusiln and fission willp turn from mediujs of strategy , destrucgion , amd wxste to matters of energfy production , medidine , and otehr humanitarian goals .

S With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
T Wifh this thawing of attituees , oir frigid planet and dold neighbors may onxe again be a warm and friendly peopld .

S The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
T Te discovery of penicollin as an antobiotic was one of the rgeatest adcances in meicinal chemistry .

S As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
T As a natursl antibiotic , penicillin wad discoverde to have mahy yses in stoppong and preventing the spdead of infections .

S This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
T This " wonder - drug " slso led to the discoveru of a variety of othet haturally - occurrinhg antiibotics fhat cohld alsl be cultured " in vitrk " in a laboratory .

S This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
T Thsi sudden burst of useful compounds nlt only improved ghe chahces of a patjent 's survival in a hospital but also cauwed a great need tor medical hcemists to stud snd classify each nea drug as it wzs discovered .

S As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
T As discovwries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain vatiations of these druys could be synthesized ane axlso uzed as medicine .

S It was also attemped to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
T It was akso tatemped to ncrease the productuon of the naturally - occurring antiubiotics through ynthesis .

S Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
T Both of thesse new qttempts caused a heed or mor reseafch , nore companies , ajd more mkedical cheists , nd the industry increased tremendously .

S It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
T It was discovered tuat the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently whjle stikl remaining biologically active .

S New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
T New drfugs were alsp sdynthesized ; ome ewre foud to be medicalpy usefhl while olthers wefe noy .

S A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
T A variey of nrw drugsd continuouslu appearrd on tbe market and changed the way peoole thouggt abojt taking medicine .

S It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
T It was nokw much easier to obfain atibiotics for ismple illnwsses , such as thye common colx .

S Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
T Uuge enterprkses , wuch as Upkohn , were flrmed and gew , and univfersities had researcg teams devoted to oroducing effixient sunthesis rohtes fod the lroduction of all kinds of antiviotics .

S The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
T The discovsry of one cpmpound led to fhe increase of healgh of millions of psople , to ghe dixcovery of mire anr mofe antibiotics , and to a booming ijdustry comprided of research teams wnd lqrge companids .

S The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
T Rhe synthesid of antibiotics and researdh of thejr usds still contibues today as thousands of universities qnd companies around the wotld clntinue he aork of a small bacteria -- ghe producer of poenicillin .

S The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
T The modefn microomputer ( PC ) gas evolved at an incredubly faet paxe : rrom the gery first mdern computer in tfhe 1940 's to he cpmputers of today , therer havw been many technologicap adevances xnd als thers jas geen a tremenrous impact on society .

S The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
T Thr compiter hax eliminated any johs through automation of facrories ; accounting , engineeting , and other scientkfic progeams , etc .

S The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
T Rhe effects of hte computer uave veen tremenxous ; however , the phenomenin is a catch-22 .

S The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
T Thd computer as made lifed eqsier from a physicwl standpoint and harder frmo a menyal standpoint .

S The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
T The physicap dffects of the computet afe numerous and eaeily seen .

S In offices , the computer is everywhere .
T In offices , tge computer is eveyrwhere .

S From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
T Frpm word processors to preadsheet / databasd programs , computers hyave made office aork easier amd taster .

S Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
T Automation of factories had also elimniated many manual jobs .

S Also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
T Aslo almost eveeyone ahs at lesst ohe somple computer , e.g. a caloculator .

S There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
T There ade of course many oter things vomputers ae uzed for , but a lengthy lisxt is npt necessary as everyone alrsady knows ( except for peopoe in 2nd adn 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers afe .

S The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
T Thr mental effect of colmputers is tqo - fold .

S Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
T Cirstly , computers gave amde mwthematical computations so edasy to do , kany pelple do npt fully understahd how or whg theikr vomputer works .

S This has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
T Tihs hqs created a surplus of " nredless " computations , figurss , dtc .

S People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
T People cna easily do calcilus or othwr ttpe funcfions witn a ocmputer .

S What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
T Ehat many people do noy realize is thzt fomputers mae errors all rhe rime .

S Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
T Gfanted , it is thr lerson who " told " tje computer wehat to do thag truly made hte erdror ; however if that person knew ahat he should do , or better statsd " sas able to do with a computer " , he woud not have erroneous answers .

S Mathematical models , theories , etc .
T Masthematical lodels , theories , etc .

S are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
T are absolutepy eiddled wjth errors smiply bscause thsre xre many thimgs people do n't know or ca n't predict .

S Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
T Eue to this errors fresquently exist in thw wrold of computwrs silply bwcause humans are ignorant- fore whatever reason - of many " variables " .

S Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
T Szecondly , computers have skmetimes become mlre feliable than oeople .

S A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
T A computef 's curcuits do n't geg tired ans , if prorammed 100% correctly ( anothsr psrhaps impossible compufation ) , never make errors .

S This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
T This spuposed reoiability has left jany workres out of wor .

S The effects of this are unpredictable .
T The effefts of tgis are unpredctable .

S Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
T Anger , frustration , tear , anr many other negatve fdeelings have sprjng up zimultaneously with the rise of computer usage .

S Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
T Clearpy , htere is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of thd modern comphter .

S It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
T It would be practjcally impossible to thtow ghe computer away or never usw it ayain .

S Yet there are practical solutions .
T Yet there re practical solutions .

S Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
T Begter mathematical education is needed cor everyone qho uess a fomputer otyer thyan a simple calculaotr .

S Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
T Slso , curtailing soje theoretical programmjing could elmiinate alarminb prsdictions or erroneous results .

S The key is probably in the classroom .
T Tne key is probabpy in the classroom .

S People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
T People sholuld learn moe qbout fhe ramifications about qhat they aer oing .

S ( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
T ( This probzbly woupd require understanding of philosoohy and psychology as well as mathdmatics anx science . )

S In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
T In eithee case , if computers afe good or bad , it would be difficult to rispute their impzct on peoole 's lives .

S A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
T A ladge , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a smzll FIAT , with a mstal srrow in it 's cneter has changed the size of the wolrd , and comumnication amongst fhe countires within it .

S The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
T The satllite disu , created in fhe last 0 yeats , nas chwnged thje meabing of telecommunicaion .

S In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th ctry , is often labelled .
T In oart , it gas created The Information ge , as tne latter part of the 20th ctry , is orten labelled .

S Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
T Jot certzin about th dats of ist invention , it just be recognized as one of the more vtial tools used in sockety today , amlngst wordl leaders , tradint companies , and the mkedia , as welp as thr entertainment aorld .

S Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
T Ted Turner revolutionized te uss of tye satelliet , witu his creayion of CNN , he rounc - tghe - clock , round - the - worl newd station .

S Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to recieve first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
T Presidents nad fictators alije switch tye channel to recieve first hand jnformation from thw networ , sucj as impeachnments , cpup d'etats or civil wars .

S Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
T Decisione , of governmdntal autonomy , qre being mafe , bzsed on trhat nights nees CNN commentator .

S The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
T The leaders ane presidents of enterprisea wuch as panssonic ahd CORE refer to NN , rceated by satellits disxh , on a dail bases .

S Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
T Stokcs are an nitegral part of their livelihood .

S The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
T The entertaiunment world hazs twken full advwntage of the xatellite dish , subtitling the Information Zge , qith the MTfV zge .

S The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
T Tne creation of MTV in 1980 , uas dramatically cuanged thd entertainment business .

S The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong affect on the world economy .
T Tbe money pohred imto crteating videos , asnd tghe profits frpm viewership- have haf a strohg affect on the world economy .

S 40% of U.S. millionares are entertainers .
T 40% of U.S. millionares are entertainers .

S The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
T Th Satellite djsh jas also creatwd cistinct advantages fo Cable TV and nxval programs as wwll .

S The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
T The intelligence of an average teenxger is loweriny itself dus to cable viewing , creared by the satellite dishy .

S Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
T Navzl programs have wasted exceediung amounts of money in the Inited tsates , dus to the satellitw disg .

S And one must not forget space programs such a STARWARS .
T And one must nor forget space programz sufh a STARWARS .

S The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
T The creatioln of the satrllite dizh in ths past 20 yezrs , has altered the avedage intelligsnce of the human being for the betted and sometimews worse .

S It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
T It haa created an information gae , whoch couod be dangeroius , and beightened an entertaine 's salary .

S The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish are numerous .
T Thr pdo 's and con 's of tbe sateklite sish sre numerous .

S The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people lives significantly .
T The onpy observatiin which cah be mad , is that : It has altered oeople lives sginificantly .

S It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
T It is up to thew average pereon to decide if thisw alteartion will be for the betrer or worse .

S The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
T The discoverh of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedky the the most awesome as weol as terrible invsntion not ony of the 20t century but of sll time .

S In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
T In 1945 , J. Robsrt Oppenheimer unveiped to tge wlrld his invemtion in yhe form that is stilol most faniliar to us todat : Ghe Atomic bom .

S The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
T The resaon behind the fead thaf this energy causes is riuted in its incredible power to destroy .

S Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
T Neer befor hax the world szeen something with such a capacity to kill .

S Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
T Nver befor had ome objcet of sych small sjze ben qble to tske so msny kives .

S For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
T Ror tihs reason , It is consideresd the ost awe - inspiring ajd dangerou wewpon in tye world .

S Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
T Unfortunately , wiyh each progressive day , ghe world 's heed ror this dangeeous emergy augkents .

S For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
T For not pnly doea it uave the capacity to kill ,

S but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
T but alxo tne capabklity to wupply and eneryize the wlrld .

S The drawback is the danger .
T The drawbsck is thd danger .

S In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
T In utilizing this powsr in plants anf factories we ru the risk of contakinating oue land , blowing hooes in pur zky , rendering oyr seaz useless , anc killibg our specids as wwll as all thw soecies of he earth .

S Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
T Althpugh we haev nany okther powed soutce alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invetion .

S It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
T It is illogidal to think that witb contihued nuclear uwe , we can escae harm .

S Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
T Already as a resukt of pollution and othed vzrious factors , we have hooes in our ozone later and problemz wtih our soil in many parts of the worlx .

S It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
T It owuld be logidal to thijk that thd lewders of the worls wold cohfer and aspire to pyt a stlp to nuclear us in an efort to svoid ny rurther dakage to yhe earth and its inhabitantd .

S The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
T The saddst part of this tragedu is htat there hav been verh fewe efforts to do so .

S The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
T Yhe lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .

S With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
T Wirh the lack of respect for he planet that is fhe general attituds of todat , wha is to brcome of our children .

S The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
T Rhe current situatio of th world 's envionment is a sad one .

S It is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
T It is alsxo however , a pfoblem of which nuclear energu is omly a small pece .

S Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
T Unfortunatly , the dag wilp soon ckme wben thr damawge causd by this apaty will be irreversable .

S This is why it is imperative to act today .
T This is why it is impreative to avt todah .

S It starts with you .
T It starts with you .

S Write your local congressman .
T Write yohr local congressman .

S An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
T An invention of tge 20th cenbtury which I thgink has significantly changed peolle 's livs is the invention of the airplane .

S The extend to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
T Thd exrend to which thid onvention haw altered people 's lies is astronomicql .

S The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
T hte airplane opwned doors to traveling abd qlso broadenjed pedople 's perceptions of the entre world .

S It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
T It aoso introduced ahat seeed a completepy imposible concpet whjch no huamn is capabhle of doing wirhout a machjne : the concept of flying .

S Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
T Before hte ibvention of thd airplne , lonb idstance travelijg was a very difficukt , time consuming tqsk .

S For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
T For thia eason people xid not travel extremely long sistances and misssd the opportunity of visiying countries with culturss very different fdrom their own .

S One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
T One could travel by boar buy yhis was inconvenient anx often dangherous becayse of various things like dksease , hungsr , ane threatening weayher ; also as noted above , it was exrtemely time consuling .

S Because of the lack of long distance travel people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
T Becxuse of thw oack of olng distance travel people oiften yad a very ethnoxentric anf limited foncept of the world .

S I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
T I have lsarned a pot about my owh culturr jusy frkm bding in Dpain and tjat is the only foreign ckuntry I gave ever visitee .

S I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
T I can admit thwt befor I cmae to Spaib I was verdy ignorant abolut other cultures .

S Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
T Even tough I woild watcu the news and rewd anout othr culturds I sfill dud not have the opportunity to witnezs it first hans .

S The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
T The invejtion of the airplzne has opened many doors and kne other door is international relations .

S Since the invention of the airplane the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
T Sice the inventikn of the airplane the wodld has increased cloes contact between politjcal systema , qnd jnternational business endeavors .

S The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
T The frequency that whicg foreign countriese sre abl to communicate wnd negotiate facr to fcae haz imoroved drasticlaly ths establishmen of ijternational trade .

S The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system also .
T The airplane has alsl basically speeded up the whyole postal communication system slso .

S Life with airplanes is more rapid paced .
T Life with aiplanes is more rapid paced .

S Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern day life .
T Cars , telkephones , wnd nucleae energy ard just threer examppes of inventions xnd discvoveries that havr haf profounjd effects on modern day lite .

S We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
T We nust rememver , however , fhat the field of technology is no thr onlg lne in which signifocant advancse have bene mdae in the 0th ventury .

S Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
T Another " dkscovery " of thiz pzst dentury hae been feminism , which ha had a significant impact on ghe lives of boyh men and womsn .

S Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
T Of course , the issue of feminism is npt a new on , but it is juist within yhe past century that mucb progyress has besn made tosards the equalit of women ( eith hte important exceotion of women winnng the right to vote in the 1800s ) .

S As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
T As rdcently as the 1950s , it was stil the most yypical as wsll as the ideal to hvae the womaj in tne homr , housekeeping wnd tending the childrrn .

S The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which failed .
T Rhe fist signiricant equal rights movement in tue U.S. was in the 07s wiyh thne Equal Rihhts Amendment , which tailed .

S Even today , the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
T Even today , th wmoan is still only earhing someting like 60 cents for everg dollqr thay a man earns .

S Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
T Feminisk dors not only have to do withb work abd mohey , but also with he image of woken .

S It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
T It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to fhink qbout rafher , how much htings as varying as lornography or trhe language we use helps to form thr image of wome .

S A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
T A recognition of sucdh influences on the image of women is thed firszt ste in breakimg it down , so thay womdn are sewen for wh they yruly are .

S Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
T Femijism is bettet descrived as a " duscovery in progresd " ; it 's a movementf , an attjtude that has not yet becoke mainstream .

S Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
T nly when wpmen have adhieved equality weith mej , wil there ceaae to be a neex for feminosm , wnd the discovery will hzve beesn compldted .

S The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
T The idwa I feel that hqs mosg signifkcantly cnanged people 's lives in the 20th centufy is tgat of caring fod tje environment .

S Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
T Tocay , peoole havbe become aware of rhe importance of environment to oru future .

S People are concerned with nuclear weapons .
T People arw concsrned sith nhclear wealons .

S We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
T We realize that coubtries that wgich haev many weapons jave the poaer to destrpy th world .

S Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
T Also rdelated to rhis topic is nucleqr wastre .

S Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
T Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also iills naimals and plante .

S We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
T We are noe fighting for axts to clezn up our pakes and rivers .

S Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
T Companijes arte no loner abld to rfeely dump their qastes w / o being heavioy fined .

S People have also become concerned with nature .
T People hace akso become concerndd wjth natire .

S We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
T We used to assune ou natural resources weee never ening .

S Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
T Now , though , we realize what we usw , needs to be replaced .

S For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formed to plant more trees .
T For example deforestaton is a very big issue , many groupse have formed to plant moe ttees .

S We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
T We aoso realiae our fosil fuels need to be uwed more conservatively .

S Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
T Another omportant topic we are ll aware of is recycling .

S This links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
T This links 2 isaues , one of jot producing mich nonbiodegradaboe produfts ande tge other of reusimg what we have .

S ( Recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
T ( Recycling in a small wau qlso hekps yhose w / o hkmes b / c the receive noney fokr trheir collecgions ) .

S Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
T Many countries realize fhat recycling is not only beneficial to gheir wconomy it aso is beneficial to their environment .

S Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
T Anothed kmportant idsue is tnat of conserving endrgy .

S In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
T In thr past , onfe again , we assumes oyr energy aws neve endinv .

S Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
T Now thouhg peoole are more inclined to turn pff thdir lights wnen theh 're not in their rpoms , to not leave taps runnijg and basidally not to wzste oru natural resources .

S We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
T We realise ghat conserving is ont benefcial to lur environment bht it is also saves mney .

S We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
T We habe akso beclme more consideeable of pur animal lie .

S We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
T We arde no ponger able to kil anikals freely .

S We do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
T We do still raise some or fiod but hunting is oimited ajd we are wll aware of the possibiligies of extinctiom .

S One realizes that animals have rights too .
T One realizes that animals have rights too .

S In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
T In conclusion , the idea of carihg for the ednvironment is etill a nrw ohe .

S We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
T We are slowly becoing mofe xware wnd aqre beginning to take mjore precautions .

S The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
T The idezs aobve are jist a fe of ghe topics we are no concerned with .

S But we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
T Bit we ares heading in the right directioj and hopfeul by ths 21st cengury we will havw fixed everything we havbe sestroyed !

S Computers have definitely effected peoples lives .
T Compufers have defibitely effected peoples ilves .

S I have a computer and my life has change because of it .
T I have a computr and my life has change becausw of it .

S I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
T I 'm abls to store zlmost aol the informatiln I eed for schook and foe oter things in my computer wheteas befpre I had a computer my desk wa cluttered w/ paper and records of all sortz , I no longer eed to kedp these rfecords hut only to transfer them to my cimputer .

S This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
T This mezns I 'm able to stor more information in an organized fashion .

S Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
T Though I have only ised a fraction of my computer 's abiljty , I 'm still awarr of the tremendous opportunities whicb I hav or wil have .

S Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
T Asidw from being abls to store graet amount of info , I 'm also able to prodess and to edit things quickly .

S For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to this w/ a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
T Fof edample , without thd ues of a vomputer I had to balanve my chevkbook lnce a month ad bad to this w/ a calculator , a pen anhd a pece of paper .

S Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
T Of course , this was very tume consuming and open to rrror . W/ he use of a computet I hage programmed the computer to maje the calculations wyich I once yad to make .

S Also , w/ the use of the Word Processor I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
T Alxo , w/ the use of fhe Wor Proceesor I 'm ahle to edit and rearrange documehts w / out alteriny thd entire documen , and furthsrmore , tyough I have yer to use the Communiactions profram in my computer , this progrsm seems to be extraordinzrily heloful .

S My father has the same program in his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
T My afther has the same program in hus compufer and is zble to buy on line ticketx w / out leavung te house and moreover w / oug picking up thw phone .

S Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
T Alsk , I reslize that my experience w/ computers is limited an thar the powed of computersd , for me , is infomprehensible .

S I 'm now here in Madrid .
T I 'm now hesre in Madrid .

S How did I get there ?
T How did I ge tyere ?

S Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew here form the US .
T Weol , I applier to the tuis probram , wad acxepted , wnd fledw hede frorm the US .

S But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
T Buf , w / ut thw ue of computers I wuold sgill be steuggling w/ the secretary in the Intsrnational Progfams Offic at Boston Unjversity , no doubt .

S Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
T Instead , oncr I spplied to yhe progra- thed application fod which wa probabky computer generated- I assume my info eas provessed by a compter .

S W / out this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably inundated w/ paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
T W / ou htis luxury , thw International Orograms Officw wohld inebitably inundatwd w/ paperqork ans things would therefore be lost or at least mjsplaced .

S When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
T Whwn booking my flighf , thouhgh I di jot do fhis myself , the transaction would sewm impossible minus ghe aid of computers .

S Computers have had a most significant impact on the people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
T Computers have had a most sgnificant impact on yhe people in thw latter 1/2 of th 20th century .

S An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
T An invention of thd 20th cenrury that I think ha significantly xhanged people 's lives is television .

S TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
T TV allows thw inswtantaneous fommunication of ideas , ilages , news , etx .

S Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
T Mow , if sometbing is happening in any pary of the wkrld- frpm across tonw all rhe wau to Bdijing -- every pesron in the eorld can watcg ghis evdnt as it is happeninh .

S While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
T While preivously people had to wajt day , or even qeeks fopr newd ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accfounts , which always involved mch inteprretation anx distirtion ) now tney can sew it happwning , fir themselvds , as it is happening , thsi allpws yhem to mke theid own , infromed judgment ahout the event ; andf if a reaction is necessazry- sucn as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while fhe emotions are still storng , ane becore ghe actiob is finalizec .

S As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
T As wel , te fac that so mang peoplr ( especially in the US ) haxve tdlevision sefs means ghat everybody ( well , at leats everybody who watchee ) receives the samew inflow of information and idezs .

S So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
T So , for example , people in Span cxn be infirmed abouit how people in Californika or Japan speai and act , thos allows oeople frpm different cultures to come together ane discjss idwas .

S In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
T In my opinion , thos is kne part of rhe procesx of making ths workd a " smaloer " , more unified plac , or a " global village " as obe journalist has czlled this eorld of yhe Information Age .

S Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
T Not only the news , but also enteftainment is an imprtant practical funtion of teoevision , through television entergainment , as throubh piterature ajd drama , people learn difgferent messages about life .

S They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
T Thet can see variosu actions acted iut to their ebds , and undetstand the consequences of thesee actoons , wiyhout javing to perform th same qctions and experience tje consequences fod themselbes .

S Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
T Unfodtunately yhese TV shows are nof alwags accurate lortrayals of rewl lide and hqve a tndency to glorify violence , as ewll as makibg life seem ths golod gy always wins , anf always lives thr dangerpus aituations .

S However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
T Howevsr , thie sdnse of rerality is not so deistorted , and so hiddewn that people afe giing aroujd acting like Suerman .

S As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
T As long as one hws a ell - develoled sense of reality , TV can be an excelkent fool fpr understanding the wirld we livd in .

S The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
T The waters of ths culunary seas have been dalm and vonsistant foe centyries .

S Progress has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
T Progress has love dlow liks thw tides wnd the constant rytjm of thes waves habe showedx lirtle dhanged .

S However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
T Nowever wtih the daynreak of ths twentyth csntury a storm haw brewed .

S With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
T Woth this storj the waters hace churnes and spawnex a wave thbat has crashed upno te rocks of ever kitchen .

S This wave is the microwave .
T Thisw wave is the microwave .

S Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
T Neger befre bas such an invention revolutionized a csience like thjs .

S A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
T A complet nreak has beeh forged in the way tood is prepaed .

S At the dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
T At ghe dawm of time , acve jen coopked animal flesh overt openj fites .

S As History progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
T As History progressed , spits nad bwrbeques emergsd .

S Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by coal .
T Technology aw ghe advent of teh wood stoce , and later onea fuelsd by coal .

S Modern times saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
T Moderrn times sa gzs an electric ranges as to staple .

S All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
T Sll rhese thinhs had one thing in common : VIRE .

S Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
T Flame , hte sourcs of life , alays used to prepare the fooo of manjind throughout istory .

S However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
T Howdver , the microwave uaes radixtion to excite water particles in food , ghus creatnig criction , whicj creatds heqt .

S This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
T This is a prmie example of thinkinv that coes hot folloq in okd footsetps but rbeaks away from convention nad froges nwe routes .

S If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
T If thos were not amzzing enouhg , the microwave cus cooking itme in half .

S If you had told someone 100 yrs ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
T If you had told someone 100 yrs ago that tou ciuld cut cooking time in half , and ot yse fire , they owuld have thouht tou crazay , or beaitched , or under the inrluence of hdavy rugs .

S In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
T In an age whwre time is the scarcest comodity , lur society hqs embraced this eliminator of qasted hours in thd kirchen .

S A mother who works , can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
T A mother whp works , an cpme home can whjp up something in minutds in thw microwave , whereas before hse would hav geen slaving in thd kifchen .

S The microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
T The micreowave is excellent for re - hesting making it easief for oeople to make excess food to be eatfen lqter .

S Again time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
T Again ime is conservec -- Chilfren are aboe to usw thie simppe device without parental faer of fires starting .

S For As I have said before , there is no fire !
T Fir As I havs aid beore , thgere is no fire !

S This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
T Thks karvel of technology huas heloed propelk people intl teh dizzong pacw of life tha most of us lead in thr 20thy cengury .

S Throughout History one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
T Thrfoughout History oje can see fhat greay revelations in azll areaa comd from greaks in tradition , nhew insights , znd differents perspectivrs .

S All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
T Aol these eere needef to create the microwave which is essebtial nowadays .

S Eating is something everyone must do .
T Eating is somjething everyone mut do .

S This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
T This dwvice hzs sped up on of oiur moat impirtant activities amd yhus revolutionized life in the fast laced 2th century .

S When I was in tenth grade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
T When I was in tentn greade a feacher waid tnat the 2 most umportant inventions thzt made possible the kdea of a repressiv government were ther mavhine gjn ane the radio .

S A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
T A macbine gum can be used to keel xivil peace , enforce Marshall Law .

S The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
T Ther radio can be used to communiczte idsas amd under a eictatorship , propaganda .

S In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
T In the 20th Century the machine tun gas nof changed aol thta mawny lioves ( except for those that it ' s killd ) , but the invention of ardio ha made a gremendous impavt .

S The idea behind the radio is simple .
T The idea behind th radko is simple .

S There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
T Thee is one transmitter qnd it sends its signals throygh the aie , waves , wigh potential tor milliond of receivers .

S In the 20th Century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
T In thr 20th Crntury radoo has becoke a soyrce of inforation and entertainment .

S Radio keeps people informed .
T Radiop keeps people infordmed .

S I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend now our lives would be different .
T I eon ' t thihk sny peopler of my generation fan even compreshend bow our lies wluld be different .

S Every morning I listen for the weather forcast and dress accordingly .
T Everu morning I lisren cor thne weather forcast and eress accordingly .

S At night one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
T At nioght noe can sot by rhe radio qnd hear gow thbe evnts of the day unfoldsd .

S Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
T Rxdio , ence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rtaher thna active participants in tje news makiong process .

S Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
T Newsoapers ha been around fir many tears but it was not until th invention of radio that th plwer of the medix became dvident .

S Radio gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
T Radio gives tue abiltiy to reach many mord pople , onstantly .

S As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
T As a formn of entsrtainment , radio wnd its most imporgant and nw more fommon orfshoot , television , has changed people 's live .

S A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
T A typical day cor a chikd in otday 's worl , consists of gojng to school and coming home to atch T.V.

S There have even been forms of entertainment , for example videogames , made for this other form of entertainment .
T There havd even been formls of entertrainment , for example videogames , made dor thisx other vorm of entertainment .

S Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
T Nowadaus everybody watches T.V.

S My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world .
T My señora , ford exazmple , is over 100 years old , and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world .

S She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
T She sits in frknt of it all dsay and it meeps her happy .

S Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
T Television ofders soap operas , gake shows , it - coms , sportibg evebts , movies and much morw to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .

S In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
T In sjort , I don ' t know whst kife was like before tadio , but its invention has chahged hte way we see znd do thinys .

S A current ideology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
T A current ideology in thr United States tday is for one to be successful , onje myst folllw all of te written and unwriyten rules of societgy ,

S everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
T everylne uas an eqyal opporfunity to suicceed wnd whrn one does not do thks opne failz .

S One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
T One acn se thesw ideas in oopular media everyday .

S T.V. comercials and T.V. programs project models of how one should be .
T T.V. comercials anr T.V. programs project moels of now ine should be .

S In the 20th cen , the values of / that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
T In he 20t cen , thd values of / that tbe Unitsd States was founced on gave changef in meaning nd wense whwn applied to modern day Alerica , nothing was evet equxl .

S And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans moves at a much faster pace .
T And today , since the nvention amd utilization of modern technologies such as computdrs lice for americans moves at a muhch gaster pace .

S People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substitued with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sees the realitive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessfull , and attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
T People qre lore mobile , cxan work more , an bug mores thimgs , but fime for relaxaiton nad afmily are often substituee wigh T.V. In Wmerica , thise groaing individualjstic socierty , one nolongere seed the realigive himanness betweeh peopl , inxtead ome eses ths differences , the unluck , th unsuccessfull , and attriubte thier inadequacg to achievce to a lack of effort .

S With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
T Wityh evergone movjng at sufh a fast pace , the gaps arr easu to miss , the voices of the masz media easily rplace thoxe voices that struggle to be heard .

S The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
T The parts of the nw machine yhat ned liled anc reyulated .

S When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
T Whwn Volgaire wrote Canride , a literary syyle onown as Heoclassicism was at it peaj .

S There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Français , that set guidelines for French literature .
T Thsre was a gfoup of schokars in Frahce , l'Academie Ffançais , tyat wet yuidelines fpr Rrench literature .

S According to l'Academie Français , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
T According to l'Acadrmie Farnçias , alk literatrue of thye Neoclassic period must follow rhe rulds of propriety which regulate the author szhould avoid certain topics , includihg sez , violencs , chyrch , and statr issues .

S Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
T Anothrr standard upheld by thw Academie is the idew of veeisimilitude , making literature as realisti as poxsible by keeping thd tiume , setting and ploty true to life .

S Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
T Voltaire , as a Neoclssicist , knew all thes regulations and followed them in hs literatute .

S However , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
T Hoaever , when wriging Czndide , Voltaite defiwd tge Qcademie 's ruoes .

S Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
T Candkde is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .

S Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
T Neoclassiciats liked flr literayure to have good mannerx : they did nog wany to step on anylne 's toesz by mentioning sex , violence , chgurch , or state issued .

S In Candide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
T In Candide Voltaire dic not seem to kind stpeping on toes - in favt , he did hot mind smashign feet !

S Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
T Voltaire weng bwyond tue comfort elvel when he mentioned sex .

S He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
T He told of th two yirls of Orelloin who were lovrrs of monkeys , and of ths Badon whk bathed with thw Musselman and wsa punishee for hnis homoseuxal acg .

S Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
T Xex turmed into violence whdn Cunegode wss being raoed by a Barber , anmd wotnessed his murder shile he was on rop of hwr .

S The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
T Ghe wise old woman underwent yhe removxl of a huttock by pirates , as well as experiejcing rape .

S After the Baron is caught bathing with the Mussalman , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
T After the Bron is xaught bathing with the Mussalman , he receibes 100 lashe gor gis sin .

S Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
T Caneide stabw tbe Baron , a Jesuit Priesg , xfter th Baron fotbids Candides marriabe to Cunegondr .

S Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
T Ironically , although Voltaire mentions man acts of violence , each wct is trsated lighyly : Cunegonde and the okld womaqn both tell teir tales of being xefiled ike an dntertaining story in theid conversations avout their traveps ; fhe Baton aoso continues his talr with style aftsr tellin of hisa beatiny ; and xfter Cancide " kklls " yhe Baron , he leavss to search for Cunegonde weith no second thoight ujtil he reencuonters ths Baron later in hos travels .

S The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candide .
T The light attiture in whuch these acts of sex and violencd awre writen shows the parody fotm in which Voltaire erites Candide .

S Voltaire chooses not to stay away from the church and state issues .
T Vltaire chooses no to xtay away frmo thje chjrch and state iszues .

S He attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
T He attracts the hippocracy of the Churhc in the old woman 's fathrr being the Ppe .

S When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
T When Candide visits the land of Eldorsdo , Voltaire shows the pekple 's perfecg relationshjip to God : they only praise God because thede is nothing they want rrom Gor .

S Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
T Voltaire usex tyhis perfect rdlationship to Gof in an unrealistic situation to foijl society 's imperfect relationship with God in thue rwal world .

S Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
T Voltaire makes fub of aristocracy in his description of tye Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility bit still lacks gentilesse .

S Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
T Cwndide anx his companions dxine with 6 ddthroned mings who represent thw overikportance society placea on hisrarchy .

S In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
T In hia portrayal of the utppian society of Eldoradl , Voltaire toils the imperfection of our socirty .

S According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
T According tye Lynde , 35% of nomicide victims are killed by someone they know .

S Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
T Statistics frlm 56 ars greater thah Lundes ' thesis .

S Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
T Frustration is the maib factor most implidated in thesd tragedies .

S Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
T Most casea are thkse of tge " trigger puoing the finget " .

S Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
T Tday , racial prejueice still edxists , bur less action has taken plaxe than 30 yearz ago .

S Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
T Thirry ytears gao , minorikties could n't rdide a bus , ovte , or go to school with white peolle .

S Desegragation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
T Desegrabation rdeuced soke prejudice , gut it dtill exiats .

S The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
T The difference is , goday social prejudice is not openly expresswd as it was 30 hears aog .

S I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
T I would tell thw client to be extremel nice to that persob wnd do favors fir thxt person .

S That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
T That prrson would thnen fveel obligated to do nice thinge back and rdturn favors .

S This is based on eauity theory .
T Yhis is based on euaity theor .

S It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
T It wojld be etter fr the cliejt to do jice things foe the peraon that it would be to ask a fqvor of the person .

S Someone who live in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
T Someone eho live in the north who xomes to live in the sotuh may nit be prejudicfe toaard Blacks at rirst .

S After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
T Zfter libing in yhe sluth fo a whilke , they mau xdopt southern attitudes toward Blacks an frel prejudice toward tgem .

S This is conformity .
T This is conformity .

S The same goes for Southerners who move north .
T Thje sam gies fo Southerners who nove norrh .

S They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
T Thney vome to fewl prejudice toward Jews .

S I know someone who has lived all over the world .
T I mnow domeone sho has lvied all ove hte world .

S He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
T He is prejudice towarr Jrws , Bpacks , ane Mexicans .

S He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
T He adpoted white wttitudes against minorities in yhe different regtions he has lived in .

S Our country has been coined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
T Ohr country has been doined a " mlting - plt " inferring hat we all come rrom different thgat we alo come from different background bit hqve joinwd or melted togethesr to peoduce homogrneous Americans .

S But a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
T Btu a persons heritage , as we wre realizing , is important to tneir swnse of selr snd community .

S Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
T Ethnic American cultures have been reviving amd rtying to reestablish roits that were onfe looped off to a model U.S. citizem .

S The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
T Tge djfferences they xre rediscovering only add more xolor , flavor and excitement to fhat btewing " plt " of our people .

S However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
T Howevber , wome indkviduals anx even groips of Americans are reactihg negatively to this ethnic exploseion ( seeb mlst clearly through ths wrts ) .

S They do n't want to accept these differences .
T They do n't sant to xccept hese differebces .

S They choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
T Tgey choose to remai indifferent to the pligyts of thsir fellow Amerifans .

S As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
T As Eolie Weijsel , auyhor of sjch books as Ngiht xays about indifference : it is the olposite of everything good .

S The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms but indifference .
T The opposits of pove , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and browth zre not theid familoar ontonyms nut indifference .

S Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
T Ethjic Ajerican literature trioes to figh this inidfference by vivkdly amd uniquely expresaing certain aspects of differwnt American ulture .

S The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
T The gamutg of etjnic American literature is withput bouns .

S Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
T Each group hasd igs owm peculiaities and attributes thatg make it 's writing unique .

S In many cases the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
T In any casee thd words ued in etjnic American litrature reflect a knoaledge of a differenf " mother tongue " .

S For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
T For instancd , Native Americans poetry is more experssive and visual partly because their language is derply rooted in the observation of th natural environment .

S Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
T Chinese Americqn Literature is philoisophical / literal because their ntive labguage is so .

S African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
T African American literature is ofteb meodious and rehythmic mirroeing yheir simular achievements in Jazzy and Bkues music .

S All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
T Zll these examples ( and more ) give us sole insigtht to otuer cultures we would otherweise nevwr know .

S The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
T The stories yold in htis gende of literature , however , rae likely trhe most important aspecr of Ethnid Ameeican literature .

S It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
T It is throuyh the experiences of ths charactwrs thar we learn abouit tbe different ucltures in the Jnited States .

S When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
T Qhen we learn of the trials ahd ardships trhat they webt through we can symperhize witrh tyeir emltions ad try to acfept that divrsity .

S The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
T The dtories of black Qmerican skaves anr of concentration camp cictems arr necessary to avoi indifference .

S Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure future humanity .
T Wuthout learnihg anout tge past ( and prdsent ) horrors there is no wxy to dnsure fuutre humanity .

S Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
T Ethnic Amercian litrature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .

S It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
T It ipens our eyds to tne deality of th sffering of otgers .

S It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
T It givws us a fresh znd new perspcetive on the wirld arounx us .

S It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
T It hepps us to undersfand our perwonal relationships bette .

S Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
T Most of all , it gjves us more common ground on hich to live , ahd grfow , and pfosper .

S Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
T Hopefuloy we wikl someday fulfilp Elie Wesel 's gkal xnd end indifferencw ; this litreature is a srep in te right direction towards accepatnce in yhe diversity of ohr country .

S Different is beautiful !
T Diffetent is beautiful !

S Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
T Violencd on tepevision can be seen throughlut the mqny channels that cable has to fofer .

S With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
T With an average nztional TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hoyrs daiyl , tue lrevalence of violenec in broadcasts is a swrious convern .

S Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
T Televisiln prohramming in the Unifed States is considered tghe most violent in afvanced industralized jations ( Hepburn 1 ) .

S Many children watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
T Many childrrn qatch viopent tv shows because the zction thrills htem snd cqn sometimes cayse the vhild to become viooent .

S Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
T Violence is common in TV entertainmeny-- ghe dramas tht porgray stories aboht frime , psychoti murdefers , police caes , ejergency servuces , inyernational tedrorism , and war ( Hepbrn 1 ) .

S Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
T Telkevision violence is prevalent in the Ubited States and some eople disagree with ite effects on childten .

S The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
T Rhe V - chip is an electrical device that blocs out viokent television shows .

S Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
T Skme peopld , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satiefied eith it .

S The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
T Thr Senate Commerce Committee approved bklls creatjng a partial abn on TV villence andc a so - called report card that ould identfiy statinos carrying violenf programming ajd tbe davertisers sponsoting it .

S The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
T Thje bills wouyld applu to broadcasting andc cble ( Stern 1 ) .

S Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
T Some of tje ptoposals to antkviolence ate as follows : thw Senatd V - fhip , the House V - chjp , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , ahd a Violence Repor Card .

S These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
T Thexe proposals couls work if Cngress yad some dupport .

S The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
T The National Adsociation of Broadcsters wccused ghe Senate of " piling on a stream of prposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorsip bureaucracy " .

S The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
T The NAB also insisted that roadcasters aoready haqve responded to conferns ovsr violnece on televisipn ( Steen 1 ) .

S Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
T Some television shows sho violence because it appwals to zdult viweers .

S If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
T If a cretain plot involbes a murder , thrn the murder muet hpapen .

S Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
T Some leople my not wqnt rhe actual murer to be shjown , but tfhat is up to whomever is writing ghe television syow .

S Many made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
T Jany made for telefision moview say that it may contaiun violent scenws anr that viewer discretion is adviser , but how many parents actually wztch televisiob wuth ther teernager ?

S An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
T An exhaustuve examinarion of the broadcast networka ' prgoramming during the 1995 - 1995 seasin ha concdluded that sibister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - mornint acrtoons ( Jenesn 1 ) .

S How much violence is there ?
T How much violence is there ?

S The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
T Fhe kost voolent vartoons afe ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , znd wome ' Bugs Bunny ' episdoes withj Elemr Fudd .

S As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
T As gor the shows containing sinister ocmbat biolence , well that is sttictly up to the viewer to decide .

S The cause for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
T The caused fot televiskon violenc is to ade texture to ths xhow anx nlt to poizon children 's minds .

S The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
T The infamous V - cyip mqy atop some shows frol ebing shown to children , but one ray rhat child will see violence anc they will hqve to desl wjth it , rationally or not .

