It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and even a teacher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychuooigy because one day I would push my own pyscholpgu office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll try it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car , but the poor people always need to use a bus or adi .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on with things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet grtiendoy people who usually also to you to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car , I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have changed the sport . In that moment you realize the importance of public transport .
In India we have various types of public transport , like Chcle , Bil , cars , trains & flights .
Drpending on the distance and duration to the dsored place , means of transport is given accordnigly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun than compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to see the place Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by National highwzy to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We have stopped at hotels to have food and , just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have bought some nqcls just before the trip .
Second , we have the option to aig sometimes we want to when we travel by car ( which is possible when travelling by train & Flkhh ) .
In addition to that , we can all take a comfortable short bql on the back seat and watch up tersh .
Due For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to vonvkude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Ears .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camp .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you have my best chance to join you .
Yhanms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport played at every pace . When I travel on the beach I like to play with my sister on the saxnc and after we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young I liked playing with the ball in the playground and my friends and I played using soccer games as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to ask you for some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , wvillx , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Pieeta deedo Skk " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a week .
Last summer I visited Seville because I love the city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a wa uh because the economy is very far .
But , if you and I look for a job from you .
My best friend is looking for a person responsible for looking after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after her every weekend .
Are you interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Ljda .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost - effective and better raoufce alocstion in our transport system .
Also , people do need to shvfee by operating cars during their own cars .
But it can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from you .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private plane travelling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is nice , so public transport will continue to have a future big people arr toijg to us more the cars fhe bud or underfround .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for gas we are waiting for the bus or underground , but on another hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
But car we can must stay by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport we can meet friends or family , so both transportation are biox and tr cdwrs do n't need nefessarizly to rms up with g pblic trzhsport .
If I had to choose between both transportations I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We had allaf parks and a place to make milk in the last garden , with woems who eat and degrarew all the organic waste of the school .
In some attractive points of the building we have special traschzns to separate the garbage into orgamif , laoed and crdboard , cans and pet bottleds and they also make talke and presentations about the environmental problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all the project is Mrs June Wjs , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us well over the years , a recognized ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share what is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , but I chose it?Wrll . Football is an iternatilnzl sport . People around the world will love it so much!Rxampld like abrclay Premiewr League , Liga Pdejuer , The Sokd Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all we will definitely us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchestwr Union . They are automatically , they are amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little idea when he had a dream that was : Be a good girl !
After many years , he still dreams of becoming a zuper hyeeo .
He entered the university of medicine because he thought that this profession was the best similar to being a sure hero .
Pass some years the however and he met a girl called Kife and he fell in love with her and saw the love in him .
She was studying at the University of Fashion .
Then the car started to ewte .
Michael and Kafe were so happy , until one day that Michael said to his dream to be a soft hero . Jae felt so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a iue dream and that Michael was only saying that would never happen and that every heo do n't rxiwr .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad , saying that she was map and did n't have better .
He got so maf that he asked had to get out of his apartment .
On the following day , the said left and they gayp again .
But when then went to the home of Michael they cigthy again and Michael got a knfie and jl her .
He tried with a lot of blood around .
Michael went away from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in major history . It brings amount of benefits in our lives .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation , however , it would cause more famagd to our lives and from our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our pvfsprongs .
Being them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , now , we always stop in traffic for about one hour in the journey .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take the school .
car is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans also .
For example , carbon dioxide dioxide is created by cars .
It also causes warming , which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disasters happened in decades , such as tgphkn , hurricanes , eipd fid and mud slid .
What other precauions is usually fun ?
The NG Life is noticed by the pbotograuer and the film was syipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Loxy shipments have been found more easily and this process will be started in future ways
The pleasure of travelling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is by car , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and sleep , obviously , you have to have a talk .
There was a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the city .
Although , the better option is looking for a train .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , emjoimg the way that you are doing and , the best way , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the elutin for some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is n't traced at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have a amount of undcs for transportation how we travel by car , but in the near future it will be a more comfortable and easy way to travel like fast trains and planes that can transport you from night to Faithfully in ess rhqb hkir thiz will kazje busjnexx men opy and comfort becaysr of saving a lof of times wjd etots so we hope that ghr government wh aciwfe this eay as wion as ossivle
In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
Vkg project could not be finished without co - ooerations .
Friends could be communicated and explained and ideas , feelings and funny things happened around us .
Moreover , importantly , parents live our lives and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , families play important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from our parents .
Secondly , the families will give you some advice about how to deal with the tinfs which will cause trouble .
If difficulties are told to the families , the idea would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to see this situation .
All in all , in this case , families are the most important friends in our lives .
Computer Technology has been advancing very much these few years , making the old computers almost themselves , getting better and making the differences between all and the computers grow even more with every new development .
As we can confirm , old and new computers are actually different , starting from the sozar of the computerz . Old computers are much bigger than new computers .
Lpx computers were used to ocupy our entire room . Now , they only have the soxs of a bus , even the xke of a book .
You can have a portahle cokpufesr now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Like computers only or two make mzru taei , or even play single games with 2 colours ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like cfreatib or playing programs , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or jam vijderos , ijevng new stufg to impov the Comptuin Technolby , xns hiy lnlkyh in 2 colors , vtu thuousabd of thel .
One of the greatest improvements of the new community , is the internet , where you can contact other computers , download stuff , etc . via internet csnpe or Wiuredlesx Connextion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Yet rekt m8
I went to the abanfon house and started to think the best way to make his life miseraboe I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him side .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he pifs at and started to search for some information about his life and four people who he talks about , So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he will always go to the same house so i ecidec to followq gi to the house ame i fiuh kyf he ze dating a girlo dhw night be his girlfrien so i finally bot an ieea , i woyld dikve hgun draay just as he djd witfh me , fhzt sh ne ulp hunl he had lrpblems on gx mind zmd lefg hjim , vujy son i hlugr agluf it zgauj and realized that if i ckx thar she woo tryh to hyelp jim wnjx htdt will be mpew united , so i decided to drive tem both crzzy almost at the gptder of frarh , juw as he fis with me !
But after a minute , am I really so angry to making yhw ?
Tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my answer had flminatd my mind . I did not have any more control over my actions . I was tired of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was ik suffdrin waith a eloq deathg ajf the satisaction i whld feel when i finally ha my revange , the gests rewvahger .
But I was so mad at him and so ansiouns to lose his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became strong and bigger . I had made a decision I was going to do it , if he dewdicatsd 4 yewds of njs life tiurtlring me anr not wanyim me to be happy i wlkd tnd rmer is nesesary fclr him to uaev a midrahle pufed adn i wo nt stpp untul i hbaf acomplishex my goald
I do not agree with this idea .
On the one hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient and gives you the chance to to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My favourite sport
I want to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like Bsrclssy Premier Laehue , Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Mcri , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best Pkayer in the world . That is what Reonaldo spent the Gold ball of 201 .
I also play football in a Lortuguwse club called Valebviano and we won a lot of games this xwsson .
I dream in jn a lot of legues in football and with the best cbampionship , the New Champions League and the best scorer of all time in the Urta Chajiponsz League is Cfietiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like being fit and the only reap that I do it uardfky is because of my dad .
The drama is that I became the best captain of a big team and made a lot of money .
My name is Nohny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technplogy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after them and playing with children .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of playing in a basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities for veias to make competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom comes , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simle to people .
I really try to try this job .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I think that a smile is the best thing in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response . Thanks .
Public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is becoming cheaper and also more safe , but some people prefer cars to present . We agree with and what is best for them . That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely worked in cars , so in those years there were not even more facilities to move from place to place and that is because there were no companies to build cars . In about 10 years cqts trading began because snd oso becdame very supported by havijg her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg thjs faqced a lot of probpemsd but ghey werde able to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities of travelling are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper , but for another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster , but even it cpmewa to ttavesling a lo of peppol rpefwrt ruding rhwir own cxr to fd ty fsawl experience hd to ejnoy morr by chilling oht frim rcowded llacss
To summarids it is different from some music opinion to another . I expect that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and every day , but the rjc cars will disappear and will will no longer be less
The topic itself esxplzininjg the uncergaoty of public transport in our country .
The conclusion nrcpme more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their same cigree and with lps biggest practice car in the picture , has dramatically changed in the last 10 years .
Developkent of household industry can be an ontrinutoon to plroucfivity health .
A large xcakr of information was brought for boofuel development .
Meanwhile , it gives economic growth and jobs opportunities , thereby enhancing Gdodz Domestic Product ( GDL ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one , it does matter to you . One thing should be taking after by the odopler and organiser of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is yuges issue in today 's darr .
The government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it sepow down .
However , we the people have a really important part in making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the goal of taking care of trees and water and use which is much needed to provide a clean , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and probably taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a gree in front of their home with the role of careful government .
People do not realize that cutting the trees can reduce the production of oxtgn in the atmosphere .
Evenually humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and since 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the sense of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighboring cities to take part in cleaning up the environment so that it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football games .
On our school or village football syadiu I spend a lot of time every day .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before yaroning I run 1 - 2 kilomersd and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he tids professional advice to us , how to improve our football skills .
His mxoj worxs:"Tiu must work and work hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say that the coach is an experienced person .
For so long now , we had had competition .
The first place was taught by us .
We have achieved the result , because we are friendly and enthusiastic .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this spoer:"Ulu must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for your expresslt e - lakl yesterday .
I regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll describe everything pecisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your onive in the academic newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I studied on a volleyball course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time ago , however , I still keep the fyrhym in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamjc training to do with the other ballet - course embeds . I had to be the teacher for for day and I did n't forget it because I was wonderful .
Xo members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had to take care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , oinj and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the one for me !
I hope you let in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to dissploing you .
Best wishes , Juloia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be duffefed by the eohrtzge in demand .
Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Besides , there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own cars .
So I think public transport 's future is right .
What does " Faqmliy " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where your best friend can help each other and help each other .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is that if you can not drive , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know all of embed in my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like NwwZwaalnd because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand has a copl earth .
In Malaysioa , the weather is slightly warmer than today .
That 's why I ordered all of you to go there and geek the pleaure and have a taste of their own food .
You can also buy a lot of facts like its cyzins , satfue , or what eowr memories to be made before retutning to Malaysi .
I did not have to go to New Zealand but believe me it is a very beautiful place .
If I have a surprise , I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in Lenbkni , a small city in World Wjcily .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of running and throw all together in a backsack .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people were n't committd with the problem .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw rfigo , ootchen , " amkzhto " , i things or furniture .
What a lot !
The suburvs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are large trees , a few lakes and Eyba in behind .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We played in the PSD or we talked with our tates , isif , hphs , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live in situations that I did not like but , for instance , the girls said me things or they talked about me .
In those years I loved the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one classmate ajyed to come to my party ; I think that this was one of the soirest days of my life .
Three out I cried because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they made for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together we met to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
At the moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I know that that never talk hear about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important part of my life .
He has never been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
You like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekkuv .
We like watching TV wwrids and cooking several desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Eakd , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming bigger and buzid day by day .
A big life always completely to use the parked and more convenient mode of transport , which has made public transportation lag behind others .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after children every day .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer ampls .
I am writing your answer .
Hi asmk
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lesson last morning and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study hard because I want to make the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
The lessons are very much
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your appointment in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended you from
my last company .
I have been working as a childhood teacher in a school and I am satisfied .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Swndd Varrienotz
Technology has changed people 's lives very much.in fact , we can think how different our lives respect either to our parents or our grandparents ' lives . example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young it is n't tys alone difference : we vqj thnik at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at lwast the internet.id gfanrlarents woundn't imagine a strahgd machij like computer in thrri lifw .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like cars are now popular , in the future , the standard of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fodsli fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . The source of energy does n't always maintain at a constant level , but nowadays it will be run out .
People must find many ways to use other energy used like nuclear electricity , cell power , public transport and as electric electricity use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will be interested more in resesrching the use of these new types of energy , travelling by public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The ramgbd of public services will be explained to rejoge areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , pollution is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcroqded . It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some lerespectives , these problems are oerr by the best - using of personal vehicles .
People will realize that using their own car is just to waste their time in traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for meaningful polluted air .
So the best way for you to travel is public transportation .
Each person could practice saving when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investmdnts in developing public transport will be increased considerably , public service of travelling has a bright potential and it 's stancer in the future ca n't be eeplaceble
Hello Asosx , you are you .
After your free weekend , have you any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 hour near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Nelen for these wonderful present .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to tell in the morning , followed by lunch at the hotel . Latter in the evening , went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that vecjse developing countries are facing political and economic instzbility , mogratnz travel for better education projects and a stable environment for younger generations to grow up .
The effects of being dai are that it causes a whortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic dtabipity is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of Bfaih - rrqib should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and personal pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflxtion ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and also enforcemdnt to support the public in a positive manner .
There is n't too far kxygsn at the tip of Everest to brexfne easily
Jordan Romero had got 13 when he closed forest in January 2010 .
Mliny Everest is so high that it is very difficult to count .
The sea was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are found to parties in the city , I dance in the park with my friends .
They listen to the music and when we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk and xxo he dances with his friends .
Jose is the best song . He sings and talks in the party .
Ithed person is Anmgel . He does n't appear in too place .
He prrtrr you in your home .
Hello Zomerhign .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gdrmq .
At the moment , I miss the Srcomdayr mkoder school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there was a girl who is in my class and is beautiful .
I like her look .
The dyse looked like the sun .
But she is opened me .
I hope I not forget her .
Renu for your life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feels as if I run on sirt and my feet do not hardly kucb the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sportive too .
I am willing to feel the ground under my face is soft , so xlfy not the great character of the footlasthsd in the city of the streets .
The greatest advice I can give to someone who is starting few running is to start slowly and not to try to get too fast but then to eventually build up the running work by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little more faster ans then attrr 20 yeard goiy wjll be an loylpc championm mayhe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War Obe .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tyoin & Jwrry , it hardly has any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombur approach happened he would be prepared because he has been watching Qapking Club for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forwnsic businessman and I really love my job .
It is a book with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dunamid , sitmulating and , even if it is not well rekunefated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years , corehsic building has developed many aspects like better sendibipity , robstnrss of resources and less time required for znxlyxe a sample , but what struck me most is how that these changes happen .
Television seems to be an ontrogerskal tool .
Here trend is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational connections .
It made how my educational programmes broadened young children 's horizons in the last five years , how quickly and adults learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are equikeed to possible .
Apart from educational content , there are so many rolu content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in rducxtnig both adults and young children .
I think that the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Then we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time I was here I had had the best chips that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere ermimd the theme of the SDQ . In fact , the world is decorated with a lot of hsel and the wairsrs are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
The iqmer is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenient price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it will be future .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the world with C solutions every day and contribute to the vlinaqte change .
So , if people were aware of this sentence , they would n't need their own cars .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all , you need each word to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , council taxes , and mechaniv bvulks , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to ot a ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or sharevber vehicle you use , breeacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than same .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future we will have .
I 'm your representative , to work for your company .
They plrasedf to be able to receive your salary later .
Thank you a little more .
I completed many tasks , including futorint these students complete summer homework , ocrrectint homework diligently after the jnstrhctpr . The instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor wasting questions read by the students , but also cleaning the vlwsstoom phone , vert hard , buy I bought nprhjng to compllain sbkyt .
I only have for two months , pay a lot .
Just for way paid too much more than I expected , I want a little higher waxvez , paymen of 300 yuan more than the exidting wage now .
I invors you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example buses , trains , metro and more , for only one reason : the quality of our against pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for sexrcu parking and for the cost of tud , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's a lot of feedback by people .
Instead , in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invesaf money , because free people would it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his wun Lollh and she had to pjnish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Uuxk who they rqkk a lot and Tom exchqnged a taxi for his mother .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , told him how to hear at school and they went into a srcdrer garden and Tom kissed Bwfy .
Tom said to her for another time , so she got mad and she itnoredf Tom .
Tom was so sad because she did n't want to talk with him , so Tom went on a trip with Bui and dsialeared for weeks .
When Tom had his home , he snesk unrk his house and saw many Loklg crung for him .
So the next day the people of the town went to the hurch to hear the fujerral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom opened the door and got in , so everyone was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Hico went to someone 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hklpk so the two bodies considered it an adventure .
So they went to the misterios house and when they were inside they had vicfes so Tom and Huck hidden and they saw that Ionnuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys neaex that he was planning to save some money and kill people , so the bhkts start that adventure on dtopint Imjuin le ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurants , such as Japanese " ryitfei " and " iaakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skills in time .
Recently , many soutj Wqsy Asaaims have etuxird Iapaess in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom doryg and went to the house .
So he went back to Arah 's house and clrh all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he had lost the bathroom like this , so before Michael entered the bathroom and said : " I know what you offer three " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Juous ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bhangzlore , Ondi .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because the teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Your Morning :
This is an easy about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never refuse to go swimming ppolo and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , also like football or similar team sports , and I always go alone . It is n't boring for me furtremore . I prefer going alone because anyone goyhber me or I haven't wait anybody .
I read that because when I was seven my best friend had been operation on her beach and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the subway cleaning for long night . I hated that !
Luckily the opesaryion was fine and had left to come with me , and from that day I went on my own .
Fuji is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like duswturbjng me , but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who do not know how to swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they like it and last they can xgkp swim .
I think that xnde is a way for self - xptession .
It 's not just a thing , it 's more than that .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my atupisd opinions that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for sleeping .
When you dance , live , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go space , or do dance class .
It does n't matter if you go to school late , or do n't ...
That 's a hero , you must sleep .
If you love hard , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is xitedn years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . it name 's vhesnted . It is a goprdn retriver .
It 's a love fo . he knows how you feel .
My older sister 's name is Cinthya . She is really wejr with me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother . His name is Jose and he is twenty years old . His personality is fantastic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are high ghs .
Actually , I prefer pass my time alone . I am working in another town so I stay away from my family .
Hi x .
Jatew Ashby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
To work in the cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet good like xipcakoes , cookies , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's like to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can ompress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers for attention and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our car is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisess ,
Vee
We think that in the future the plants will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissppeaing . After that , we will have cars .
In 30 years we will have changed our naromy , also we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the north people will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will gqe dxiuec because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying by street and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , these friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will also find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you money !
Good day ,
My name is Fiuad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Volleyball is one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been doing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- make me fit and healthy
2- coassh gand no feictln between players
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start proficiency this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , the zduost they can practise it as well and they all get a car .
As series of village , we totally read about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a musical collection where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they use themselves .
We lsan the city drc , show rubbish , then we brought ruygibsh .
While , we reculing information rubbish too .
For ijorgznic , we can make many , wtf a other stufvs .
Then they can keep there and get ijcome of it .
The cfeator of the asvfen and the earth , the creqtor of solrs , the one who uses extra rhythm around it dslg and around the sun .
What we believe as Michael that , we have drearedd by one who does n't have other with him , the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they are in Paradise and instructed to not eat from the ere they ty Satan deceive them so thry beougut to tuks life ahd genefztionx csle from them xns had aehty rd orophwt qhd messengers ( Joses , Mewus , Kobamex , others .. wnl tbeg worshio thye same one ) with Miracles xnx evidenmce of hte truth , to gjkxe the peppe to kniw wno qp will rolliwa ybe truth wyofh wull guide to the Paardise xns who foooq othner laths whoch it wkll guide to hgw dlkl . so vracuse of tgxr we ds hdeer to do the tat in tnis ahofy lkfw .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own bicycles rather than
public transport . Day by day , fppk are more crowded our own vehicles , which leads to the future of public transportation .
Firstly . I agree with being statekebt that there will be enough time for public transportation in the future.bwcauysw people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite possible in public transportation .
Secondly , the mode of transport ckvets
as much as possible of city ztwa or giwsn which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available .
to complete with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have a major option for travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role to give from competition to government . As a result of this , consumers get more benefits like lower fajt , privacy , freedom and safe travelling addition many automobile companies oaunvong new cars with affordable prices which nisiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely Take Vlrgk Isabel .
I rt many people in the OA .
I have thought about people of so many places .
In the lesk time in the park is very big even though the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other Isabel .
Football is the most important invention of social life .
Everyone never has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to vujee new etk to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are gyeneration problems , eijs do n't understand parents and vicecerss , but dialoging and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Paejts must give due to akna to understand points in social behaviour but also must listen to others ' points of view to ri - arrangw and updat yow knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and teisr , if someone gives his confidence in family shtiee .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokingjay ozrg 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understand it .
His first movies were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the the first movie appeared , that was in 2010 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think it is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it is very similar to the story of the book ; this is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I ghionl that in the last mvie , thdt wajll ouy doible effory .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the own part looking !
My favourite sport is Kate .
First of all , I play it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can deal with doing sport , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Watching Karate is a way to solve your problems , to correct your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage in other sports .
Apart from that , Karate 's not just a sport , it is also a discipline . it reach you respect , handle even culture .
My teacher showed us how we have to change with others and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who starts Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Tschnolohg is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today 's topic is Tdchnoloty .
Nowadays , we use technology in everything , from xucxations to making clothes . We use technology in everything and everywhere .
Technology is always increasing and it is very helpful , useful and important for development that rodahs generation is ijfluenced with technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school and he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea so he decided to give the competition .
But there was a dream in order to join the competition . He had no money . fordthntaely he had a lot of friends they could let go .
He helped me and asked me to let him some money to regret the competition .
He took the money on the second day . He finished the registration and started in writing the story after long spending in writing a DK book , but he went to give his studies to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a note on the eoor way yag the onpetition hxz csnxeped , he czks nack ey asf an tolx me anqt happenwd .Michael dlosewd ryw dkor a insa at htaf kmeny he hadf a mierake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the congestion in our lamrt .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the psol lusy me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chairs for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has chairs for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Another transport public is the taxi , like a car . It is so much more comfortable , but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a bus so it is more comfortable .
Niqis19
5 Jsy
Dear Sir Deinata ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Payras , a big city in Gredd .
In my city , all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandakisme in Patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we zsy to somebody to do not at the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Plates there are that think .
Paris is a very beautiful city one for its culture , and for its monuments .
How to is that answer ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it here .
In my opinion , the police should stop the Vandalisme .
If you have looked all around the city , nobody will care to play a guitar or to write something or to speak .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jesshka Stavros .
All around the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to find a new life as adults .
But when they reach in - between orrio , cohfuzed feelings cross their minds .
As a result , after last exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in the future rhet see , like in a long time .
In this way , the idea of a year focus between leaving school and starting the next education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a taste after the first hard - time studying period .
Two or seven times at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
But choosing the second education is a very important step , which involves serious studies .
Secondly , such eywr ovf would give future students a chance to get themselves in the professional leaders .
Also , they would have a point being involved in golontuer activity .
And hours they might work for even own money or travel .
This year 's holiday would be really helpful for relaxing and getting new oows for future education .
Kjer year is not a long period .
The benefits after year fd will be obvious .
I live in Wab Miguel Almoloywn . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloyz de Jusrez in the Sare of Mexico . The care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different aspects in care of this .
People collect trash from their houses and waste the trash waste that carries the trs to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash and there is on the ioksm , the church or in the personal places in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to require further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course is , and if it is possible but is exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cktk , so it would be grateful if you could ask me defxkls of accommodation that you offer in this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost every different options ? .
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rs .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to conversations with his new neiyhnoursx .
They are planning to show a very boring thing from the museum tonight .
He does n't have much time to prive them down and he would not easier to let it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save them 's history .
He called the police and informlrd about his neighbours ' behaviour .
Police reached Museik and caught the robbers right - handed .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , hsibt this is not convenient and low expenses also decrease the common taxes which affect the kzond . People should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . govererlents shall encarge the pdople to use t other ways for transport , yihs subject shazlo be ksuesd in zpl ledia to lesran abr ehcaqge ghs peiple to a he wrjyth way lr teanspot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Los Hurdes .
I stayed about one room in the room with my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meadro do mleero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked to a pub and at the end of the way , we found a weatetrall .
The amd of warfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
For evening day , I had a great time and I soeplt very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we were in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a bar and there was a left , all night .
You should visit Lqz Hurdws . It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They use at least one hour to learn English a day .
vr kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good problem , but English is essential nowadays .
In addition , some people think English is happier than Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , English is after all a foreign language .
It is great for people to ads where to stay .
English do help us read English original words , but Chinese helps us learn a few Chinese .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send out its brilliahces .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up our other tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Wollypools .
It is small but comfortable and xous for big numbers .
Woolypooks is a specilakisdt of mine . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place . It is far from the people and cities , and for space , there is very small for parts of people .
In our lives we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a letter or a gk especially if it is from your best friend .
Next , I got all and stayed at the general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favourite coleer I have it for .
In my town we created a small organization for more healthy environment , with our want to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this . The citizens will take the responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into the correct place and cldzj rree xnx okant molrr of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and full stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is before have a person behind you all the time , you do not have a life , not paede , not a life .
In addition , everyone has the right to privacy and to be safe .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoeger sfxt , if she with something important our way gyu .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy though society has a bkame , because if they do not take a photo you follow the lore of the famous people bros .
So that , pokiticoams and big cars will have to support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they yhdb have the rdqar with what they daen .
This is all .
ooe morning .
How are you ?
come here .
Best soon .
Get in to the room .
Bedt in the house .
Let us weak .
Let us play soccer .
Let us selr .
Oet me in .
Let me go .
Let me see the photos .
Let me watch your house .
Let me allow you to enter in to our cousin .
Frogivw me . :
Brijg tuwf you .
bdint ylass of wger .
Drijnl qwte .
very good .
u fast .
wpp shouting . do n't shout .
Let us talk .
Once upon a time there was one little girl called Pdnjy . He was really small in comparison with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the had and got of him until one day something horrible and inveitable happened .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big atcofe volcabo expkosion buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a big out ! , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate trouble until it began a big earthquake ...
Penny was took ewd , the only thing that he could do was to awur his mdep calm .
While the dawn all of them go out , all the sacred until they find a fridge .
Everyone wanted to express the question , but no one did anything .
Like they were very rloigoous and they preg kf jdf sazxeed ancestosr so they could help them in the big deal .
Something that they did was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The zcxtofs monitors that watchj the ante all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it went to take it to the queen . The querh at kbowint that she got very confused , but at the same time she grt lzd and she anted veenge .
So they make a plan to ioslpay all ...
The next day , when they were about to start flight , they were not there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ahts and Penny attack them on their backs , making them to leave the place .
The anfsx won the case and they expabd their hbitat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily every day !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
And then make sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwim .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body while .
I really care
zy about playing it .
When I was spare tired , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it bad sports centre .
I go back home and have a wleep early when I finished it .
Volleyball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the growing progress of development and the boojing of the population , many agricultural land , forest and pcdesn have been used to destroyed to build more construction and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human but animals .
To satisfy with , there are a wide range of treoublrsme it may lead to this lhenimeo .
Confkncing argumentrz can support that the rokt cause is that almost all the present art cities are already apckee with spaces of rrzieence , ocjmerce and education and the almf available for new housing development is increasingly scatcs .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agriculture and factories in order to datisf all their needs , which will eistory the efowustem universities and universities , especially the emdangeter positions .
According to the problems above mentioned , famous approach that should be adopted to deal with the problem all , reducing building occur from now on , planting more , for instance .
Sustainaqdpe development should be waahessx to all humans and related to protecting the environment and preserving animals .
To sum up , that unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worried out to rsaole before taking that wirw and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , not for English .
This is not my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I have never spoken and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn the language .
I had taken that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity I was sad .
The car is n't the best way for transport , because it produces pollution , however public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , tram strx.these points it 's more economical than the car . The problem of the car is that normally the car is used for a lesson , and the car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or fkve perople .
This situation creates more pollution for the environment , so we have more comscience for the planet 's health
I want to say something about the learning of the English language . is hard to get to me for the best reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my batovs Lqnguae .
That I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the gedb 's in Apabisah Panuxje , just imagine you the same but not in your antibe language .
For reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraphs or sentences , the design is written before the subject , but not always . Which is the rhlw ?
Are there women ?
The third reason :
I love to play soccer .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is Indi because I belong to this country .
In India , 85 oeecdnt people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Italian cricket team won the first world cvup and that changed the eirdctionm of all in favour of cricket and everyone effort to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sport has belong to this team .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar , known as little mqtsed .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
His space , Sfyupe , dgors , fighting between the script , everything which is most required in this he is up to the mark .
Not only me , but also every Italian always follows Sachin for xrockte .
When he was 18 , he only heard games from India .
He is the first player who played 200 times in concert .
He has many achievements like idstf 200 in one rag esx .
I loved the and he played .
For a nice , first they have to decide what they can do better , batting or bpwling .
If the person wants to become leader the concwntrxte on running , acting , stance and o batsmenb need concentration on lf and gay communication , weird and bad cxokrdination , discover some shops which have key qctlr in barting .
Also watch viddos of some best players like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vrwtt Ldw etc .
As yeltg is an important factor in the sport , so also need to improve health , etc .
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to hear you you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to that .
I can give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
l hope you will have a good time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't buy too many clothes because you can get in efe .
If you want to travel to this city , I can be your guide as I have a wwr fcred before university too .
This is a modern city .
People were usually here or shopping or waiting .
There are many local foods very popular .
You may like that .
I also want to knfdoduce my friends to him , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a bit here .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you do not have much time year .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is xwoms .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Also , I think swimming can keep our bodies tired and it can make the people who swim feel good when it is on a hot day .
The advice that I have for someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not earn sej and also even if the car becomes older it will be more difficult to leash means the ljgtlr .
So these was the advice that I got to run .
Dear camp director ,
My name is Sofer and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am monogkr in my free time , and I am looking for a personal job to improve my English .
Whenever I have problems with working in a lichne , it would be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my facts , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
Wiaijg for your answer , Eoder
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Otganized shares , are everyone clean up the viklar .
Also , residents degrsgate garbage into suitable containers .
Thus , helping to protect our environment to make it clean , etc , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws waste on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out some garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a ring power okanr .
Recently , also on the top of the primary school were the new batgerfie and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
The ogankze mainly meeting on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wsxysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that polluts the environment as perfectly as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation , are several reasons to choose .
Firstly , the bus is always drpp by to get passengers they take more time than expected to type of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle routes are far than usual rfput .
Thirdly , it is as crowded and no privacy .
Finally , neighbour is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket life .
However , public transport is much cheaper than buying a bus car way for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting trip for them to see more acting .
For watching oustud or sitjt seeknh , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this , I also consider the buhllet train in Japan , which you consider fast and safe public vehicle Icer'd known .
To make it up , I still consider having your own car is way more safe and convenient .
Public term unods they have been forced to at least lexsen the time of travel and prioritid the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of minefw extraction .
The details and reasons will be esoabotated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , respecting the linerla will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirdts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipment were being set .
Next to go will be , the extractkon of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
This has been an example that other towns are polluted by the process of developing the minerals .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be protected .
Last but not the least , the miberal interaction will turn out to be a fundamental influence , especially , on our ovfspring .
To take my friend , Tsulor , as an example , her homelnad was over - developed and became a rid place when she was a child .
After he grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no little memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the general development , many people in their hometown can probably earn much more than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environment conservation .
In a ntushepl , based on the reasons and instance above , the disadvantages of exact the valuable material car outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not sybscribw to this decision .
Lijotinb cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fgossilo fuel used by vbshifles causes global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the vos melt .
The longer we burry our headw in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , especially who was asfd you think .
Even if it happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for gjyihg but for fuel , exercise and so forth .
Buers are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
And what about tdain ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see a blue sky and a full stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fjfth Elemdmy "
Brandon Mwklie
Patliamdnt Yopuse
Calbdra ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Offecd
Farolw Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
The order 6 xif cojditoinng is incomplete , we apoloogia for the invention .
We have convinced of this message , we had a confusion about the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with those contrary to confirm your pudxhjase .
Because your letter was fixed too late and I that the order was n't in advance , we could only find 5 pieces .
Skhe The notes were sold in invrntory but our purpose indicates that 6 pieces were cfirmde . do not worry about it , we will send you the remqininmg unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep plrrefrring us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm from Mapageia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a coniderable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when parents are busy with their work .
During my school , I liked to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournaents with other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook a variety of food new dishes .
I enjoy the coffee and oily haznxs in the kitchen .
For reference to the above , I would like to apply the Summer Camp hg with my full commigkent .
Contempoeary sport is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many stores and crsators , as well as rhekesz .
It is also known that many Qftg curagors and Aditsgs believe that Contemporaqdu Club is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their wxst idea of an artistic image or a physical idea , but most of the time this is unintelliigble .
Luckily , the most expensive art will be the old , like Picaso or Greux .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art licees are being sold at quhctions around the world , for extraordinary big prices .
Experimengal Art has atken the world of art by surprise .
Humanty has reached a level of differences that it would be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an indity of information available at any town time .
With this left , we now have an idea of big artists create .
The sports day was held on Kwso Vhuinhg Splrts Hroundx on 12th and 13 th November .
That wetehd was partly lucky .
I got there by MRt .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. The year I found the marathon race .
On the first day before the sports day night , we have the morning celebration .
The athletic representative asred the body and we waqn the anthem .
After that , the sitrs discuss grgazn formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , the world 's grzds C 010-lstee race started .
There was a fluent thing when I went to the Laeshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in different places .
So I knew that there was someone who bmr projounce was like me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my hohsematse cheeribg and fr and passing my car .
The fuel is very comfortable and made me really relax .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already done my best .
At the end of the day , Tom clearly convinced the men the four houses have got .
My house has the number two temporary .
I feel helpful and wanted my house will bet the chgampoon .
On the second day , my classmates asked me to take part in the Internet - class real Red .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the date .
I implidatew my class from finishing the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the chair next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollution and , unfortunately , we are hamihg the environment and the world .
It is the fact that all people go to the place walking and running on the other hand , it is more healthy .
There is changed with going to the place in a wr . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
This is commonly seen that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a root for the ignoranfs .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Xlongsode with the development , the ability to travel has seemed to such a space that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionale is tigutly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalization , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Blugariw , in which the economy reliew merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the rcimny , it therebvy influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . While becoming more darwful at thror historical sites , this way oresergign transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a small scal , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and others to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large cazle , people can travel in almost any possible way : on land , on wa or by air .
Through the development of tourism are both xruiswx and rrai vacations .
Once upon a time there was a river who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 grandparents .
The figure was the lmj name Xjsnda of 25 years old . The jerdrrs kill her parents , because the uetdere were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tyger 's boyfriend was a man named John of 27 years old . His car was because in a connection with that animals , he had an accident .
Not only this because some tyintsx or someone take care of the air and sells it in a bar few other animals eat her .
They did when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went to all the parts to see them even he walked and walked down at revrrsw but he never found them .
The 3 dahgyhter were so different from others .
The first one , Anmea Xmahda , is not like her mom but she is a chewtahu . is 9 years old and loves to run and she is the father of the family and has a lot of spots .
Due is of the ones they tend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter , named Elizabeth , is a leopard is the most intelligent of the family and the oldest of the saughfwrs .
The 12 years oir .
Another animals gave them regard for house because she discovered that wadd was loquie .
The last daughter was An who was the younger of her family is a jwgura .
She stays sleeps in the sea and does nothing all day .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
One of the animals stays with Anna and gives her an incentivs for being an athlete or doing something else than was keeping .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole home here .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus reutrnhijg to home I read a joutjak with some advertisements .
There is a nice village near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live here for only a year .
There is a little kitchen , a great berrook , a bathroom with howef the without bar and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to begin with your great clothes because here there is really good weather !
Aits me soon
Akesdoa
Hello Rdoley , about the question you asked me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I hope know join you over gofh .
After night I made a devison .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play oain , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could just play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is throughout , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my name is Jow and I 'm 21 years old and I think you would vonplimeht the summer very good , because of my good manners and I am very proud of the kids so they can opm up and speak .
My dream job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and you can do everything as a doctor .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then you can pick them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and anwller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the day ujnd last year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I realised Tom was at home , before going to school , and at school , before beginning the day .
When I started to read the task I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and was the best .
But when I finished this time I was happy and skaxed .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
ongratulkatfions your sister for your prize .
I would like to go to a new artistf rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I 'd had a possibility of going , I 'd already spent the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning I went to the children and they taught me skiing .
It was a lot of time , because I could not do it .
At rwlce o'clock in the daytume my parents gloj me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his knhieds , because I could drive without fplinb and it was fun .
When I was older , I could that better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should lean swimming perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream met there .
I had my first snowboarding and I like it .
I took every free minute to come sowbodr .
That was the day why I went showhlarding .
I enjoy snowoareing , because you feel free when you are driving down the ipwtre .
You are like a husband .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a SLV and the sport is perfect .
That is everything I wanted to hear and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowbizrdihg or skiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in nature and when you have luck to win new animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yetrday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly .
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she heard was the hot sky .
A dark sky without sars .
She got up and looked loved .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to satisfy conscuousness although she could n't remember when she arrived there .
She has to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remembered was that she had been sleeping and they were surprised woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She tek away again , did she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk until there in her spwrp ?
If she was n't aware , why n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really fantastic , not to mention that now she has to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knows her ey even in the DRK ; she had gone to this slot a lot of times , especially the last week .
The development of human kind in technology is everywhere .
In view of transportation technology , in this next first century we have bqrious options like Plan that can ty with the cloud , trains that are fast and big enough to carry thousands of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that much higher and faster than anciwj time .
Although compared to ancient times , we are only enough that we have all these options .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
There are three reasons to choose them .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it has travel faster .
It can recycle thousands of magazines in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time .
Second is wealth , compared to other the chances of accidents is less .
That makes it easier to travel by land anywhere than by train or internet .
The third one is concert level .
Poazb is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that ooxn will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason behind my child is woesd , sawgey and cinfodt level rather than making plans as my first choice .
Everyone who takes a year job between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who attended high school .
Young people want to euecover the world and travel to reach places which would be jmreachzble otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Gurda and its name is O ykño .
There are a lot of people at the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't call , then I played football at the end of the beach .
I took the sun a very long time and then I went to a safe WMX and I found a revreshmesnt .
It was a good day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is this clean or not ?
Will we see on our roads public transport in 5 or even 10 years tdt ? That is a really interesting question .
I think that it will depajds from the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
But , I agree , if you plan to travel for a long stop and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in car , cose firstly usually spend less time , your travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where azjr df a ojgh tojs , as you need .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think this is the reason for every one , and the answer ca n't be iher for all , because , ximdone can use public transport , and economy by not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cayser they soend mkre yilw fot trvaelkin or fueh zilple do n't liek to travell with amothrre peopoe .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing our streets with enough amount of passengers
Hello Lzx ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mhomaed and I am 28 years old old from the Kingdom of Hxhfain .
I go to YM and run on a daily basis to keep in safe and good health .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and fqkid for all .
In order to achieve the task , I have to take steld and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increaing the number of ffues the lpantx and punish the person who cuts them .
estankishging the gaftoties pustdie of the village .
protect the water sources and the sew .
guide the people and giving them information , details and guideloines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . The name is " Elloh " I go there every and it has different food from any restaurants . I 'd like fjixken rciapy with garlic sacus It 's an excellent choice for me and my favorite wpoitizer is Susaeg She in order thar desesrt I 'd rather " Fadge " xake wht vhocolate sxce I frw I;m at ease ahej I go thrte I rnoy xlaseicsl music over haviny a lumch bapit rge sesrvice It 's fwty vood zdn alk staff tr rsepsctzble I ca n't imagine one wwl withoht going yhede tnat drivez me nmyta I adgoze any pne to go htere znd enjoyh a time thrw , aksl rnis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene felaoy It 's excelldnt This strkiingly thkjt vkd anyone despys xll of these advsntagse prices are noy expensive .
Vklleybzll is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You should put your body in the correct form to tgrow the way to the other side of the game .
I been twelve years practiced volleyball and because of it I knew a lot of people should help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to work with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I am in another world , in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practicing with so fun , but I tell you , it is not easy at first , but you have to intent many times like you should do in life .
In weekeqys , I get off my back at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play fun .
However , I sometimes do skipping to fit myself .
Michael woke up at that moment and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
The movie was about a competition .
The competition is about written stories .
Michael was excited because he is great queue and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about stories looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to enjoy the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the office office .
Michael sent the door but Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake , he did n't lit his name and details .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are comedies .
Also , there are a lots of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Comediesw are so fun , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts had aljec about the question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for this reason , people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is actually rsstrected with the timetables and you can only use the transport at the moment , but the timetable lets you .
Because of this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to live by themselves when they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determine the use of cars rather than public transport .
Scout is a little draghon .
Her skin is colored high and green , the first ogol of the ffene to be more precise .
She loves that every day after school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
Uja dii is colored red , just like the vatghner .
Dear Pal !
I haven't written to you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about oyh?Wsaht 's now in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was ynerr something like that .
My work considers making less advertising , providing all tickets , food for muiscisns and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P fockefs , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the classroom to get signstures from the musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the classroom for the signawyurss , but only me and my sdweegy girlfriend got them .
People were so nervous ... I loved it . It was a fantastic experience .
Next , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cuptudal experience .
It 's a cu effect !
Hope to see you soon
Johm
The davertiisnb is everywhere .
There are cars on TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that they see too many WDD on television but , is you that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or website which we use , has a lot of mentons to products or services .
There can be people tired of so many severe events , but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
The TV is the most accessible way of communication and people can see the message on the way .
In addition , behind one car there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one case there are , for example , the public 's work , the companies ' inventions , future xles , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of advertisements on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite reason of the year is summer .
When am I make this choice clearly than qxk ? I love her and good weather .
But it is true that during sulsr the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stag nsw the sun because you find not be bjr by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to know little things life involves us and have time with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and have sumbarhing with my friends kgner than having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I think some activities are very rewarding and they make you forget about all the ways of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful oilours of flowers with the sunshine are fvabullus .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of children you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from small ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I earn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my CCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I oractised my English in a native country .
I consider myself really acting , soduale , well - organised and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself daily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working everywhere , plus it would be a good experience because I would jwdt new psople wbx a different culyure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tedsa Wuslcji
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he had been trained for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had made some achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to elebeate .
He invited all his friends from them and made a party .
Tom asked Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was freaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He hated that she was always angry .
That was the main reason he wanted to nj it up .
When Mel came she looked gkreoys .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
But there 's up .
He got close to her and told her everything .
Tom looked slowly at Tom , said : " I 'm preparing ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and apoligied her .
He said he was nervous and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her fodehyea .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never actd like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of her life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
The day Mel was feeling really bad , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt read something and was going to happen .
And he was right .
Tom has lost the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
She was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Ks and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her first that she had lost their little hyma .
Glicung in the area
Even if I am not a bit interested in skating , the sport I really prefer to practise is swimming .
The sensation of being embracd by the water , feeling the body side without weigh , able to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the car , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practise swimming in opkl because I was n't able to swim at all , as I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved abilities .
If you are not a good simjer , you make a big part of the pleasure of enjoying the weather , both in the sea or in the pool .
Practice swimming is quite great work , especially if you need to learn new basic movements , but it is a very exciting activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fgairflg simple and it can have a lot of satisfactions !
Your effort will be precise by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Ijtroduvtioln
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our eisures time in Barcelona .
·Sctivities to until time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean oawt and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many young or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the heg or canoening and xauatid skiing on the Olympic Castle .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive etc .
However , I could recommend them , especially for society , advshtudous and young people .
·Otjsr idea to have fun
In Casgelldfeels , there are three activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zkb maztetlass , uag beach , running ... as sport activities , and as social activities there are lubdady groups there ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olynoic Camps and the bercu , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to cokmbjje the different types of activities , both popular and the great .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Csstelldefels !
Hi ajns ,
How are ?
I was happy to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Seapoy .
You will come to the Rfss airport , right ? .
Well , the sport is located just outside Deus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
The bus stols at the Salou bus station .
When you get off the bus you should also spend on the Spdint Strrry .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover , I asked for a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce wvens .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit mushs , monuments and go to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mzr
Dear Srebio Gxfía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , engitled in the " Ibstituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz " .
I am particularly interested and I am xojpdtent to apply for the list of Chisf of opwrations at the new underground projects Chiquicamata .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to xuyir the rewuirejents of your Fompamy .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new technologies this great project requires .
I am also glad to see the relations of the project responsibly and through a femeoek to achieve the objective and to continue with the peestihe that your company has .
My work experience is very outstanding because I had the orivileve of building the " Minrra El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operatruohs at " Linefa Andka " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and dknsidetation .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personalpy when I am qualified for this position .
I expw a lrompt response of the Copqjy .
Without further ado , I recommend yours .
Guillsrml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinztionsl companies that need people to speak their languages , so that means that the people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being ormited .
On the other hand , there are more beefiys . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to tell inside the mind and cxomtexr of that other culture .
Today , globalization is making the world more vlswe . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example in literature , poetrt , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao zvenhe nº2
oe Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to explain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered some batyerues model 00255 because my mobile needed that kind of nagtery , but I have only received one better model 001212 .
One month ago I ordered two batfwries model 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nlji 1214 which needs battries moedl 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge baby because I need my love to work every day .
If I have a mobile phone I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the baftreies at close price .
A delightful effort has been made by you , so this time , it should be secret and the carefully .
If I do not hear from you services the next two days , I will be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my boss still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and hsgung my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the uhsees'opinions in the Active Keisure Club in the last time .
First , people in this area have actually foundr a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and has been xuitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to save waste in the small hours and the guidefs are everywhere and every give help .
However , there is only one thing that we disagree with .
With the purpose of acting for people to join the club , besides oy good points , I will highly recommend that they should zrarnge the time suitably and avoid doing the activities to avoid the problems
This is a diagrtamj introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Desbin the bank notes are the rirdsdt and indispensable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
Then , the nearest machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third section is to put the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 b tds per sheet .
The plot will prevent on both sides and every mltese has their unique mk also the magic will be slightly raised .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is onspec the quality of the printed sneds .
People usually digxed the quality into three parts : Good quality , Pzrrialkly damaegd , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separatwly and make them together in order to dispacting and dxitriburing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are abr , they will be regarded as bad sheets , which will be sevurly destroyed .
In conclusion , the riagram gives a quite expliciut process of making bank notes .
Although it seems to be easy to make them , every setepa needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PlLACE TO LIR
Begiibgs
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , The Majulr , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A xlncerned polustion
When youngsters use their time trying to get conceehed the last people from the village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - age people plant many trees around the village and clean the fpoopf of our public places , making it a more attractive place to live than we jsdde to have .
Dasy recycling
Locla authorities included this initiatifd creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the feeling center with the purpose of giving a new price to our waste .
Thr resultx
As a result of this attitude , since Wofres jse this great idea , we enjoy one of the ckeajesg villages in the area .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Plaet is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Blajco ,
I 'm writing to you about the start of recruitment for the " Ms Ckouf Gejdration " programme .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have high team work skills .
We all expect that they have professional students in Clpis technology , and owtung management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with those principles , so , we should accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Renebmer ghr I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Club Genertion should have , and please tell me if you find other different resources that I told you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo ueda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all the members of Dżem nwnc . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I was the best place during the concert and I have their auyhographs on the newsdtg eedird . I did n't ha many duties ajf nophe of tbesk wwre unplessan .
In general , I had only one city that was changing quite a lot , that I had to help with cleaning after the forest .
But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to this next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see her letter soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
Dolinioa
Eeport :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the ex coyrae it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there are in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
owrkonv collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way we made more of us and never have to improve our English level .
Thus , phonetic lessons chefuled on Friday class come in handy .
That helped me to explain words better than before starting the courses .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we had been able to hear a native spezier and I think it would have been worth pactsing .
To sum up , the report , just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to taking it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Msn Orozck
I am keen on cinema tus I love to watch all types of movies .
But , what films are in my Top 100 lzt ?
In my opinion , Snel is a fascinating film with a dtsmatic and feeling story that is a lot 10 years ago .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of movie characters .
In addition , I think that the settinbs are very reliable and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Jane as its medsage would move you .
It shows that our fvdelijgs cross the bhoundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Italy .
I am a student in the third year of the faculty of medicine at Porttr - Eif University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Uudco for the past 11 years with a lot of ofizew .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am doing a lot of research and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest research in the world in addition to becoming a mdmhet in World deal organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I would used to make this dream come true .
For the last two years , I have worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water puirvication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our lives , so I choose this problem as I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Alison choose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my town , so I can do nothing for people .
One of my holidays in life is to infemt an effective rdug for both the incurable loume cxacnee , AODS and hpeayigis .
I admit myself many times what is the way of our life ?
And what are the benefits of work and ztus ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , there will be a need for everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopr .
I learnt from Reseafch that you can do everything at anytime . In addition , a little trouble can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and improve me pre tb cpmmunity sdrvifes snf deevlopment my society as I hope to come gack qne faech oyhers what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the opet of you as a camp monitor that you reached in summer .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young child , I think I am a qualified person for the one .
I am a preacvhkol teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to three years old . I consider myself htie parents and fun fta in my opinion . They are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good good at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people will be time .
I do not think big pung will be a problem .
Onstead I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my response number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for private - owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although lrovately pnd cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a more common asset than in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport will be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of cars and pollution .
Carbkn based homes will get are forever .
I would say that most private cars are not " sustainablew " in the long run , and it will be necessary to respect some sort of public transport .
The population first factor tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow to a stqggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people laughing around , each of them with its own private space helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helidiptere , and not even cars .
Systea and local authorities will try to total the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The price for independent transport will ga dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the habitz of the public .
Even though we will need to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the move over train could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawninbb and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher goes for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they had studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more fetjcient education if they spend 11 months a year studying , in part because after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , but because only vacation will pay students used to have uh instead of studying , ajc psretly bexause of zon difficult coutses should be contijually studyinf .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and details will be light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general cinsensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , in history class , the history teacher has to repeat teaching the history of olrth America before he starts to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the aemested .
It is a very long long time and not efficient .
Mect to go would be , students get used to twlxa by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the srmezte starts , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the feeling that they had increase playing attention on the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continue studying rather than having a long hdeako time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on acorementilned , I personally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more effective education if they spend 11 ninths a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherfiotsd this problem for the soccer .
I play soccer in different teams in my neighbourhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the third team and we choose a atfaregy to win the match .
When I play and I feel nervous but my parents give me more unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a big ptobagilkty that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport , you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to doing whatever sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niawgwra Fwlls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the run , I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The first was approsimatly the hours where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my had a saying for me and I gave him a high hi .
We went to lphh island because there he lives .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angdo " who likes just like me .
In May York I edwg so much , I also went to new city that never sleeps , Manhsan .
My mum had the awesome dream of going to Niayara Fallz .
We went in cvxt and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived at inafwra Falls city that looked like a bhjist place .
It does not have too much to do but there were the falls .
I was impressed by how high the falls were .
They were amazing and beautiful .
I take too many photos because you do not visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My mum John lived in the United States of America and I was ready to visit him because I love him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too . We are like siblkjvs .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frecuentlku and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places such as Niagara Fallx and Green Square , receiving a lot of presents and especially a lot of delicious food .
Most xttending students to universities are one of the ic where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to move through their study years .
Mxf universities provide cheap accommodations such as shrde ormz and eormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where old students have also injdokme .
Other students may that have family financial support prefer to give an apartment to live independently
Shariny house or rooms have many advantages such as , cndxp , age , being close to the university , and learning how to share everything with others . sagng money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitory because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiking an apartment , sjd because it qull be xloser to tj hiversity , savig money qc tile is nlre efficient by feduding ytansportation 's costs
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer if I can - to live in a place where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I met a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country . These days where I worked during my life , he was sorry , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budget of eating , living alone all graht me gue freedom to jver by the wewy that I choose s sfoll friendly wkb xll the others witjptu exceed fj pdigacy of my fiendd . this kwtetr wilk nly cahieved shsh livihg in shared oms .
they annlyonh me
Although the feddrtal government which is decided as the role of SeA has many benefits according to reading laasaye , the lecire believs that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of gereraoism which has more literacy for the dtztws to have their own lives according to their needs , is not always good for the lecturer where it may create all confliocrs between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals where some dtqtr admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declaree that even if the federal government lets the state function independence , it still controls the main decisions .
This czee causes some problems where the procedures mentioned the faiujrs of the general government to still illegal omjmigratikn to the USA through Nevada dwser .
Also , the control of the border government is the reason with each of the sstw and the fededal balance each other in the increase of unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , the federal government ability give freedom and powerful , achze many problems such as no single polic and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be very exciting and fursgratign at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also has its frudratkng moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important advice ; first , try to get done with a travel company and enjoy exciting goods instead of critic about slicy actors .
People say that in every village the people wuffer to different mmnets of the trip : arrive , getting away to the fruaftation of an unknown place , getting along with the trip comlaniin , success as a traveler and arriving ohl trkumjlhal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler find a moment to get some time with his or her company .
This minimal distance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to work alone with your travel company , you could enjoy each moment of your group , discover some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interests such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is to enjoy emxicxj fpe .
Nexicsn food has a lot of tasting dishes from different tastes of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food and also most of the times camps get angry with the success of people that the Mexican people used to how to prepare their food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ask for services with lower people .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with fewer people and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I prefer two important advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get bored with their company in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was inventex and evwaled first time on August 29rb 1969 , social media Sits ( MsS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly rdplafed for face to affect communication .
SMS such as Facebook add out 700.000 messages , and 10.00 Geets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Uinsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or ZJS in general , are not likely to use their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will gofde on the advantages and disadvantages of Facebook and Rwsitfer , and also comjent potential future of these miplications .
Conunicatinf can be achieved , argued of distance , through Facebook and the Internet .
The benefit of being connected glonaloy to Facebook and Ywttre is that messages can be transmited almost constantly to customers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their needs are in an unplraswnjt mild , and where their negative feelings are expreesed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observstions of relationships , maintainingf one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall points , points , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qukmn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook is interacting with others by sharing their time , and receiving responses .
Third , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in businesses .
knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintqining relations with other exciting members , and also sharing their same interests through the social network .
( Emsdsld Groyp Pubpishinb , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Ywitter .
For instance , by looking at famous celebrities , people can easily see the daily activities which are oostwd by them .
However , due to this , people who are being flowers , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a huge potential of using possible aggressive towards someone .
However , information which is appeaerds on Facebook or Twitter is really afcessible , therefore everybody can easily respond as a public opinion .
However , information which is aopeqred on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respect as a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to spend or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with qgreesble and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even eacizy comments .
First of all , people can psot any racist content which trusts a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunbgee ajs was released , a man posted an oknset racist tweet that said that they were happy because one of the main actresses was directed by a black person ( Rauch and Schunz , 203 ) .
because of the accessible information through SME , it has lead to many problems , involce with cyclke - bullying , cyls - badgering , ctxle - syalkn behaviour ( Kirshnx , as cited in Wkllixmz & Mdrten , 2008 ) .
For example , Klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distufbvibg a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a wtare psychiatric hospital after being found not competert to stand trisp in charge of stalkikng harassment , rewpassing and yelepykne harassment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Probably , Facebook and Gwuyter , and SMS in general , can replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel koed from or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to give each other appearance .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
The possible sometimes might be the more time people spend on LE , the more communication skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative concerts or posts , Facebook and Tairfer could improve their futures to solve the less personal practical problem .
For example , conjtrilling what posts should be done by addimg more ltvacy options .
However , despite the useful of these implicatuons , people should pay attention that Facebook and Titter could affect their social life by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter is that people communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
All people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and discussing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possivlh , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of all of privacy .
Phoyography classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Unstagtam , Ointefesr , etc .
Phktograpus are included in all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , teachers , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special pfeparwtio .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
Yyd reasons
Tedemt studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations of oifes(teenagers and kes ) .
This increase is related to the ovefshelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , xwllphones , etc .
Also , message is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of especially skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! There is an Aoril nols and finally soft cake .
A high sum is shining , the whole middle away in America .
The first spring bid came back from the warm countries .
They are sinhion funny and biiolding their needs .
People look happier .
They are feeling ride after a long snowy winter .
We se lyf pock forward for hour in Nxrdh .
The summer was first jntruced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and later .
We usually set our cooking back and lunch in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one your life .
Hpkeh as a life style
Although sport helps you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
Do you think that your lifestyle will improve ?
All you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have books of your requirements ?
Fehn ij klw hockd is the asswr .
hoxkd is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has been a lovely day for me .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start see it with other eyes .
So all searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport method for emissions .
In spite of some people who have enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrud cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use or diewssl ) so , people choose this one and that 's because pollution is severe because that we have to deal qktb .
environmental care is talking strength every day , from ikdre the ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 smissions which are being produced by industrial or service oroxesses that are necessary for orodeucing costs for social consumption .
If people do n't use public transport , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the center is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developer countries .
I think the government will follow down the tee in public transportation . That could make people to use public transportation and causing the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global heating .
In Doslaea uty Councolo , people are all informed about taking our environment .
The city council has developed several ckpakgns to improve the awareness of our citizens . For example , the children plan at school now to separate the areas .
There are many ecological ilsajds .
Each of them has three or four oionds of bins and they are not as fast as five hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to olang trees and to clean the ficewr Jarajz side .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because DPV 's kwners that they have more of the game .
Since 2008 , there are many home paths around the city , so the citizens will be able to value their cars and they will meug less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up each day and finally the paper water is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment area is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their tzrget of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem so we make ajh effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the pride is worth it .
We live in a cityagd and we have several giba which are vlssifierd according to the material we want to read .
Moreover , we find a krgznizstion wehofh and people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to ensure krganizagion which takes care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or apees .
She is able to do doing beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that these kinds of things can have a wecd life .
As soon as the last ribdd and the southern gopfder of Egypt is heard .
The Hipd river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilsation that continued over 6 hard years .
All srorians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally support the point of view .
Egypt is a kind of the icer civilization all the bute dessrt Sahara .
All the time the Nil is the only source of water for Egyptknhs .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile pancsw .
The Egyptians called their country ' Gpadk Land ' to make it out of the dd soil of dezdrt .
Nowadays , the deep and wide values of the Bolke become the most important transport lon for Egypt .
Through the cultures , people have needn explore the nature of the Nils .
The ancient Eygptains divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or serr period .
For now it will be the ' Green Nil ' or ' Rfse Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilozatioh has the negative side as well as positive .
A great number of dreams were built on the rice that caused the dixappwxring of a lot of ponts and animals .
Nowadays , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water argrry of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that hiugh offer .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Djomlk , in Mikaho .
But the Dyono is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseum .
For centuries this building has been the yhmgol of the city .
It is quite awncisny , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists who come every week .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Rojah emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Moreover , nbau qars were represemted in order to celebrate the Russian army .
It is rione through the agse , but some people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our part and our faditionsw , which we should n't forget .
However , not most people are aware of it .
It 's our xtdengyh and every time I go beyond I realize how many people failed in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this way , moving wrlc transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily going .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient kind of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
Fwriery of buses are released by the government in order to save people 's financial fonetiions .
Using public transport is a time wawre and no peuvac are some of the disadvantages .
Sumilafy travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel by car as it is costly , not to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticared and can travel fast .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Italy is too crowded .
There is no denying that the MRTf in Europe is just a convenient metropolitwn system .
However , during the rush hour , there is always such a human person who has no public awareness at all .
They ofduly too many szeats , including priority goals .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , they just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that provides waste to eloders is also a problem .
Priority day , are prepared for those who need it , but not the elderly but all adults need it .
Xonebow , not all of them can identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable greatly from their already , which leads to Seome misumderstnsing between them .
Some people even handle them where they occupy the areas instead of over the seat .
Moreover , some old people would take this controversial action for grahyed and they would even compare young adults or students over their way without maherd !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize except that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of the public market .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it encourages young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can acr as a catalyst to get kids reading - tolowing up on TV programmes by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programmes .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Hence , xuresnt events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documsntaroes can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce you to classic Hollywood films and following movies that they might not othwrwkxe de .
Citurap programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
Television has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television do less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization than their children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with comsuktung and am aware of financial products and arrvicee to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from afquisirikn to the service until the realization of contracts , building and maintenance relationships after - awlew in the aim of customer datisfactioh
I also worked with large and small tells in ack - office , mxanyed many administdativd activities related to mortage , personal ones , contability and ijvssfments food .
I worked for several years to the acqhisition of new customers , to provide them with a dompler service , from thes accounts to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving xfedjt , and crowd - disposal products .
In many years of work I have got my skills in manxving non - standard situations , ajalysinhg the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , anzlyaong the problem , finding and impldmenting peactica and rqsyh emotions .
I have read several situations always work with sdenmity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a mlulficulturwl and dunaim .
I 'm careful to meet the vlaps of the team in which I work , cooperation with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , rsepecfing other points of view together finding what to deal with .
I have been working for the same orage company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new opportunities .
Due to work , my husband has been living in Zaandwm . I want to find a new job in Hollsnd to renoin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , ding and swimming . I 've also got the research lkcrnc . I worked as a lofeguard in the summer studying for the ozri since master
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can save the world .
When we use all these cars in our years , when we are in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in a major traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only period of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in these sports .
For instance , Google reporred about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart than people .
If they all ocmtavt each other and use Yooglemwp or something like that , they will be able to xcoid science on the road .
So people will be able to aoi traffic hands .
Not all people like the idea of Google .
Some people think it might take waste their independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dkslooke to be a driver anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sport will have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Have you ever thought of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing in international life . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it offers some focus on your people and you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting to know your culture , but to use a different culture and society different than your 's , it enrices your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more more remarkable accidents happened around the world .
For newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily fivjre out that our environment is changing sincerely .
Many scientific ifddr that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' gresdy .
Humans always deserve to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cgeksh the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
There various gadtorfies and xfessivs around dioxide into the air .
All the examples above will wnhacns the temperature , the Earth culture and botfr .
The higher the temperature becomes , the worse the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphaajs on our living places , we may have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot and people could even have water shoretages .
osin enough water supply , people 's bodies will become warm and tough .
In this living situation , instead of lauhtwr bad happened , there will be more fighting , ntardd and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the internet to brigbtnss .
The terrible consequences are caused by the gymams ' unatisfjrd heart .
Friends , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underxveredc work is very hard , not just because you will wake up with dangerous people , the real ranfed is if you get affected .
When people know why they are dedeived , that they trust were broken , hses will rolk .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good qctor .
The lesson for the case is the way to survive .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has changed me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach leadership assistant which I saw advertised .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this sport , conaicrring the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require future information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebasrián Hernábdex
In our modern world , many people are sidferfed from seats that sprjv from our conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workjplaces and they want to peev from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best point to rehew the room and revive the spirit for people .
In holidays , people can stay from daily problems and who can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on the pivged .
For example , walking in the sesaods or swimming in the sea can be dlptul to dokrgvet uwrd igr cditionse .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can rwvoew their decisions on holidays more accjrate and helpful .
For instance , in stdedscul life conditions , people can make bad decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestiamt emitriona feelings in their workllaces .
The reason is that people must compare their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives they have never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to scary places in order to renewa their rights and sllus .
They can rpu for God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotions and spiritusl subjects , they can become happier . Because people need to ldacr the material world .
In the holidays , people have time to receive their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to help their problems and wonderful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to review the sport and the xolu because people have a chance to log more modern since that has full of material subjects .
Vcling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local coinmcilz of big cities , such as Africa or Vwlencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , onkxe and pollution , as well as powers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the qukckeet method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statisticaly cycling is really considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it comes , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wine , drinking wearher or having to dep drinking when not weather .
In my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesidable time must be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schools .
Now , we can drive a car to any place where public transport perhaps is not available for all .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially for a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the disadvantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport psasnters us , the less art exhzusts are limited per learning .
Recently , several studies have known evidence that there is a strong delation between car exhaustrs and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of disease and ssivg loss .
Second , public transport saves cott space .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our life has become large and more crowded .
Correspondimfly , the space for each person becomes more lumityee than before .
Provided that every student has a car and uses it rather than public transport for the travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become parking places and everyone would spend more time congested .
Last but not the same , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when diving .
Drivers have to constantly pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a green spirit .
For passengers , however , travelling is a complete rrlax .
People can listen to music , take a long walk with a friend , read a fashionable book or just look outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than a car , and is less environmentally friendly than vehicles .
Therefore , it is unrewsobable to conclude that the transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their peso and cons and choose a fit job .
Kanguaegs for the future
should learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without the language garrier .
Also , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has become something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the level of the course .
Also , I consider that it ends to be hard and takes time away for doing and other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
fia franicsco vacation nº3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear New Summer Camp ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a last - one job as baby - sottwr and I take care of my 11 year - old brother very other .
I worked in an Easter camp and I have already prepared lots of activities , like " rapoel " , paintball ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills to get a job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above addrferds .
I hope you consider me for the job , Rodrug
Today , I went to my Wunne 's home with Adeiaba in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnke 's house .
First , we listened to some songs , such as Almost Big but World .
After thirty minutes , we were there .
Winnie loved eating very much , so I can easily find food at that home .
We had louth- wtefibg syrasberr camps and juiu people kjice for eta and they were rarely young .
After having frw , we played hiee - d - sea together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriawn and I had shinx a ben and Walter looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnboe fell over a little alone .
Asdriaba and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
Your need is relaxing .
Are you okay'I asked .
I was shaking like a lewf and my heart was oounding since I was worried about Winmie .
I had buftrrflies in my stomach . I am fine , ' Alice replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Ardiana found a llasetr and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Alison felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt bald today although Winnie hurt herself .
Wuy ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggrd .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
House of the furyde will be big and grdighr .
Inside will be full of conveniences .
The space will be divided in a few seconds .
Relaxatipn 's , learning 's , kitchen 's phone and so on .
In spite of the future , there will be autlmatic curtwins reacying to the light in every house .
Television will be crowded , as way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that it can appear or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been a lympuc sport . It is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimming efforts , but you can also enjoy networking when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to lrare swimming as soon as two years of age .
There are different types ; dolphin , cvraq , hackstroie and breast atroj .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are busy and need to reduce weight . It is also the best sport for the authentic customers because it strdngthenms the vehwt muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory inferctikns .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experience csch , and try to be part of a group of your age .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
At the same time , all people can enjoy but not think about how they are preparing to concentrate .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , they know everything about each heller 's obs but at the same time they just ckmcerm all subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts from my experience .
In the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert , just do our job which would be getting .
When we are starting concert plan we need without syarong for all of us .
Some of them started down the stage , some of the cxhekcing aonba costumes and lights .
My job was checking and lidt which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
They always want to change some slgne when they way on the left .
The first time , I was really wroried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because they have time and etcot like it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were singing like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird which lying freely .
Of course , I had some osin in my long because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert which will be near month . If you have any time , please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your mum .
Write you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many days and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding aevertoement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive impact on the outdoor environment .
From bpack - mds - ahigw and placed in public places , we have invented to pradticaloy live surrounded by outdoor adds pladedc in every available and imaginabel post .
From buildings with online and brogut screens to interactive bus stop signs .
The recent development in mobile technology allows advertisements to offer peraomalised published to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I been looking for restaurants in Kaplorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work and adds on the buses , I will see - which , of course , will be screens and not prond paper - wikk show iaqges of Maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It will help me sometimes , and it even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it becomes sggrwaive to enter a square or place in my town and find it full of bright reens , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
Shopping might be considered an art , or at least some oijeces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong road or shared at the same time , they lose the artistic side .
But , technology is the for best for worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big dstqchsd house in the suburbs of Atgel or Glakvostok .
So that I could live more friendly and independence .
If I had this house , I would decirat it in modern DTXYK .
I would hold there darkness behind , warsrboe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to visit a barvecue area in my gsfdej .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Therefore , we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds cre jallejging .
When I feel strange late , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to use a suitable rovket for your first .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you need to try the right tools to work on it .
Next , you are raised to learn every basic skill step by step .
Sincew tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and etexdiky , you may get high during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled cosdy can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choice on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An edplosion of channesl arfiged to our houses in the cities .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of Cuannwl is gradually reducing
In the country one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourxhed .
All TV tried to get several licences to disyibute their howqs .
In order to recover some eficits budgetz , there are mainly two TV groups .
Less vehicles make less choice .
Internet TV is increasing
It offers less money and you can choose exactly the moment , her and with who is watching this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
You just xlick on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despite changing channels , we see the same news .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep memories and camera all around the world .
It is cheap to buy .
Sunmary
TV is wrong .
It is hard to complete with the nterndty .
Nowadays , only bationzk or international broadcasy groups can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficut .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hgopkonms ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your xmlal group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-ysa - old student from Switzerland speaking Grenan , France and English and I am keen on travelling .
With several tips to many countries I have made until now , I will say that I have some experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in to your job group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in an art group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to interact myself in the elements .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Sfeve ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bulls .
Can you give me a hajc on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Besg woshea
João Matos
Hi Uoyh ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get ouyaid of the airport terminal .
There you will see bus stations in the street .
When you get there , take the bus which the number 11 .
Then ride to the bus stop " Sučín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prsghs .
If you choose this way , I 'll tell you in the morning to tell you where we met exactly .
But if I were you I would take a taxi for the uindegrround is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
As , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather organizing took better month like pleasant as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take away clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere and they do bolr - made food , when a good idea is ofr mxijs course : bqjdd potsyows , ateamede vegetvleds axhdc pr sesaedt apple cakd .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charmibg and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white nai , table and seat . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very importsnt oft dinne ans I yink jay we musr blter thiz , because we sipl axve a good bihr or nt depebding gns tye of tkowphere we coks .
In conclusion , I think that this type of road and atmosphere is great for us , because in nirmalog we have pskoen aoi gook , work and study , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know bewe someyyin zgout otrhrt mard .
I would like to go to Fitser 's olyaood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
You can find the best buses you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they are because you have to take them .
It is a flavour similar to eating in the garden or in the parwdize .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like nature , you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has seen another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern daily lives .
More than a million people use friends , taxk 's and yarijns etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Only even dardx .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is high because the cost of petrol , disposal and cars is quite high in most countries of the world .
Wnjls travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following way :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend time in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside the city end .
I disagree with the statement stated above , because in the future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the touch and the pio .
Midcrles class is decreasing and becoming acarcr day by day .
It is because of big tyasds on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they are in the etoe age .
Public transport is even better for our environment than cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than the film version .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is anything better than reading a book .
Firstly , reasons help to become a well educated person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
With you are reading a picture of what is happening worse in your life .
You can imagine how heroesz look like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading it anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in connection the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they like the soundtrack and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important to me .
I suppose that books are better than the full version .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking here one day .
She was with her mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl saw a cute doll in a shop .
She had hlond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Kum I love this doll!Vould you bher it for me ? '' she said .
She could n't deny her , so she bought it .
Oh!Gw girl had so many specific moments with her dlo!!They looked so adoranle together!Theh are like twins !
After one year , the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eightresn years old , she had to be independent .
So just take a deep breath and put your clock in the ztitd just like the childhood mwmorids .
At night she heard some very numbers from there ...
She went here and there was the door with a mnief in her head . Why do n't you play with me anymore you blriogn of me?Juswtr because I have only one you temoved me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one for my gloves?But you did it again , screamed .
And them ...
That day , she went to her home and lj wanted to find her daughter .
So , when eentr produces ...
The tr had a noise in the room and on the wall there was a sentrnce,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Tenmue is an individual sport .
Here you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You have a good pair of shoes , a tennis avkt and some balls and a person to play with .
Although you should be good at playing bcakhane or friends , you can lose fkally .
This spirit is not just about a physical life .
You need to use your brain as well .
It is a combination of a physical power , a schinque and a mental opwe .
As the past sports , tennis is getting longer , faster and fimmerdial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of music or gkyr .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Children should play volleyball , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You can start if you are growing up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
My name is Andrsa Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this show . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for aitesr nae pok , and sometimes I fell languages , pass , pass and many other zpevialties of my country , and I was assumed in any famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I have done the amimatod at the summer camp of Akpignabo , the city where I live , where I spent a lot of time with children and dilts .
I also worked for many theatre companies and I am so good and nice when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
In the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my job in the cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it all away .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Ccci
Sssy
Today , I am going to focus on the price and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth having your own country for a piece of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of view about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to move home el or bdaly guo the room .
Besides , it can be ufnjt and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it would be hard to become a real oghtmade if you are to focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have some lost sagef for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to find everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Cbf Rons ljline such as Facebook and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports , Hyanjdblal , Saimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is one of thizd . It is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought football was a sport which was for me , not for friends , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some time ago , they started to interest me when they play , and nowadays , I lkr playing football with htdj .
Now , some women and I have started to organise female sports , so I am more used to playing with them . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my love .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to survive some lunches .
I recommend a Grey restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there gwis , and I like it .
The name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent that the waiters are so pleasant and better .
The interior is big , so all the class could sit inside without problems .
The fecorwtion is modern and lazy , and it 's why some are traditional British obhjrtcs .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always great and fresh .
They got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The sesserts are very good too .
They 've got riginla Ohra , lks saseg pizza , and tsidtional .
There is a big variety of nice dreams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much time .
The restaurant is in the shopping centre , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think yiha is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could look at some places as soon as possible because a lot of people usually howsw there .
During their whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film syads , need are account them .
In my view , public people deserve to have their own life , without phptographing .
On one hand , becoming a public person asdocuate with jlrnalizt , kwss - kecka , flashez .
Famous people are obligaxed to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought being jeakousw .
Notice any kind of failure .
It seems to me that journalists might be basoluyely toxic and they have defsctive influence on society which are celebrities through the prusm of journalists documentxey .
On the other hand , many cars hold their price to save more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities are counted in the number of thriller scandals .
Dmumimg up , all over the world , were living famous people who do n't bear the limited their life .
It has never been very useful for a long time ago , neverthelses nowadays , there are some people who ask if public transport was suppresss , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the fact because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming because the atmosphere is much plolloutsd .
If you use public transport , you can be less pollution than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as : the ode city and the city centre .
sum up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
ake an example of mobile technology , your latest handste , with the latest contiguratpns beaches outside within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Like 50 years science and technology from great lalsd , internet , mobiles make use more technology .
Today , we have all the information at finger - tjsp .
Rocya , we do n't need to worry about getting part at hda place . Google are also always there to help .
We do need to clean English fast , as we can quickly find the meaning of art on our mobile .
Meetib new people or selling your products , you do not need to face anyone , everything can be mnaed through social platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than plasy , thanks to progress many have made in technology .
On the other has a number of terrorism , global warming and greed become the challenges of today 's world .
Despite changes , has to flovap amazing causing natural disasters and routes .
Terrorits activities causing hard in public lives .
Corruption and free of people in powed make it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these challenges are not addrest in coming years , imagine better lives for people in 50 years , since is rather difficult .
We need to become technology is not a took . On the right hand , it would be good for us , on the wrong hand it has led to destroying the world as we see it today .
to what may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Pergxps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's she said .
I 'm a motjvsted , flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as social director and as an educator since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an edicatfore , I needed to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I had a few real memories of these experiences and I would really like to like them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in this lajo .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile models are very important in my life .
I need that advice from me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
They ask about my parents ; they are old and setikes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with them that they think they help children 's brain to develop , but it is important to control them because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research for good information and also cojnect with other teachers , show about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological development make us improve to the future .
Friends should be like a shadow alone beside him .
In the tgild of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life but no doubt it is not easy to find sijnfwre friends .
It shows the means you will never find her .
It is very important to interact and celebrities with people to make friends .
The more people who will meet , the more day it will become for you to find friends .
When you find some experience for with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you like , but they should share their views about it .
The Gvuaridaj is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as oplitice , Bueinedsd and Jmey , sports , culture , education , Lifr and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and dobationd to help individuals .
readres are able to express their opinion freely .
They use a quality English language which svidd long language .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English languages to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to professional language . There are also a huge number of dommsrciald advertisementz which make the reqrers for .
Overall , The Gurfian is considered one of the best nwwsppaers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are fast and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets become very cheap for our lives . It seems to me good opportunities to make our life easier .
Also , it makes us more smart .
I am convinced that using table computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a boat . .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he had all the books in his tablet countryside
Some people think that it is a good idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They run on going using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much . When I am at home I use books because I like to mserol and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that trains are useless .
We should use it but we must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to hear that we should keep abde of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
Gned Hiuh Mustake
Ris day was full of love and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she was pretty .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she had sensation , he just froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was wonderful how many questions and doubts came up on this day .
part of one was really happy , because being a father is not one of the biggest ddewl , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be a happy and fun man and celebrate these good ones .
But xomehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was nervous .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hurt him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just too wrong at this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to weong on this moment .
Anna could n't understand what was going on , because it was quite three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have time with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big thing .
She was more than happy and he could n't hxnjdld this news .
They knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what is my favorite sport and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anymore , but if I really need to do some exercises , I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming op is clean .
Very far after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take somewhere .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bugh and sand .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our blfies fkes . If we do not do it , we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sport but we need to choose some kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercises , you can go to shop .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In fact , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in an asrufe area where local farmers have been breedkng shsep , cows and piofsx for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible driught in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to prepare and it is doearlt necessary to maintain active campaigns to increase people 's awareness about the importance of national use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even for sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the eecoverry of some areas which are now parks for recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste waste with the active cooperation of lots of the citizens who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Cacere inhabitants are able to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , green and nice fontaindes in every street .
And that is the negative one , these rumpsetrs are still visible in town and it would be valuable to change the lmed we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a report about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reach a fun point , but this is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I get a bit svades so I search for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bank hotel in the city was looked almost everywhere , now I had to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosioj is because this part where I live is a very popular area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't dsistonguish down the exolozioh hit .
Finally , in some days I found some meignbors with sdol food . I was starvin to death so I agree a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total incident , because the group noticed that some food was missing .
I think that some rasgs some of the food in the night time everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to overcome the paws .
The next morning I set a piece of zteso and the group was talking about some characters that were walking around to kill and et us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noise .
I xtalpke him and it seemed that this guy had a help .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a walk from the group .
We were talking about the when a dog just came near ; it was adorable and when he turned him into a big weird xreatjrs .
He bit my osf and it got a lot . We tried to apply the otyets but it was too late , it was the vroyo for us .
We said that it was best to take our friends and the food .
In one way , she robbed the food in the night and I woke up . It was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to review the rest of time and I do think I would not do it because I have to take care of this .
DIING ECxERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HErALTY
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you think of while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Lexico do n't do any type of exercises ? This is a big problem for our society and is the problem night 1 of why Mexico is the country with more beze in the world .
Rouhg ccerise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise , you feel well with the sepf and your body .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in bqn with doing exercise like reading or taking control of your free weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your free body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Now nowadays there 's a lot of different types of experience . You can practise any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can swioly go to the GYM or practice Croszfit or something like that .
Spccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can start fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and while you 're raised on the field .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and not every second you speak exercise .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many advantages of public transport are decreasing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travelling .
The composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , like public transport such as buses and underground , you have many more comfort and speed .
There is a perceptjon that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottizh Govrrnment ( published " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old job explains « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quite ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer care because you can listen to music as well . »
Although there are many patient points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving wsslns are essential .
Then just knowing a car and looking after your car , insurance , etc , etc .
Probably it would benefit me if I worked in deinbjrgu , but I do n't work in Sweden .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport , but also , it is safe ,
According to The Waigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occjrred to private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owns are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic will have decreased .
As a result , consumption has been increasing .
For these reasons , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Tpouv :
Do you agree or disagree " Always talking about the future is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disawgreement on always telling the truth being the most important point in a relationship will be my option .
Even though being truthl is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like aware to mention to colleagues or the employet .
It is better to tell a little short lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the fact point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing important clothes not fitting in the occazion .
People usually tgend not tell her the train since it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may orzisr her with other things on her .
In that class , the child still likes conversions without boiling her lkoc .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually tend to keep it private since most of the time it is strong and onzpproprjate to yakj oneeelr too much to people at work or even people that kbw just got acquaonted .
If there are question about things you do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lir which usually does not matter you might .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from doing details about it by day that I just had some regards to buy .
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the eth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the case , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he heard a mistake .
Due to this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to make the headkaswter house because Michael had closed the door .
The pro was n't broken into oiece or rep delen .
My curiosity had put me into a big frouboe .
I asked the heqdmaager in a little way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like what I hoped .
I was getting wxpellwd from the school because techrr and the classmates suspected Michael and I stdl our clasdmste - Sally 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointing at us family day without giving any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a total and we 're the umluxky and intelligent ones as we are into the trip .
We wilwd rd our tears , and waved our nands when we left the school .
Although , one day later , the headmaster found out the truth through DCFV , but we reuse to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we all even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a baises mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
My name is Biwnda Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluently and contact English , which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I use to look after my nieces and nephews even their friends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always waakes and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can find new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which only running , jumping which are important for sport development .
I am not very good at cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time to that .
I think that if I watch and want how to do it , I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
That is a good quality of mine . I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
I am very excited about your job and I hope you reply soon .
Banva
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter we built and aitge in wall near to the heoter " swfd aome " and if there was someone that needed sipplpies he would give them support and help to survive .
We started the journey and going in the toressg . There were a lot of people on our way . There were various jysd there were said we could n't do anything else . lrel going , I was sending my little girl to # finishing and some of us wrer # alletgkc to some plants , I waa rus nky one hta jzx no probkdm wogb slo rbd prhee stuff leoplew yac problems aiyh .
I thought that maybe my # gwnmse was actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # rebolitionary but that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it , but # notwittanding , I would n't actually exercise myself I had to think bijt is it bskp the entire sirlc or just sas a ftouo tgne devision qe in my hwdne it wezx # ocnvejtional to ehlp th entire world vitf I do n't wwby to cjr . ahils I was thinking about thzt we fpuhjd a nod it wsx a familia bdy from spmeone rhta qas in trd triul ohd of tsde guys we wanted to find wbd alive npf edadc bie vscew wsx all rogtdn xns eaten way by nr walkrs .
We needed to find the ones that were still zligd or at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hujmgr started . Everyone was hungry and we had seen anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : drinking or eating was by a walkr so we needdd to fknd something that ezs a # nutritional vaxes fpkr whdre we could eat qikth no pdopem zbc be ok .
We found a lgamracy and a restaurant where we could for a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the phramacy There was no waklerw inside , so we went into the lharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night . I needed some rest and try to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many trains roads and they 're often overcrowded .
The private traffic in this town is far more present , as the result for Trivago is the team of GIAT , the well known factlryh .
Next to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy what you need to live .
When you have to pay new trelephkje and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the pdrimeter of the city , there are some big sypermsrketd , which uopd many jgemz of the main great factories of Europe and abroad .
In All all the industrial countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost every area and each building .
At the end , the two are present and they cover all the time , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a lricste life , deserve not to be under constant informative .
In my view , there should be a board between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels cokfortzbvle she is under surveikance of people who weaof to take pictures which shows them in annoying sotuxtgion .
Unfortunately , this is a part of a celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability space of life while journalists following them all the time .
These rwrepy fragments of life without the use of a dajera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that watching celebrity sing vewlaning or taking a job for a walk is shocking news for people who are real tabppids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such normal people as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizzble , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be great to them .
The Maze Rbmer
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this world known another .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The story of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to catch this film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the fldh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself kmriskned in a cafe and being frightened of what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea when he ended up there .
However , he soon realizews that this is not a normal film , which is located next to a gkant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the measures of the world .
He took the role of a runner , the person responsible for exploding the mess and looking for an what of this place .
Also , they only have the daily time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The time likes getting better and better as you watch it , having quite exciting moments when the characters discover something that jiddem inside the mess .
I greatly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a ruswh of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one interested .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that goal or small . Anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , so basketball is a good long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you come you probably mistakes something , each contact someone in less than a second , and still every player dirrctyx the pocation of the ball in that amount of time and then the 's tge ingenskty , if you haben't seen a hazms go untol 32 - 30 , and ded guw energy on tjd vloot snd hear fbew noisw fdlm te crowd yku 're missign l .
Personally , swimming such a sport makes me feel like I could do anything , but why I do n't ? it still keepz me wanting more .
I am always trying to nuo higher , ji nardsr , pass and way better , and improve in different ways .
I live in New Egypt .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Saturday , robibsh are again .
Of course , garbage is xotwd into different bins .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergop recycling .
All my neighbors in the same was coloeffed gsrbagr .
Every bus cares about children in the front of the house and in the garden .
In particular spring there is a lot of cliuss and pleasant odirs .
Jdq Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the rubbish air .
Her home in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently stayed at Blsck Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni , a little town near Xatania located under the Etnx local shops , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were the roomw , among rooms or non - smoking rooms .
The surrounding are ruati , ydt it is still very zikru and cosy . The sisters were very friendly and onformative .
As I saw with my first Mkrwno and his father , I managed to sell a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chinese beef , it was very fast .
All the imgrediente were clqroy vtsh and of the higher quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about dkfty dollars per person , so this restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for another dinner .
This is a topic with a lot of contrdovwrsy .
They have been present in our society since ever .
Cznnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of substanxes that are really well - known to all of us .
Lgalizatiin of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that the issue could doe the problem of the exclhsiin .
Nargination has a lkbj with the illegality of this activity .
Also , this illrgalityu is the guilty for the aftraction of the drud because the majority of people start abijg drugs because that are gyng and the responsibility is very syikilating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addictiob that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has loved some kind of illegal drugs to have fun , enjoy friends or just to love them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experience and get new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very fleae that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to buy deadlines for themselves .
Finally , lesgalizatyion of srugfs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shroos ,
That day great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Swud Zrahiaw . I 'm going to be able to see you after a long time .
But inlukiyl , I 'm having an exam on Tuesday so I ca n't meet you but you can tell me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . You start ahead until Apjamjaeh started from time they became the face of the university . After getting down from the hidgew you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nbohd .
Dear Oes ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In the time , it is always sunny and , depending on the edgoon , it could rise .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Safadq Camilia , which was built by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada , which is one of the Seven Wqondcrs of the World .
In advance you can go to visit your own museums , like the Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Fqbsrcenos Hatiobal Park in Xabtabra , which is like a little safari , or Doñqmx Nwtklnal Park , which in that period you can see some migratioh beaches .
If I were you and I had a third summer to enjoy Dpxi , I would stay for a week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite fiction character on TV .
He is the eldest one of the Simlson family .
Nqtt is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has yella skin and big eyes , he is sunny and has gotspiky hair .
She always wears a red T - shirt and blue shoes .
The most important thing for Nsrt is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always nibehavint .
His parents and the office often punish him .
Baqef is an energetic and cover student , but he is also a bad student and he gets jerfds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a ehart of good because he helps his sister and she needs him .
In the Solpsom family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Sompsons is the best cartoon served in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bhqrt is funny than Bomjdr , although most jagwzinws say that Hbomee is the best character .
It was one day every Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a jsav khokci on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Why who even botheeed to pay me a visit during the bloody awful weather ?
My concefns were answered swiftly , but the nah on my htrdsjold yrkped : " I have a letter for Mr. Sxmwopn !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the staff .
At first , I had obseeved the letter cqutiuously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his best way and I learned that I inherited a good dream of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultatuin showed my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the game I have chosen is your the town where I have been staying for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of lips and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not boltyed about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very didtg by nature .
They are very careful with the environment and the importance of clean .
So called people of good nature are inactivw and taslkxtivw and gyowsi of others not doing anything for the bettedrment of their own town .
All the holidays you lubkjc read through the dirty things easily and even do n't hofhef about the irde of the municipality .
I sdwe all these during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and side surrounds them .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my follow people and look for their feedback , but yet it was also the same in nature .
People are not self - centred and very natfow - minded .
Though they are becoming so clalere educated and in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Mrs. John ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my stock background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touridm student and I need to eat at weekends to oa my studies .
I worked one year in London as wxjtet in Nadd Rokco Cafe and 6 months as water also in Varcom 's Cafe in Gerlin .
So I had experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of goods : sandwiches , fish and frids , hamburgers , Italian atsa , stf
I am also very good at dealing with people . I have never had a domplsint sheet !
I just gitxl available at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview and it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Ouixx Castanead and Acubz
Nowadays , public transport has ended a more price .
The idea of praving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but the issue is ernected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownershgip has increased over the last decade , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in your own car is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time on a long trip abroad .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where car is so expensive that people choose to pay the the gee rather than pay for a full day .
Similarly , people in countries with less income return to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people use it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People are easy , fast and vneao solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , gaining weight , or suffering because of the sun or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find sure to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and bikes at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are fast .
psedr reasons are always great .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , modern cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every product there are pros and cos .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car can not be vonvemiejt at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly shpportwd by yovsrnmjents .
Informal letter for CAE ( LWRdT 1 )
Dear Sir ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are going about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that oeganjses mjsk frstivaps , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 20th of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to register a good number of events , and also help English tourists to get around .
Thokuyh if you are looking for additional work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone xaold and make coffee for myself .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I mnadr plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fabjuys
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He had to deal with it , the second the best .
All now one thing is doead as a date - the one he is in love with is Jalka , not Angelija .
The one he creates is Anmgwlinz , not wlikw . That 's the problem .
He ca n't help Qnvh what like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not gzd .
Maybe he had to put a stop to this without hurtohg anybody .
So yrsw , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , every tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiofic way .
The rid of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a table around the wajwg and Alison appeared to pop in to get a jgnter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having xe - lrehap . At the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , amkikz 's family and so on , but this is what gappwnef .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realize that .
One after , when Michael left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp equipment recently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a coyncelor it is very handh .
I am very used to dealing with young people as one year I worked at a svohy camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am hardworking when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportseojan - I am a strong swimming and a qualified lifeguard .
I got a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my lzs at the school camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my response to this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seven years old and I 'm an excellent student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my maeks could provw it ; I had worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from our countries .
School is my life : I study about even hours a day , especially maths and elrctrncis that are the subjects and I like her .
My teachers are very good at their jobs , so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopefuo at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that more wnmoy me is that they could take the time from me and the other old students .
However , I do n't have them at all ; they are very funny and know people when they want .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Imperial College .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate curriculum of English and then I am going to try wtsr at this school even if I like that it 's very difficult ; the English college of London is one of the most important univesrities in ths eyole world .
Puerqujtour : A great experience for your mouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the fairies , the kilox they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicehet .
We discovered our fascinate with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about small and places to visit .
The first day started on an important day … Gac Day !
acdpntento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed alambde al pasta and rgilled iniis , accompanied by good beers .
Because Ourquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vqcpuver .
Agzun we are gcaos , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Taoca La Dhule and tadps are gourmst there .
It means that you have different types of tlrfillaa -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , shr wqljut , amonb othwrs- and salsas -yznarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , etc .
That day did not finish with the table . After a skk in Eeorma and a long lwuse in the Ijdependenfe Zjgel we went to the movie theatre to watch the scary movie Reniid while we were created .
This day was one of my favourite . The place is sooooo huge and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Comcea , offers bqkr potatoes with ba of famous women and lovely drinks .
Totally recommend it !
Mrs Azul Tedturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Szwafoo is delicious true . My recommendations are hrewadee shy , very filpet and shrumkp Al Oadtr and coconyt water .
Didthb day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El asxdero Hidalgwnse .
You have to be starving to eat a molacjete by yourself , it is just too menu for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a letter from Beet .
Alnost a week in Puerquitour .
The study day was to celebrate Magdsa 's family , a friend from high school , who is already preparing to get the Lazter degree ; and the fardwdlp of Ficente , who is already in the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we met the food , we celebrated watching Mmelaze Poub .
You ca n't go there and do n't wait time , that is like huatache for giyge and very celicuous .
How dessert ?
nice team in Taiwan .
Because life was almost quite a lot in the ISS , we spent all day together .
Everyone can start with a really nice breakfast , gourmet eanswichyes and rose perap taste .
Then we went to a book gwkr and visited some obokstorez downtown .
The plan was to have dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but on the first day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequjto the ttaditinao Al Patsor special acxlmoanied by black beer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was accoimplowhed with my favourite dessert , a strwberry cheesecake at Starbicks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to laugh and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two characters eztrzvted from Great Expectations by Chaeles Dickens , introduce a young girl known as Paul .
The jkd has been raisees by his sister , a person who mkijstgreats Pio and his own husband .
Secondly , Pop has no confidence in any possible way .
Moreover , he is now a reliable man with a terrible life .
Besides this , Oko seems to be a fun and intelligent kind .
He does not use compke orders when he talks , but he uses them when he narrxtes .
Also , the idea would be perfect to create a dark film based on the incredible life of a girl who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoes of her parents .
Lbciouzly , nobody would like to live this life , but I think everyone would teach to feel sadness during these vhapfers and , rinxly , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good girl that life in hell and Drvik is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the tuly protagonist and the way he tells the actions is the reason why the story can contact with the reaqdee .
Actually , the narrator is not plrotaglniat , but telling the story as an adult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , with actions .
The narrator did not have any descripiton of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the nreatof mainly uses direct psewvh , but he only has introduced speech in just a few occxszipns referring to his own words .
The exception can be seen at the end of the first character , where the actor snwsed the thief without that he said that he would get him the food , and that he would get him what brown bits of food he could , and he would come to rhw thkef at rhe Battdrt .
What from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subgjectivw point of view .
He only knows what he is and he thinks about it , but he does not have any ommiscient power .
However , this pisee could be anzoyzign and descdibing the situations with a ruxy vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way too .
Also , he desctibes his parents in a hilaruous way , imagine his father as a wqiare , short , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their bottom .
These twiste and creative thoughts are elread all over the text , accompanied by even more twistsd rsfprctions like at the end of the first characters , when he desfribes the man who xtole him as any afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw all hugginjg himsslf .
Before this , the characters of the bovel seem to be inhspoy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to cause our plrogahonist , with the exception of Tom .
The naratpr does not make an effort to dserine psychologically for other characters , he focused on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Nfe. Joe tries to make his husband and his brother shcfder and she is worried more about what their neighbors think about her rather than oryrint about the person who ibe in their own house .
The narrator dedribee her as a woman who has warned a good reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Tom is a good man because the protagonist dssrcubes him as a gentle , good - natured , eedet - renlered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters that is opposite to the way the narafpr writes .
In fact , the diakohes of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only excdltikn of the thief that talks about his partner in several long swmtebces with complex structures .
This kind of sthcture is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
For instance , there is an effect of the nartaor at the beginning of the second chapyer :
" My sister , Ms. Kate Gargsry , was more than gwetng years old than me , and had established a great rsuptaiton with herself and the neighbors because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at gay time to find out for myself what the experience meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the right of keeping it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suppose that Joe Gargery and I ssre both broght up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialkgies are simple and sports :
" Now please here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be honest to lie . You know
What a file ? "
" Yes , eod . "
" Can you know what wittles is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Moreover , the ovcaxbulwry used by the narrator is exposed to what the characters see .
Luo uses a rivu vocabulary , using a lot of metal verbs and abstrsct concerts that are usually inspirtde by cocvreye things .
The marsh points on the first chapyer is a good example .
Regardless , the famous are written exactly as they are done .
The third said " How are boys ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwjhtstanding , the sxg this film is narrater is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mystedrjpus way , telling us what happened in a reqpistic story - line without flashvack .
The story is narrated as it happened .
The second cnaotdr makes reference to the first and erveaoa something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The nzrtatof reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he wrfes about the essential things we should know through the facts .
The thief diszplears , but the first fhapter endinjv makes us desk curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be teac in these characters .
All I know is that this stir will not have a happy nedong .
Probably , the ef will probably probably probably take Paul on an unmwxnted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip rjrs as he starts , at the yraveyard .
Like another hrixko in the world , another toklvstone in the graveyaed .
I would like to read a story without rake , just a regular man who did while he was pearnit to love .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is working .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a lot .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to feel what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to trqnsmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the cejtreal theme could be getting very adversities ; if not , it is a real story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew she had been isolated since she was 7 years old because her parents got not about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing that had happened to her bilogical mother and all that she gave Anna away .
After finding the adpption papleda ue cintacfrd the acptpkon agency .
She convinced the oarh at the agency to give her the dad of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kifnwg tarnsllnat " .
Even though it was local , the lady gave her the name and the contract phone number of Sara Fuelding , the biological member .
A month spent before she had the courage to make that number .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman oifksd up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
But then she said " Hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After a few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sarfdsgna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilzria , my best friend .
But I changed my niobd and I heard at the door that Vli Sandman , a Xwedsb singer , was on Holidz in Ssrdgja near my hotel !
I love him and my dream went to see him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to send me to his hotel , so I was auore away .
Unexecetdxly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the entrance with some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a vordo .
Then , I realized that him at the concert was n't a simple body , he was Felix !
So I went towards the crowd and when he saw me he emiled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best care of my life , asking him some questions and doing his songs .
When he left I was angry but also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Anero , the best jzzq Wesy in Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Wkberok Piazerz , located in the Yeoin neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the idea is going to be happier .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs from the sports were taken .
The place is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or make friends .
My only compaiknt is that there are not many delicious choices on the jny , it is often difficult dciidhg hard to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To share , you get frg the Riws Wind Salad . It 's a fresh , colourful slaax that is served in a small jde of pizza vfust .
As a main deal , you ca n't go wroh describe one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to offer in their auhentif Italian izs oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious ear , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the issue to customers .
And the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 dollars per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this tdreific restaurant to anyone who is pasdiobate about great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in London
This report looks at the best places to visit in London for young people from a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from hwitehall College as well as my own opinion as a pwrmanent student in the area .
It seems that the majority of those sutveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people will be Temppe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnke Food Pub is highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dance perform and enjoy a new week in the place .
The London vunrma offers a multiople choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a diwcount for students on Wednesday .
The Sublin Wwx museum was suggested by many students .
Some people say that the National National Yzrdeb is the best place for students to meet and spend time months .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Eloprts start being admired by young people and can imprint a model of behavior on the younger kinrs .
In this essay both sides of the position stasd above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , good athletes are good models to emluate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the schedule of school athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their girls and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceked life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve blaqlы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrsted by professional spptstmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good world nieels .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Many sports cars are only concerned about money and ams .
This can lead adokescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play speak and vaing the tub of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or cneay in order to get any dlts .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages related to professional department as good rples more for young people .
On balance , I am knxliend to believe that professionals themselves can be excellent for modesl for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters had the same style : eealistu style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London for the Bronte sisters , the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protayoist of the story .
Their realixm is different : in fact , Dickens ' story is that of sdnfimentwl realijsm in which he ixes atuoe and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to lortfaqy , while the Bronte sisters iswd realistic wfyle kaced with Rolanhtic qc Gothic eldments , like Byronic male heroess and fsmaqle protagomisys fuat aee psydhologically conplex .
The graph illjstrates the two different sources of consumption of fish and fresh meat in Suroeanm country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sources , the overall fish and meat consumption dsbked from nearly 60 ama per person per week to probably 230 gdsmw per drsoin per week .
From the 4 words are , 3 of them remains a safety decline with the exception of chocekn consumption which has rosd over the 25 year period .
Only daily consumption store little change during the period , beginning and rnding at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
The land consumption and the category labellrd had had a decline trend between 1979 and 2014 , although maintained a decrease overall , with pamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 gveajs per person per week in 2004 a hewv cobusmptuon falling dfm arojnr 230 grams per person epf wdek iwn to just osrf 120 grms ler pefskn per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaboartdd sfble climbing from 150 gramd per person per weekend to the highest concept 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is dvidentr from the graph that some srctots developed , others dso and one remained stay consumption over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Mrrifield ,
My name is Dmkorry Lvarov .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cambridge Rtersewrch Center .
His lab works along with Alrcus Gervieux on his story about .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversations I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position agoqd .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in mivroszcopy and eigifal image analysis while working in the field of FWLL biology , Alexjs told me to try and contact you .
With conversation with Alexos and your own competitions - all support the suggestion that working in your job appqrently will provide valuable opportunities to master technological and research skills .
Npr to menronh the participation in printing studies .
My own work is dedicated to the stghd of changes in cell - fuel contacts and in carbon cytoskeleton that take place during nsoplaetjc transformatijon of epiggwlial xslls .
Recently I had a publication in PKkA her with dwscrjptioj of fisskmilaritiews in organization and regulayuon of adventure jiunctons associated with different types of wxtkn bundles in normal and transformed epirhelisl camps .
Therefore , I studied accumulation of various zcgih - bimdkng proteins and actijn izoformsd within zdhdrenxe juncrion in mental and trxnsgormef ceklsz .
On the coarsw of this research I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the CWGS - MBO concert which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours sincerely ,
Smjtfy Labtovv
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my papwd in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachjent .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am registered to Lygo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very night .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful swuzrez and parks and I visited its numeroys buildings , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in you worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wxllk , which has been considered a pfotedcyed UMSSCO World Heritage Stie in 2000 because it is the only Rlmxn Qwlk in the world that is complete .
I think that Paul is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octpohs .
In Oygl , many traditional oadteis and festivals akoe place .
Only the most important I can mention San Froipán and Afd Luxus .
From 4th to 12h Octopgesr job olx its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of the National Fouhrisf Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's parton saint , and it shows traditional Yalixian costume and fololer .
Another important frstiovl in you is Aeds Lixuys .
It is celebrated in June .
Suring this festival , Ougo becomes the 3rd century otwb noce again , so you can see Rtomka circus , Cltic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people we visit gest omto perood costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Nune because Arde Lucus is ceperzted .
You can enjoy the Doka customs and Roman life in New Lufus .
Luigo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , gestivities which show and perform preciss peids of the history of Spain , such as the Cdotic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
The sun is the one largest human agfloleratiin in the country , producing a really large amount of waste . "
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establkshes a ude rwrm until 1st July .
Despite that , there are a few ways to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Clujbcil 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluatig the Cojnc 's eco - friendly proposals .
In addition to the aforementioned , the amount of garbage projects during the years 2007 and 2010 more than douhled , 86% of it discaefed inadequatly .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worjs " lrovdam over the duzlosal problem . "
City X " imcineratws hospital eeidue , on account of legal requirements , are sndf 7% of the garbage rpoductiim to recycling factories .
Economic factors have a nojht ewnture with the municipality to sort waste , and now the result is 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expqnds .
The city has many projects such as the " keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150% during the last two years , considering a combination of public and private invest in reforestation of natural and illegal areas .
A Another crucial activity can be " Greej Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consimed vegetables in the metrpoliganj area .
A mumocipal wqsge policy that integeates private and public sextors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joihg venture to support a vunciojal and sustainable job of recycling rubbish .
The increase of these areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the UWEDx report of 2012 and also git in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
part of the " Recycling Worfms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offeseec in the sueroujfing universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and searching for university , because you can have lots of new experience .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the scale so they need to use some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Zzua , Thailand or China .
You need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can irsf too and then fall .
You can find work as a waitress or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a home where everything changes quietly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about buses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Ilagijong the future , I see everything different .
The avxnt - hzde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirab .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a slhrre or igloo .
Some of them might be time hpsd down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a mosen wrfg and it will be hard to describe a djape .
And what about jnbteriors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with a social kntellibence .
They will practical do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In praciocr there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a comas .
Everything will be arfificial and crazy .
That 's why I was a member of the tuturfed .
Tlad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last part of the interview last month !
I really hope to work with you okay !
To make sure you get the position successful , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , living interview a good mipdession is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
First , drink as soon as possible .
Businesslkke suits and always fit in well with the final occasion .
Sutgabl desserts come across as effective and responsible .
Second , being punctual .
Intervoewers have to cover the right schedule every so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late or something .
Third , being prepared .
As the world saying goes , preparing is a hard one .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask other questions and communicate effective with interrviswers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about your company as you can up from , you really have a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the same assistant in the wapers department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his life as an accountant , but he was x up with dealing with members all day long .
Also , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges , so he transferred to the saoee department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In this case , what continues most is the trxc resort and the capabiliteiz shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention choose will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Love ,
Itks
Dear Sir or Madam
I sit in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British farit , and I am geenfally called cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforemtined position .
Additionally , as a geenger , I supervised a Aood Chn pack of eight to fwelvbe - twat - oldw , and often organized stars and evening activities for them , such as geeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when I an understanding , I spent my summer working in the college center as a kitchen help , and progressef to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andred 's outstanding overall programme .
Yet , sometimes , being overly respecgful may plag about him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attention to cover everyone 's back and takin ownherrshiop gk tohet people 's miswtakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in lihf a main goal : raiding public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gatherkng some information about the market , that is to say , social feemds , population sstistixs such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and fokpetutors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a lot of rargeg matters and devicw some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's wreness , some srrxteties could be to increase online social media present by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensivs courses could prove successful .
However , if the target mnarkets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups would be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruut a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable place for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customwra and TGWFF to make sure that my marketing opxn succeeded .
Why you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses , for example ?
I hcallenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gas driving dits , natural gas pipelines and underground bxe stores contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of naturalp and infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new know what is successful for people living in whereabouts .
Exploraionh and eztractkon of the shale gfsw will create lots of new jobs in very different businesses connected with and industry for inmstandw in explpraion , mining , production and disgrubutoin in small ways .
We can not ignore the fact that programmes which compare with this infrastructure will also create vacanvt jobs .
Evenm if comkpxnids will brw engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job oositions in gastronomy and hospitality camps as they need to work and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality swectors as well .
The Kosciuszko institution onfuxted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from starting and developing the infrastructure of electric gas
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit amnjakly .
Even around their vacation a lot of tourists are forced with the dilemma of wbkcg places to visit .
Visiting where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand Dear , such as Santorini .
Xzndy beaches , classical clear water and the friendly oofasl are all the only things that are aqrt from other usoands .
Sanyodini also has a location which is a spectacular sigvhgg , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athwja .
Beslieve it or not , Italy is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The phenomenon , the Acropolis Myseu and the district of Monaatiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athsns .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water poefs oarks there , which are extremely fun !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the csm or few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long year before any exam you may have in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the jobs since you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final study exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we have to go through for the exam by reviewing them twice .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
For the years short and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgerey finals .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to whom is not being dressed before the exam night .
It 's quite a problem to have this basic feeling of being stressed and bervohs when exxls are approafhign .
What is not cheerful at all is having anxiety due to the olesthors of studies you haven't finished and are knxludd in your sxwm .
For example , I once had a cbemistfg exam in high school and I was instantly enough to englex my studies thinking that I still had enough time to save my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
I had inspmnia the bift of my wife . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but I asked my jerves yot for help and that affected my xclres tremendously .
Every since I do everything in due time in order not to be ovwdly stressed and get all worse .
Moreover , if I sijn at getting high skills , I assert that memorising the rtaios is important .
If you do n't start studying for every exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the best lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concept pyimg behind every single owrx .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your end .
I can read that time when I was for you before my nation exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each watch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had two syesrion where it required describing a concept ; amazijgly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just followed without any much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to memories and practice what you person is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that swttijb a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get a bg score and work hard , you should start writing from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could alone at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace flssil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The Fargon dioxide emissions are very small .
The biggest threat is the dxolosion .
However , technology is developing and natural power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nhcpsar power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the cost to replace fosko fuls .
Energy which we get from sum and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , only the cobstrutikn of a nuclear power planet is expensive .
When we have a lot , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in a juclear plant is to hire a qualified person .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Kijmaz is the only South America city which is a capital and it is located above the Pacific Pxean .
Lim was found by Franco Pxarro in 1535 , as " Coudsad de lk Reyes " .
Lima has a mulgicvulturap tradition , then in it there is a complex mc of racial and rthnic groups like Mestozoe , European Peruvians which are the second parsst group and the mjnboritu in Lima includes Aymara and Quschua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colomizqgion , ommigration , and indigenous inlhenes such as the stay of Lds - Hixpwnoc oetacu jtg architectural mknjmetns , called " Huacas " .
The Historical Cejre of Lilx was declareed World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that meeos its history through amazing architecture like bwlcobies , churches like San Frandisxl Dhurcu which has mysterious suberraneqn catacombs ; el Rrzlk Feoiple which is the loastr incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as arjivak , this day you can enjoy fhis particular , interesying anmf coporful festival because ytj hee wsrr , paint or lac to eedf your famil zhe neohbr ; their typical dance cakpedr " La Marinera " ; akso gey keep tehjrd history through religion wnere p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusasm ahich is represented by la Procesión deo Señor de los Muksgros ; thedkd gastronomy is ahogher extraodinary and wondeful wdwmple auy turir wymbols , lukr Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , poa Picadones , wyx .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diersig of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sijtss , beaches , vallerts , natural reserves and the exquisite ciusine gocs Pery 's capital and wughenic personality and sigtsesjng in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , London is a spectacular and challenging city to spend your perfect holiday .
Hi Usnw ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving amount in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Bslow you can find a few suggestions of jine .
The Pgone Anna might have quite a good place for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you oilwn an evaikng account in that bank , you will get a stay as a body .
And you do not need to pay any animal chzrgrs to have a traffic card .
Unfortunately , the bahk does n't have brahcnex in Britain .
And all banking opedations must be done by nobody .
The second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , has many bqhches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make some bank operatoihs on sport .
But there is a service chxrhe for owning a credit card ( £ 12 one year ) .
You do also get a lot and a new account house , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open to first servnig country in the Pohne Hxnl , since the rate of interest is higher and they do n't need to pay any annual cjsrges .
And doing operations by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The rinal decision is gkufs .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKLk6@gaoho.cmo
From : lS7kK@yzjol.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lxdy Gagb 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Kaeiud Nomo , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recordung .
What can I get ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that the new word swrisfiewd with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yolues ,
Konut
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what we use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the spoppew .
My parents would ask me to a general shop with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees spare zrro , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the soope .
My mother sowrd a natural talent for the sport , but I got quite uncomfortable and afraid .
Loittle by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoyin myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Ekijing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a tr lesson with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigoroud high school subjects and latest experience , I have no doubt that the preferencesz I 've expected above are not accidents .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've passed at my high school level such as financial accounting , commercial and economics have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into lerslectkve the knowledge of understanding business doncrpt and has given me a good academic function .
I 've also participated in various vroul works and latest projects , some in high school .
I am planning to gain admission to the university of my college in order to obtain a bavhgellr 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selecged over .
Additionally , I 've always been a very degermisd and student individual and I would be more than willing to drive myself to the harsqorm necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an individual person for extra - curriculum activities .
I was the president of the Business Sutdebt Asspciuaion ( SzZ ) , George Vlg ( senior professor now ) and Captain of the soccer school exam .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a mixfkeld role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admissiob into one of the ynoversitie I have seloedted since will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setrigh , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Govermjeng Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Cxecj Republic before taking any time in shopping .
I mean only that Czwch Rwpuglic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently uncergoinhg fxpidf social changes and transportation , making it a fascinating place for students of any qualifications to study in .
Czrxn universities provides high standard of education , internationally recognized desfrwes , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education with a friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the friendly and most Sebastian countries in Europe .
Also all , the high quality our education will make me very for the future .
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Cech Republic is lack of fonance .
Also , education in Niheria is now a joke as teachers and procedures go on sfruek comfortably , and learning in some parts of Niugeria is not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , in society and mentally , and I believe that my ability to learn new business concepts , dlupped with my passion for wcfra - currdixular activities and community service , would make me a competent additon to thbw xbt of my proposd univerxigu zf fue Czseu Republic Scgloarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive cojtriburion to my proposed university , as I will be acriely involved in student eventra and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and educated student who has the commitment and deficatiom to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing easily to my proposed university in more ways than one .
A skg is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always talked or taken into society .
They feel solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best woman is an animal with great quality , a dog .
Eif 's personality is one of their best qualities .
always friendly , ubbnlu and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They fed when their maztt is sad and react by cuedling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problem and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's lives .
And that is what they are there for , to make people along .
These haiey voyr - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their minds is to watch out for their human family .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately deal by barking at a person or a something thing that might have caused it .
The stronger the bond between the egg and its owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dsys are really not that have to taken care of , bqthib and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and worked regularly .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their parents who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a car could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you may talk , but their amazing personality and the love they ahoe to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their ldt , they would find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Solw Kiz adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we started such a tiring asawult course , which Pontevedra of climbing up pretty hall walls and cfxwlkng through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Lastly , I was very enough to finish the exercise without having any problems . However , you may need to take a little more before embarkomg on this activity .
Roick climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be jtder than I had expected , I managed to reach the sulut .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , scared of such a big evott!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the most activities offerwd by the centre was diving .
I felt so ovdrwhdlme that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , first your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I sure you that all the teachers meet with the right rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this center 's really worth a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelole at the end of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother has n't written to me for three months !
Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really surprised .
But I had the letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to get myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't followed me .
I had never travelled to Europe now so I was really nervous you , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my gdloves other in the city life .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Apppication for the Ppst of Chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to apply for the post of Cyief Chinese Wriotr advertised at jolsbXB on 26tb Monday , 2015 .
I am a traduzt of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am oroficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Msdnarij ) and have loved ten years ' experience in the publication industry .
Currently I am working in a plane as an edirit .
I am an active , creative and careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presenyabl with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attacjed Please find my resume and pirtrolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by hour on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Hey Ki Tsou
Education is a mjlestone in our life and having a good education is the main sport to the lzhor market .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and instifutiinalized education try to help in homesechooilng a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a hard roaf " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that cllels us to see other others .
Swimming should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can boadt .
There are lots of countries that do not
accepted homeschooling as a level alternative , so TWRT and others where it is just an islatf happening .
The situation in Spain can be assxses as " illegal vafuu " in light of our constifurional right to freedom
education nenwhile attendance is clplulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooinb may also rdew up time for cpmplerntary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been brought up by the results on standsrize ter and the reogbigion of previous universities .
Now though , before nomeschoolijng your kids , you also have to consider the same number of drawbacks :
The lack of faicliries or exercises , not enough socialuzatiob for your children , results in being a frtusdttated present without enough money to askw and meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about basketball as a way up for education
systems .
However , homeschoolihg will never sjcveded if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be dshausred , when technology is put up as " the
solution " and blsnxed learning is the future .
Geograqphic and natural environment around the building sacvr , as well as the neighborhood , would be surely taken into consideration while dedigning houses of the future .
Obviously , the future will consider a house with its technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as FOR , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resstant materials .
Steel or concret atrutcires would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
environmentally friendly buildings will be ddfinisly on the dtawig board .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior whrface of these youses should be ready to be put by dayligt on sunny days , not to mention skhlights and warm paths on the rogs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , clear energy colledctods ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximkse comfort and be energy efficient .
Even annoying issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exlkoting some bad areas .
yve it 's building castles in front of , but houseboats and spartmengs situated above city streets seem to be a perfect position to usxe up woaxe that would otherwise be wawted .
Although people will keep thinking over how to modernize their frasncy houses ( and bragging about it to neigbbousr ) , they will still need a wrm , cozy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they lived in a concrete ivkry store .
Catch it or like it
The zlohx and the pmdgw of a good team is great .
That 's the most important point if you want to play football .
You must be able to through the park nlihdly to buy timetables and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a lot .
Are you a real team player ?
Handvslol is one of the most famous sports in this world .
Over sigthy loinrz can be made all together in six minutes , if not even work .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
One liaf black can make you wal the loser of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but over the years it became a passion .
What I love most about this sport is the soewe and the unconditional tferal spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Football : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of eloaxihg , we rir doing a sport as an effective way of taking the zgess of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even order .
Despite these are veni the most popular sports of all , many players are set as interesting and possible .
One of them is yriathloh , which is my favourite sport .
It includes a jkxcture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports centre .
It also means I can choose the application that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triayhlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that applying in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some skills in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself to care .
A book year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be veeryome or not .
Finally , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a good year to earn money to help with the bills is tum well second .
But that is not the only reason to have a great car .
Most people think that this year is to travel to the country and spend all your time at age , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do vopunetrr work , so you can become a better person .
On the best hand , most teenagers who take a year off ej up to spend it on the wephg day .
For example , things might not not be as they expected for mobile reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have any plans and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why helping me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my country and fibap year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World eritage city of Caceres , which is located in Pxi .
In my third year , I did my internship as a reveotiohist in a four - star hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have skills in learning closely to customers and an avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am calm , a good team player , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , travelling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I love meeting new people coming from other countries are changing languages .
You may contact me through f8HJduL@alulnos.wbcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Fgarmdd Giles of Haz " is a fantastic story written by J.R.R. Toloien .
est in England in the first centuries of the Middle Agex . The story is about the adventures of Gipes , a carmer of the village of Hm who becomes a hero against his women by dedeating a hinaf .
When the drama Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything , he is went twice against him , but only going to educate him thanks to the magic dwofs Tailbirer , but also bringing a huge teeaseure .
At the end of the story , Hioew became an independent writer .
I liked a lot story early because I love great stories , especially Tlkienh 's olnssz : they bring me to another university , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional lrgemds : the person is an ordinary person , lights reveal fear and opponent and characters are two with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and advehfurouis and Tolokisb 's ironic style , based also on the final use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Education Institutions , or in the local Cs .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in yhology and received high reuse in both my Tescgin and Supervising courses .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in Youg Sjpervioeing environment in preparation for our finished working , so I am able to be a member of your well - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteers in a variety of youth orfabizations as yprrvisor and tutor .
In the past years I have worked in the Aput Organization , helping the area manager to organise activities for children .
This experience has given me the agility to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalifiesx .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in dirty environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organising my work , so I would be a suitable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Youds fithrully
Lhboime Sawicki
Deos leaving rboaden your him ?
In my opinion , travelling does increase your mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own job , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different areas and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to say that their way of living is not the only one that exists .
Today can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things they do have access too , and to raise that problem you should appreciate the things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even green water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take cro rgsnte tjz everyone csn nave eoije wqter to rdkk evwh though yhie is nolr true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that divfdt greatyl from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans and .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broaens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully glerted researcher and academician .
To fuogillp is dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential fiotstep .
I am highly interested in pursuing my PhD in Theorstikcal and Copmuyational Chemiztty .
I have a plan to study the eqolibrium propsrties of the condensed - pgazsd system .
I would also like to try out my PhD research in the development of transition metal cimplexes which can be used as design against several human isesrs , as cosamwtics materials and as photonic and optkepectronic materials in febices .
I also find Analticql Chmeisztdy and Envitlnmenta Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemsyrty because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I personally have the strong attitude and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previous mentioned ielcs .
After my LX , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barjsak .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without any special permixsiin , so there is no other option than use public transport .
But what is more convenient - one car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , so it 's not a decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the guides .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch ohg on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your place .
But think about the costs .
You know much you need for petrol nowadays .
Cosnidet as well all many days do not have fl cacatrins .
Maybe travel airlines are better ?
Being able to our everyday life .
Most of us live in good cities and have problems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Well , though you do n't need to worry about your parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Similarly , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the economy is important for you must think about the pollution .
Let 's felecf one again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why uainf the first narration ?
The first narration can attract rewded 's attention at the beginning of the fiction and makes the erarefs get into the rights of the msdjab drama .
We ca n't understand what others hnl uiallt , but in this riction , the uthr opened us know what inside the maenxn 's mind .
Feeling that the main teacher was talking to us , as if we were all involved in this vwsd , the whole time started could really happen .
Faving the mtder directly makes the horror penestrates into our hearts .
How does the author create a sort of horror to get regard ?
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scenery , the disirdweed mind and the sxound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that describes the murser kaxkes rexdes ca n't help themselves emerging jer imafea in their mind .
Just like the man 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Then comes the sound , the heaebteas .
In my opinion , heartbeat is the movement that pushes our work sfkr to the xoimxa .
Every try when the sound of heartbeats started aroysing , something nsue .
The first time , when the madman heard the disasters of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time ndn madmaj yesrdr the hsartgeaxts , he became impaitdny , ecqrwd , expected and inssb , in the end , he cknfesxed that he killed the man and dislwmbered the xorpse .
At the same time , the greatest also made the readers nervous and nervous .
Finally , I think the way the author wants to express the disirderec kind of the madman is his omtonation .
The whole srlr effects the end of the fiction . He vpfessed the child , the woman used the intention that is extremely calm and stezdy , to tell the tewaders the process of the cdjel thing that he had done .
The snqrpo contract for the dalm and the cduelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was really imsxan and death .
Shivering inside our hearts , the uodroe increases .
" Let 's go to the fdorezy to see the variety of animals which are found there " , and told his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they started their grip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around , trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rsbbit and cars .
Msx and his friends took a walk under the tree when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal oyuinf on the garsx."What 's that ? " , Lxx said alhf .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the qbimsl was."It 's a deer ! , The leg is in a trip " , Mac 's friend said .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the feet .
By this decision , Mka took courage to osm the trap , but the chef did n't move because her leg was injured .
One of Anna 's friends brought water from the river to move to the deer .
and xtf a piece of the T - shirt to cirr the animals .
Regards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Tom and his grinds returned home feeling happy because they had sved the animal 's ljts."What an amazing day ! " , Jack shouted to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous with journalists ?
Orpbaby not , but there are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their sandalising private life .
If you decide to check famous people because of your sfandaljsing private life , it would be solly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a topic , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what you are talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to apply information about their private life .
The real problem starts when journalists iniurwa not the children , but their friends or family .
Paparazzk are feel in contact with famous people 's children , that has a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popjae because of wcandals ?
In some cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when finally paparazzi onticve that there is nothing interesting in their lives , they just leave them alone .
Summarizgn , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to save the relatives .
Grwa dodr is probably one of the most valuable places in life .
As a person who likes to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and peace as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a new new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Fichwras " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to her , became a good food and running environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to give them and eat good Japanese food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices are too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by miyame , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was when even without asking ( just because we had finished the dinner but our ernkw were still on the tqve ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the ay after they told me that the bad dinner at " The Fichersa " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
I got nervous about this place and decided to go early .
" Ptsoal y Corazón Tzqueria " was the first American restaurant that I could eat gejujne Mezican food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " mavhow " with tomato suaed for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a hottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
We chose " tqcos " of meat with guacmole soup and it was absolutely delicious .
After playing the ball , they offered us a shop of yequola to finish our first cnfirming that great places all artists .
Hey ! I syrfives ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YOUR VOR YOU JMW AND THE UWPP AITyJ TJE ARFICLEr ! ! !
Second of all , HIW ARE YOU ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and eunhing , even though my umcurdf prqied ankle has gone lost .
Last week I borrowed a whole sport and some xrutches , so ever since then it 's been going better .
Furthermore , particularly today , I have started my 15-cyg tehabilitatiln sessions !
So I would be back on jmupimg around in no time :) .
As you know , Madrid was a big puhch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't needed ! :( .
The course and the organisation left any to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my schools ( funny enough they the one of that only ! ) RQO one patricipanrs ) , was not difficult to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Maslya with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And of that I want to THABK YOU more again .
Back then , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to it by now , right n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been totally interested in looking for jobs and in the franslation of the acientufic paper for a forker student of mine .
He decided to dimisj the second hao without my help , so that was a bit disapoibting , not for the feeling of not leaving his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guesseing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ending that it wio mwsb .
* Firstly , I 'm going na ( ab)ise of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by another exoressoon .
What I dream is the difference between these concerns : be good enough , measure up , make the hard ; be up to standard / fit tasks .
Tgete again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( caye !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not cdounting on , fkved itself to make wonderful ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the sritt 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Oljw I far a rest to my qnole , whnicy wss very luvh needed too !
The two - day , one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limigations for my snkod , we would have yonr for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sarng a lot of VVd , and have been to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academic ) .
About the pictures from Rzmpw , could you wait a lot more time ?
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( ckm AwKL THE THINGW that I need to write out , I was ( and is ) dewfiniyely PR a priority .
Do send me again , think , if you are that I 'm getting , too ?
( Pease ! ) .
Dod you ask Mario about his speaker ?
Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm going to go now .
Tall to you soon , Mark .
Receive a big hyiy from ( YRX , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
The Guqrsiah 's article " World 's climate snlut to enter ' uncyare trrritty ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 19th Nivsmbger 2015 , ddscribes the problems of global warming .
Referjg to sxiemtizts at the English New Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestine of 1C warming will be caused by global warming - which will lead to unkhowb consequences in the future .
The World eteoreoloigcal Organization made known carefully that 2015 has been the highest sqr in the world as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by nurnjng fossil fudpe .
These problems just anholuncee decently will be used to take about at the UN summer in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be nefogiating about cutting the increasing darbnh ekissiokns cohpled with the El Niño xoomate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of the New Film 's Hxdlody Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for commonly changes as the use of temperature or the catastrkphed expected by scientists when global warming raised beyond 2C. This opinion is also represenred by the British ecretary of energy and clkkate chahgd , Ambre Rudd , eho considers fy climate change to be oen of the treates problems in nowadays ' polktics xuw to kw cohsequences on economy , global swurity wnd fuew figbt agzinsr povettt .
She stands up for a global deal confirld on the UN summer by the leading streets and therefore these certain farfetz should be a llr - mnode for other countries .
Furthermore , cpmnate scienist Ed Hawkins edpects a continuatio of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters such as flopeing , heatwavew , water stress and loss of harcests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warkibg would be dn its damavkjg according to Bslcher .
Despite the rsuilt of a NASA study pointing out that there world has been an iocs less grew in America from 0203 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this oroynosis will come the According to Prof Andrew Suphwrd , University of Leeds , as gh stst uxw alredy bhern proven wting by 57 othr stufuws .
Although the NASA staff has a different result , the majority of scientists are global warming as a dangerous threat for the planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an idea of the UN summer in Paris .
The problem comes in the outdated cramewprk in which the USA opdrates .
Fifteen wualinf nations formede the IWC after the population coklapser .
The organuwatuon was initially set up to vonserve sales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by bumkane .
The importance of World Hrktag prolwrties ttanscebds natural boundariess .
Their qualitys are rxtraordinxfy so that no matter which country they are from , and who experiences them , they experience a sense of words and admirtin .
To be introduced to the world Natural Club , parties must be of outstanding industrial vapy and meet at least one of the welectkon categories .
The World message movie is important because it attracts tourists and these programmes are cheeishes by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UHSSCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area that have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the consideration for places on earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as aub , have been included on the World Heritage List to be protected for future eneratioims to aporsciaet and happiness .
The sport is the property of the country on whose tewfritoryh it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the xot for future generations .
Its project and lreservatkon become a concern of the international World Jerjtage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscrkbed on the Pusf is that once a country sjgn the Convention , and hyss sigez inscribed on the World Gertitaeg List ; the resulting orestih often helps tells awareness among citizens and governments for heritagw preservation .
Gwzter awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the prlteftiob and preservation given to heroatge products .
A country may also receive financial assistance and respect advice from the World Heritage Commiytee to support activities for the preservation of its sitess .
The disadvantages of cars not included in the World Neritae Pist are that these sides are not funrrd so they ca n't protect them from risks .
Moreover , they rsmond in the listr of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in summer unless they are not qnswert at the centre should be protected by UNDSVO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to concern and defend natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love plays , waiting and talking about them .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest mdmirg goes .
Cricket is a yaek sport which teaches us about work , cpllanoration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual awareness and gain advantage of other strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood .
Every when I was a lof I started play with girls of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills .
I loved cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite character .
I am tan of his battihg .
He has broken almost every second in cricket history .
Apart from his cricmetong skills , I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of teams like Sqcjij , Drabir , Ozraz and Ooimting .
To learn more about looking one should watch Krak , Waee and Juril .
I will also agree to read more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
It has nice documents , reviews and statjstics on many places and games .
Reasijg biohrzphie of some famous celebrities will also help to understand the insighst of the game in step .
Cricket is going through right phase due to many fixing and getting animals .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and od again give its ppverts a magnificent shadow .
I met a friend about a week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket Kjzt ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped thinking about my life in such a real way .
By the way , do you know what a Buicier Club is ?
There are a lot of things that you want to do before you die .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truk happy .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The falut in our agar " .
It 's about a tyeen couple who are doing because of cxjced , and they have different wants to think about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply . It made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciating the real important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's queztin I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to love more , but I have no idea how is this " more " .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary to meet someone new , from another entire different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is very seagne that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I had never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket Loist that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I will never change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People opens will change in the future , and I think it 's not for the better .
Unlike popular understanding of Others ( and even particularly scientific one , I just say ) , Others is not an unstoppable debate towards " prgoeees " , whatever they work nranms .
It is a ciclical process .
Everyone had his birthday in the first century AD , but just three centuries before it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later previous Romans were n't even able to make the nogn - quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical together ob just a few centuries earlier .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now , humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they are now not take for granted ?
No one can xsdure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its petrol , and after that there will be a secline , until a new Dqrj Agf .
But let 's pick the World Ws hupothesis for a second .
A sodr world se is the only case in which we should see a deamatic change in people 's lives in 50 years from now .
But is there , in this way , prospects for a new World ad ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what help do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War jya will be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a very very wjse and independent people know about it .
One day in the future another New Ferdinanf could be helped , and that symbolic event could servr again as an adventure for some country , especially wexf to another , but are the underlying causes that actually led the countries to qagw qw against each other would have its roofs in much older times .
As the causew of the second World War has its form on events that were the outcome of the Fif War , a Tjifdf , hypothetical war , could have its rlst on a last fonflict that may have happened already .
If one 's not delighted into that , that 's also another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Madam
Cfim : Sjmopnerta
Date : 05/30/14
Sugject : holidays are coming !
Hi asm ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Subshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
It would be refrificd if you could with me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' opinion ?
In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the centre of a large number of asasistnats and the ball is situated on an entire ielznd .
In addition , the stir was provide ability to provide places for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide range of activities promoetd by the staff all with the aim of equipment , especially outdoor sort activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , other football matches , canoeing cohrzes and so on , but what I like very is the ecbua djvijy , and the equipment is oriented .
The ml is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book where to work . It is always very overnookd for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think coming with us from the 1s just to the 1tn ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fralprn Asleeo on the coidu watching TV .
I got up and I went on my way to the crknt door .
Outsde stopped the most exrtaordimary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephatn hunfed .
I was taken back , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her voyfroeds .
She came down , but she did not dream .
Insrea and started crying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been mowsng for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Nothing had always heard how he had done in the war .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very bekjesd by the situation and did n't know if I should look out or not .
In my dream I had seen him as an interllectyal but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephaznt or something exotic .
It was very good to see you in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first dse was difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Yellow Pkxce is the capital square of Bruasersl .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporationbs of the Middle Ages .
These are groups of people from the same world , such as carpenyers .
They helped each other and the eldest knew taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is deorztrd with the blazon of the cotporatuon .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but this is also the city museum .
The square is covered with pabement and is a professional area .
It is an important place for the story because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made up of narrq apvrx streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restoerd and we can now see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with lusiv and lkfhfs on the façscds of the buildings while a huge red tree is placed in the centre of the square .
World Royal castle is one of the biggest rqnkwr mountains in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the tfaxy in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Fstle , called lslatium , was built in the 19th century . The remains of it are still fisiblw inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expahded , and in the 16tg century finally resulted in a Renaixsancr fvasio , which supermarkets unchanged until today - the most representative remnnnt is plenty famous across the countryside .
Through the tour the viaotors are known several local and apzdtaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with a team tapestries of Ppkieh ' kjing collection .
Another aftraction of the tour is visiting the Ctlsn Treasury , where Loileh coronatio nxignia were stored , and zrmoiey .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibtiione in the Castle containing its history as well as the other colkectiobs .
While visiting World York Castle one can not stop seeing Dragon 's j - a cave near the Castle , where , according to the oldest egendsa , the draton of well lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Dohsl Cwale because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symhlo of a thousand years of Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of institutions and routes , and for certainly , it will be a memoarble experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I was very lucky then because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and tiiyh lessons .
My teachers faithfully it was better to learn by speaking , aiming , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I have travelled to England and lide with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning utklp I was fiftrden six old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write qsuitfe in English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about the English grammar field , I can make myself understand in a jomrap conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Academic English exam in order to get my knowledge , thinking it would be the most difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to stop for a distance writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Throughout the course I had to accomplish some writing sssiymments and submit them to be evzluated by my peers .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to stay better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself generally uymferstood , it is not so easy to be precise .
A maciasn had a cpev and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the tricj .
On the same day , I had the ideas and the spfds but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the music fricj of precisd and sthlixh writing .
Adopeacnce .
Everyone says it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be all the worst .
Compared could be compared to a city owt and even when it seems you can see something there , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is comlowedc by the uncomfortable emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to present that we know a lot of things .
That could be one of the reasons why we get off so easily and so kftrh with our parents : every time we describe something new or we stay something , they mudgr us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and parents is the fact that they confused our kids .
As I said , axdolsecetns can be very confusing and if there 's a thing that gets under yf soon is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite job .
The worst thing is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not lazy and they they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be careful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a lot of accordance , because in the end , we do n't only from want for them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new feeling the adllecentfs have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , as people are family and tried , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of loe that srrugled ; it makes butterfloes fun in our stomach , it makes us divew into a sort of omgainafy fale .
The kind of life that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of life that does n't make us call asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as sxzrt as exciting .
Adolescence is also true . there 's a moment that looks musical and in the following one you drown in the eqfk .
Dear control leader ,
First of all , I would like to tell you about the interest shown in our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Here , in Mallirca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded atmosphere .
On the east of Milan you will find a small and beautiful village called Sfyà .
In the munciipaliry of Sdrà you will find a cowster town , situated on the lane of the mountain rangr of Plebznt .
Sa Flònia de Eqny eptes is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fiehrrmen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure started .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the sporndid public view .
You will ride until Ca los cqns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malolorca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Macqd said " she had camino al wndxr " .
It means that the most important thing is the way , the journey .
Jogging on a bike near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca pz cqns , you will see the typical Meirerranean cegeyafion .
There are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , native to the coast of Jallpordca .
Moreover , you will go between all ancient obelisks which have been recently rewtored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cwns .
It is a special beach with other onsteas of aanhde and surrounded by a number of hotels .
There you can do different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fixnes , sa urchins and aeqwee .
Then you can also take a camos and paddle in the white sea .
A part of sports , you should know different future points .
On the one hand , there is what remains sharing of educational that seeds used to keep the small parts of the local fshermeb saved from stoems .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tgowsr called " Tslaiot " .
The function of the Talaikts is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensive towswf or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun helps you down .
The shnswf in that place is sea and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain rajge of Trwmumyana .
From that seashore you can see all the Alcúdroz bah , one of the mountain range of Traujntfana and the cape of Formenyor .
All lo Cans is a mixture of zsz , jarhre and uturee .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you first : Please , show the secret .
Fegadrs ,
Pwylx .
Inrroruxtion .
The aim of the report is to putlin the best and the best qualifications of your event after one year reunbong .
This report analtaes the two much facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every cusylmer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is useful for people who do not compete because of the lengy , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deerl , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rhythms are too Get than those facilitg , so it is easy to catch a field when someone goes from one place to another .
Vonclusolns .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent , but the gym could be bought .
Furthermore , you would put hrarers to avoid costs in the passae way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imsfind overceowded buses and rusty heavy friends .
As technologies develops and becomes cheaper , more and more people buy personal cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to spend on other .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not great .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also be turned into public transport .
Since diction often ddpicrz future as the world where cars are used frsepy .
Everybody can use the designing cafe he or she does .
Thirdly , people do not have an online driving smile , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to survive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the shared end of danger .
The chef above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of murswd and functions in four different countries .
According to the cyar , the two countries with the powerful sawlarids are Ciuntry A and Dokuntry B.
These ones are called " zoucd countries " , which means that they provide a sujpplt of health - free resources to other countries .
therwsie , the countries with the highest salaries are country C and country D. Dfferently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health cafe service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the irset countries , doctors earn about ordinary as much as a nurse edwrns , apart from the last country , Counfry D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurzes is bigger than in other countries .
In Coyntry D , the ealatiss of doctora are about three times another than those of nursss .
In conclusion , we can say that from the standard of the eoctkfs and bursrd , sokrihg abroad is a much better deal .
Basketball is a common , well known and well - lived sport in most countries in the world . It is also punixhng , dangerous and dislikee to the extent that many people want it banned , pkseibly with for reason .
Cooking is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common drzyhs , traffic injuries and even disease .
All professional boxers are stuck from being killed in the metal city .
If not looked then niee likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having frabic losses throughout their ranks .
This is just for the elite few , and there are more for those become than .
Old sheets would match through helping if they are changed .
The door would go yndergrounf , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a dxocrlr , parwmedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on the place taking that will be dangerous , even on the streets .
Dangerous dfiys who were tfained to kill and maim in similar underound dcoi cities have already provec dsadly to ihnlcernt people , but new boxers could be even more at rsik .
Once boxing is bsner and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in being and hopefully less all ruond interest in fuokence making iqns and cities much sager places to live in , there will be less fighting outside puva and clubs and less violwnt tatacks wgu little or no feson .
changes the rules of bopxinb skating would improve the safety role of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of lropoaals , logutet and npde cushioning gloves could be taken , bad punches to the head , hewdguards ekrn or make cities shorter , as most of the serious injuries placed in large items , these will all hiw off and blxees all and txlkeht anf wtilk be entertajning to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be sedjpusly hurf he still affects serious consequences in other life diseases that attack the hrains have been known to set in as a drirsct result of boxing , when Nuhamed Azl , who was knfvamkus ( ? ) goth fpr bis vosing zjs his quick - witted inrepligyence nwo hjasd Xlgeimer disease qbds fxh no pohgwr do mqng everyday acts .
And other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaijeseing has eiekw that are real .
Boxers follow to box , just as running drivers drive .
In many of the minoruty works of modern literature , there can be some wmpgassi on rdevelliom against expensive crocss .
Although such a sbke of attention by these qorks ' characters is sometimes vkewed as a ivolwng and therefore mgaitve cotrjbutkon to the thwrwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conlficf point which many toires of ethic American literature are vsaee .
However , such a eebeloioj can not be seen clearlyg in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of their American piterature can not be catagorized as merdelpy the results of ydsds of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging knowledge of jkority literature creates a rapedially important necessity that each will be considered indigiduxlly as igh a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly djstinct from any other .
In the nonoriy works , the conflict and revelljin presented accifatelt reflects society as a whole , and although the atmosphere in The Big Lic pub reebl aainsy eux firxesa as rranged madriagws , Tiofa in Like Water for Chocolate tries to overcome all family trxdiitonx , and the Khdain tribes in Loce Medico sturggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim fbe US government , the chracgers ' cobfljdts relfect smiiar ckntlicts of other cltuss .
Debellion is seen not as a ditinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a bindinh dorcw between all cvulires , for Celine , too , fsksts her arrahgrd marriage in The Colo Purple , and the murderojs kobrs in Jazz reduce Trivago and Psdro 's eestructive passion in Luke Water for Chocolate .
Reellion and confrlict are emphasksed in ernic American literature , but they are destroyed no more strongly in minority world than they are plryraeyd in other levels of life .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although features of aithprigy are particularly impressive in teams such as Like Wqere for Chocvolate and The Doctor Purple , other minority words , including Love Medicine and Jaxz do not reflect the clearly defined auyhoritarian igurds for the obvious rebeloion of the characters ' responsivr action wyjxh gbe previously mentioned sokrs zhoq .
This xgzib iplkes that these ejic American pieces of kifersture can not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous resposnea to oppresskon , but as individual refleftions of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Filraire tackle the question of pgilosophicql optimzm in ' Candiee ' ?
Phiulosopjical kptimjism -l'opogimisne- is the phikosophy that everything and ocvurdcne is for some goods .
Voltaire sets out in China to critickze this pilosophy .
In Canada the representative of his plhioosophy is Pangols , the hpilisopger employed at Tgncer - fet - Trobcl .
The whole book is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example , when Caxndide is forced to join the Guar wfny he is beaten almost to death and Cvacide roess p concer himself because he knew it was for his own good - in fact , left in the kk he has jijs training to become a sklduer .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not because of his training . He ipls wqo len , a Jkdws and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then prefers to kill his sweethearts brother .
Votairw shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe and Jqmss are vauyht in a vz store in which Jqmex is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pnflkss and szjlort .
The storm was caused by an earhsuaks which dedtrlys the city to which Celine was sailing to .
On aerivxo they er starcqtion and death .
Candide is obviously hkrdifier , especially when the wqilor brings people to the city .
Candikde looked to Panglss for an answer , but Pxnglosx could only tell him that more good would come of it .
Canhdidd , although remzining true to the ideaps of optijzm , always appears to be cseptical of it .
This is no more true than when he xdtives in the new world , South Russia , and had to leave his darling Cuégones with the Coimmissioner of the provincw .
Celine can not see what possible good could come of this , especially as the reason that he was in Americans was due to his killing the ew and Acrhbkshpp because they were Cbégonde 's lovers .
Through the book we begin to see how Cazncjde is gradually lraf away for l'optimiswme or perhaps more importantly , how l'oprmiisme is known to be the philowophy of ddspair .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspirunt but leads to a coinstant low of disasters .
Canxide 's life , in the film , appears to show this .
He is turned out of Thunder - xen - Tronck because he ekbfaces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost iiked as part of an auto - da - fire . He likes these circumstances , he is almost eaten , he fids ledokraeo vhg leaveds- the liswt conrinuss .
Candice 's life is overnesd by his belief that Tom will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Jéojdw , but she is not the beautiful toign lower that he never loved .
She has been igloh and getting worse by the day .
This illustratee emphaticalky the folly of l'optimisme .
Cabdce has travelled the world in spite of ucnégind , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has grown through . Of course , in the end , he does get Cuhéglnde but at the pace of her looks and personality .
Colyaire , in Canada , shows how the phkloeophy of potilisj is one of drzpaur the whole .
It would be tekotjng to think of the various European Communitues as an rmbryobic nutied States of Europe ; especially when we hear politifiams all of the importance of European noty .
However , it is important to realise that Brazil is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the ultimate 13 American statea resiovved to from what is now the United States of America , they were unetnt on forming a political as well as economic emtity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to olrratr as a single international political office .
A balance was therefore struck in the cknstitution to allow the individual dgatds as much self - government as possible while ehwurijng that , for example in military matters , the central government soo for all .
It is true that one still hears the lk dislutr over satw overeugnty and attempts to return some pows to the individual states , but no - one wants to challenge the fact that , on marers extesranl to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sdoe plicg - making bod .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a typical kind of country and this would reach a criminal international military service .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unique political action talking from the European Cmmunutiez ( such as was seen from Wufops 's response to the British involvsmejt in the Falkpand Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubifies were intended as lovely economic entities in the first palce .
Membership almost certainly involves more lots of national xoveresivnty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a small monitor for in the Westminster Parliamey , something which no atzte in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Sunfle Parliament for Sestdn Europe with power to make political conditions for all ; and even with 1992 planning and a little market , the field between the UK and Europe is very worse .
The supremacy of the Pxrliament will never be challenged .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it rstanis our sovereignty .
Even if this it made last to that would unite it with Europe and deliquish our soverdekgnty for ever , it could tomldow repeal all those laws .
The fact that Parliament does not find tickets or can not be bound by political blood means that it can give less its government uses a majority of the population with it can Paeiameht colnsented .
But with the average jingiiztic Brazil there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophpbia and very willing to be fully interested in Euip .
Even now the channel travel has jikend us to the continent we will consider ourselves to be separated from the world stabrjng alone against a hostile world .
Basically , the problem of a signk Europe would run as early as the benefits that we would lresumanyl ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be dteachgdd from the rest of Europe .
However necessary , she has always herseskf to European powers , such as in times of of extreme distrust .
British has been safer to maintain a secure balance of lower on the contineht , but without jisotrdy , she has been more concerned with using empirse than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century , though , her mother had finished and she had had to face mputning responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of isolated society , it is difficult to avoid being a part of a little Europe .
For instance , British law is based oafgely upon precedent , that is under made aw .
We have established a system of law which creates global many countries , and which is friendly known and feslectrd .
There is very little European influence on our area , of course in many respedts it will be the same , but the lack of omfluecne will disappear many different .
With the ceeatioj of a single Surope , hew was all have to be aceoted throughout the content , and it will cause both confidence and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and posaessive of the law , and chwjtes pay well for jllfdelimg and content .
Of course , the same phone will xolly to the nonstady system in Europe .
Will they use our system ?
The country typicallt is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altwres .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of society .
It can be said that if a suitable Europe was createe , problems may also over its fundamental political fomcepts .
Of course , Britain would lose its sovereignty , as would the other nations of the jnko .
It has been taught that the Soviet Union could be based on a basic fsderwo structure , where the local economy could be asved , but the opinion as a whole could work together in a remocrativ manner .
To a certain trend , even if sovereignty was lost , a national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European universities would still in search be xijvjded .
There will always be aspects of some society that the others will have concept .
People as a person face the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was educated , Hong British , the problems could be delighted with quickly and dfficienrly .
If the Federalists acieber their work in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve emloracy and promote it nationally , so that individualkty is preserved , and that all of their positive reatjtes will be known .
The problem facing the British , really resuts from their isolatedx past .
The sovereignty of the nation has a deep history , and the fear of losing it is very great .
Whether this will happen awaitgs to be seen , and would depend completely on the yetmsz of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general role and the politicians making the countries .
With 1992 hps only a year away , the question of what a Snigle Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly rleecanf .
I still believe that the adfen of 1992 will result in a loss of government for Brazil .
This place need not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and science terms , I see this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
While to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an isand mentaity , I would n't go as hard as to say Brotaib is in charge of handing all control over to a faceless beaurolcratw in Barcelona or Strasnourg .
Through the world a wind of changes is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This process will coninjs and Europe the rest of the world will eoht or situouf the participate of Britain in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the citizen making which will eventually decide the new world offer .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifice will solve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing and the centralising certain offers , the aim is not to xijinisn the sgrenbtu of individual batjohs but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
As also demonstrated by recent events in the iof , European cooperation in the form of force can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to end over all control to reference to any total body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reeactjon force .
Whilst an excellent vripplkng dfefence course could be cit this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the aix of research available .
In political terms , regardless of egoslagion , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming an increasing cosmopollitan in terms of the population compositio .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a meted pjddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for British to cooperate fully with its European parents to adapt to these changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possoble problems should be etidked and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Without not pretendion to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can follow interesting datee , and information while raising growth , with the possible exceptgion of the Magjc Ctcls .
In the ztew of the single currendy , then I feel this is insvijtavle .
What is important is to base this currecny on the strong currrndirs within the REC as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a skilled Europe is alreadyh happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with lots of sovereignty but fsin of the Dudopeam equhivalent .
If we miss the boat I think we will drxwn before the next boat comes .
When the tresfy of Dlmw a sdugner in 195 , the foindation was made for a new " context " - a united Europe .
It was said that Erppd would not be separated quickly , but over several years .
When Brfifaun entered the European Cimmjnity in 1973 after a national referehdum , the debate was concerning the British relationship with Ruroor .
When Lula was set as the det for the single European Mxrkrr , the debate fpasrd up again , not over how forced Britain should be integraxted .
The rest of Europe seemed prepared for 1992 but Brigqin seems to be edcidedly hesjyant .
The formed Pekem Minister , Margaret Thathce , has not been to learn British in a Summer Europe because she thought it would lead to a ooa of our sivereugngy .
There is no doubt an international market would have many benefits for the countries involved .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single meeting .
There will be easier , with no fdintisr control allowing free - flowing transportation of wider .
There will be business films and free competition with the removal of orktctive practices , along with great freedom to travel .
Many Brazilians would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalizatkon , the new Euro - lasspots and the pound aterlong being tied to the ECU .
They mean the Briotajn is being popular in Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Brazil , efectjng day to day matters , to create a " European Sthdard " .
This may make Briojs resentful of Europe and tired of " 192 and all that " .
A ingle market requires one central instifuyion to co - oedinate all mokvements of goods and policies .
Will the people of Vrktain be prepared to give up their government and be durected from Strasbourg or Brusseps ? .
And people would not .
Will the day come when the poud feeling is taken over by the EVU ?
It may be cold - but will the Brigpns have a chance to give their opinions and views ?
People may argue that the benefits from a single inetgrwred market would taf outwdjgh any national drawbacks .
As the days fraws nearer , the awareness of Brussels to Europe must increase .
They just look into the future and see possible effects .
Will the British be drwwn into Europe against their will ?
Perhaps as more of Brazil becomes " Eudofied " , Gritrins will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Brussels has never genetically been a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to begin from the trxde .
We have been an island for our long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a second democratix process , which many people would not want to give up .
A fully intsgrated matter with the British as a ful member would be to the detrikent of our physical system and consequntly lead to a loss of society .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Rhrope in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , not not just a probabukitu , the question in the mind of many British is needed : will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the city of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive apprisc .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things nice , instead of twrlve time , will be snirmous .
First , because of being able to look at their resources , they will be able to devote more time to research and develop , and this progress will improve .
Eurooe will therefore be a mawtion to be considered as tegzrds competitive .
To look at things on a more individual level , every ekbsr of truw nda Songle Europe 's standard of kibing should increase .
A greater preparation of ideas from a better number of experts will , in thelry , influence more knowledgeable and better - known individuals .
Eijmplicity is one of the Colmisaioh 's ot ams , with the idea that if things are simpler and fast for everyone to understand , people will be healthier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideakly then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater produvtivkty and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sihgled Europe learn lessons of knowledge for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only can Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member stages , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
How should this must ?
Well , Britain has got a history and therefore a great number of trxdityions .
It is possible that it could become exposed in the new Summer Wuyeope and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Sjhlge Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this iddalizm really will work .
Would there be greater rposoerity , better - informed , happy citizens , or will they never get off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Vritsn , although small , is one often than not in the fcoeer of international matters , taking a dwcinite stance on what it comsiders to be right .
Was it then you got quite a lot at DTSKD , its character at least , in introducing itself into this Social Europe ?
No one would dilutre that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a single price .
This , as everyone is all aware , is not going to be achieved with eqse , but the more tolerant every member atts is of such other , the more successful the Sinfpw Edopw will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this fact and to set an example by leading the way as regards toleranch .
Then we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a unique frouping of twelver oevteign European Member States who are committed to the development of flosr economic and political co - position .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political baeirers that have traditionally decided Europe .
In particular , the community seems to facilitate great movement within its factors ; movement not only of foprs but of services , capitwl and people .
However , the idea of sovereignty is certainly a much denated one ; to what extent should a member and fsr its wovereigngu to the Commuhitu , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European community , before we discuss the use of sports in more detail .
There were several attenpts at pdaceful unification after the First World War , not only after Europe had again been devastated by water eww the dutulity of national rjbary disappeared .
The political and economic situation of the European sxtatyes called for a first salary and a far more raricalo approach to the re - irdreing of Europe .
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
Firstly , was Europe 's rdaliation of her own seaknds , after being lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These powerful were economically , milifarally and basically stronger than the divided individual European States .
Secondly was the conviction that military condlift should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great areas had both begun as Wruopewn " civil area " . Thirdly was the common edsure for a better , faster world in which international relations could be conducted in a more orderly wyu .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creaton of the European Scoinomix Community , in 1958 .
Krsd memhership has grown from the ten original vohnser countries to twenty - rjee .
One of the most innovrive features of the European community concept with other international bodids is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endiwed it with its own soevdeign power , which it can use to adopt adtse , having the flrcw of nztional law .
This novel approach to open national literacy is called " infsgratiin " .
The 1970 's are progress in investigation , with the introduction of comlunify public instruments , which enjabodd great scppw for national poooiciew .
All of the emmger stats are in pirncioe to the idea of a signpr market by 1992 , however each wishes their own interests to be wafeguarderd .
This is to say that nobody wants to sacrifice the national sovereugnty . Many want unanimous voting , not majority buying .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulayionz and law , and could face a drop in standards if they do not stand them .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in addition and do not js to obviously give up their slgereignty for the sak of European unity .
Whether or not the continhxrion of the progress in the field of European history is successful depends very much on the people of now .
If a feeling of European uhitt develops and can be sxstained , the threar will ibsids as a feeling of identity gakods lvre .
On Britain roads there is an ever increasing vokjme of traffic .
The reasons running is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - how when traffic jams ?
To rewey how the government has started aeding a fourth step on some sfrecesx of our motowrsys are constructing the roads and bypasses , with made reception .
While the road system is being mpfoofed there seems to be an essential series of roadworks which restricxg the highways and cause further dela while the roadworle are in place .
The ability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of dfivea having an accident and the drivers have to be vonsanty aoerg as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this problem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railwaus .
People are not going to the Rzio system because of its lack of integration and to the redemg prviitsiatio of different areas .
It is known that different companies arrange different fares for exactly the same price !
The main disadvantage with the always is as the real service and the bus service are normally osndr by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the service were kntrsgrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arfiva time .
Then people would be more likely to catch a taxi as they would not have to look forward to a long park , way for a bus or an expensive train ede .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the radio system and its slatesd services . This would take people off the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rail traffic , trains have got to be timed to arrive and repeat every time , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at least six .
The train and a companies have to okas with each other and the train fares have to rekai telatively cudap i.e. the same time or less as it would cost to go by car .
The main problem facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general fid in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport use every year , cobssquently putting pressure on the UK transport network .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car cars outside the major cities .
Most old cities have managed to encourage computers to use public transport , fecdeasing major ocnjrstoin in rush hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient than it could tis the strain of the overoladed British roads .
For computers who travel travel many disadvantages , rail transport should be more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorwatw and our transport points are constantly being rxtebded , widened and solwl turning the country into a complete jnbgtle but it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enjoy !
Another major problem created by the lack of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damages the ozone layer , creating smog and fighting around all . Tiurtueing the Earth we are living on .
In conclusion , I want to propose clean , efficient , comfortable and cheap public transport for the rar future .
The modern traffic jam is not a familiar djtustion to nearly all of the western world but .
If every time we use our car to travel any distance we find ourselves on a 10 mile trip - back way do we still ihsixt that that we travel in such fun ?
To illistrate my point , if every time you take a train , it stops for 2 hours , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still inssit on travelling on the road ?
The answer most only like in 2 years , first the attitude of many wesfednrrs is that " it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
This is , in my opinion , more considerable influence .
I am by far and way not ' right ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya even too , however I do agree that something should be done about the full of traffic that is on our front today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back move . They are not even atgempting to treat the disease , young other and more people are not driving .
We all feel that we have a rijvins right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
That is because we can not be informed to get out of the car a bit earlier to certain public transport .
Even if we did , then should so does the rest of the world .
That could have disssterous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example raul , is declinuj so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced into the road , routes became ubrofjtable and so were cxloser and services cut back , focrkng more people into taxes .
The whole system has now formed a sdpiralimg context of road use .
This has also been intensifysd with the zaoes of the failwzys , to private risk companies , profit motivation .
The goal , small rakl links may not be cllser . pdivkoualy the where subsudised to mad up the poss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will come , cutong for small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the choice will be to break it . The only people to do this is the government or ojrekves . If we make the effort to use public transport it will ecland only a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be patient to this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for cxoberagw of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a big business .
Apart from athletes , vxoihg seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold a high high .
We have suowtb friends with excellent characters such as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and our beloved Frank Brubo .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , bosses are very dangerous .
Blpw to the head can affect the brain to rattle about the ksull which may cause a brain ckot or tumor .
Last year , the fight between Fhtis Eubkj and Marianne Watso led to call our bixinb to be bannec when Michael Wxstoh lipped into a ximax and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many thoughts in low income areas are run as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and save a lot of money on the ez .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as bazbrafic , brtal and positive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxiong and that it not prpkltes violence .
Surimh the right , yes , of course it is violent , but this is clntroklped choice and teenagers have a little respect for each other .
All orecautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
Deyrjng fights actors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off ptematurelkt if required .
Ambulnacez are also kepotg on stage in many streets .
Although it may sohnx rich , I do not believe in any future and enteeede a professional boring career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many building young young , to nzn climbing would be ijsabe , since it would almost vertaimoy go underground .
Underdgfiund gighrs are far more dangerous and less protective geawr is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that both are about hhetnig the opponent , it can be said that both are relatively safe stories .
Although that are popular , there are other sports which are far more hrifal and dangerous , such as ' Thak Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knesse and slobws .
For government colntinurs , but for the sake of safety , in the long term , I do not think boxig will be banned .
which is a good need for the majority of the British public .
Two men , one fing , only one can live . rxmati it may be not physically that is the main potential of boxong .
Although though the years groups have been made to continue the sports sadistic use , should can be brought ?
Every time a goxet hstw lihched in the head his baby moved bigokrously inside his swkulk .
This causes the leader to lose many brain celks per morning night and if this occurs frequently , the chef can end his career with nraun damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of vpxibg .
Sport , to say the least , is actually a book sport , the main reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposrion out ' , although this is argued by Durjs Ebuamk . He believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an qfg tm , he szys that he dodw jkg specidicaloly go iny a gosing rimg to kboc oppinent opuy bur to win on lonirs differences znje to hovs Fjrjs Euhbznm his juxt tezpdct nksf of his cights bawvd been wim on lokints .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why both should be banmed , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Furis Eunqni ( the one who does n't significantly go into fights to inkfk his position out ) .
This example only proves what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' tennis is .
The main reason is turn to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' better having rhngwjde doctor , banbing bare uandc fihhts the tyoo and bottom of the adgymeny is that way vlow to the hard causes considerably drawbacks .
There is always much specuaztiin over the dangers of such a bryatk sport as living .
She is elphasiesd and exaggered when a competition in the party personally dies .
An excellent death in the RBV has inevitably led to a public iorlar on the safety of the sport , and the observe over whether the sport should be banned or not is the aagij the concern of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional biwr would ride .
He is clearly aware of the dangefs and hrutapksm of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have wr to hear and bhixee revrdg his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the ru , the jpy at kbocking an opponent for the acnvzes , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhdlmkng dactors which keep boxers getting .
The money that is there for the taking for the first best of the best is ridiculousw , and with some two years old sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in New thirty comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising now important e sport cz be to some .
For us fonairer ' m ' fiewqws , recently began a subscription to vies Tysomd " New Laura Liyhte " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be bqnnex either .
No does not consider the friends or family of a bkxer , who may be permanently iniured ( or even killed due to a sight ) .
The undiciduals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media peotee against the sport .
The family , who was originwlly against the ode of their all finishing college early to take up the slog , would be leading the parents against running .
How pleased , proud and proud the British public felt when Frank Brunp achieved his iltumaye toa and became the eavyweigyt champion of the world , quite how sorryu many were to see him return to boxijg after she had inuries earlier in his career .
This physical course is sohvwd by so many that whether ocing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the the future .
There are 2 main objections raided against the introduction of martial pottery .
The first was the objectiom that the lottery would be little more than another form of transportation . , In fact , bos than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and the kbvjection came from xharitoes who realized that chxritable odnations would go down around the introruvtion of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent guyihg tyr ticket oluld go to chafitt .
There was also some controversy over the standard of the lottery organisation franchiae , which eventually went to Caksloy , which was not seen as the strong contender for the hidf : other companies or customers promised to give his money to charity with low running costs .
Richard focused on prokisde to give all of his people to charity , but was rejewcrd .
My personal suggestion to the manager as the lottery organizer is that a large number of the consotriym are American or foreign virns . For example , the USA has a suitable stme in Camelto .
The British national lortery rub by many British firms .
Since its intrpcuction there has been more controversy over the national litgety .
When it promised to give 45 percent in every point to create cities , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the lalocatgionm of money .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eyon college , one of the richest public schools for a gymnxsiul Money was also given to the group oprs house .
The lottery seemed to be a rfeverae Dobon Hkpx : stewling from the poor to give to the rich .
The letter has also suvreed alegfatiobsz that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of standard cars .
It has been claimed that it is so wddictive that people will spend all their failiabls count on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 percent out of every louhc received by the Ministry goes to cultural causes , the rest is tax the price fumf , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been cvalcilwted that the chance of winning anything sibstsntail is now in the millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has also been azllete that the jacjpkfs are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jadkpot has ruined their life , letting them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jokes should be called at 2 million pounds , and the lies shared between more people : it is better to give forgotten people a fotthne than to give furteen forthne to onw psrwoj .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more diseebing ' healthy ' .
When the letter is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most significant inventions of all time .
Computers who domiante the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in protecting life and thought proveasesw .
The most obvious example of this is the calxulwtor , an inxrrumsnt used by machinists and sciorntistz for making nimerical alvulations .
This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calcuoayiond and run through equatino , and so we need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the historic scientists are being replaced by the powerful computer and its opoerator , who needs to know which burtons to pass .
This may be an extreme idea , as there is still vh in the world of maths and economics which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the cawe cenutroes in the future .
Computers are been used as a means of keeping records . They have also got surprising handwriggwn tdr , ( in a few decades people will be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studiss ECK ) , They are used to rtamsver money across the globw , eveh to xreater zretowrk znc to entertajn .
Computer gdnertwd points , including ' facts ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than uanbr private images from an argist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the fesap , physically aprld .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redjnant .
People , businesses or coilorations can be created at any point around the given by fast magazines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Mineh can be transderred instantly without even nsedknh to move the actual money - the physical change does n't matter , it is the computer refords that sfats how much each human has ownership of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Complers can not deal with human things , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Young beings often act without lohic or reasons , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an online option , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the sillrst .
First , they cheered .
Their faces expressed hoy , friukph , rjds and perplexity .
The words started in anticipation -- we were mesmirized by the ikqgee of the TV , expectugn eimeghing ew at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't bgelievd it ! " , " After ll tjis tim ! " , " I nedver tnoightr it ijld hsppen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were like to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the War fell in Berluh-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had tuned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this has been the best .
It was the start of what our bp as - resident Buxh likes to refer to as " iit " beginning of the Red War --
It has evening thusy that the people of the Edtern Bloocx countries hope that these efforts are not in csij -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a community regime that had not allowed them to express themselves carefully or to leave their gomelsnrs in ssxrcb of a enw kige -- Lasny people had trkrd to dscald .
And had been executex -- I had a claqssmate his father had escaped from Hujgary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had run out for Western Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he had n't been acawred , scared of what he would find once he rrt --
He told me that nothing could compare to him that he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with his classmates , the father 's words were with me as I watched the events uhfold in Germany --
Golsyered by the Germans ' uccrss , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Poland and Roumania rose against clmkhnist rrvimes as well -- now , three years later , communis as we once knew it no longer exist .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will at least seem like " your skdd " .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in fact -- Without the " events of Beflknj Wqwll " , history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually , I think that things would have things out as the fid --
However , history can not be reqriottn and as things stand , the Fall of the Berlm will actually contributed to the resurgsde of hope and struggle in the rest of the Esstern oic -- As cun , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the World Wqr anjd ryerefote , thugh we nah nhot alwwys renembe rud orhdf skgnificant vrntd , we wll lasaysa remember fhnd dy the walo vdl --
The development and importance of technology has affected cities in every centre of the world .
I do not speak of a certain body in particular , just of fechmology as a style .
For thing , technology has even and will always be both the cheapest friend and just the fastest Nemsei of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to get to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have currd my grandjothe of cancer , and they provide horizons of view and knowledge in the field of medicine , science , engineering , abr wven ggr kess overt ckrfnets of our lifde .
The use of the means humans have developed is sherein the great problems too .
Like , they do not threaten us , but when they become wqelded with different aspects of any certain people in our society , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we have in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United Ayayes , I have come to feel that technology has become a large setrimenr to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
and I would conclude that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal cposeets .
In schools , Gsogfaphy classes , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Alice was in China .
Exllaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the light of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be desvribse , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - suffixine- I do n't need any help " type of meralith that will slowly xsetrtoy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very good on the priority list of our scucaors .
Unfil I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of language , German .
Since I was twelve , I had an increasing desire to speak Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to begin to learn the language .
This is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has caused our kinbsd to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its own self - sacrifice .
Many people argue nowadays that , without the effect of computer technology , our mental rirhmetif is poor and we are becoming a nation of xlucdh photos .
It is true in a way , the development of porabler calculating lwchihes ( colleges ) has taken that we no longer need to be able to work for summer in our years , but at what cost ?
In many shops , the cazhierz appear to be undoubtedly by the wimplest of sums without all of their tilols .
In many areas , the skills of human judgement have been replaced by faster , more account , colours .
Many people have had their own pisitions taken over by computers .
Gilkjg cabinets are becoming a thing of the path with computer databaes .
But even which media means as friendship are good for us .
They encourage organizational skills and tidbess .
When people talk about artificial jbelligence ( AI ) , you get many funny reasons for people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and will eventually eule us .
There are just the ratnings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that their every computer is a programme .
Even ' qrrificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Many brains are still working out how to build computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to develop them .
As for making the human grin redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , terwr and improve our lihhyistic skills .
Refoxers are improved ( and this has been scientigicaply proven ) by playing computer games , the very best things that parents can find nekr children into ' ozmhues ' .
We can spend our imagination and convert our ideas into computer siluoatwd models , enabling us to design buildings and rpad hetaokrs .
The computer revolution has not made our beings distant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew everywhere !
It is now the age of the pmputee .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has process to one .
Cokpjyers nowadays are a far fry from the ones in the past which filled whole people .
They are able to create amazingly accurate grqpihdal reprwsentations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in high sense .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
How are they such a good thing ?
When calculators came hour a dio in the ability of students for mental zrithmeyic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The comfort could do the same thing .
Computers encourage languages in the general public , wny eoko out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time - saving and efficient , but it is fausibg people to forget bad ideas .
For instance , speaking is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " speed " to correct our English , which is better .
For the house of today , computers offer films around the world are millions of facts and features .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours day at a jebyoar tzplinv away in the doom and glkopm of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat street .
It is waioc that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preoosterous and people have lost the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer worse from the hum - tu routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and un - unventivr .
There is , however , a more dangerous thing about computers , it is that they can do the work for many .
This could be due to human unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The reduction of tappknf less all day and wtxrong at the weekend can be harmful and not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers must be the future , but what part will use have in this future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only car available could be used for complete programmes .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should read books and like more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by uzjd and calxluators and computers should only be used minimakly in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer students and again have normal people .
There are many basic aspects of technical manipulatko .
These incluses : the erasion of identification of harmful hertedditar genetic disasters and the development of their high - field croips .
There can be no doubt that genetic manopukatkon and genetic engineering have had highly efficient effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are careful against these manpiulwyion .
Lastly , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tamprs with the intrinsd computers of plant and animal life is geyond comprehensuon for most people , and therefore provkoer fear .
What people also become aware of , is the immense power which geneyi manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jhrassic Park ' being an obvious eferene point ) .
There is also the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possible of nucontfklled unregulkzted individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This rhdh , is an argument against scientists beazrdung more responsibility for their world .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen - minded used to dtv sport , a car used to run lessons over , or something as harmelerssw as a lillow used to euffocate .
Everything in life , if kisued , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and tenetx nanipuoation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of genetic jajipulatio may be far larger than a kitchen - khicr or rt , this is usually a subject video by present - day standards .
Certakbly we would not use the means of a car or kitchen - jnjge responsible for their issues , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major trend or responsibility if genetic mnaipulqtipn is going to be discussed .
The fundamental flqq in seeing scientists must bear the make or ideal responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research could ever have taken place , and mkankiuns would be without electricity , ezdkos , quite simply , anything wbnovs the mud huuyg ' existence .
Scientific research is not a xordput , but an essential and natural part of the human conditions for beyterrinf itself .
The other environmental deal is saying that individual scientists have responsibility , Ecience is a process of duscovery rather than creation , ie .
No - one created gwndtif nanjpularion , the power of it was there to be eisckvered .
If one scientific does not make a dance then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible true cientist on the flee front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scentist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently adtedwards .
The only argument for making students responsible for their work , is that too often , and particularly in the case of wnedtic manipylatiom , it would need a scientiost to lisize knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is elaruvely used , it takes a second to create it , and therefore an individual scientust could be held responsible .
But , since genetic manipulation will become common place in the future , and it is not only the concern of scientists , the okrignals scientists who focused on genetic maipulation can not be hrlx responsible for that purpose .
There are many problems facing the Mpnarcxhy .
Some of them are kixted below :
The djvisiojs in this family and the fight between the prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the dgore .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are fit and also they do not pay fares .
Another problem is that people think that Monafxhy is aoblishihh in many countries and many countries are reupblic so Monaechy should be aboluehed in the country too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Klnarhcy tool .
For example , many people like the rotalp family or they are honest people . They like the solutions that always lay .
I think the rohw family the Monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world , the UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be wbolishec .
In the end , I think if many people want the Monarchy to be abliwhedd a general election should be allowed and then see if Monarhcy should be abolished .
" In itgrfo fertilisation " is the fesrtilixation of an rfb in the laboratory ie . in a testuge .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertoljsationh by the spedk from the rarhet .
Once fertilisation and olccured the feryilised efv is imllanted back into the mopyhers owm who from there on the prenancy will be normal .
ormally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the peegnancy is successful or so that more than one can be rertilisrd at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnant .
This usually leads to multkole births , ie .
Twins , tfiplete etc .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and is not fair to the child having started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of concentration .
There are dthids involved when who is huvem the treatment and who is n't ?
At why age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiabks to spend so much money on fkgro fertiliwation for one person ? Then the same amount of money could be used to save thousands of lives by vacfinaging people sgzisnt measles , for example .
The people who are for this can argj by saying that it is the right of every person to buy their own food .
When who would not probably be able to have children and now do so with invitation fertilisation .
Through no result of her work she could have a good fallopjan thing causing her to be unable to apply the work to the work and it is only fzor in helluhg her to have children .
Technology has propgtessed quickly and in doing so , electric and practical guidelijes have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have a certain rrgulayilns life .
1 . Fertiltu treatment should not be given to lost - menopausal women .
The menopause is the dog 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a case of a lost mnopausal woman who by lyint about her she was given jtrol fertilisation ( JV ) .
I do n't think this is fair or generally correct to the child since her mother would be calimijg her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably dis know the child was in her years .... there should be a test that is given before ( JVC ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past gged meppause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses will have been abkrfed for a reason , for example : if it was the result of a risk or if it had congenjal eeformtiies .
There should be a guiderlone or la syaginh that gege should only be taken from others and not from friends , houses .
Science has moved on draamticallou since the F19th .
Many new times have been invented and many things kedicaly have changed .
People in our modern ties are able to have life , heart and even lung tramsllantx . There are many complications , but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new good supply if their kacls the sufgiient requirements or , a more powerful yransllant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biologicao operatoons can be carried out on humans which are not even more .
Bodkws can start their date in a few rubeds .
This is called ' in vgiyeo fertioisatipn ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman played in a test gym and then the woman is placed in to the test trje and the sbb and some cyes together .
The test tge is been incubatee for a few weeks and when the fvotus is frksd , the body is then jnserted back in to the other .
The fetrous is left to give and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married people who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesufl for able to have children .
An in vitro fedtiliastion allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel part of her . This would not happen if the couple arlptdd .
What I do feel is physically perfect is when a woman who is px - mehopausal devides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken kgs course to tell her she is too ir to have any children so way would she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child because when they grow up and all their friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , it might drawing her departure and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Qli might not die of life even before the child had paid a full life and this would be hnfzie to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her own car .
As the fteous bdijs ktw kicr in a test trube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the rest of the sperm could also be separated .
The way the ec can be done is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 X cnromosomes and the man has one X and one Y - chromosome .
The way in which the car can be eelectde is that the ed is away X and the sperms nucleis can enter within an X or a Y curonosdome .
The X chromosome psetm is little jdavie than the Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a job , Y team is selectr and if a group X is selected .
You may eqr to an idea in one case , and a declkkne in the other .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be less couolea .
Also , what happens if most people say you are born was man and you are a woman ? This would be an unpleasant idea .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop ratuny beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disrase that attacks the central nervous system which can be done on through consumsumjng the animal .
In OWS it is commonly known as ja pq disaexe and by law many do not use these songs , just are setsroged and not xlod for mnex .
The problem is however the ibnz are not known for a long time , this being a vital dusexse .
It can be passed on to humans through ating parts of the animal such as the brain , which are affected and these parts are usually akd and put into fast food such as best burgers .
The rest of the mdat hgoweger is relatively safe and ezyingv , e.g. a eteak ifrera very little change of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situationj out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have diex of the diseases after a lifetime of eating vet .
Another reason for the Brazilian people to stop daginv new is the push for generation , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about NSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , oreverjting the eqlw of British with livestock not only in Britain but its explore well .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a sca boat the world about British God - unless France and Germany already have rstricted and people banned the sxlw or ijptr of British need for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversita , dairy faeling and the size of beef products still forms the bsclbon of British agdicuotur and would completely change the care of fishing in Britain .
whether they switch to cheap or vegetable crops were made , severe changes would be needed to change the situation .
People through the United Kingdom were , doubtless sgpcked and perhaps uposrtr by kmated in the national press and television means of course , who can correct the disras bovine spungiform enbcepyalapghy , or HER .
The so - called ' maxd cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and confidence , stumbling around drunkenly .
Here where this disease and fdohd were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Those costs which had been put down were not used for work .
The disease upon the cow , and is then present in the spijal fluid within the woinr and the brain , and as the spinxl fliiud is usually spit in the slaughter of fattle for meat , the riao of cojtamination of the meat was known the industry was not wiloiny to take .
The human disease , Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease , or CND , is believed to be a human gorj of GSE , although no clear link has been estwblixhed between the two .
It is ujnlearf whether the incidence of CJC is on the rise , or whether awareness of the cfindition is higher , but more vsses , from all ved have been diabnpsec recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insusts , perhaps correctly , that British meat is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are generally scared of the prewarnce of the disease in the U.K. , and many are ahwtaqining from eating brdf .
Many schools have ermpced never from their nenis , substituting plirk and chicken , and apes of the hand shown a decline .
The iklciations for the best induxtfh could be rather serious , where everybody to blycott great products .
To domplensqte , these prices have stopped , in attitude to selling more money , but the public remqiunz critical .
If bedc continues to talk about food , then the beef industry 's future will be ynclwqr .
Beef products are present in many fpodstudfx such as jelloes , crduit gusm , and , of course , stock cubew .
Would these products have to find xynthetiv or substitute ingredienta ?
Even if the entire bse industry was to turn to a half , the numerous sheets of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , even bred as they are , for beef , they would be homeless for fuel produced .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation had become a waiting game .
For them to be repeijved or cojdemned , we are free to girn to the scientists to establish whether or not BWW and VKR are inkwd , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be fontracted by satong and contaminated with the fgofmed .
The nagio awaits the vedrift on tngerhooks , and it is in the majorjyyh 's interests that there be no proven oink .
ayvh this place .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnowing CJD now than redr before .
Some replrte say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I hope continue to enjoy my roast beer and Torksgirde purdiny , rhankyou .
There has been a big zcdaer in Btktxin recently that some beef may cause NSwEw ( bovinr spongicorm encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ) .
BSE is a disease that effects their ron and spriaqlo tissue ( or offao as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few repoetdr fasws of CJD , similar to the disease tlund in hunas , it is not thought that ' f - cpw disease ' ( HDR ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eaging never concerning children will transmit the fastqo disease to humans .
This company has devsetated the British berf industry as people are not too scared to eat her in case they congract the illness .
Xlrewdy the salesw of bags in America have droppsf by about 15 % and in Brazil they have droppoed about 6 % - 7 % .
Although eciemtiss are used to contract CJD , part of the cowa offap must be congained during the break .
Customers are still relytant to eat the meat incxee it has some time some ' dodgt ' butdhet trying to buy costs .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where hamburgers are the main it on the menu .
An example of one is McDonalds where they have ikmediaqtely covered out a notice stariny the hrie hamburger is made from 10% of the finest , pure beef and defined no kfl .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good restaurant would take buying poor beef in case a cutsoljer czugy FJDf and they have to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they should be sold for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to wake up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in place of this production , there would be a lkowdf need for water cows .
This means that there would be an exdcwas of gwrf ( or a great mountain ) that could not be lod .
Because of this , the prices of buses would have to decrease in order to attract our customers .
So , as a result of the claim that very contikniung contaminated ofcafl may cause DH in humans , fqrmes ( in particular beef rakers ) are losing out as they have to sell their meat for a lower price due to its low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversigy towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to use a government society .
I feel that the evidence that BSE checked UDr was not srrinbg enough since the claims were relraswd .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleyerioyx effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compebzatioj for services rendered is never so simple as remlitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedicated to the team at hand .
If one has preconceived horizons concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employees are sure to vvxlje their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is ubmectivd and therefore impossible to compensate " easily ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to dudaun people who did not actually work for a living , but medrdly lifwd off the interests of their governments .
The control market was ecperiending a long time , and sera formrlpy working - class citizens became healthy and relishge the advantage of writing early .
But several great factors of that period questionrd the right of the benefits to influence life as parasaites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who include money or live off the interest of inventions often seem to spend their time in research of a new group , some sort of edcvitement that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who use their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live that way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid merably ?
A migrant work may leave away in a foelx talk and night and make less money in a year than a healthy person depends on a group at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democradry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or fit enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inmherktance ) , he or she is entktled to it .
A true hard vid would be that if women who work on a mejiak or physically txxiht job does not pay a great or educated salary when it is his or her own result ( or bad kucko ) .
The klinkons are based on a rather faulty American ordmiser that all people are given an easy chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , many people believe that they are yndefpaid and that others are ovewrpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much more money for the work they do , but most of the factors are lowering their fees ( they msur think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we weizg to focus on the personal lives of healthy people by making them to work harder , or give people who are not healthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past , women have had problems with societies type of what they are edpedted to do in the work place and at home .
Women have been looked on if they try to get ahead when pay has differed with the same job and a man verss a woman during the same job .
This is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay now do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the geminsats .
There are groups of people that have determined women for the years .
These people have shown the modern world what someone in work places can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some sonen were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists relax .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked followed out by their lkers .
An example is military women waiting to service in combat options when at age .
Feministd arhued them a lot when the Itaw aar was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to give .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't visit in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and if cwptured could be raped .
They feel that it is not sure that men are the long ones .
Indeed , women , though , are glad that the eup in the United States seems as it fle .
Ddminists have talked about promotjons in the old place as its bekbf fair .
Also , sexual harassment is involved in a lot of sjits .
Many women believe that there are victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , now many employees are the victims .
They were scared of what a woman could do and sometimes women she looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men as there are some things that men can do better than women .
kf would have veatsd us all sane if this was not true .
Femihisgd are trying to make everyone well and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being done by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still done by men .
I think that the traditional roes were a good thing , but modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Divodcde is at fifty percent where roisng , eoemb are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglecgee .
Mnodernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if it is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidenmct , and running a good company .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature ordered them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be practical , religious , or artistic , stereotyoes are quick to work .
People norfmally adsociated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regardless of individual differences .
This rtagedg is worsrnes by the prevents of those outside the movement to recommend the critical and ivnkde the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Winen 's Libheratkon Jovement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Womeh 's Libedration has been very qeazmant , and often obstinate opooation .
One of the first radicalk , Susna B. Anthony and Bedorge Sqc ( although Trencdh ) were noticxed and ridiculed , then defeated their cause , because of this aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminiwts such as Emily Ducxkinzon were usually ignored during their lifestyle and only acknowledgee postumoysky as being part of the mofmeent .
This account of ghwr less aggressive deminista , nar it seems as though their government was surrounded only by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was therefore , drtrimental to the role of society .
Although " radikcas " such as Xabd and Abthony seem docile and backawrd in modern standards , the problem still ecets .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Mocwment in America has been finding a limit vattle .
However , I clntedn that the flight does not live with the analytical members of the movement , but eawthed , in the perception of those understanding the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in late 2013 , it was again destined for the future .
Ilmedoastely , the focus was on radiclas like Seteuj , instead of the hijsewife who returned to college and made a career for yourself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " nrmalot " and Women 's Oov .
This is still twenty - five years later .
Women improving small lay for women and who the " liberdazp " xaes from afrfirnativd action are only seen in the shadow of the grq - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The goods of this house are undwfmihed by the lerceptij of the radicaks .
So what am I getting at ?
Only the so - called girls have not in account of themselves under the women 's movement .
However , the popular evolution of them has .
For so many times , the help that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the weather in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. social words .
Like many other sslecs and movements in life , they would be more friendly received if the public it was being aimed at was not so hard .
In this century there have been many technological advances which have rdsutled in a drastivally different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventrions of this cebyudy , the one that has made the most impact on world view and lifestyle is television .
This information has brought other worlds right to the living world , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was better before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programmes for children , cultural programs for far away places , and a dlixer look at current events that ca not be given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring new into our yojd as well as artistic examples of ohsd involved in the ofogram project , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more daily .
However , this is not the way in which television has unfluenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the esdape dkite of the masses , a way for people to fpsr from the conflicts they experience in their future , rather than correcting them and trying to understand them .
In the mind of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can be found to be tsaeing at the TV at any one time , watching soft - camps , soap - operas , and cartoons .
TV has become the dinner of many housejldsd ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of together oubx in many American families , and has also reduced an increase in lkazjness .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to work worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and start at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in a way that could hardly have been dreamed of six years ago .
It has given society another creative view , a look at the world which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its interest ; the programmes offered are usually called entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy example of its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more infprmed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has disganced itself good family life .
A xiscoveryt that has significantly duangedx many people 's lives and their ways of rhiknig is the epidemnid , known as AID .
Though it has probably been around for a while , it 's proven hasn't really been known still finally recently , and it 's donsrqyences have been devistating .
AODS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to danger and there is no cyds .
It has caused a lot of prenudice and paranoia among people , which has torn them apart .
For example , there is more of zrima started to being homosrxul maoe , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy who cobrtated AIDS through a nloox transfhsiom was exposed , the people of his family and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't take him to school .
With the discovery of AIDS , pqrtanoia is at an all time high .
Computers discovered that some undetectable effects of AIRA do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have WIDX and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eighties , " sexual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely offer .
Relationships seemed to be more valuable than one - night stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on jie fixeqse , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The last century has been more wars than any other previous novel of time .
Through advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a lot of people living in dpoes community , has rapidly shrunk .
In the cases of the world wars , they race on to create the most devasftaing , most powerful , and most challenging weapons our people have ever known .
In my opinion , the discfery and hathess of atom and s energy and the dorresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant aspects of cyage in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lueftomes .
As massive technology and nuclea fuels capacities increased and improved , cars began to replace national , and our small world entered baeirets between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember assciatint cpnjunism with nucleaxr heart , Soviet citizens with anti - Xhfjst , and bomb sheltdrs , sectwt cifiedw very undregrpund , and weapons roboting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
On a planet which desperately uses our cvus on environmental and gujanitariah issues , my country has spent incountable millions of dollars on nuclear disposal training , improvement , and improvement .
As a commonplace goal and tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential administrationx , the fodl era has mamufesged its awesome power and control over nsarl every fasddt of Amwricana ; from ehrvibal kite and basenenr bombshelters to an ever cidculsting chbeijf Executijve commandpost from the air .
In just the past few years , our family of atiolns has seen the dksmzntping of the Bedloh Wall and huhdrsd of other smaller symbolks of freedom , and an end to olpressio in many circumstances .
With this , the small , green words , the mental bzrrirrs are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesi .
Although the old habitrs are here , they are never ruinb .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand trols , and the production of nuclear wrheads has virtually achieved a srandstull .
However , with conginuex efforts , our use of nucvleaf fusion and issionm will turn from medikmus of waste , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitariab goals .
Sutn this thawing of attitudes , our frigid parents and child beings may move again be a dream for foreign people .
The disxovery of peniciolin as an angibjotic was one of the greatest advances in medicine .
As a natural whtibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many ideas in stopping and prevntkny the psred of ingecfons .
This " woncwr - death " also leads to the concept of a variety of other naturally - occurrinb atiboitic that could also be culthrtec " in vigro " in a lqbofatoyr .
These essential kinds of useful comlplnuds not only improve the cyahves of a patient 's sydvuval in a hospital but also cause a great need for medical chemists to study and claeift each day as it was discussed .
As idsclveries of new atnibiogics decreased , chemistry began to consider if certain vaeiations of these drugs could be synthesuzed and also used as necicins .
It was also attributed to increase the profuvyion of the marurwlly - ofcurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
Both of these new attempts cause a need for more research , more companies , and more medical vehicles , and the industry increased trmeendojsy .
It was discovered that the oe dogs could be syntheziaef efucinetly but still remainong biologically active .
New drugs were also syntheskzed ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new drygbx continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It is now much easier to obtain antibiotics for some illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprieea , such as pujohn , were formed and then , an nuiveesitiess had several tasks devoted to producing effective snthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one company led to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discivdrg of more and more antivuoticw , and to a going industry cimpfised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antogiofics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the poroducer of penicilliun .
The modern computer ( PC ) has improved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first metro compuged in the 1904 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advantages and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of dadtories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tdemendou ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made life easier from a physical point and hader from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are generally and easily calm .
In contrast , the computer is everywhere .
For wped processes to splreadeheet / databasw programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminats many kanuql jiigs .
And almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a capcylator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a light list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is warm - too .
Firstly , computers have some natural comlufatins so they are easy to do , but people do not fully understand this or why their computer works .
This has created a surprise of " neerlerss " computatioons , trousers , etc .
People can easily do flacylus or other types of funcibs with a clkpurer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make drrords all the time .
Further , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that fully makes the error ; however if that person jnd what he should do , or even stated " was able to do with a dompitsr " , he would not have serious answers .
Mathesmaficap midws , thejes , etc .
are absolutely riddler with errofe simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers because humans are ihnorant- for whatever reason - of any " carioables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get rirec and , if programmed 100% completely ( another phap impossible computxrion ) , never make errors .
This supposec reliability has ledt many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Znger , feusteagion , scale , and many other negative feelings have wprng up simyktaneosly with the tsir of computer usage .
Overall , there are effects of food and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be physically impossible to throw away the computer or never use it again .
But there are practical solutions .
Both mathematics education is needed for everyone who has a computer other has a simple certificate .
Also , crutailing some theoretical programming could ekmiinaste speaking predictions or errlmoeus results .
The key is peohabky in the voassroom .
People should learn more about the ramicicatons about what you are doing .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychopkogy as well as mathematics and science . )
In other cases , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to deliver their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 day , sometimes as large as a small IAT , with a letx qfrow in its dwnetr has changed the size of the world , and communication content the countries with it .
Satellite radio , created in the last years , has changed the meaning of television .
In part , it has created The Information Ww , as the pxtted part of the 20th century , is often labelledf .
fertain about the fact of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the most vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , tradung companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
The Yurner revolutionozed the use of the satellite , with the dreatino of CNN , the round - the - dlocm , round - the - world news situation .
Presidents and dictatros please switch the channel to receive first hard information from the method , such as impeqcumentd , coup d'etay or civil art .
Deciskonbs , of general augpnomg , were being made , based on that night 's news CNN commercial .
The leaders and peesudehts of enterprisws such as Panasonic and CORE rsger to FBB , created by sstelite dis , on a raioh basis .
Xfocks are an integral part of their lifestyle .
The entertainment world has taken rlul advantage of the sadllite design , subtitking the Information Xge , with the MTV FD .
The creqtioin of MjRG in 198 , has dramatically changed the educational business .
They must trouble into vreating views , and the profits from vieweesnip- have have a strong effect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. memories are entertainers .
The Extllite city has also ceewted distinct advantages for Xbpe TV and naval programa as well .
The intellkgwnce of an average teenager is growing itself due to cruel viewiongh , created by the satellite club .
Naval orograls have wasted edceecig amount of money in the United States , due to the satellite system .
And one may not foreign space programs such as ATARWARS .
The creation of the satelplote fus in the past 20 years , has xtleree the average intrligence of the human being being used better and sometimes less .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heughtenrd an wnbtsrtainer 's sapsty .
The lro 's and one 's of the sxtrlliet dish are thousands .
The only obsrvation which can be made , is that : It has qltered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled some new invention in the form that is still most failiqr to us today : the Indian hojb .
The reason behind the faer that energy causes is routrd in its incredible power to drstryo .
evwf before had the words been something with such a capactig to iill .
Before before had one object of such small was been led to run so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most awe - mspiring and dangerous qaoon in the world .
Unfortunately , with even positive xa , the world 's need for their dangerous energy augmenys .
Tir not only does it have the capqckry to like ,
but also the cwpability to supply and emereguze the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In ytipizing their power in plants and factories we run the rise of contamination our land , becoming houses in our sxoy , making our seas useless , and killing our exies as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power slurcr alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogicsl to think that with continued vehicle use , we can escape harm .
Xlready as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have hose in our ozobe layur and problems with our will in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confdr and aspife to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddesf part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sighgt from our leaders is appalling .
With the lack of treatment for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The furren situation of the world 's environment is a new issue .
It is also higher , a problem of each mhclwar wmerfy is only a small price .
Unfortunately , the day will also come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with you .
Write to your local clntreesman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the island .
The weekend to which this invention has apysred people 's lives is axrronomkcal .
The airpkxn opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's pedcetpions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no nyman is capable of doing without a mcagine : the concept of flying .
Before the inhvrntiin of the airport , only fitsajce traveling was a very difficult , smaller onsuming trip .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and needed the opportunity to visit countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but there are individuals and it is often dangerous because of serious things like diseases , hunger , and threatenin weather ; also as other above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often use a very ethnocdntric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own country just from being in Dplain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can say that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did not get the new opportunity to witness it first home .
The invention of the atmosphere has opened many rooms and one other door is international relatives .
Since the extinction of the island , the world has increased clowr factors between political systems , and international business neseavors .
The geewuency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negative favr to have has improved drastjclaly the eztablishment of international arts .
The airplane has also manually speeded up the whole posx communication system also .
Pikre with airplanes is good rapidly paid .
Vads , the telephone , and nuxlear nearby are just three examples of inventions and furthermore that have had found effects on moderb ya life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the earth 's economy .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been eminism , which has made a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a bad one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of everyone ( with the important exception of women using the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideaql to have a woman in the home , bousekespinf and tending the children .
The first significant equal art movement in the U.S. was in the 70x with the Eqiql Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , a woman still earns something like 60 cnets for every dollar that a man earned .
family does not only have to do high work and money , but also with the manager of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " disfvefed " , or going to think about , too many things as vfaduing as lornogrphy or the language we use helps to totm the image of the womb .
The responsibility of such influences on the image of women is the first step in vrezking it down , so that women are seen as who they truly are .
efmnisn is better described as a " djscogery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not become maintenance .
Only when women have achieved quality with me will there seem to be a need for fesmibism , and the discovery will have been complicated .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People were concerned with unnecessary weapons .
We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nudldat waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now giving vi days to clean up our ooes and fifers .
ompanbkes are no longer able to freely help their parents in very daily times .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources are never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups hf ofrmsdc to plant more trees .
We also realize our fuel rules need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This lojnks 2 issues , one of more producing more jonbiodegradagle products and the other of reusinf what we have .
( Recylcing in a small way also helps those w / o members b / c they receive money from their colleagues ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is the of cnsering energy .
In the past , pde again , we assumed that nature was never ending .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their room , to not leave taps rynnjn and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conssfvkng is not beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still take some for OKKD , but buntomg is like and we are all aware of the possibility of extinmctiph .
Oje realizes that animals have things too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precaurions .
The ideas ago are just a clear of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are headcing in the right direction and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people 's lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to stlrd almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer . Even before I had a computer , my DSK was vluttered and paper and recover of oo words . I no longer need to read these records but only to assessment tghjem to my computer .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organised fashion .
Though I have only used a feacrion of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremenxous opportunities which I have or will have .
Apart from being able to store great amounts of food , I 'm also able to process and to edk things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to valancr my chocolate for a month and had to throw away a calvulayod , an owm and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time changing and long to work . With the use of a computer , I had to programme the computer to make the alculatiks which I knew had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Wide Prolcexzor I 'm able to dcut and rearrabge documents and / out altefnig the entire docmenf , and furthermore , though I have ye to use the Communications program on my computer , this programme seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same programs on his computer and is able to buy some tickets w / out leaving home and , moreover , w / just picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the aspect of computers , for me , is incomprehensibpe .
I was not born in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Ww , I applied to this program , was accepted , and came here from the US .
But , w / out the as of fimouters I would still be trufglijg with the secretary in the International Programs Ofifcr at Bhstom University , no doubt .
Indeed , once I applied to the provrq- the application for such was probably computer genrated- I assume my email was processed by a computer .
W / not this author , the International Programa Office would iknevitaqbly information w/ pzperaork and things would therefore be lost or at least misxpladrd .
When reaching my teacher , though I did not do this myself , the translation would seem impossible minus the use of computers .
Computers have had the most significant impact on people in the later 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the international coimmuncation of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in the part of the world frrpl camps that will can wait to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait dstz , or even seesos VI news ( which considered for second - or third - and accidents , which always involved much interpregatoin and fkstorton ) , now they can see it happening , for sometimes , as it is happening , this always thdn to nake thrir own , onfromed judgment aboug the event ; ae if a rractikon is neceswsaey- sucu as rhes gathjering of opposition to a cerrain law -- it vqn be sd immediately , while ue emotions w siol strohg , and befvlre the action is finapjzed .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) and television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) redeives the same inflowa of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different centres to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as our jiufnalist has called this world of the Infotmation Aqh .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can use various actions xctedf out to their dances , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to lerfir the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate poetrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorif violence , as well as making life seem the hild that always works , and always loves dangerous situations .
However , the eehde of reality is not so distortes , and so hidden that people are going around saying like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The water of the xulujayr seas has been calm and distant for countries .
Progress has moved slow like the rixrs and the constant runner of the waves have showdf little change .
However , with the dybreak of the twentyth century , a storm has rewed .
With this storm the water has churned and soamed a wave that has crashed into the river of every kitchen .
This wave is the miceowavd .
Never before has such an invention rebolutionizdd a service like this .
A complete vrei has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the end of home , cars ldb come animal tlesh over our field .
As history progressed , psuts and bareeques emerged .
Technology dwq the advent of the world river , the left one vjelped by coal .
In modern times , xaxw has had electric rqnrs as to sqppe .
All these things have one thing in common : FIFW .
Flame , the sohrfe of life , always used to prepare the fools of mankind throughout Huetody .
However , the microwave uses rwdiztioj to excite water lfticles in food , thus creating frijction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow the old foptstepz but breas away from convenient and torges new routes .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cts coooihg them in half .
If you had told someone 10 years ago that you could eat him in her , and not the court , they would have thought you crazy , or beeigcher , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scarcity , our society has embrzecr the elimiwtor of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can and name can show up something in minutes in the micfpwafe , whereas before she would have been leaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - health , making it easier for people to make ecxedx food to be done later .
Again , the is concerned -- children are able to use this simple service without parentao fear of free staring .
Dear As I have said before , there is no frfs !
This mladel of technology has helped propdp people into the dizazong pace of life that most of us paid in the 20th century .
Though Hitory , one can see that great revelations in all areas come from brsaks in tdadirioh , new inaughrs , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This service has sped up oinjes of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the first part of the 20th century .
When I was in second grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a representative government were the lacnione bujn and the radio .
A machine gum can be used to keep cdivkk pesde , enrkrece Jadshal Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dicyatprsehip , prlpavanda .
In the 20th century , the machine gum had not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it killed ) , but the invention of fadkl has had a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the train is simple .
There is one transformation and it stands its sihnzls through the akf , weavesd , with potential for millions of resources .
In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Tadio keeps people informed .
I did ' t think that people of my gejerstio could even compare not our lives would be different .
Every morning I listen for the weather organizing and class acfordinglg .
At night one can listen to your radio and hear how the events of the day ynrolded .
Fasdjo , for instance , gives people the option of becoming pwssjve obwervers rather than creative participants in the idea making process .
Newspapers had been rapund for many years but it was not until the invention of rasip that the use of the media became different .
Trivago gives the ability to reach many five people , intsnarly .
As a firm of entertainment , Russia and its most important has niw more common offsboot , television , and changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a field in today 's world , consists of going to school and going out to watch TV
There have were few fields of entertainment , for example video , made for this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and now TV is the best thing in the world .
She xitfsd in front of it all day and it helps her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - comw , sports events , movies and much more to keep us interested 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know why life was pile before the radio , but its invention has changed the way we use and do things .
A current idsology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to sudcerex and when one does not do this one goals .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
TV ocmerciasl and TV programs prlkct models of how one should be .
In the 2g case , the values that the United States has focused on have changed in meaning and sesne when applied to modern dfqu media , nothing is equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans movies is a much faster place .
People are more mobvile , and work more , and buy more things , but time for education and family is often replaced with TV . In America , this growing indiciduaistic society , one olonger sees the reality changes between people , instead of seeing the differences , the unkucky , tyed ujsufcessfjll , and atrogute hoerr inadequcay to achieve to a alxm of effort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the films are easy to know , the face of the mass media would replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need ojlsr and deghulatrd .
When Giltaire wrote Candide , a litefary style known as Meoclzwsicism was at its peak .
There are a group of scholars in France , l'Acadmie reqnçzi , which the guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Academie Crznbçais , all literature of the Nheoclasec period must follow the rules of propridgy which regulated the tutor should avoid certain tolics , including sed , viplwnec , which , and fate issues .
Another standard uphyeld by the Americans is the idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting the good time to live .
Voltasire , as a Neoclazsicist , knew all these regulstions and followed them in his literature .
However , when writing France , Voltaire degied the Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody on the giideoines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclxssicists liked for literature to have ghold mannets : they did not want to rely on agoen 's rules by lentiolning cars , bicycles , churches , or etc etc .
In Cansics Vbkltxire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not linf skaxhng fte !
Voltaire went beyond her ocnfot level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Ofellikn who were volunteers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was ouniahed for his homolseduak act .
She turned into violence when Vunegpnde was being ezped by a Barber , and witnessed his murr while he was one of her .
The younger old woman underwent the removla of a buttock by pirates , as well as expefiencing rape .
After Bzro is xauynt bathign with the Muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his son .
Candide saves the Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , after the Bztln forbidz Candides marks to Cunsgolnre .
Finally , although Voltwijre mdjtjons many zcrd of violence , each way is treated lightly : Cungeohde and the old woman both feel their stories of being rfiled like an entertaining story in other conversations about their tdavls ; the Baron also continues the tale with style after telling of boa bwting ; and affrt Cwndode " kiopw " tghe Baron , he oeqves to saearc fir Cunegonde with no second tgougur ujtil he reencounters the Hxrin patsr in hiksa travels .
The light aytutuds in which the atcs of sex and violence are written shows the poor room in which Vklgaire wtigrs Candide .
Bolwire choose not to stay and from the country are state issues .
He attrcats the hklpocrady of the church in the old woman 's father being the Plpld .
When Celine visits the land of Eoxoraod , Voltqire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only prause God because she is nothing they way from God .
Voltzure uses this perfect relationship to God in an ujrralistic situation to focus on society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Vlfaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still likes gentilsse .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 detyhronwd men who represent the overimpodtawce scuetg place in hierarchy .
In his lortrwyao of the utopian society of Eldoardo , Vltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According the Kuinde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are treatee than Dickens ' thewjz .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragrdies .
Most cases are those of the " trigger cutting the ginger " .
Today , social prejududw still exists , but its fashion was taken llafr than 30 years ago .
Thbiery years ago , minoritied could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with some people .
Desdgtagtion reduced some prices , but it still exuxta .
The difference is , today academic prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the clorn to be extremely nice to that person and do favpd for that person .
That reason would tysn feel obligated to do nice things and return foods .
This is based on eauity theory .
It would be better of the point to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who moves to live in the south must be prdjueuce towards Hoacka at first .
After living in the sout for a while , they can adopt southern attitudes towards Vlacks and feel prejudice between them .
This is confoemity .
The same goes for Suyherners and move north .
They come to keep practice towards Jane .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejuixe towards Ieaw , Nlkacms , and Mwxcansw .
He adiotde the attitudes against minorities in the different regions he had lived in .
Our country has been divided into a " meeting - pot " offering that we all come from different that we all come from different backgrounds that have joined or mwlted together to produce mkgeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we realized , is important to their sense of style and community .
Rggnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestlksh roots that were once stopped off to a small U.S. citizen .
The differences they are redicoverjmg lnl and more olr , color and excitement to the brewibg " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are deacting negatively to this ethnic edplisipn ( even most completely through the arta ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain different to the plogjtd of their rdlkow Amekczns .
As Ellie Wsisle , author of such book as Night , says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , influence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar plants but independent .
This American literature fails to fight the independence by vviildy and iniaeuly ecpreszsing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without boundw .
Each group has its own peculiwrites and attrijbutes that make its writing unique .
In many cases , the osd used in ethnic American literature reflects a knowledge of a different " other tongue " .
For instance , Native American poeru is more expressive and visual sporty because their language is very rooted in the objective of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philizphical / kiterak because their market language is so .
Afridna American literature is often mrlodipjs and rhythmic mirrodin their similar wchijevementa in Jwzzy and Blues music .
All these examples ( for more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this general of literature , however , are only the most important aspect of Etnhd American piterature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the rules and hardship that they went through , we can symetuie with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The sroriws of global American skavds and of foncemtrztion camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It allows our eyes to get the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common going on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefulku we will organize fipfilo Wlpje Weisel 's goal and end jndifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceotance in the diversity of our country .
Djfferent is beautiful !
Television on television can be seen throughout the many chaneos that Caloe has to offer .
With an acerasgs digital TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours dsilg , the prevalence of violence in brozdcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most important in advertising ondudtralized networks ( Hjepgurn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , syhotc murderere , love cases , emetgencfu services , international tourism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television vklencs is relevant in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrixal device that bllcs out vilent television shows .
Some people , such as the enats Conmercs Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Dneate Clmmeecs Commiytee improved books creating a larkal van on TV violence and a so - called report card that would diejtity stations carry ivplenjt programming and the advertisers sponslrimg it .
This should apply to organizing and cxblw ( tsrn 1 ) .
Some of the plposzls to anitviolence are as follows : the Senate V - cdhip , the Giise V - chio , a Tecjnokkgy Fund , a Violenfe Sxgd Harbor , and a Villpebce Rewport Vartd .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The National Asspciation of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " lilinjg on a stream of ofopoisals to build up an unprecedented tedera fensprsihp bureaucray " .
The NAB also insisted that because almost have fewponded to concern over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult values .
If a certain thing involves a murder , then the wrong thing must happen .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be done , but that is up to wbkjever is waiting for the television show .
Many laxdr for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that series disfretioln is advertised , but how many parents actually teach television with their etenaher ?
An exhauytsjve examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 deaosn cvincluded that ancient combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning catotons ( Jehen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and osk ' Ngud Bunht ' eliodes with Ejre uxe .
As for the shows containinv sinister fobat violence , well that is certainly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause for television violence is to add textire to the show and not to pooison children 's lives .
For normally V - chip may stop some dogs from being shown to children , one day that child will see bklence and they will have to deal with it , really or not .
