It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psycholgy because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to stud hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car , but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car , I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realize the importance of public transport .
In India we have various types of public transport , like Ctcle , Bike , Caxr , Train & Flight .
Depending on the distance and durarion to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Avra .
It takes around 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We have stopped at hotels to have food and , just in case if anyone of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait whenever we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & flight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you give me the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love to play with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport played every place . When I travel on the beach I like play with my sister in the sand and after we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young , I liked play with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goalsd as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to ask you for some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevolla , Vzlencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Kas Cibelesd " .
I visited Madrid twice a year .
All summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want , I will look for a job from you .
My best friend is looking for a person responsible for looking after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after her every weekend .
Are you interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is the cost effective and most effective consideration in a mass transport system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating costs running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use mofe the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them when we are waiting for the bus or underground , but on another hand , car costs more money than public transport .
By car we can just sit by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport we can meet friends or family , so both transportation are good aqnd the dars do n't need necessarialy to end up eith the public transpkrt .
If I had to choose between both transportations I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the last garden , with worms who eat and develop all the organic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special ttashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottlrs and they also make atlks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . Why did I choose it ? Football is an international sport . People around the world will love it so many like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premidr , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all that will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : be a super hero !
After many years , he will dream of becoming a super hero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thought that this profession was more similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university and he met a girl called Katd and he loved her and she loved him .
Kate was studying at the University of Fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day that Michael said to his dream to be a super hero . Kate was so nervous , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't ecist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and the man said that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
He got so made that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
On the following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they get to the home of Michael they fivht again and Michael gets a knife and kills her .
He cried with a lot of blood around him .
Michael got away from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings many benefits to our lives .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , tqipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
car is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans also .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by cars .
It causes global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaser happened in decades , such as tyhpoon , hrricanes , wild fire and mud skide .
What other precautiins are usually taken ?
The NG office is notified by the phitographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process started right away
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is by car , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option is look out for a train .
There is n't comparation with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from home to south in less than hour thos will make business msn happy and comfort because of saving a lkt of times and efforts so we hope that the govertnment can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
A big project could not be finished without co - iperations .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around us .
More importantly , parents give our lives and they give us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , families play important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a mal from parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to the families , the ideas would come up to your failies and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , families are the most important friends in our lives .
Computing Technology has been advancing very much these recent years , making the old computers almost higher , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new development .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting with the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Pld computers used to occupy one entire room . Now , they only are the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Some computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , warch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve ths Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , bjt thouswnd of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet fable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gdt rekt m8
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he lives at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he chef about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same houss so i decodec to follow hkm to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finlaly gota an idea , i would dtive him crazy just as he di with me , that way sh will thnik he had probleks on his mind and lect uim , but son i thougt about it again ajd realized that if i did that she will tryg to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both frazy almst at the botder of ceath , jus as he dis wih me !
But about a minute am I really so angry to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind I did not have control over my expressions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satizaction i wouldx feel whnen i finhally had my revange , the best revange .
But I was so mad at him and so angry to making his life impossible , and soon my fear of freedom and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and bigger . I had made a decision I was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his ljfe tourtoring me adn not wantinf me to be happy i wuold the time is nesesary forf him to ahve a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
I do not agree with this idea completely .
On the one hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient as for the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I wanted to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Prrmier Ldague , Lugue 1 or Luga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Deal Madrid , where Ronalfo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called Vapenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Chajpions League and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Chamlpions Spain is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jobny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technolkgy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like personality with children , so I like children .
I had experience of holdinv basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities for view to make competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simle to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I think that a smile is the best igft in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response . Thanks .
Public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is becoming cheaper and also more safe , but some people prefer cars to an extent we agree with and our reasons for that is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in these years there was not even good facility to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . In about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became vry supported by having hsr own fans at yhe beginningb the faced a lot of prpblems but theyg were able to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities of travelling are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster , but when it comes to traveljng a lot of people prefer riding their own acrs to feel thw real experience adn to enjoy more by chilling oit frok crowded places
To summary , it is different from some music opinion to another . I believe that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end , cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explaining the ubcertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more opponent if we look into the range of the car companies and the exponential growth in their less figure and with low - budget private cars in the picture , sxenario ddrastically changed in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment brought our biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosts economic growth and jobs opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GEP ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one it does matter , but one thing should be taken care of by the people and organoser of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue in today 's fate .
Governments should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we the people have a really important part in making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government .
People do not realize that cutting the rate can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Adritionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and since 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighboring cities to take part in cleaning up the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football games .
On our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training I ran 1 - 2 kilometers and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve our football skills .
His main saying must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say that the coach is an experienced person .
But so long ago , we had competition .
The first place was gotying by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organized .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Smhatar or Dtnamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"Yiu must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice to your expressly e - email yesterday .
You regret that you were n't here with me . I 'll not describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I assisted on a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time ago , however , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dyhamic training to do with the other hallet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All the members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Besides , there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where your best friend can help each other and get to know each other .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survive , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know any members of my family , I do n't trust them , constantly .
I like New Zealand because there are many kslands .
By the way , New Zealand has good weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is literally warmer than there .
That 's why I orddr all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like kewy chakns , sattue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand but believe me it is a very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in London , a small city in South Sicily .
The local Ckuncil hasn't a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw all together in a black sack .
Although the Council has begun to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw ftigo , kitchen , " amiano " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lengini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live in situations that I did not like but , for instance , the girls said me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I experienced the worst emotions in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst days of my life .
One night I cried because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together we went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of parents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I mean that they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has never been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier day by day .
She must not always completely use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made the public transportation system lat behind more cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camp .
I am waiting for your answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study hard because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
The lessons are very funny
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended you from
my last company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
Technology has changed people 's lives very much.in fact , we can think how different our lives respect either our parents or our grandparents are example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young.but it is n't the alohe difference : we can think at he mobilefone , the computer ed at peast the internet.our grandparents eoundn't imwgine a strange machinw like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like cars are now popular , in the future , the srance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , recycling . This source of energy does n't always maintain at a constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researvhing the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - use of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time in traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for meaningful polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
Every person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services for travelling have a brigut potential and its state in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free for the weekend , have you any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful gadgets .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to the temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Latter in the evening , went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and an xtable environment for the younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain draih are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributijg to the economy .
The cause of brain - dancing should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational basis , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There is n't too much oxygen at the top of Everest to breath easily
Jordan Romero had got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Evwrest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like programmes on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I am dacing in the parties with my friends .
They listen to music and can sing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best song . He sings and talks in the party .
Another person is Anyel . He does n't dance in all places .
He prefers studying at home .
Hello Something .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there was a girl who is in my class . She is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes look like the sun .
But she ignored me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on akr and my feet do not hardly fouch the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sports too .
I am willing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to tell to run too fast , but then to really build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little more faster and then afetr 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Therefore you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly has any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zimbie approach should happen he would be prepared because he had been watching Walkinv Dear for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forenswic biologst and I really love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimilating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of result and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast the change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes have broadened young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different techniques from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also offers educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possesw .
Apart from educational content , there are so many foul content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think that the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
There we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time I was here I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of dhell and the waiters are dressed like sailods : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he make us a convenience price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has a future .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car .
In addition , having a cat is very expensive .
First of all , you need to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the Korean , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future we will have .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But it was a little late .
I copleted many tasks , including tutoring three students to complete summer homework , collecting homework diligently sasist the instructor . The presence helped organize hzndouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene . very hard , but I have nothing to complain qbout .
I worked hard for two months , paid a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the waiting wage now .
I advise you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example buses , trains , metro and more , for only one reason : the quality of life against pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for the parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback by people .
Instead , in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient to invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tim Sawyer was a girl that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Hck which They talked a lot and Tom exchanged a ticket for his ticket .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Befky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom said to her about another girl , so she ran away and she ignorwd Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't want to talk with him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and was stressed for weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom opened the door and got in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurants , such as Japanese " ryoteik " and " izakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skills with them .
Recently , many South East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirtyu and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he let the bathroom like this , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Banaglore , Ondia .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an essay about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never prefer to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar team sports , and I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me or I haven't waited anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated htat !
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and from that day I went to work .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me , but sometimes it is annoying too .
I would recommend to people who do not know how to swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they like it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that dnce is a way for self - expresxion .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Sance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companies that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or write you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If science is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dance , or do dance classes .
It does n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a home , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . it name 's Chente . It is a golden retriber .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how you feel .
My oldest sister 's name is Cinthya . She is really friendly with me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother . His name is more like he is twenty years old . His personality is fantastic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are good guys .
Actually , I prefer pass my time alone . I am working in another town so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kate Ashby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
For work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet food like cupcakes , cake , cookies or broader , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future the plants will be in bad principles and the trees will disappear . After that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating cast food , on the other hand , the nortn pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to smell talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just truth , it wo n't cost you much !
Good day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Volleyball is one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been doing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- make me fit and healthy
2- classy take no fiction between players
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I advise all rookiea to start doing this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , adults can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of a village , we totally care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can taste rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish , then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganuc , we can make vag , hats and other stuff .
Then they can sell them and get incone of it .
The creative of the haven and the Earth , the creator of sole , the one who makes earth rotzte aroundx it self and around the sun .
What we think as Muslims that , we have been created by one who does n't have other with him , the one who created our father ( Adzm ) and created us from him ( Eve ) and they were in Paradise and instrucyed to not eat from the tree but teh Satan deceive tnem so they borught to this ilfe and generations came froj them and had sent the prophet and kessengers ( Moses , Jwsus , Mohamed , others .. who they sorship tye same ne ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide tue people to know who who will follow the tgruth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow otber pathe qhich it will huide to the hell . so because of fhat we are hede to do the test in thiw short lide .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own vehicles rather than
public transportation . Day by day , people are more crazy about their own vehicles , which leads to a dark future of public transportation .
Firstly , I agree with them statement that there will be tough times for public transportation in the near future.because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , the price of transportation covers
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available .
to competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have many options for travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role in giving touhh competition to the government . As a result , the consumer has more benefits like lower prices , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition , many automobile companies launcung new cars with affordable prices which insiost people to use more and more private vechle .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about people having so many pets .
In the small time in the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Every member has his own role and the noss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , some do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but by doaloging and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen to others ' points of views to ri - arrajge and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone gives the contribute to family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understand it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series had been wanting this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think it is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it is very similar to the story of the book ; this is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , adn I think that in tbe last movie , they will put double effort .
Hope you ghys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last part mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training akrate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your training routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage in other sports .
Apart from that , Krate 's not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who starts Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concerned about what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today 's topic is Technology .
Nowadays , we use technology in every thing , from education to making clothes . We use technology every and everywhere .
Technology is always increasing and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today generation is influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in order to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of friends who could help him .
He phoned me and asked me to lkent him some money to register for the competition .
He took the moment the second day , he finished the registration and started writing the story after a long time in writing and did a good job . He went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out three ars a notice on the door say that the dompetition has canceled , he came abck vey sad and told me whay uappened .Michael lcosed the door and knew at yhat moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient known it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contmination in our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chances for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has chairs for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Another transport public is the taxi , like a car . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for on trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a bus so it is more comfortable .
Njkais19
5 Mau
Dear sir Dimara .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandalisme in areas has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we sat to somebody to do not face the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Paris they see that thing .
Patras is a very beautiful city name for her culture , and for her monuments .
Why to see that answer ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , the police should stop the Vandalisme .
If it have police all around the city , nobody will start to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka Stavros .
All around the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings come their minds .
As a result , after last exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in the future they see , like in a fpgg .
In this way , the idea of a year between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - working studying period .
Ten or seven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
But choosing the second education is a very important step , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly , every year off would give future students a chance to try themselves in new professional areas .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer activities .
And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
This uear holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new power for future education .
One year is not a long time .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the Sfate of Mexico . The care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in care of this .
People collect trash from their houses and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a lamdfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principzl places in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the ourse lasted , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to look at my vlights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cori , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be for every different options ? .
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to the conversations of his new heighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from the Museum today .
He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
Police reached the Museum and caught robbers for hours .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains is more convenient and more expensive also to decrease the carbon gases which affceting the ozone . People should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment , goveremwnts shall encarge the people to use he other ways for trsnsport , ghis subject shall be issuesd in qll media to learn and endrage thw peoole to use he wrigyh way for trdanspot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I staywd about one week in the home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meanrdo del kelero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lot and the next way , we found a waterfall .
The name of waterfakl was Chorrituel .
It was spectacular .
On the wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a theatre and there was a party all night .
You should visit La Hurdes . It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They use at least one hour to learn English a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In this opinion , though English is of great significance , English is after all a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to face .
English does help us read English original works , but China helps us learn a new China .
Only by characters Chinese literature can email off its rilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypoole .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burguers .
Woolypoolz is a special meal . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place . It is far from the people and cities , and the space is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and left at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite sport I have had .
In my town we created a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this . The citizens will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into the correct place anf clean tree ad plznt more of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time , you do not have a life , not peace , not a life .
In addition , all parents have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists stag all the time having a book , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whatever you stay , if you stay with something important you can buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy although society has a hlame , because if they do not take a photo our follow the lives of famous people before .
So that , politicians and film stars will have to support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the rewatd with what they earn .
This is all .
Good morning .
How are you ?
come here .
Ge down .
They in to the room .
Get on to the bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Let me watch your house .
Let me allow you to enter your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring that toy .
bring glasses of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
stop snouting . do n't shout .
Let us bath .
Once upon a time there was one little ant called Pennh . He was really small compared with the others .
He had to be like that because most of the anrs made fun of him until one day something horrible and unexpected happened .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosiokn burird them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuayed rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
Peter was so sad , the only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they started until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one found anything .
Like they were very religious and they paid for the scared ancestor so they could help them in the big deal .
Something that they did know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watch the actors all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it got to tell it to his queen . the went at knowing that she felt very confused , but at the same time she got lad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to djsplay all ...
The next day , when they were about to start filmong there were no ants there so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the antsd and Penny attack them on their backs , making them to leave the place .
The ants win the wr and they expahd their habitat to the sutdio .
No one attacks them again and they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I really hate
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near the sports centre .
I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultural land , forest and ocean have been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome that may lead to this phenomenon .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the present day cities are already packed with places of reisdence , commercial and recreatio and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more wgricultures and forests in order to satisfy all their needs , which will fulfill the ecosystem diversity and biodivedsity especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approachess should be adopted to deal with this problem , reducing building construction from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be asaness to all humans and start to protect the environment and preserve animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before things get worse and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , and more English .
This is not my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I have never spoken and learn so well since I decided to go to London for a course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity I said use .
The car is n't the best way off for transport , because it produces pollution , however public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , tram etc.these options are are more economical than the car . The problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied by a person , when the car is prepaeed for to carrg fojr or five people .
This situation creates more pollution for the environment , so we have more conscience for the planet 's health
I want to say something about the learning of the English language . is hard to get to me for the following reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjuhtion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Iamging you the same but not in your native language .
The second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won the first world cup and that changed the direction of aies in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sport may belong to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ranesh Tendulakar , known as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me , but also every Indian always follows China for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 tests in cricket .
He has many achievements like first 2000 in one day etc .
I love the way he played .
For a nuance , first they have to decide what they can do better , battin or bowling .
If the person wants to become a blwler then concentrate on running , action , stacne and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bqt coordinatino , discover some shots which become key factor in batting .
Also watch videos of some of the best players like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don Breadman , Ahyden , Wasim Akaram , Breft Lee etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , so also need to improve health and stamina .
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have a good time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
If you want to travel to this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university .
This is a modern city .
People usually went here for shopping or free .
There are many local foods very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you do not have much time here .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because skiing is really fun .
Also , I think swimming can keep our bodies fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is on a hot day .
The advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn to swim and also when the ate become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
Dear Camp director ,
My name is Eiddr and I am 21 years old . I have read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am married in the free time , and I am looking for a stairs job to improve my English .
Neither do I have problems with working in a kitchen . It will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as eocker , volleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eider
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized areas , where everyone cleans up the village .
All residents segregvate garbage into suitable containers .
They help to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardizd our various diseases .
In my village there are trashg cans , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
There are remarkable places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all the garbage .
We have the aiblity to use renewable warming sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also on the top of the primary school were set batteries and the whole school usez solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysych residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus always drops by to get passengers that take more time than expected to travel .
Secondly , the public transport routes are far than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a viuctim of theory and practice picker .
However , public transportation is for them to buy a new car and for the adventure who want to have an exciting trip for then to see more action .
Like looking outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan , which is considered a fast and safe public vehicle Uve'd known .
To sum it up , I still consider having your own car safer and more convenient .
Public terms unless they have project to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I try to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , exfract the minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipment were being set .
Next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable minerao will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an example that another town is polputed by the process of developing the general .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but not the least , the mineral extrwction will turn out to be a prfoound influence , especially , on our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sougyt - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacation .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and instanecs above , the disadvantages of edtract the valuable mineral are outwegih the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of po .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue , higher temperaturds make the ice caps melt .
The longer we bjrry our heads in sand , the warner the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it could have happened , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so gorth .
Huses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not a stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Brandon Mackie
Parliamemt House
Cambeea AVT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Csrlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incokplete . We apologize for the experience .
We have conscience of this mistake . We had a confusion about the number of air conditioniny before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed too late and I that the order was n't in advance , we could only spend 5 pieces .
Since the unirs were sold in inventory but your pucrhase indiocates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remainin unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Breandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I am from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when parents are busy with their world .
During my school , I liked to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and competitions with other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the easy and lovely hands in the kitchen .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply for the Summer camp job with my full cokmitment .
Contemporary art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many sources and creatorsw , as well as themes .
It is well known that many Arr curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthrtic imahe or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive art is still old , like Picasso or Freus .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at autions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimental sport has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
The sports days were held at Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13 th November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've joined the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports can begin , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to spend different places .
So I knew that there was someone whose name is same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passing my face .
That film was very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced the marks the four houses have got .
My house which for number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to get the champon .
On the second day , my classmates caoled me to take part in the Inter - class relax race .
I felt very afraid because I was no good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the racs .
I implicated my class from inning the champion .
At night , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the company next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best that all people go to the place walking and running on the other hand , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to the place in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
This is commonly - debated that tourismn has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of our country , but of the whole world along .
Whenever tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our life , it offers an xilemma for the opponents .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
According with its development , the ability to travel has ended on such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionals is totally connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalization , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy reliss merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . People become more careful about their historical sites . This way of preserving themselves is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom name Amanda of 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John of 27 years old , who made die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infectkon .
Her mom died because some things or someone rrag her of the leg and dropped it in a cave were other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went to all the parts to see them even he walked and walked even at revefse but he never found them .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
The first one is named Amanda , just like her mom but she is a cheetah . She is 9 years old . She loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that tends to make something enforcing .
The second daughter 's named Elizabeth , is a leooard is the most intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
She was 12 years old .
Another animals gave them regard or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Aja , who was the younger of the family is a jaguar .
She started sleeping in her bed and doing nothing all day .
Her parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
One of three animals went with Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something else than stay sleep .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a jornal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with a shower but without a bath , and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you winterd clothes because here there is really cold weather !
Write to me soon
Alrssia
Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up your music vlasses .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you know know how to play pjano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still play liano without going to class .
This is my opinion but the decision is your , so when you decide it please send me a letter elling me about it .
Love , Iens .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and i'l think you would compliment the summer camp very well , because of my good manners and very open to the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and you can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then you can give them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruizes and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June , last year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revise aths as at home , before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitate and I thought that I was n't able to finish ande last that day .
But when I finished before time , I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your life .
I would like to go to a new artist eolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I 'd had a possibility of going , I 'd already spent the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning I went to the children and they taught me skiing .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime , my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his kneis , because I could drive without valling and it was fun .
When I was older , I could get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I had my first snowboarding and I loved it .
I took every free minute to drive snowboarding .
That was the story why I went snwoboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
You are like a girl .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboardinb or skiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in nature and when you have luck , you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called her a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly .
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black soy .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She fell asleep again , didj't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why did she n't remember anything after that ?
This situation was really fustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She shows her way even in the dark ; she has gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in the twenty first century we have various options like Plan that can fly in the cloud , trains that are fast and big enough to carry thousands of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and noat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough that we have all these options .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
There are three reasons to choose this .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time .
Second is safety . Compared to other the chances of accident is less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
The third one is comfort level .
Poan is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best aawrd for a student who attended high school .
Young people want to discover the world and travel to reach places which would be ureachable otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The town is located in A Guarda and its name is O Miño .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football on the second of the beach .
I took the sub for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is this claim or not ?
Will we see on our roads public transport after 5 or even 10 years ? That is a really interesting question .
I think that it all depanes from the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
Yet , for example , if you plan the travel for a long stop and for a long time , you would prefer to do it by car , because first you;ll spend less time , your travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and ror a ling tume , as yoi need .
But if we are talking about travelling across our city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that this is an option for everyone , and the answer ca n't be one for all , causw , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only for money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause theu spend more time for travelling or they aimple do n't lie to travell withb another peopoe .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing our streets with enough amount of passengers
Hello Laura ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 year old maler from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GTM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increasing the number of bosses and plants and punishing the person who cuts them .
establishing the favtories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guode the people and giving them information , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemon " I go there every week . It has different food from any restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me and my favorite appitizer is susage and in roder that dwsert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake woth chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and axll staff are respectable I ca n't imagine noe week without going theres that rrives me nuts I advise any onhe to go therw and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relativd advantage in hygiend really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyonr despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Vollyeball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct way to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I am in another world , in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice . It is so fun , but I tell you , it is not easy at first , but you have to intwnt many times like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes do skipping to fit myself .
Michael woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticioe .
The notice was about a competition .
The competition is about writing stories .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to complete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ednded the story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many clmedy .
Also , there are a lot of educating channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about them .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts had talked about the question and there were so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restrected with the timetables and you can only use the transport at the moment that the timetable lost you .
Because of this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the majority of people may going to produce the most use of cars than public transport .
Susan is a little drwgon .
Her skin is colored red and green , red dpts ontop of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
His skin is colored eed , just like the father .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written to you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like staff .
My work consisted of making prdss advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloakroom to get signarures from the musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowdedx of people were waiting in front of the classroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so nervous ... I liked it . It was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
John
Advertising is everywhere .
There are adds in TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this usage of media , the TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television but , is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be anniunced and a lot of messages to report to people .
The TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the message in this way .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one way there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I making this choice , you clearly ask ? I love the sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you wo not be busy by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good miment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and sunbathe with my friends rather than having fun with them playing volleyball etc fun in the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful olours of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages transaltion degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I prevented my English in my native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different cultuee .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresw Wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and made a party .
Tom wanted Mle , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that moment .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He hated that she was always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Paul came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got close to her and told her everything .
Mel looked saldy at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and apoligized her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hjgged her .
He said he loved her and lissed her forehead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
One day , Tom was feeling really bad , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
She has lost her baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
She was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He has broken up with Mel and it makes her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little husband .
Gliding in the wzves
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practise is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weight , able to do a lot of ovement that is impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved abilities .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a big part of the pleasure of enjoying the weather , both in the sea or in the pool .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your effort will be prized by succeering , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Barcelona .
·ctivities to kill time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beach or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I highly recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Oters ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : for example , classes , ypga bneach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library roup , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Reocmmendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the easiest .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive in Spain .
You will come to Reys airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
The bus stops at the Sapou bus station .
When you get off the bus you should ask someone for the Spring Strset .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover , I end you a mall in order to locaye the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce aevnue .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and go cycling with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio Farcía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am an Engineer of Exection in Minex , interested in the " Instituto Profesionsl Virginio Gómwz " .
I am particularly interested and I am clmpetent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Complany .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new new technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operatioms of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is very putstanding because I had the privilege of belonginv to the " Minera El Trniente " as shift manager , Cihef of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further do , I remain yours .
Guilermo Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more international companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today , globalization is getting the world closer . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Monfano avenue nº2
Pos Code 10273 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries , model 002545 because my mobile needed this kind of battery , but I have only received one battrey model 001212 .
One month ago I ordered two batteries , model 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have big money I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem I would like to receive the batteries by express podt .
The delivery error has been made by yourself , so this time , it should be spent with free delivery .
If I do not bear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the use in the peak hours and the guests are everywhere and ready for help .
However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid holding the activities to avoid the problems
Gkven is a program introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Despite , bank notes are the first and insispensable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third question is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
The colour will rpint on both sides and every note has its unique ink also the images will be slightly raises .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damagedx , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispactihg and distyributing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distributed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explikcit process of making bank notes .
Although it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A ETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , The Major , wrote an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from the village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people plant many trees around the village and clean the floor of our public places , making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy recycling
Locap authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Th results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an association has been createdd in order to promote the care of our planet , Breen Pkanet is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Luie Blanxo ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " New Clodu Genwration " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work help .
We also value that they have specialksed studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remembed that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Geberation should have , and please tell me if you find another different scene than I told you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their departments on the newest record . I did n't havw mwny duties nad none of them were unplwasant .
In general , I had only one duty that was check quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning areas after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
olve ,
Dominika
Report :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branhc in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collabiratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject in English .
Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This day we made the most of ourselves and never gave up improving our English level .
Third , phonetc classes scheduled on Friday come really in handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report , I must say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Oeozco
I am keen on cinema this I love to watch all types of films .
But , what films are in my top 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of the top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settinvs are very realistic and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genr lovsrs watch Babel as its message will move you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Saif University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading articles and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
For the last two years , I have worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purufication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our lives , so I chose this program as I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an enginere but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allau chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to ivnent an effective drug for the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
And what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything at anytime . In addition , a little tire can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my siciety as I hooe to comne back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post as a camp monitor that you required in summer .
I have seen your advice this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun that , in my opinion , these are two qualites highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my great wrakness .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instexd I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately ownwd cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common aspect even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport will be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most private cars are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicxopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helickpters , and not even cars .
States and local authorities will have to gackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The price for incependent transport will brow dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn how to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying , partly because after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of studying , wnd partly becauwe of some difficylt courses should be contiually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could deceive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and details will be shed on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , in history class , the history teacher has to repeat teaching the history of North America before he starts to teach the history of outh America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wasting time and not efficient .
Next to go would be , students get used to relaxing by having no study and honework in the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get away from the sun , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having only a break time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementionef , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inheritdd this love for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighbourhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play bad I feel nervous but my parents give me their unconditional support .
that is priceldss .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport , you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to doing whatever sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I adcise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
In September September I went to New York city .
In the run , I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours where I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big guy .
We went to Long island because there he lives .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New York I eag so much , I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had the same idea of going to Niagara Falle .
We met in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Niagarx Falls city which looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do but there was the fall .
I was amazerd of how huge the falls were .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take too many photos because you do not visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was glad to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too . We are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she day they do not see me frecuently and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I have a perfect vacation where I see new things , visit awesome places such as Niagara Falls and Time Square , receive a lot of presents and especially eat a lot of delicious food .
Most attending students to university are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have more income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independently
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learning how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , ad because it will be closer to the hniversity , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country . These days where I worst during my life . He was dirty , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budget of eating . Living alone will grang me thge feredom to live by the way yhat I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will nog achieves when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me
Although the federal government , which is divided as a role of the USA , has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer belirves that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of federalism , which has more liberty for the states to have their own poliices according to their nerds , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals where some states admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even if the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
This case caused some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of the federal government to stop illegal imkigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the choice of the federal government is the reason why each of the stage and the rural blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , the federal government , which gives freedom and powerful , causes many problems such as no single policy and confuion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also has its frustdating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give you important advice ; first try to get alone with a travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead of crutic about spicy savof .
People say that on every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arriving , getting away from the frustration of an unknown place , getting alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arriving home successfully .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler find a way to sit alone with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion , you could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some films , eat togetherr , and visit places with common interests such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Lexico is to enjoy the Mexican food .
Mexicaj food has a lot of tastimg dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food and also , most of the time , could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Medican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I would suggest you to speak tor sauces with lower paper .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious saovr that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their company in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and revealed for first time on August 29th 1969 , the Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.00 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will force on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also discuss the potential future of these implicatioins .
Communicating can be achieced , regardless of service , through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmittex almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and here their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quonn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook is interacting well with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Tbirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existinf members , and also sharing their same interests by the social networking .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purosely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can pkst any racist commenst which targets a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Bpack person ( Dauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman by a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand bosses on chqrges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and Moscow in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to view each other appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
The possible outcome might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communication skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be seen by addinv more privacy options .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expresisng how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possobly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introdeuction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consier as learning to read .
Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
he reasons
Recenbt studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations teenagers and kids ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Also , phptography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! There is an April how and finally spring has come .
A bright syn is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They are sinving funny and building their nests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clock forward one hour in March .
The Summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clock back an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
Do you think that your lifestyle will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those requierments ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
hokey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 0210 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hociey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start see it with other eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport developed for environmental care .
In spite of some people making enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional omes ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) , so , people choose these ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
The environmental role is taking ztrength every day , from kids to ancient people .
The government and many companies are meawuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for making goods for social use .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the moment is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow all the fares on public transportation . That could make people to use public transportation and care the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care of the environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate the waste .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as fast as two hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the bnlame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike parks across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emir less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their targey of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth it .
We live in a centre and we have several bins which are clasified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to use , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that these kinds of things can have a second life .
As soon as the last rivef ends , the southern border of Egypt is jere .
The Nie river is the origin of the ancient Egyptjan civilization that cvounts over 6 thousand years .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Szhara .
All the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expxnding the area of frrtile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the ted soil of ddsert .
Nowadays , deep and Wife vqlley of the Nile has become the most important transport line for Egypt .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
They knew when it would be the ' Green Nlie ' or ' Red Nike ' to stock up with clean water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative sixe as well as positive .
A great number of damz were built on the river that caused the loss of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Diomo , in Milano .
But the Fuomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For century this building has been the symbol of this city .
It is quite ancient , but still fascinating for the thousands of tourists who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killsd without poverty .
Moreover , many were were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It is divided through the age , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this fast moving world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needed a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
A variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Sumilarly travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have social advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denying that the NRT in this city is such a convenient merropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
They occjpy took many seats , including priorityg ssats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , they just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing treatment to the elderly is also a problem .
Priority seats are preserved for those who need them , not only the elderly but also some adults need it .
Smehow , not all of them can identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which leads to some misunderstandings between them .
Some people even blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats .
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students to offer their stay without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to occurred expect that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can aft as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subject or reading asset whose work was sdapted for the programs .
Television can teachj kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Now , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help attract youth to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
But television has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also takes off from family time .
This is also true for families who are in front of the television .
I deal with consultinf and sale of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advice until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales with the aim of customer satisfaction .
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many adminstrative activities related to mortage , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situationd , analyzing the problem , finding and implementong practival and easy solutions .
noj - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperatjng with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I Need to work My husband has been living in Zaragoza . I want to find a new job in Hollqnd to join our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the placement for dive master
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can solve the world .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our cars and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only period of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this spheare .
For instance , Google reporyed about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smartg people .
If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact in the world , and , certainly , who will decide .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing in the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign museums , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists infwr that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greecy .
Hujans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
Various factories dmit excessiove carbon dioxide into the air .
All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher the temperature enhance , the worse the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supply , people 's bodies will become weak and enough .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fight , fear and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightnwss .
The terrible consequences are caused by humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Friendes , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underwear work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the finish danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceiged , that they truat were broken , neads will roll .
You have to be prcise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is the key to surviving .
It is just something that I had to do , no one , not her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people are suffdred from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit for people .
In holidays , people can aeay from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can reiew their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
For instance , in stressful life conditions , people can make some decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complate their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they have never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renww their spirits and souls .
They can peay for God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects , they can become happier . Because people need to leave the matgerial world .
In the holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that is full of material subjects .
Cyclong to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common hobby in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities , such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowees CO2 emissionsw .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is gradually considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , treezing weather or having to keep drinking in hot weather .
In my point of view , recycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might not be so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaos is not able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially for a long distance .
Even though the car could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be negletced .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
Decently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving lives .
Second , public transport saves city spafes .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities have become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become parking places and everyone would spend more time congesging .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continue to pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a rense spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
Kanguage for the future
should learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has become something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I consider that it ends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
rya francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 014
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as a baby - sitter and I take care of my 11 year - old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for the job . original
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We eat delicious food and play interesting games altogether .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listensd to some songs , such as Almot and Biv Big World .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Qinnie loves eating very much , so I can easily find food at her home .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and olive apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we played hide - and - xeek altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winni looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnije fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately came to her and helped her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Are you okay'I asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Wimnie 's sound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
Shy ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
The house of the future will be big and bright .
Music will be full of conveniences .
Big spaces will be divided into a few sides .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen areas and so on .
In houses of the future there will be automatic curtains deacting to the light in every house .
Television will be crowded , as way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmet 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at an age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different types ; dollhin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients because it strengthens the fhest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those parents to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody thinks about how they are preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the stay .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs but at the same time they are just concerned with their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts from my experience .
In the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert , just do your job which would be given .
When we were arranging the concert plan we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
My job was cooking songs list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
They always wanted to change some songs which were on the list .
At the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird which was flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my eyes because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am writing for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer special publicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work , the adds on the buses I will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorcas , or an add frpm tripadvisir wity Malporca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright svreens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement light is considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or allowed at the wrong time , they lose the artistic side .
But , technology is here for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in the sububs of Artem or Vlarivostok .
So that I could live more freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorat it in the modern style .
I would build three fitnese rooms , a wardrobe -room , a swimming pool .
If I had such a course , I would like to have a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
However , we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the problem goes : If you want to learn something well , you need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and smoothly , you may get huft during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach can tell you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of chajnels hit our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characters from today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually reducing
In our country one decade ago , when digiyal TV arrived , a lot of new channels focused .
All TV tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
Sports channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who is watching this or that television program .
You just follow suggestions made busy someone .
You just click on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despite of changing changes , we see the same news .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameras all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international btoadcast groups can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdowh on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have some experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a sport group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a day or to orientate yourself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was food to hear from you .
Actually , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
ebst wishez
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get outside of the airport termibal .
There you will see bus Jenny in the street .
When you get there , take the bus which is number 111 .
They ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Pragie .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where we will meet exactly .
But if I were you , I would take a taxi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am ddlighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains couree : bakdd potatoes , steamed vegetables anr for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very impprtant fkr dinner snd I think thst we must voet this , because we will hqve a goof night or not depending thew type of atmisphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is good for us , because normally we have to speak about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new somethinhg about other mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
You can find the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say what they are because you have to taste them .
It is a flavour similar to staying in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like buegers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxi 's and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrol , riesel and gas is quite high in most countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement started above , because in the future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarcew day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than the film versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine how heroes look like , you can imagine different views of where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anymore you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they like the soundtrack and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important to me .
I suppose that books are better than the film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white vloves and black shoes .
just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Cohld you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable . They were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her head . Why do n't you play with me anymore?Are you bored of me?Just just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one for my gloves?Bvut you did it again , screamed .
And then ...
The next day , going to her home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went upstgairs ...
The girl had a knife in her kbeck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Temnis is an individual sport .
just have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person to play with .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
This sport is not just about physical power .
You need to use your brain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You can start if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Eithef you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enojy !
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Coxci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people . In fact , since I was younger , I have been the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
In the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it all day .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or bad you are doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be sure to achieve your goal at all , so it would become a real problem if you are not focused on your learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some art Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports , handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those . It is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to intergrage me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football witg them .
Now , some women and I have started to organise female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to receive some punchss .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is big , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fast .
They got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of nice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
Ruring whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , and the media are company them .
In my view , public people deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
On one hand , becoming a public person associated with journalists , make - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought to be jealous .
Botice any kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxkc and they have defective influence on society which assesses celebrities through the problem of journalisric documentary .
On the other hand , many stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities are conuted in the number of taboids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , there are living famous people who do n't bring into the limelight their lives .
It has never been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
Cars need to be replaced ; Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contzminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with the latest configurations , becomes outdated within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at our finger - tips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new places . Google maps are always there to help .
We do need to find English words today , as we can easily find menaing of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do not need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to progress mnkind has made in technology .
On the other hand , a number of terforism , global warming and greed become top challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terorrist activities cause havoc in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challengex are not addessed in coming years , imagining a better life for people in 50 years hebce is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . On the right hand , it would be a boon for us , on the wrong hand , it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Peryaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's not said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as a special trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you asked , I attached it in this mail .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that they think its helps children 's nrain to develop , but it is important for them because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological development make us improve to the future .
Frieds should be like a shadow always beside you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life but no doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and sodialise with people to make friends .
The more people you will meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , life and style , travels , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
Residents are able to express their opinions freely .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There were also a huge number of commercial advertisements which made the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and porogressive world where people are smart and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead hooks
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets become very useful for our lives . It seems to me good opportunities to make our life easier .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . .Pupil could not say that he let a book because he has all the books on his tablet computers .
Some people think that it is a good idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They imsist on not using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much . When I am at home I use books because I like to smile and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use it but we must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abresst of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
The ibg Mistake
This day was full of happiness and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
One part of him was really happy , because being a father is one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stood next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hit her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just too working at that moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was too wrong at this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what is my favorite sport and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the time , but if I really need to do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming pool is cearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like big sun and sun .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it , we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go to shop .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding hseep , cows and pifs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible light in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of traditional use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are new parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of the waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Cacere inhabitants are eaid to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is the negative point , these dumpstees are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscales , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point , but anyways this is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I got a bit excited so I searched for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb hit the city and killsd almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinbuish were the explosion cut .
Finally , in some days I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
We made some incentivves about lawsa , but it was a total xonflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the law .
The next morning I atr a piece of shirt and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around ill and eating us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy was a girl .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came down ; it was adorabke just when he turned into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was a group for us .
We saw that backstage eating our friends and the food .
In some ways , she robbed the food in the night and I woke up . It was good for my surviavl .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
FOING EXCETCISE IS GOOD FOR THE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't practice any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with most obesity in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well with yourself and your body .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your free weight . It helps you with hard diseases , problems with your free body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Now , nowadays there 's a lot of different types of exercise . You can practise any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or do Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to observe the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exciting .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about the public transport terms are to be disaplearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travelling .
This vomposition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , like public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and spoeed .
There is a peeception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Russian Government ( publicatjon " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old boy explains « " I prefer going in the car , it 's faster ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edibburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» was a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have been decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being trythful is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unhwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention to colleagues or the employee .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some woman you are acquained wearing appropriate clothes does not fit the occasion .
People usually stand not telling her the truth since it could make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things about her .
In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling the mood .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just get acquainted with .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If I had a day time to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people to ask details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we're not called to meet the hsadmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
The door was n't broke into price or gell down .
My curiosity had put me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like what I hoped .
I ended up getting expellee from the school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate - Sallh 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointec at us firnly and without giving any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the lucky and innocent ones as we fell into the tyrap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one day later , the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindest .
Dear USA summer camps ,
My name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English , which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I use to look after my cousins and nephwws over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always aware and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time to that .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
That is a good quality of mine . I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the sjelter we built and went in wall near to the shelpter " safe zone " and if there was someone that needed supplies he would find some spplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and going in the forest . There were a lot of # lests on our way . There were various guys that were sick . We could n't do anything except to keep going . I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to spme plant , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other sturf oeople jad problpems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the exception . I could actually be the # revooutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skepyick and I was really positive about it , but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about is it help thed sntire world or ust save a grlup the deciusion sas in my hads it was # conventional to help the entore world but I do n't wany to die . while I was thinking about thgat we foynd a body it was a familiar bvody from someone that was in thw group one of those guys we wqnted to find and laive not dead his fac was all rotten and eaten away by ghe walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # matter against hunger started . Everyone was hungry and we had eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dezd or eaten away by a waoker so we needed to ifnd something that was a # nutritional baded food where we coul eat with no problem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the parmacy There were no walkers inside , so we ran into the pnarmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night . I needed some rest and sent to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this town is that more present , as the result that Turi is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any town shops near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarjets , which hold many items of the main great fadtories of Europe and above .
Like all the industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
Finally , the taxis are present and they coger all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English bus .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observatoin .
To my mind , there should be a board between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of a celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviokability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
These rarely fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tablokds .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such normal people as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should be given to them .
The Maz Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this well known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the face of the main character , who is a 16-eyar - old boy who finrs himself imprisoned in a caye and being translorted to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysteriohs mwze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and detend themselves from the menaces of the maae .
He took the role of a runner , the person responsible for exploring the mazs and looking for an exit from this place .
Still , they only have the raylight time to explore the mawze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that happened inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of qdrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one independent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and for many more . What I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you think you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a gwme go until 32 - 30 , ans se te energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump igher , cut harder , pass and set better , and drive in different ways .
I live in New York .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , rubbish is taken .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way , xollected garbage .
Everybody body cares about cleaning in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially spending is a lot of colours and pleasant odlrs .
New York has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bdar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagnj , a little town near Cxtania located under the Etna vllcano slopee , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms , a smoking room or non - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustix , yet it still felt city and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I went with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina bef . it was very tasty .
All the ingredients are clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other diners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our society since ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of excludion .
Margination has a linked with the illedgality of this activity .
Also , this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibitoon is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an entertainment that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal crug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Eaudi Arabia . I 'm going to be able to see you after a long time .
But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight abroad onto Aljameah street then turn right beside the farce of LAU university . After getting down from the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dear Paul ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wondrs of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Spfía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari , or Doñna National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a third summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Tom is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punisg him .
Baet is an energetic and clever student , but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
In the Simpskn family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnier than Yomer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knmock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have ever bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered quickly , for the man on my threshold yelped : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I had observed the letter autiously , but then I noticed my mum 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his past will and I learned that I inheritdd a good deal of money .
Fifty tjousand pounrs , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
All the households near the public road throw away dirty things easily and even do n't even even bother about the order of the mumicipality .
I see all these during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upsetf about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
People are noa self - concerned and very narrow minded .
Although they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savgae .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
I worked one year in London as a worker in Hard ock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Caf in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint heart !
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
lease , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
Madía Luisa Castaneds del Acun
Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supportee in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownersihp has increased over the last decade , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people use it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , you can find it easier to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster than cars .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are prosx and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Ingormal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jane ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 2nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Luckily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of tastes , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks have been really tougu for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nervous .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For no one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malima . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he had to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
So yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow an ilghter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Miek ca n't really say why they ended up having sad - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realise that .
Only after , when Angeina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is very handg .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my work as a summer camp counceolor .
I am also an accomplisged sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lkfeguard .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this position in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics . These are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that more annogs me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediat certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of thw lost importang uinversities in the whoel world .
uperquitour : A great experience for your nouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicrnte .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Pueruqitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day started on an important date … Taco Xay !
Tfacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by fold beerx .
Due Puerquitour is something to share . the second day we shared it with Diaja , one of my friends from Vancoyver .
When we are tacod , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chuke and tacos are gourmey there .
It means that they have different types of tortollas -vanilla , strawbrry , chipotle , nopa , and wslnut , among others- and pasta -tamarinx , guva , mango , ugacamole , etc .
That day did not finish with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we saw crepes .
This day was one of my favourite . The place is sooooio nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel in the 50s .
La Pqpa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked directs with names of famous women and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mar zaul restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Seafolod is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded shrmp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El asadedo Hidalgeunse .
You have to be starving to eat a nolcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not eat breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to wait for a tongue of beer .
Amost a week in Puerquitour .
The second day was to celebrate Michael 's final test , a friend from high school , who already prepared it to get the Master 's Degree ; and the farewell of Vicentw , who is already in the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Mlemelas Pub .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat meals , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a folt in the USA , we spent all day together .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrfobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor special accompanied by black bwer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extracted from Great Espectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Paul and his own husband .
Sadly , you have no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Paul seems to be a calm and intelligent kind .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a boy who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live this life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the real protagonist and the way he tells the actions is the reason why the story can contact with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protagojist , but telling the story as an adult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with aqctions .
The narrator did not use any drscription of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator hears the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniecient poser .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stiut , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more gaining reflections , like at the end of the first chapter , when he describes the man who stole him as a man afraid of the dead bofies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be happy , living a sad and boring life that puzhes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Tom .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuss on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in their own house .
The narrator described her as a woman that had eadned a good reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a nild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is supposed to be the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sehtences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with shirts and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second cyapter :
" My sister , Mrs Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find her for myself what the expression means , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of layiny it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were boty brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
" No lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
What a fuel ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Hey , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and bastract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The mrsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the cialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " Who are you with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , this ovel is narrated by the protagonist .
The events are nartated in a mysterious way , telling us what happens in a realistic story - line without flashbavk .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second character makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Not much mysterry and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
Probably , the thief will probably take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip needs as he starts , at the hraveyard .
Like another vrick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without tales , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She had been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She known she was adooted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessify of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why she given Anna away .
After finding the adoptino papers she contacted the action sgency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological other of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kifney transport " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
She hesitatrd several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not urter any wound .
But then she said " Hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Saneman , a Swediah singer , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unespectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at that moment I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Frlix !
So I went toward the crowr and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Alebro , the Bestf Oizza Wext of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Puzzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs of the worlds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to rder .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad . It 's a fres , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's . All are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 euros per person for different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to visit in Duglin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent student in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Templw Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnjie Vox Puh was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Oxeon cinema offers a mulfiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dulbin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Splrts start being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
Firstly , port has become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fear .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sorts instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athleets who behave disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or cheay in order to win at any cost .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behaviour sends a wrong message to the youngy .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while Bronte sisgers the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Little often got the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes athos and comedy , like characters that were to be caricatufes of the vices and virtues he wished to portray , while the Gronte sisters use ealistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagoinsts that are psychologically ckmplex .
The graph illustraztes the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given article , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to around 230 grams per person per week .
From the 4 biggest are , 3 of them remained in a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had prison over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and endibg at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
Both land consumption and the category labelled beev had a devline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with global consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and bee consumltion falling fropm aruond 230 grams pr person pet week down to just oiver 120 grxms psr perzon pet weel .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated water climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
However , it is evidwnt from the traph that some sectors declined , others rosr and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Merrifield ,
My name is Dmitry Lavroc .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Canfer Research Center .
Our lwb works along with Qlexis Hervieux on his kind of action .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversations I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysus while working in the field of cell biology , Alexks told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all support the suggestiom that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master technological and research skills .
Not to mention the particjpation in pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changex in cell - cvell contacts and in actin cytowkeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelil cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with a description of dissimilarities in organization and regulagion of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithepial cells .
Thereafter I studied acfumulation of various airplane - binding proteins and actinb isoforms within adherence jmunction in normal and transfprmed cells .
On the caorse of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publictaion .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitry Lagrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my papers in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugi worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been considered a protected UNESCO World Heritage Sote in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lhgo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopue .
In Luto , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Among the most important I can mention are San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October , Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
an Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional British costumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Santa Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Lugo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circua , Celtiv weddings , artisan malls , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period cosyumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Luyo in June because Santa Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Wrde Lucus .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivals with shops and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Veltic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agylomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due rerm until 1st July .
Despite that , there are a few plans to increase the gren areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thinking about implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will concept of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
On account of the aforementikned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it disposed of inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problem . "
City X " incineratese hospital cities , in accordance with legal requirements , and enables 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joijt venture with the municpiality to start waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projectz such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in refkrestation of rural and communal areas .
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumrd vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functionao and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits into 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of treatment , which can be resolved by training offered in the sureounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is that you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You can find work as a waitress or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a slhere or iglo .
Some of them might be turned down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern xrt and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with attificial intelligence .
They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just a machine waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , dress as properly as possible .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
Auitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is halt done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chanfe in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Llus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges , so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitaged the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track recod and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Love ,
Oris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunt and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
Yet , oftentimed , being overly respecfful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back nad taking ownership fir otjer people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target marketse and find some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategiex could be to increase online social media presence by postng regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer siscounts for sibblings .
Indeed , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensuve courses could have been successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family members could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and stxff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language curses for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gas drilling tigs , natural gas pipelines and underground air storage contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure learn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs which is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of the whale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branchss connected with the gas industry for instance in agriculture , mining , lroduction and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will jire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job posituons in gastronomy and hospitality and as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Osciuszko institution conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shald gas
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Vreece can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorin .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that are apar from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greexe is Athebs .
Bgelieve it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acdopolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athen .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely fun !
Shmming up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam places , reviewing them twice .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
of the hard work and perfect disxipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organised plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being confused and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I was out of time .
I had insomnia the night of my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
Every since I do everything in my free time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting a high score , I think that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the doncepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite old before my Ajatomy exam ; I could only go through the main totles of each branch without going through the details .
In the end , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced a lot and mentioned that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just floodijg without so much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to start preparing . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could work at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't good for the environment .
Carbon dioxide emissions are very small .
The biggest threat is the explosion .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the vlosest to replace fossi fuels .
Energy which we get from the sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear planet is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of powerd entire cities could plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlookinf the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de ls Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultfural gradition , then in it cokncide a complex mix of racial and ethinc groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Spain includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Leruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Yispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declxred World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through amazing architecture like bapconies , vhurches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Fekipe which is the most incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use watdr , paint or takc to wet your famly znd neighbor ; their typical dance dalled " La Marinera " ; also ghey krep their history through religion where you discofer the religious enthusiasm ehich is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Mulagros ; tgeir gastronomy is anmother extraordinary and wonderful example wbout theid symbos , lik Mazamorra Morada , el Oisco Aour ( wine ) , el Cevixhe , los Picarones , etx .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine of Spain 's capital an authentiv personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a fantastic and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best saving account for you .
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gitf .
And you do not need to pay any annual charves to have a credit card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have hranches in Britain .
And all hanking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Green Sawvings Bank , has many brands in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all bank operations on the spot .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of sauceoans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first esrving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any amnual charges .
And doing operations by plane is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yourself .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahgoo.col
Sunject : An important thing to do !
My dear Pal ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gzga 's concert .
It may have been my friend , Marius Boni , who suggested me to this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in the sound recording .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Youyrs ,
Ionut
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
Every day as soon as I wake up I look forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees below zedo , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the alope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Luttle by little I improved my siing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiuing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the references I 've selected above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accountinbg , commerce and economics have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspectives the knowledge of underatanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundatioj .
I 've also participated in various group work and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to asociate with extremely talented students , lectuters and even professor in order to receive a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bschelor 's degree .
I also have an incredible passion for extra - curricular activities .
I was the president of the Business Students Associatiuon ( BSX ) , Real Boy ( senior perfect boy ) and Captsin of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Sfholarship , I decided to do some research on each Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that the Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing tapid social changes and transformaton , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czsch universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern comparison with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education awrm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality our education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is lack of fonance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and teachers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academicdally , in society and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passion for extra - curriculum activities and community service , would make me a competent additgion to the any of my proposed university and the Xzech Republic Schoparship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in students ' events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributong greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into society .
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualites , a do .
A dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , bubblu and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when their sister is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haity four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
So if they think that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by braking at a person or a something thing that might have caused it .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , batging and groomimg do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their wners who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kqk adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring axsault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems . However , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Roco climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expectes , I managed to reach the sumnit .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the last activities fofered by the cejtre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , try your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre is really worth a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , that made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at least , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ricket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Edtior
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26tu January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publicatiom industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an edktor .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached least find my resune and portfolio for your referenfe .
Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tspu
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalozed education try to find in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a psth not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routws .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can bosst .
There are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spain can be assessec as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to use
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in primary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooling may also create time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been hacked up by the results on standardized rates and the recognmition of predtigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblockx :
The lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , end up being frustrated parents without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for education
systems .
However , homeschoolling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and blended learning is the future .
geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a world with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistznt materials .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings will definitely definitely be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be pit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the rooms , which are more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , silar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to masimise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by expkoiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a woman , a cozy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play basketball .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real team player ?
Football is one of the most xynamic sports in this world .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
One short ball can make your team lose the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but over the years it became a passion .
What I love most about this sport is the world and the unconditional team spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practicing a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the stress off our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and climbing these days , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports ajongst sports , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fhlly enjoy the time spent doing it .
Trkathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself too fast .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might have gone out as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all olaned and know for all that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidis , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my further and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - stars hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have skills in listening closer to customers and an avid understanding of front desk iperations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , travelling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Gilss of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventure of Giles , a fafmer of the village of Ham who becomes a chef against his wishes by defeating a gkant .
When the dragon Chrysophglax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeag him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaiming a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles became an independent king .
I liked a lot story , first because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another jniverse , making me forget every day 's life .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and inconvenient and clashes are done with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurpus and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Cajp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Insfitutions , or in Scial Care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervusing courses .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in the Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assessment , so I am able to be a member of your well - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upvringing my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of young organizations as supervosor and tutor .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organizatoin , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accjrate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable assistant to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawickii
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When visiting different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from our own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take ror granted that everyone cfan hage zome water to drink ecen though this is mot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that different greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another human area .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully flsdged researcher and academician .
To fulfikl this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential step .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoreticzl and Computarional Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equiilbrium properties of condensed - phaxse systems .
I would also like to care out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosletic materials and as photinic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previous important fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Brazil .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use public transport .
But what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more on your plane .
But think about the costs .
Think how much you pay for petrol nowadays .
Consider as well how many days you have for vacations .
Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
Being back to our everyday life .
Most of us live in big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the economy is important for you , just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why use the first narraton ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invites us to know what is inside the madman 's mind .
Fseling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it really happened .
Facung the murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readersd ?
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the dixordered minr and the sound of hsartbeats .
First , the scene that describes the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves getting the images in their mind .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Then comes the sound , the geartbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
Every time the sound of heartbeazts started arousing , something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the older man , and he did it .
The second time , when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became imlatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and remembered the corpse .
At the same time , the geartbeats also made the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordwred mind of the madmsn is his intonation .
The whole story except the end of the friction he committed the crime . The madman used the nitonation that is extremely calm and steaxy , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp confract for the calm and the vruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around , trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbigs and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lting on the grasa."Wuat 's that ? " , Max said aloudc .
They ran quickly , approached the river and they reached the place where the animal was 's a deee ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend said .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision , Max took courage to open the door , but the deee did n't move because its leg was injured .
One of Mad 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Maz cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .
Afterwards , the wnimal was better and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Mac and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had spaces the animal 's life an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandapising private life .
If you decide to become famous because of your scandzlising private life , it would be silly to complain about riring paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
The real problem starts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but our friends or family .
Paparaxzi are cruep in contact with famous people 's children , that may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
What about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases , they must do their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to leave their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable sports of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a bramd new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Lkas Ficheraa " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the food was shown evenh without asking ( just because we had finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the fable ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just open with lower prices and good service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pisotla y Corazón Taquerua " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a tongue of fresh water was served , again , for care .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying for the book , they offered us a shot of yequila to finish our visit , confirmign that great places still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : TJANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITrH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW are YOU ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone world .
Last week I borrowed an ankle sypport and some crutches , so every since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumpimg around in no time :) .
As you know , there was a big kitchen fight in the syomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the one of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not suffixient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and kagic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malfa with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
Back home , everything started fast . I should have gotten used to this now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't had time for much .
I have been totally immerese in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paoer for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointed , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less many earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this group : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
from Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved myself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Pous I gavr a rest to my ankle , which ws very much ndeded tyoo !
The two - day , one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limits for my ankle , we would have tone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 inerviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do rekind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Dijd you ask Mario about the speakeds ?
Because watching is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm going to go now .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
Receive a big hhg from ( YES , FINALLkY ! ! ) wamr Spain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
The Guardian 's article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describeds the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the nilestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
The World Meteorologixal Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on recent as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fopssil fuels .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stwphen Belcger , director of the Met Office 's Hadleh Centre , cliams that hymanity is to blae for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientiats when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , wo consixers th clomate hcange to be obe of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on edonomy , global security abd thd figyt aainst poverty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN dummit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate wcientist Ed Hawkins expects a comtinuation of global warming , clzrifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flioding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointung out that there would have been an ice mass race in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognodis will come true , according to Orof Andre Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the studt has alreadg been proven wrkng by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN sumit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framewofk in which the IWC operates .
Fifteen wjaling natilns formed the IWC after small populations collapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritag proerties trasncends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they voke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selectioj criteria .
The World heritage city is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESXO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spaces in that area that have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage Lit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The sife is the property of the country on outside territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation has become a concern of the international World Heritage community as a wbole .
Another advantage for a city to be described on the Pist is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage Lisg , the resulting ptestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greate awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservatjon given to heritage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sjtes not included in the World Heritag List are that these sites are not fundee so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Moreover , they remembered the lisy of sites in danger without any real assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger unless they not answer the ten criteria should be protected by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to fihance and defend natural and cultural history .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Criclet is a team sport which teaches us team work , application and start discipline .
It also Life us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed cricket religiiusly and have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am fond of this battibg .
He has brolen almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketint skills , I loved his ability to handls pleasure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Para and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I will also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.om .
It has nice articles , photographs and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biogdaphies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in ceep .
Cricket is going through a rough period due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will take strong out of this and will spread its songs all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped thinking about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lust is ?
It is the kind of thing that you want to do before you live .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stxrs " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are doing because of cancee , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie has turned me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciating the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before ths I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entire different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket Lizt that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
Unlike popular unrerstandings of history ( and even presimably scientific ones , I must say ) , history is not an unstoppable match towards " progress " , whatever that world means .
It is a ciclical process .
Romle had its hayday in the first century AD , but just three ecnturies later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those first period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their actors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now , humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
No one can assure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a declihe , until a new Dwrk Agds .
But let 's pick the World Aar hypothesis for a second .
A wide world year is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people 's lives in 50 years from now .
But are there , on this day , prospects for a news World War ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what help do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War kay would be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the three underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage sar against each other would have its rpots in mucb older tims .
As the causes of the second World War has its roots in events that were the outcime of the First War , a third , hypotheical war , could have its roots in a last conflict that may well have happened already .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Suvject : holidays are coming !
Hi Dam ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holjday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' permissoon ?
In this camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff , all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Damp is well - known and open from Mya to October and it would be good to talk for two weeks . it always get overhooked for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think is coming with us from the 1sy August to the 15ht ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simonetta
The doorbell ran unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outsire stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was alone with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she did not scream .
Instead , she started cycling .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who I had been met for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died on the way .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very bemuse by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
How we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brusseld .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the epders ones taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is decorated with the lazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them are hosting cadés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made up of nartow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Every year , when Christmas time , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wall Royal Castle is one of the highest rabked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , called pqlatium , was built in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unfhanged until today - the most representatijve remnant is probably the famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour the visitors are shown several rooms and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivate Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings coplection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were ztored , and armoury .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle , one can not omig see Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragkn of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Awwel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of the thouasnd tears of the Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and are certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I was very lucky then because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , saying , and doing the activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I have travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrfol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Slong the course I had to accomplish some writing assignmnents and sybmit them to be evaluated by my peers .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself enerally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
A mzgician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a music show if he did n't know how to perform the rtick .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the words , but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Everybody says it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could also be the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a fogy path and even when it seems you can see something here it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by her uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we describe something new or we say something , they judge us or they beginning some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adults is the fact that it confuses our minds .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's a thing that gets under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The worst part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get made at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordanve , because in the end , we do n't only feel angry for them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new feeling that students have to face .
It 's not the ujsual love they 're used to feeling , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fall in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
Adolescence is like that , there 's a movement that looks magical and in the following one you drown in the dark .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Yet , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallora you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the mountains range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sat Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashre .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoraimc view .
You will find until Ca los Cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malloeca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said , " se have camino al andwr " .
It means that the most important thing is the way , the journey .
Goign on a bike near the seashore with the glasses of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallodca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient ovelisks which have been recently restorsd .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
There you can do different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different beaches , sea rivers and writers .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
A matter of sports , you should invite two different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standard of edificatjcations that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen saved from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical tower called " Falaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensivd tower or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
The synset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
From that seashode you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Trmauntana and the cape of Dormentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sew , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favor : Please , keep the secret .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introductjon .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too well , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from the facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent , but the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The future of Public Transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people buy personal cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also be turned into public transport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the best car he or she sres .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the available tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salary are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of graph care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the higher saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is rovided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nursex .
In conclusion , we can say that from the standard of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and dislikee to the extent that many people want it banhed , possibly with good reason .
Boding is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even diseases .
All professional boexrs are at risk of being killed in our next fight .
If not killed then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of too few boxers having tragic loss throughout their rankd .
This is just from the dlite fwe , and there are more from those below them .
More deaths would occur through going if it were banned .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the flight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , an on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already provided hardly to innocent people , the new blxers could be even more at work .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and leas violent attacks with little or no reasoj .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of the sport and not detdact from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals . Lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would also snow off the boxers skill and talolent and stoll be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxdr is a success and managed not to be aeriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brain have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Michael Alij , who was infamouys ) both fot his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence noe ahs Alzheimer disease and can no longer do manu evewryday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than climbing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
In many of the minority wprks of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against opprewsive forces .
Although such a show of story by these workz ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflixt upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppressipn .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessitg that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such dorces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the India tribrs in Love Medicine struggle to secure rheir inherent riggts from tne US government , the charactrs ' conflicts reflsct simikar conflicts of other cultures .
Reblelion is seen not as a disyinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arraned marriage in The Colpr Purple , and the murderou loves in Jazx reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Wager for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although fiugres of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolatr and The Coloe Purple , other minority works , including Love Medicine and Jazz , do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian features nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mnetioned works show .
This stage implies that these etnoc American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rfebellious responses to oppressiin , but as individual refledtions of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philowophical optumism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosopht that everything and occurnce is for some food .
Voltaire sets out in Candidd to ceiticise this philosophu .
In Candide , the representative of this pnilosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - roncks .
The whole book is a criticiosm of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bultar army , he is beaten almost to the but Celine does not concern himself because he knows it is for his own goals - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not because of his training . He likes two men , an EJW and an Archbishol with no hesitation and then needs to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Canide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which ddstroys the city to which Celine was sailing to .
On arrival , they see starvation and death .
Candkde is obviously hlrrified , especially when the szailor begins pillaving the city .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimiam , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cujégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candde can not see what possible good could come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Through the book we begin to see how Canidde is gradually lad away for l'optimieme or perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant tlow of disasters .
Celine 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he emraces Cunégonde , he is dsuped into the arms , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Epdorado but leaves- the list continues .
Celine 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonee , but she is not the beautiful young woman that he once loved .
She has become ugly and great worse by the day .
This illusrrates enphatically the folky of l'optimisme .
Celine has travelled the world in search of Cunéginde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through . Of course , in the end , he does get Cjnébonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimis is one of despair not hooe .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic industry .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the nearly forked national government to cooperate as a single international commercial force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the old xispute over state sobereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual States , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters extenral to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making bodt .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would create a formidablw international military force .
However , it is really clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvemetn in the Falkland Islanda dispute ) , the Cimmunities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminstet Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a single aprliament for Western Europe with the power to make political decisions for all ; and even with the 1992 apprlaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The suoremacy of Parliament will never be called .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it rstains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinqujsh its sovereignty for ever , it could therefore repesl all those lawes .
The fact that Parliament does not bind otself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
But with the average jingoistic Brito , there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever willing to be fully interested in Europe .
Even now the channel tunnel has jooned us to the context we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably utlimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , she has allied her to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a cute balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her Using ejpires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounitng responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolatede sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judges made paws .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our law . Of course , in many resects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will displayg many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , new laws will have to be accepted through the continent , and it will cause both confusion and confuse .
The British tend to be very proud and poszessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and disconteny .
Of course , the same point will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual mojetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of society .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise from its fundamental political concepts .
Of course , the British would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the nation .
It has been suggested that the Soviet Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomky could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a dwmocratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be dividewd .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
Europe as a whole faced the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , unting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Fedealists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British really results from their isolatwd past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
Whether this would happen awxits to be seen , and would depend completely on the yerms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Aingle Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lows of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss need not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and recent terms , I feel this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of looking all control over to facelesw because in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my believe that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In relenquisuing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world state .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulfr , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defend to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European reaction force .
While to an extent cripplihg defence costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defencer available .
In political time , regardless of legislatkon , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitab in terms of the population composition .
The North Sea will uncreasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Brazil to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in dmeography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this case I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while growing , with the possible exception of the Magic Vircle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this curremcy on the strong currencies within the EEX as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty but the gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the boat I think we will die before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the relation led to a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When the British entered the European Commuinty in 1973 after a national rererendum , the debate began concerning the British relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the debate foared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher , was not keen to leading Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrtaed market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Busihesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controlse allowing free glowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business boojs and free competition with the removql of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the point sterling being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are corecast for Britain , affect day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordsinate all movements of goods and policies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Bussels ? .
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound sterlnig is taken over by the EFU ?
It may well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As time gets better , the awareness of Britons of Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be dreawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofiwd " , the British will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never genetically been a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trad .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give up .
A fully intrgrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of society .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Siungle Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us okay soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a problem , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for British or the soul of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting iwing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be dangerous .
Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and the products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - infirmed individuals .
Simlicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and easier for everyone to understand , people will be happier , not better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally , then , there should be morte equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Single uerope mean a loss of sovereihnty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become emgulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " believe " any more .
The new Single Eurole may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all his idealism really will work .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - infirmed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than not in the front of international matters , taking a clear stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then not got quite a lot at least , its character at least , in integrating itself into this single Europe ?
No one would disute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains , however , that next year ( in 192 ) there is going to be an American Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member statw is of each other , the more successful the Single Union will be .
It is up to the British , therefore , to accept this fact and to set an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Colmunity is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of coser economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have tracitionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the fouynding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the first World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by wasr was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European streets called for a faster start and a fast more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
Firstly , as Europe realized her own weakness , after leaving it lost the age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economical , militarally and politically stroger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly was the donviction that military confpict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international rlations would be conducted in a more orderly wag .
One of the first major mives towards European intetration was the creation of the European Economic Communiyt , in 1958 .
Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member States have cedde to it a part of their national service and endowed it with its own sovereivn powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of nationsl law .
This novel approach to pooloing national sovereignty is called " kntegration " .
The 1970 's was progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enjabled greater score for national policies .
All of the member states agree in princille to the idea of a single manner by 1992 , however each wishes their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority votung .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firk .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unityg is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subsids as a feeling of identity takes over .
On Britains roads there is an ever increasing voluje of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - yps and traffic jams ..
To remsdy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some parts of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roacworks which destrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
People are not taking to the Tail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privitisation of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies chargw different cars for the same route !
The main disadvantage with the dailways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally used by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the service were interested there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forward to a long walk , way for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half last sux .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilemma facing the UK 's road and road transport system is the general rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently uptting pressure on the UOs transport network .
The biggest worst to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport tghus decreasing major congestion in using our poeriods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the straib of the overloaded British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motoeways and other transport links are constantly being extended , worldwide and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem caused by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozobe layer , creating smot and forming acid ran . Tourturjng the Earth we are living on .
In concludung I wish to propose clean , efficient , comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to all all of the western world population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile rail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander ?
To illistrate my point , if every time you take a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The answer most likely lies in 2 areas , firstly the attitude of many wesaterners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' gdeeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipde 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that something should be done about the volmue of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back over . They are not even attempting to address the cause that more and more people are now driving .
We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then should so does the rest of the world .
That could have disadvantages implications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the tall in standards . These people were forced into the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
This has now been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to private companies , private motivated .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed . Previously they were subsudised to make up the loss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it . The only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport it will expznd into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be patient to this idea .
Today , boxinb has become a very popular spot , with TV channels competing for coverage of different events and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a big business .
Apart from atheltics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold its head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters such as Lennkx Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Franmk Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull which may cause a brain clot or tumof .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watsob slippedd into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in low income areas see going as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , however , people who treat boxing as barbariuc , beautiful and lrimitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have mutual respect for each other .
All precautioins are taken to ensure a safe fight .
Through fights , doctors are kept close to the rong and have the authority to call it off prematurely if resuired .
Ambulances are also mept on stand by at high events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young boxers , to begin boxing would be insanr , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fightw are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurtkng the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other sorts which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Ghai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be changed .
Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
Two men , one riny , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports ' sadistic spirit , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain oves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank . He believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says thwt he dfoes not specifically go into a boxing ing to knock his opponent kut but to win on poibts differences ahd to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of hise fights have been woin on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watsoin was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fighgs to knoco his opposition uot ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' is .
The obxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer by having outside doctprs , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any glow to the head causes considerwble damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a beutal sport as boixng .
This is emphasisxed and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in the world has inebitably led to a public ulroar on the safety of the sport , and the controveys over whether the sport should be ganned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is coearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boxe regret his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy of knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some TPP boxers earning amounts of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysnos domeback cases , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising one important thje sport can be to some .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permsnently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patdiotic the British public felt when Frank Brunk achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweighy vhampion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocriticsl view is shived by so many that whether boxing should be vanned or not will remain a controversial issue for the fashionable future .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the party would be little more than another form of taxation . , In fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introfuction of the Ministry , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his products to charity , but was tejected .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms . For example , IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British national lotgery run by non - British firms .
Since its inrroduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controfersy over the allocation of money .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnastics match was also given to the royal opea house .
The lottery seemed to be a revered Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cars .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on other tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 percent out of every pound recirved by the lottery goes to charitable courses , the rest is tax the prize fund , ptofits , and the so - called celebrities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of wimning anything substantial is one in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has also been stated that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , leaving them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottedy should be retaind , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the price fundr shared between more people : it is better to give foreign people a flrtune than to give fourteen fortunes to one perskn .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majorit of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in percorming calculatilns and thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calcjlator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numericla calclations .
This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equationd , and so we need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the geniuus scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buftons to press .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
Computwrs have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all the superseded handwritten rext , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keygoard in their General Studiea exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , evne to cretae rtwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from eqhations , seem to be more popular than than printed images from an artistic 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment ceated for them by a computer .
Ehether or not , the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all bit redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the world by cax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Many can be transferfed instantly without even neecing to move the actual money - the pyhsical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer refords that shows how much each bank has ownersuip of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They crjed , they cheered .
Their faces exressed joy , triumph , rpide and prrplexity .
The world watched in anticipatiln -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wantign to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this timw ! " , " I never thought it woild happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the ball fell in Berlin-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this is just the start .
It was the start of what our no as - President Ashby likes to refer to as " our " winning of the cold War --
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastefn Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in favour -- for 40 years , the people had suffered under a comnunist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves frely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Mzny people had tried to escxpe .
Some had been executee -- I had a classmate whose father had seconds from Hbungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfolr in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Huhgary , Tchrkoslovaquia , Poland and Roulania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
These struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
However , history can not be rewritten and , as things stand , the Vall of the Beflin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggke in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the otehr significant events , we will alwyas relember teh deay the wwll fell --
The development and implementwtion of technology has affected society in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowe me to travel to this part of the world . They have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide holrizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , adn eve the less oveft cordners of ohr lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Also , they do not threaten us , but when they become wlded with certain aspects of and certain people in our society , they become optentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detrument to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal colours .
In schools , Grography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaibing that Spain was located across the oxean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopred the sae " I am a self - - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is a very low priority for our educators .
Ujntil I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lats behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental writhmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of coudh potafos .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simpleswt of sums without the aid of their till .
In many areas , the skills of human judgement have been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer disadvantages .
But even such menial tasks as cooking are good for us .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and will eventually solve us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programme .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to build computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making the human brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills . They can teach , test and improve our pronunciation skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can explain our imagination and connect our ideas into computer simulated jodels , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is nowadays the age of the computer .
Almost everyone has a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past which filled whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly acurate gfaphical rdepresentations and perform extremely difficult mathematial dquations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students for metal arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculztions .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage cars in the general public . Why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
This is very time - saving and efficient , but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer wscape from the hun - deum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The repetion of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future , but what sport will man have in this future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should not move through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by jand and calcukators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addsicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disasters and the development of huge high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
Lastly , this is a ' Fear of the ynknown ' ; something which tanpers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense ower which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious referehce point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of fenetic maniuplation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen - knice used to xtab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of benetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - klnife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
Certainly we would not hope the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their msuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is pht to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must take the major vurden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything ablve the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creativity , ie .
No - one created tenetic manipulation , the poqer of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientific does not make a discoveries then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsibility the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who deiscovers something when other scientists in another part of the world may make society independently sfterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genrtic manipulation , it would need a scientist to mieuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientists who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
Some of them are listed below :
The differences in their family and the fight between the prince and the princes of Wsles and the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy is abolishinf in many countries and many countries are republic so monarchy should be abolishee in this country too .
There are also arguments against the Monarchy too .
For example , many people like the royal family or they are honest people , not like the politisions that always lie .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the Monarchy to be established , a general election should be called and then see if the Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisarion of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the eperm from the father .
Once fertilisation has occurted the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother womb and from then on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggw can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is successful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to multiple births , ie .
twins , triplets etc .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and is not due to the child having stated life in a better future , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There are ethivs involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
, At what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save thousands of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
With no family of her own , she could have a broken fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only to help her to have children .
Technology has prgoressed quickly and in doing so , rthics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations ie .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer capable of bearinf a baby .
Last year there was a face of a low menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming her penison when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is nhot past the menppause .
2 .
Ewggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason , for example : if it was the result of a rape or if they had conyenital deformities .
There should be a fuideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead foetusez .
Science has been been on dramatically since the Indian .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if they lack the sufficient requirements or , a blue marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans who are not even born .
Bodies can start their days in a test house .
This is called ' in vitro ferdtilisation ' .
This is when an ehg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and then step is placed in to the tset ube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The first tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fstous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful and not able to have children .
An in bitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bear and it would feel apart from her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopauszl decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children , so who should she have one implanted into her ?
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mother may die of good age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfaijr to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
As the fetous begins its life in a test tubr , and the spdrm is selected , this means that the srx of the sperm could also be selected .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
A person has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and one Y - chromoosmes .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromoxome .
The X chroosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a body Y sperm is sdelected and if a girl X is selefted .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a defline in the other .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This be the unpopular sex ?
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BS .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
This case is common known as mad cow disease and , by law , any car showing these signsx must be destroyed and not sold for cost .
The problem is , however , the signa are not shown for a long time , this being a ciral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animals such as the brain , which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast food such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatievly safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignpred this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have suffered from the disease after a lifetime of eating there .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating eef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the traqde than the first point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sals of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for support aswell .
With global communication as good as it is now , it could send a scream across the world about British beef - indeed France and Germany already have resyricted and soimeplaces bannmed the sal or import of British eef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to xiversits , dairy farminv and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whenever they switch to sheep or vegetables drops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovne spungiform encephalapthy , or BEs .
The so - called ' mkad car disease ' seemed to make the class lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Those where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then pressnt in the spinal fluid within the spine and the train , and as the spinal fluid is usually put in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of xontamination of the meat was one the industry was not wulling to take .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jafob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear kink has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is hsightened , but more casee , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstauning from eating her .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pasta and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implicatiosn for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycitt beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in order to sell more meat , but the public remains sceprical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gus , and , of course , stock cubes .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being broken as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infectde , though , and the situation has become a wasting game .
For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to stablish whether or not BSE and DJD are linled , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contrated by eating meat contaminated with the cleaner .
The nation awaits the verrict on tremendous , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no problem link .
Watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that men are better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , though .
There has been a big scream in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovihe spongiform encephlaopathy ) which may lead to the human eauivalent of CJ ( Creutzfelds - Jacob disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and spiral issue ( or overall as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few eported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is known that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating bewf containing cons will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has dedvestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Already the sales of bedf in Americans have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD , part of the coffee overall must be contained within the bsef .
Customers are still eeluctant to eat the meat incaxe it has come from some ' dodby ' bucher trying to cut costs .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where hamburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is McDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their neefburgers are made from 100% of the inest , pure beef and contain no offal .
In my view , no half student restaurant with a good reputation could risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower water demand in places of food production , there would be a lower need for beef cows .
This means that there would be an effects of beef ( or a beec mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this , the prices of desserts would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that bees contaibing contaminated offal may cause CJhD in humans , farmers ( in particular geef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to divwrsify towards other areas such as crops , making classes , etc . or even have to get a government study .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and the market .
The question of comensation for service rendered is never so simple as remitting a prexetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at gand .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employees are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Cobtribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to remain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest of their investments .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class generations became wealthy and raised the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parfasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in front of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimoted welth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money rely on it .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miseragly ?
A mkgrant work may slaev away in a tield all day long and make less money in a day than a roller person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's ijheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works in a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a very fully American premise that all people are given an eqyal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
Probably , most people believe that they are ujnderpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too much money for the work they do , but most doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fast price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equak to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past , women have had problems with societies tole of what they are expectes to do in the workplace and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get safe and pay is different for the same job for a man and a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's role is the feminists .
There are groups of people that have ddfended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the world can do .
The problem is that these feministw have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with our traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these fekinists rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their people .
An example is nilitary women wanting to serve in combatf positions when at age .
Feminists argued this a lot when Iraq was was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Wimen just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and if capturfed could be raped .
They feel that it is not fact that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotiojs in the work place as not being fair .
Also , sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believe that they were the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employees are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but modernization has changed everyone 's thoughts .
Duvorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
Some should be created wqual , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , tereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categoried regardless of individual differences .
The tragedy is wsorsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstionate oppostion .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Szand ( although French ) were noticed and rdiiculed , thus defeating their cajse , because of their crime actions .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumouly as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wikd , disgruntled zealots and was therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Although " radicals " such as Sir and Anthony seem docild and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those obeerving the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " mormality " and Women 's Lih .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative collection are only seen in the shadow of the bra - meaning , anti - snaving leaders of the 1970s .
The gold of their culture is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called women have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perceptiob of them has .
For so many years , the goof that journalists have promoted for women has fallen by the waysidd in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. raeical ideas .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more friendly received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded .
Without this century , there would have been many technological advances which have reduced us to an extremely different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other words right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programmes for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring wart into the home as well as artistic epxressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the concerns they experience in their culture , rather than confdont them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a dievrsion rather than an educational tool , as entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millionx of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching eit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
TV has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the rtemote control , and stay at home .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of six years ago .
It has given society another creative view , a look at the world which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for a while , its presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and its consequences have been devistating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejjdice and pareanoia among people which has tonr them appear .
For example , there is more of a stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDcS through a blood trxnsfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcqst and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Dkctors are discovering that some undwtectable strands of AIDS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eightjes " sexual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be for more than one night stand .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this diseases , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous book of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wazrs , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frigtening weapon our people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atoms and it energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As massive technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret coties for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentaliyy is the worst effect of our niclear , cold war age .
On a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons tedting , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrrations , the cold wqr has manifested its awesome power and control over every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating ceiling Executive commancpost from the air .
In just the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smallre symbole of freedom , and an end to oppressikn in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barrieds are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nucleae warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from lediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this rhawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be warm and friendly people .
The furthermore of penicillin as an antibiotic has one of the greatest adevances in medical chemistry .
As a natural antibiofic , penicillin was considered to have many uses in stopping and preevnting the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in bitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful computers not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotids decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibuotics through synthess .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical backgrounds , and the induwtry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older dishes could be synthesized efficiently while still reamining biologically active .
New methods were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new sheets continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It is now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upojohn , were formed and brewed , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterua -- the producer of penicillib .
The modern computer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredible fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made more easier from a physical standpoint and easier from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In the office , the computer is everywhere .
From WRD processors to psreadsheet / database programs , computers have made life work easier and faster .
Automxtion of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy letter is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has craeted a surplus of " jeedless " comoutations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errorw all the time .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Mathematjcal models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't protect .
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignborant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible ckmputation ) , never make an effort .
This supposed reliabiilty has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustragion , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up skmultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be praxtically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
But there are practical Yeltsin .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate aladming predicfions or erroneous results .
The one is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 evg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with metal arrows in its centre has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satelliote system , created in the past years , has changed the meaning of television .
In psrt , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century , is often labelled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Tee Turner revilutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , around - the - world news station .
Presidents and dictatros also watch the channel to receive first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentwl autonomy , are being made , based on that notes news CNN fommentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE rrfer to CNN , created by sawtellite dish , on a daily gender .
Stocks are an integral part of their lifestyle .
The entertainment world has taken advantage of the satsllite role , subtitlibg the Infrmation Age , with the MTV age .
The dreation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money pored into crdating videos , and the profits from viewership- have made a strong affect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. shouted are entertainers .
The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Caboe TV and natural programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite gate .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the sstellite diksh .
And one must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The invention of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pros and cons of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this situation will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the world that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is the threat of its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had one project of such small size been able to take so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most self - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each positive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the ability to apply and energetic the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In using this power in plants and factories we run the rise of contaminating our land , boowing holes in our sky , rendeding our seas useless , and killiny our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogica to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various ractors , we have holes in our pzone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and qspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The second part of this trayedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small part .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apxthy will be irreversable .
This is why it is important to act today .
It starts with you .
Write to your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significant changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extenf to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to travelling and also broadened people 's prrceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airlane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and msised the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like diseases , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very economic and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did not have the opportunity to search it first hand .
The invention of airplanes has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiatr face to face has improved drastically with the establishment of international trade .
The airppane has also basically ended the whole postal communication system also .
Life with airplanes is more rapid - paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just other examples of inventions and discoveries that have had protound effects on modern day life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
Another " discovefy " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much process has been made towards the equalkty of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have a woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant wqual rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Rqual Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , a woman still only earns something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man wants .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about them , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not become mainstream .
Only when women have achieved equality with men will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the furthermore have been completed .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear weapons .
We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nucleaqr waste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely duml their waste w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have been founded to plant more trees .
We also realize our foseil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing many nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collectjons ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that animals have rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more pecautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are headibg in the right direction and hopefully , by the 21st century , we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely efdfected people 's lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sortes . I no longer need to keep these recors but only to transfef rhem to my computer .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremwndous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to prpcess and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a peb and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Proceasor I 'm able to edit and rezrrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and Furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father had the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomorehensible .
I 'm now here in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , and ran here from the US .
But , with out the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston university , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
With / out this uxury , the International Prigrams Office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transatcion would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have had a more significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantansous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which is considered of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distribution ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , This allows them to make theid own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- shch as tne gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immeeiately , whike tue emtoions arr still etrong , and brfore ghe action is ifnalized .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television eets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same form of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spanish can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , thus allowing people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unifiee place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to percorm the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accuratr portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem good but always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people go around acting like Supreman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culubary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
progress has moved slow like the tides and the constant runner of the waves have shown little changed .
However , with the daybreak of the twentyth century , a storm has brewed .
With this storm the waters have churnes and spanwed a weave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
This face is the licrowave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
A complete break has been forced in the way food is prepared .
At the same time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As history progressed , sports and bardbeques emerged .
Technology saw the davent of the wood stove , and layer oness fueled by coal .
In modern times are gas and electric bikes as well .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Flame , the source of life , was always used to prepare the tools of mankind throughout Yistory .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , this creating fruction , which creates health .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but brwaks away from convention and forges new route .
If this is not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has ejbraced this eliminator of waste hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can cook at home and whip up something in minutes in the micdowave , whereas before she would have been slavimg in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Again , time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without personal fear of firea starting .
For As I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people people into the dizzing place of life that most of us paid in the CO2 century .
Throughout history you can see that great revelations in all areas come from vreaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Dating is something everyone must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gunb can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it killed ) , but the invention of the radio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the advice is simple .
There is one transmitter and it swends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even compare how our lives would be different .
Every morning I listen for the weather organizing and dress accordingly .
At night one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolced .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observersw rather than active participants in the new making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radio gives us the ability to reach many more people , constantly .
As a part of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV
There have even new forms of entertainment , for example games , made for this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV
My señira , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She siuts in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporitng events , movies and much more to keep us entertajned 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we use and do things .
The current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this , one fails .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
TV comercials and TV programs present models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the values that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when compared to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family is often replaced with TV . In America , in this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sees the realistic humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , fhe unsuccessfuol , and attribuye thier inadequacy to achkeve to a lack of rffort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
When Voltaiee wrote Candide , a litefary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Françsis , that set guidelies for French literature .
According to l'Academie Ffançais , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard uphelpd by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitud , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these rewgulations and followed them in his literature .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaife defied the Acadeie 's rules .
Candid is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to have a good manner : they did not want to ste on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , churches , or state issues .
In Cvandide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in factg , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaide went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He met the two girls of Oreplion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who was batyed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raepd by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
The wise old woman underwent the removbal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing fape .
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Mussalman , he eeceives 100 lahses for his sin .
Cnadide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Bzron forbids Canfides to marry to France .
Ironicqlly , although Voltire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated livhtly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an interesting story in their conversayions about their travelx ; the Baron also continues his game with style after telling of his beatung ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no sevond thought untol he reemcounters the Baron lated in his travels .
The light attitude in which these acts of art and viplence are written shows the parody form in which Voltqire writes Canfide .
Voltaire vhooses not to stay away from the xhurch and state issues .
He attracts the hilpocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Plpe .
When Cabdide visitors the and of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of Bsron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Cfandide and his companios dine with 6 sethroned kings who represent the overimportance society plxces on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According to Lunde , 35% of homicidd victims are killed by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Dickens ' thesis .
Frustragion is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most vases are those of the " trigger cutting the finger " .
Today , racial prsjudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Four years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , voge , or go to school with white people .
Desegragaiton reduced some prejudice , but it still eists .
The difference is , today social service is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return davors .
This is based on eauity theory .
It would be better for the concert to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lived in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudiced toward blacks at first .
After living in the south for a while , they may qdopt sourhern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conrormity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice towards Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted wihte attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Our country has been called a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different backgrounds but have joiend or melting together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we realize , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The differences they are rediscovesring only are more color , flavor and edcitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( even most clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain insifferent to the lives of their fellow Americans .
As Ellke Weisel , author of such books as Internet , says about jndifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tried to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and vishal partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / lteral because their native language is so .
African American literature is often mleodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and House music .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some unique to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this version of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trdials and hardshups that they want through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The studies of black American swlaves and of concentragion camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and porosper .
Hopefully we will sometimes fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and and indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen without any channels that cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced organizational narions ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrklls them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police casss , emergency services , international terrorism , and art ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violence is relevant in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Vommittee , are not satisfied with it .
The Wenate Commerrce Committee approved bills causing a part line on TV violence and a so - called trend caed that would idemtify stations carryimg violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The books would apply to hroadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - cnip , a Historical Fund , a Vjolence Safe Harbor , and a Violencxe Reeport Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Sebate of " piling on a streqm of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucrach " .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasters have already responded to concerns over violence on television ( Dtern 1 ) .
Some television shows take vuolence because it appeals to adults viewers .
If a certain sport involves a urder , then the wrong thing must happen .
Some people may not want the Scotland murder to be shown , but that is up to wgomever is waiting for the television show .
Many made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcasr networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister cokbat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause for television violence is to add tedture to the show and not to ppison children 's minds .
The nfamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that children will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
