I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continues to have a future than people are gpnig to ize more thue cars then vus or underground .
By car , we can just stay by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both transportation are god n thr fads do n't ner necessarialy to end up wigh the pbulix tranaoprt .
Michael and Itae were so happy , until one day that Michael aud his dream of being a comedy hero . She got so nervous sauin that it was ridiculous and just a jd dream and that Michael was only dreaming that that would never happen and that she hero do n't exist .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many different kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like trains and planes that can transport you from north to other in less tan hour thj will make business men haopy and comfirf because of sabinb a oot of times and effotrw so we hole thst th governmentr can achieve this way as slon as possibpe
Old computers only let you do many tasks , or even play simple games with 2 doors ( train and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like reading or playing games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make vidrls , invent njea sztuff to improve the Computing Twchnopogy , md not noly in 2 colors , bjt thojsand of them .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he lives at and started to look for some information about his life and kind people who he cares about , So as I decided to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house so i decidec to fplpow um to rbe house and i foun oht he was datint a gkrl aye might be his girlfrien so i finally gotq an idea , i would dribe im crazy just as he diod wity me , ghat aau she wilp fhknk he had problems on his ind and left hbkm , but sk i thougt aboyt it again wnd realized yhaf if i didx that she will try to ehpp him and they sill be miee united , so i decided to dtve tnen btoh crazy almos at yhr boredr of death , jux as he did wifh me !
I screamed , my ajger had dominated my life . I did not have no matter control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not confrpl myself and the only thing I could think of was ni suffering wuyh a slow death znr t satisatcuon i wouls feel when i finaloy uwd my revange , the bser revznte .
But I was so mad at him and so ansipuns to making his life impossible , and so my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and bigger . I had made a decision I was going to do it , if he dexicatwd 4 yerard of his life tourtoring me and not antibg me to be hapyp i soyld the time is nesesary fod him to have a miserqble lifts and i wo nt stop unyio i had acomplished my goald
Public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe , but some people prefer cars to extenf . We agree with and our reasons for that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people really needed cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . In about 10 years , car trading became viabl and also became very dupportef by havih jer oenm fans at the beginning the faecd a olt of ptoblemz butg they wqwre able to solvd it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities of travelling are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . The majority of people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because the din is sometimes cheaper , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster than when it comes to rtaeling a lopt of pdpole prefer riding rheit wo cara to feel the real experkence as to enjot mo by vhilling our from ceowded places
Technology has changed people 's lives very much fact we can think how different our lives are either to our parents or our grandparents ' lives . example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young.but it is n't tbe alone difference : we xna thuhk at tfhw mobilefoen , the computer ed at least the inteendt.oluhr grandoarents woundn't imagine a strange mahine like computer in theid lifre .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running level by way so that every when you are running a little further and a little more fasred and then after 20 ysars you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
I completed many tasks , including titoring ghrde students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligent against the instructor . The instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom house . very hard , but I hzve nothing to complain azbout .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because they spent a lot of time in the show cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
What we think as Muslims is that we have been created by one who does n't have other with him , the one who created our father ( Sdam ) and created us from him ( Eve ) and they were in Paradise and instructed to die from the tree but tge Sstab deceive tnem so yhey brought to this lifw ajd generations came fron them and had sent the prophet nd mwxsengers ( oses , Jesu , Mohamed , others .. who they worship th wams one ) witgh Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the peoplle to know wno who will foolowe fje truth which wiop guide to the Paradise and ego follo other pqths wahich it wipl guide to yhe hel . so becaize of that we are nere to do the test in this shkrg ljf .
which plays an important role in giving young competition to government . As a result of this consumer the more benefits like power cars , privacy , freedom and safe travelling addition many automobile companies launcing new cars with affordable prices which insijoxt people to use more and more private vechils .
I think people will like this movie because it is very similar to the story of the film ; this is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I fhinj that in the last movis , they aill pluy double effort .
He took the ojey the second day . He finished the registraxtiin and started working the story after a long time in writing and did a good job . He went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a joitice on the slor sqy haf tr competition hw caceled , he cazme back vey sad and tild me wjar hzppened .Michael clpsed the dope an kmew at thxt mojent he has a miwtake .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains is more convenient and lowers expenses also to decrease the carbon gases which affect the ozone . People should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments shall encarge tbe pellle to uxe the other wus fo transpirt , this subject shal be issuesd in all media to learen ar encrage the people to use he wrigth sag for transpog .
In my town we created a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this . The citizens will take the responsibility for special day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place ane clean trrr and planbg more of it .
Nowadays , in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , tram etc.yheae options . it are more economical than the car . The problem of the car is that , normally the car is kcdupied for a person , when the cost is prepared for to carry four or fruve people .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that Contrmporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play pkano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still play liank without going to classes .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twentt first century we have various options like Pl that can fly in the cloud , trains that are big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than ancient tkne .
Yes , I agree . If you olaned ye travelling for a long distance and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in a car , because fidstly you spend less time , your travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a lont time , as yiu nwed .
I think that this is the guestion for everyone , and the answer ca n't be one for all . auxe , someone can use public transport , even economy by this not only for money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , dause they spend more time f tavelling or they simpld do n't lkke to travwll with znother lwople .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemon " I go there every day . It has different food from any restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlif sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me and my favorite appitizer is sushi and in order that desert I 'd athsr " Vxdhe " cake witfh chocolate sqhce I feel I;m at ease whneb I go there I enjoy classical music lver having a lunch about the servcive It 's ery good and all stad are respeftable I ca n't imagine lne eej withiut goingt there that drives me mhts I advisw awny one to go therre and ehjoy a time there , laso tyhiw restaurant has a relative aevantxge in ygiee erakly It 's exdcellent Tyijs strikingly thing fokt anyone deapige all of thdse advatnage prices zte mor expensive .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and , above all , patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a good experience because I woul meet new pdople ad a different culture .
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches around the Meidterranea coast and for the Olympic Cathedral of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come need to do activities like kitesufing and windsurfing on the beach or canoening and aquatic skating on the Olympic Castle .
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from the village about the importance of care of our surroundings , middle - stations people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places , making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
You probably wo n't believe me nu I met all the members of Dżem nand . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their departments on the neeezt recirc . I did n't hxve kang duties ahd none of tuem eee unplesant .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferencex in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and improve me for the community services ajd development my zociedty as I hlpe to come back qn teach orhers wta I learj .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying , partly because after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because all the above will let students used to have fun instead of studying , nar partly becauee of some dicficult couwes zhouod be continually studying .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as , well , safe , being close to the university , and learning how to share everything with others . sagijg money and time will be more important in university dormitories because mlnthlh payments will be less than for time than uiring an apatment , a becfause it wil be closer to ths university , saving moey ah tike is morr efficient by reduving transportation 's cksrs
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country , three days where I worked during my life . He was dirty , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budey of eating . Living alone while graht me the freewdmo to live by the weay that I chokae wnd still friendly wiyh alp the others withut exceed rge privacy of my friends . this matter qiol bot achieved wheb living in shared rooma .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to get in touch with daily activities for friends , making obseevations of relationships , mzintainong one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokiez , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Wuinj , & okwett , 2013 ) .
In spite of some people making enough money to buy their own car , electric and uybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones which are gas or driesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I been looking for restaurants in Mqklorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the are on the buses I will see - which of course will be screenx and not printed paper - qill sohw imagves of Mallirca , or an add fron tripaxvisore witu Mallocra in it .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea is for amims couse : bsed potarles , stdamed vegetables and for desesrt apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture , maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and walk . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very ikportant rir finnmer and I think that we must ovt this , because we will hazfe a gopd nivt or hot depejeing tue type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is good for us , because normally we talk about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to kn new ometning about itber mayrs .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to interact with me when they play , and nowadays , I lice playing foitbll wtih them .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caderes is located in a paxstuer area where local farmers have been being sherp , cars and pigz for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your free weight . It helps you with heart diseases , problems with your free body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
We started our journey and going in the forest . There were a lot of # lests on our way . There were various guys that were sick . We could n't do anything except ofr , keep going . I was waiting for my little group to # djminish and some of us werd # allergic to some plwnts , I wzs thj only lns that had no prohlem with all gge other stufg peooke hda pronlmes with .
I thought that maybe my # glasses were actually immune to this infection . I could actually be the # revolutioanrh guy that helped everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it , but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about is it elp the entire sorls or ust save a gheoup the dediskon ss in my jnds it was # conventionap to hepp tes entore wklrd but I do n't want to rie . wbilr I was thjnking about tnat we found a bidsy it waw a familisr bodcy from someobe that qa in ghr group one of tohs guys we wantyed to fic and apive not dead his face ws wll fottem and esqten aawy by the walkerz .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started everyone was huhgfy and we haven't taught anything in a few days and that could lead us to things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to fni something that ass a # nutrutioal based food qhere we could eat with no problem abc be ok .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably missed something , watch contact happens in more than a second , and still every player direxfs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , znd see the enetgy on ghe floor and hear fge noise from tyge crowd you 're missing oht .
Max ca n't really say why they ended up having swz - lerhap . At the time he was pissrc at himself for not having bzlld to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Klaika 's family and so on , but this is what hqppened .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am young enough to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to the letter at this school and if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Olympic college of London is one of tje mosy implrtant universities in the whole worlkf .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thing writing that he said that he would get him the dile , and that he would get him with broken bits of food he could , and he would come to ghe thirf at tyhs Battery .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more tired reflectiuons like at the end of the first chapter , when he describws the man who stlloe him as being afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging imself .
Having at that time to find out for myself what the depression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and hard hjd , and to be much in the habit of lxynig it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suggest that Noe Gargery and I weste both btoughtr up by hand . "
The realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixre pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vofes and vittues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style like with Domantic and Gothic elements , liker Gyrobic maxke heroes and female protagonists tbst aqrs psychologically cimppex .
With panic consumption and the cateyory labelled beef had a deep trend between 1979 and 2004 , although mentioned a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 garmsa per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 ahx bewd consumptikn fallng from zround 230 gramd per prson pr wdel down to just over 120 grams ed person per week .
Yet , oftebtumes , being more respectful may play against him and although he has gained the epsect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should give up his self - confidence , rather than end up atgemlting to cover everyone 's back and takijg oiwnership rlr other people 's mistskes .
It is a cry that keeps its story through amazing architecture like beaches , churches like San Francisco Church which has mjystetious subterranean catacpmbs ; el Eesl Felipe which is the most incredible Spanish foryress ; through their costumes as well as Carnovap , this day you can enjoy ghiz padticular , interesting zn colorful frstival beczhse you use watdr , paint or talv to wet your family ajf neighbir ; their typival dande called " La Marinera " ; also yhey keep their history through rkigion whete you discover the religius enthusiask weyich is represented by la Orocesión dro Señor de lis Mklagros ; their gastroomy is another extraordinary awnd wondreful xakple about their symbops , loks qzamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wind ) , el Cevicue , l Pjdarones , etc .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisaitn and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , in society and mentqlly , and I believe that my ability to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a complete adeigion to the any of my proposed unigeraity abd the Fzecj Republic Scholarship texmj .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be an apable and dedicated student who has the committment and decided to work hard in order to be a gaduxte , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my provide university in more ways than one .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we rende to take fot granted that everyone cwm jabe some sater to drink ecdn thouhh this is niy true .
We faced continuous problems with the letter such as : dresses from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a consideraboe delay and the book was shown even without asking ( just because we had finished dinner but our drinks were still on the trable ) .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earlier that it wipl mean .
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my xkle , whivh was very muxh needed too !
Stephen Beclher , director of the Met Kfcice 's Hdlry Centre , dlaims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the category expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This option is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and cpimte change , Ajbdr Rusdc , who considers tfhe climate change to be one of ghe grdatest rpoblems in nowadays ' politics die to its condeqhences on conomy , gobap swcurity anc thjd ftioght against loverty .
Despite the result of a NASA study ooinying out that there would have been an off mass yfew in America from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this orognksis will come true , according to Prof Anne Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study usa axlready been prdoven wrong by 57 other styudies .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could be seen as an excuse for some country to decaee war with another , but the true jnderlyin cause that actually led the countries to wage wqr against each other would have its roots in mhch older timed .
The Vanp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . it always gets ovrbooked for the period my parents can take day off . What do you think is coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
Once bozing is weekend and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxknb and hopefully less interest in violence , making rowhs and citizens a safe place to live in , there will be less fighting outside our and clubs and oexs violent qttacks ith little or no reasin .
There are all sorts of prkposals , ligthed and more cushioning glofse could be done , ban punches to the head , guests down or make fights worse , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter numbers . These would all all for the boxers skill and tazllent and still be rjtertaining to watch .
Even if a bxef is a success and manages not to be serious but he still faces serious consequences in lower life deserves that attack the brzinw have been known to set in as a direct result of bixding , even Muhamd Zli , who was infamous ? ) blh ot his boxing and his quick - witted intelligsnce miw nas Alzheimer diseasew and can no pinger do many evdyday acts .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately deflects society as a whple , and although the mother 's in The Big Life Club febep against such forces as qrrangsd marriags , Tita in Pike Water for Xhocopate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Ibdiab tribes in Love Msdicine struggl to secure their inhefent eivhts from the US government , ghe charaters ' conflictx reflect smiilar cojflicts of other cultures .
Debellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a bindimg force between all cultures , for Dwlie , too , rssists the rranged marriage in The Doctor Purple , and the numerous ppves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destryctive passion in Likkd Water for Chocolatr .
Emphasis changes with each week , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in some , such as Like Wstdr for Chlcolxte and The Cooo Purple , the minoeify works including Love Medicine and Jzzz do not reflect the clearly dedijed authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive aftkon wyuch the previously mkentioned works shls .
He is thrown out of Trnunder - eb - Trohcj because he embraces Fujégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he miolls three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorsdo ut leaves- ne ojst continues .
It is true that today one still hears the low pressure over syat sovereignty and attempts to return self power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the Untied States , the government in Washington represents the role policy - makint body .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some yjified political action growing from the European Communitids ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British invilvemednt in the Falkland Jslxnds dispute ) , the Communities were intended as clearly economic entities in the first place .
Secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil War " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , better world in which international relations should be conshcted in a more orderly way .
One of the most negative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and enowec it with its own sovereign powers , which it can hsd to adopt adta , having the fortce of national law .
The only way to stop the cifcoe will be to break it . The only people to do this is the government or purselvss . If we make the effort to use public transport it will expabd into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be appropriate to rhis diea .
The sport to say the past is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is zrgujed by Chris Eubank . He believes he is a sportwan and the idea of boxing is an art forj , he says that he does noy specifically go ijfo a pxing ring to knpc si ppplnent out but to win on points dciffrrences and to yikve Chria Eubank his just resec most of his fifhs have been wh on poinys .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be babned , the tragid accident where Nichale Wagson was put into a xomla by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyslns comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how imporrant thd sport can be to zomr .
The second and main ovjection came from chaeioties who predictes that charitable xohations would go down with the introduction of the library , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , offering to buy a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent huyinf the ticket wolur go to chartitu .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million poudxs , and the prize fund separated between more people : it is better to drive foreign people a fortune than to tiver fouretern fortunea to omes person .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but increased handeritteb reaching , ( in a few decades people may also be aded with a computer screen and keyboars in the general Studise exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork abd to enreretain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fracyal ' photographs , xran from equations , seem to be more popular than based on printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
The world watched in ajticipatiin -- We were kesmiruzed by the umagess of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't belidve it ! " , " After all thud time ! " , " I nsvef thpufht it would happeh .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastdtn Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- for 40 years , the people had suffreed under a communist rgeine that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelasnmds in search of a nwe life -- Many people yad tried to escape .
However , history can not be regarded and as things stand , the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the eesurgence of hple and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Blpc -- As such , it was the cxatalyst rkrce that led to the end of the Cold War and thereforw , though we mya not always rememver tbd other significant events , we will alwys remembet the day be aalo fell --
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have caused my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of help and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and evdn th less overt ckrners of our livrs .
The fundamental fear in saying scientists must bear the major replied or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind could be without electricity , fadios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut ' existence .
I do n't think this is far or most correct for the child since her mother would be claiming her eneion when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there should be a txt that is given before ( OVF ) is carried ojr to cec the mother is ot pady the menopause .
The disease nifecs the cow , and is then ptrsent in the spinal fluid within the sine and the brain , and as the psinao food is usually spilt in the slquvhter of cattle for meat , the riusk of contamination of the meat was known the January was not willing to take .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that result made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or betterd wanted " was what to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer where before I had a computer my work was cxluttered w/ paper and records of all events . I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer tgesm to my computer .
While previously people had to watch days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much niterpretation and distortio ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this aqllows tume to maje fbeir own , informed jhdgment abpu the event ; ans if a reactoon is nrcesszry- uh as fne gathering of opposition to a certain paw -- it cn be made immediately , whols the ekotilns afs still strkgn , zne before tbs acxtion is finalized .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for eelaxation and family is often replaced with TV . In America , in this growing individualistic society , one onlonger sees the reality of humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , he unsuccessfull , and atteibute thier inzdewuacy to adhisve to a lax of eflrt .
Finally , although Vootzire mentions many ways of violence , each day is treated light : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defilped like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues this tale with style fayer telling of his beating ; and after Cxbdide " killsx " tghd Baeon , he lexves to search ir Cuneognde eirh no second thought unitl he feencounters hs Baqroh later in his traves .
