In my opinion I think that public transport in vuture is going to continue to be used hecajse there e a lokg of people yha does n't have enough money to pqy ofr a xad even if it is eed , so publuf transport contjnue to hqve utute bjf peolple are goung to use mkfe the vare yhen buw or undergeound .
By dae we ca sut stsy with ourselvew which sn be good bedcause we can listwnh to the music bat we like qbd we do n't beed to be around peoolw tghag ar unkqoed but if we vhlse public trandport we cn meet fdidnds or falily so both trasnportations are good ab ghr cdads do n't nred necessaroaly to rnc up with tur public ttamsport .
Michael and Kwte was so happy , unl ond dxy tbat Michael daid to hium dream to be a super hero , Kwter fetf so nefvois saying that it was ridiculous and jiat a kid dtwam and that Michael was only dreaming bhy tuat would never happen ajd that supwt hero do n't exsit .
Transportation lhe of the most ijmportant thing on life so we have mamg of kinds for trxnsportatjon now we travel by car buit in ths nead futhrw it ill be otner xomfort and dazy wahs to tyravel like twst train and planr thag can trasnport yiy from noegh to south in les thawn hojr this wil jake businds jem happy qhd clmfort because of saving a lkt of tomrs and efforts so we hlpe thag thge government can achkvee this a as skon as poswsible
Oe computers oblh let hiu mame math tasks , or evrn plat simple takes wkth 2 colors ( green and blavk ) , but now yoy can do whatever you wanr to do , like creating or playkng videogames , qriting or eeasding a vook , connect to trhd interfent , watfh or lakw videoa , invgent nww stuff to ikorove the Computing Technoligy , and hof bly in 2 colors , buht thousand of them .
As i did n't fpund ntouing , i went to th place he ilfe at and wtatred to pook for omr information about his life and found pdoplr who he care about so as i continued to go to uis houews i notice he wjll alays go to tehe same house so i eecide to follow him to tgeh housr aje i foun out he wsa dating a yurl she igjt be hjs girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive nil crazy just as he did aith me , jat way sh will yhin he uzd orlblems on his mnind ajd leff him , but son i thougt sbout it agin wnd realized that if i did that she sill tfy to hdlp him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive thk both crazy lampst at the borded of dwathj , jyz as he dr wyh me !
I scramdd , my anhgef had dojinated my mond i did nt had no longer control over my acrions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i xoild do , nt i ckjld not control my self wnd the onpy thint i could think of was jij sufferibb with a slpow death anbd tje satisaction i woule feel wshen i finally bwd my rsvanbe , the best tevwnge .
But i aas so nad at him and so ansiobs to mzke hijs kief imosibpe , and sopno my fear of death and my anger for all of the suferimg i uax berm throif became stronger an bigger , i had made a dezition i was goinog to do it , if he dedocated 4 ygears of his lofe tourtoring me xbd noy wantjng me to be happy i wkul the timn is nesesath tor huk to yavew a imwerable lofd wndc i wo nt stop until i yazd acomplished my goald
publiv transporfation bs bedem motw used by peolpke wmd over the yraxrs it is kind of becoming cheaoer nx also kode safe nut some people prefer cars to edtwnt do we sgree with and whwtg is our reasons pr tar thxy is eat zee we gokn to dekonstratd in this sesay
bsfore about 40 uears there was nohing called ubpic transportation and peoppe rarey owned cars so in those yeafw therre wa nit efeh goox facility to oe feo place to other ahd that is because there was no companies to build xqrs in wbout 10 yrsrs cars tfadung brfame biable ajd also becam veft supported by having her pwn fand at the beginning th faced a lo of probems but they wer able to dolve it by the end
nowadays alop racilities of travelling are morr convenient from cars to vuszes evsn traons anf planes .somjd pekplr lrefer cars because tur do like crowded placew or becasue the fkne it sometimes cheaoedr but from another point of vuew public transportatioh is very vhwap snc even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of psople precer ridumg theor own cwre to geep the real experience xnc to enjoy more by chilling ku gfom crdwed places
the tecnology habs chanched fbe oeoole 's life very much.in fvt we cn think yiw different is oyf iufe respect either to our parents or our grandparents lif.for examlle my patentz did n't shacgh on tv , becaues thesre ww n't any tv on the slrld when they were young.but it is n't yhe alone difference : we can think at yeh mobilefone , the ocmupter ed at least tbw knternet.our grandlarents waoundn't omavine a strange mahcine like computer in their life .
hte nestest adfice I csnj fivkng to someone who is staeting tuw running is to starting solwky nad nlf to rr to run too fast but the to eventuaply build up tgr dunning qeek by week so fhat eferh week tolu ae runijg a little more further wnd a ljttle more fasfer and then after 20 ydars you eill be an Olynlic champion maybe .
I completed my tzsks , including tutkring tufee students complefe summer hkmeowrk , correctong homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped otganizd handouts , instead of fhe instructor to answet quesions raised by tj students , but also to clsan hte cpassroom hygiene , evrg hard , but I hxve nltging to vomplain agojt .
so he eentr back to Sxrau 's houae and clean alk hte btahrook , bi Sarah already knbew thaq he lrft ths bathroom like thjs so before Mocyael entered to ghs batbroon she said : " I know what you leave there " awbd Mihcael went rhnming to the bthroom .
I said tyay bexausr when I was eleven my best friene hxf been oepated on je badkm abd before the operation he dane wih me abd eberu day I has to aaiy for edr because she spendt a lot of time in yue ehower cleaning hed olng yais , I hated tyzt !
Wnat we belief as Muslims that , we hage crdatwd by one who do n't haev otyer with ihk td one wno reate our ftber ( Adam ) andf created frmo hkl ( Eve ) anc tyey were in tjer Paradise and instructed to not et from rne trese b the Ssgan deceive ghem so they brought to this lifs ands generations came from htek ans had serht ghe eophet and messwngers ( Moses , Jesusz , Mobamed , others .. wh theu worship th amr pbe ) wifh Miracles and evidence of the trhty , to guis fhd pdople to know who who wol follow the rrufh shichg wlil guide to the Pqrdise an who follow ofhef ptahs ebich it will guire to the heop . so because of that we raw hrrw to do the tdsg in thos short life .
whidh ola an importsnt row to giev tough competitfion to government . as a resul of thks ocnsymer gets moee bsndfit lis lowed faire , privacy , freedom ah saef travelling.in ddition many autojibile comoayn launcng nsq car wuth affordahle poroce which insiost people to use more and more prfivte bechilr .
I thiknl people will lkme this mvke because , iys vefu similar to fhw wtoru of fhue book ; this lne of tgw first mogje that is realy basere in th book , t yheme is vedy ynique qnd originao , also rhye atcors in thr fjret omvies were perfect , and I think that in tgd last mocie , they will pjt double effoet .
he took tnw money ne xecond fag , he finiwhed tge registrtion smd starrd in writing the storh after lkbg tile spending in writing smd did goolr job he went to gife his story to the international student magazine offcw , he found out thee qde a notice on the sior say tna tfue competition jss acnveled , he cqme bacl evy sad and told me wbat happened .Michaek closed thjw doikr and knew at tbta moment he jda a jistame .
I am belsvihg ghag there is no dutuee for the pulbic transpot , using trains is mo convient and low expenses alsl to decrease the carpln gaaes which affecting the ixone , people zhluld be asxre abour the effect of using tue publioc trxnspotation on the econmics and encironent , giverements shall encargs gje people to use thjs other ways fokrf trnsprt , tgis subject sahkl be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage yge poeoplr to use he wrigth way tot transpof .
In my town we create a smaqll organizayion fod more healthy envirinmeng , beauty toufh and to be attradtive . hte citizen in the town must oaryicipate in thuz , hs citizen will talr the responsibilitgy for xpecicic day to clran ghs town and put ye rubbish ibot ckrrrct place na ckean trde and plant mirew of it .
Nowadays in rhe citiex developed tgere zee nxny possibiklities for public transpdt , lkie bus , rrdain , wubway , tram stv.these optjons it 's more economical than teh car , the probkm of ye dad is thar normallg the car is ocvupoed for a person , whyrn the far is prparedd dr to cwrry four or rive peppld .
It is wll known thzg many Art curators and Artists believes thaf Contemporary Adt is nit a goo source of rg , dimce thbrre aee ma zrtists thqtr only creage based in their easy ieeaz of an aesthetic ikage or a philosopjicao idea , but most of thd times this is unintelljgibpe .
Yo have claasds sinjce toi were nnie years old and you already mnow how to play piano , so I tuin thaqt you should continue doing sports because it is imoortant for yoir bealfh anjx in you frss times you could still pla piano without yoing to the classes .
In csse of transportation technology , in tys twenryu first century we have various option likr Lln that da fl with thr cloj , train thar fast and bnig enough thar carry hundrfeds of people and rravep hundreds of mkle an upur and boat tbaf mhcu biygef and fastt than amicent ime .
eys , i agree , if you olaned tyhe travelling fid a long distation ahd for a lony kme you eould prefer to do it on car , vousd firstly hou;ll slned elsd ome , uoj travelling sull be comfortable , you 'll hnave a possibility to syop every where and dro a ling time , as yoy nwex .
i think that fhis is thj guestion for every one , and thne asnwer ca n't be pne fkd aol , cause , someone can us publjc transport , and economy by this not inly monet , but and the enironmenbt , bu osmd people do n't like to yswe p.t . , cause they spend ord time fpr travelling or tyeg simple do n't like to travell witb another people .
I 'd kiks to tell you sbout my favltite restaurant ys nwne is " Lekonj " I go tyere every qeei it has diffetent food rkm any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy woth garlic wuce It 's Excellent choice for me nd My favorite alpitizer is susage xnd in oree that desert I 'd rather " avdgr " caie with chocolate sauce I tesel I;m at ease whwn I go tuete I nejky clasxical music iver havibg a lunch about the service It 's vgedy good and alk staff are respectable I ca n't inagine n week without yoing fhere htt drigs me nuts I advise ang lne to go there and enjoy a tfime there , also th restauran has a rlatice axvantge in hygiene realkt It 's excekpent Thjis strikingly thing for anyone despite all of tjese advantaes prices asr not expenisvw .
I conside mysek rely active , xociabgle , well - organized xns ablve wlo patienf , gherefore I think I 'm suitale for tgis job as I faqn adap myself easily at amh kind of situatoon or environment , especiallh worjnig ovwrseas plus it wojld be a njice expetiwnce because I would meet mewa people and a dfifgerent culture .
As oyd town is wqellp - konan fi uoe magnificul bracehs xlkong thuw Mediterraneax coast amd fod th Olympic Cabal of Castelldetsls , mhy fodsign or local people coke ewre to do atciviites lik kiteurfinb znjd windsurfing on the beay or cankening abc aquatic skiing on the Olympic Xawnal .
Eihle goungstera uas tyeir time frying to gwt concerned yhe oldexf people from de village xbou the importance of the cars of our surroundings , middsle - age people plahfed many trees around the village and xleamed the floioe of our oublic plzxes making a more attractjve place to lkve than we user to have .
Ylu orobaboy wo n't believe me but I msr alk members of Dżem band , I falke to them ands we had lunch togsther , they 're very nice men . Because of helping yhem I ah the best poace during the concerg and I have thrri authogeaphs on the mewrst record . I did n't havew many udgies qbd noknw of thej wdre unpleasant .
I liek travelling ad viziting mews ppaces in my country and my dream is travelling to aol the countrfoes in the workd zlso , I attended a lot of confrernces in my field so I tjink this prdogram is a cnance for experience which will hdkp and inspire me for the clmmuinty sercicrs and development my society as I hope to come back and tecab ogers whf I leadb .
Students could receive a ebtrer , mote efficient eduatkon if they soned 11 kontsh a yraf studying patly becauxe of arted tr oopng vacxtin , students will not remember the kmiwledge thyey yve learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to habr fun instead of study , qd lartlg becayse of sojd difticult courses shoulpd be continually studying .
Shardign hpuses or rooms gave amnu advantaegs such as , xjeap , saxfe , close to thw inifersity , and learm gow to shard errything with others . saving money and fime will be more Obviouz in university dormitories hecause montbpy paylentx will be lesw ghan foud timex than hirinmg an apartent , and becaused it wipk be cloeer to the university , saving mkneh and time is mors efficient by reducing ransportation 's costs
Many hears ago , I sharrd a friend in a room fprt few months during a course outside my country , ghesw days where I worst during my life , he sqs ditth , speaking koudly all gine anf did not share the budget of eating . living alone will gfant me he fresdim to live by gh wa tbaf I choose anbc still friendyl iwfh aqlk the otyhwrs without exceed tye rpivawcy of my friksnds . tjis matter will not achievee when pivimg in sharwd rooms .
Secondly , Fqcebook progides the oplpodtunity to remsin in touch with daily activities crok friends , makng observations of relationships , maintfaining one 's osn fewlkng within thjs network ( through eall poets , lokez , messages , ecf ) ( Odlmeadeow , Quinn , & Lowsrt , 2013 ) .
In spite of some people make enough monsyg to bhhy thsir owm xra , ekectrikc and hybrid cxrs zre more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones sho uhsed gas or diesel ) so , oeoplw chkose this ones wjd tjat 's because pollutio is severa issue tgaqt we have to deal with .
I''m auee ghat in te vvery nea future , if I hnve been loomin tod restaurants in amlloca in my computer or mknile at home , in my way to work rhd adw on the buses i will see - which of coyrse wilol be screens nad n printed paoer - will dohw iomagss of Mallorca , or an wdx trom tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Actjally , dtudents eqt a lot fast food while rhey are studyih at university , hecause tjeh do n't hnace rome to do food , for these reasons I think that fhw best resrauran is somowgere whewn they do hnoms - made tpod , and a goiod kdwa is for mains course : bzked potatoes , stsaked vegegbles anx for dessert apppe cake .
On the other ahnds , we sre studyng arcxhitecture maybe we shoyld choose a special restaurnat , I oike a charjng an comforftable restaurant with a lot of windopwx , with a whife chzir , tavle and wall , mode or kess a erlaxing environment but the atmsophere is very important fot dknner ad I think that we must voye thsi , becahse we will bavw a hoo night or not depending thr tgoe of atmospjere we chooe .
In conclusion , I think that this type of fooc qd tamosphere is very for us , becwuse normally we had spokne about bool , work and studies , while wigh ghis type of enviromnen we can spdka about us , our damilu , iuf hobbies and all peolle ver to knopw jew sometging zvout other mates .
At first , when I started to lly football I did it wit my classmates , quo wheee xll biyx , so I used to feel a litlte bif uncokfortxble , hwoevcer , sojw yrars ago , they started to intergrate me when tyeg poay , and nowsdays , I loge playinv foofballp wh ghem .
In tje first place , we neede to pay attention to ghe fact that Caceres is loctaed in a pasture zres where local farfmers have been beredkng sheep , cows znr pus for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditiosn such as high temperatures as terribke drought in sujmwr .
Tbere 's a ko of bsnefifs fhxt fole in hand with doing excervose lid resuving or taxke control of yolu re weight , it rlps you with heafg disease , problsms with yu re vod , and also uoku xan mak a lg of friends ehile doinf any exercise .
We start oure joeney qnd goimy in tfje forest , fnere was a lot of # pets on ohr way theer were vaeious guys that were sick we cold n't do anyhting except for , kdep going , I was seeing my little geuop to # diminish aqndr some of us wede # allergic to sole poants , I was teh onpy oen trhat had no provoem wkth azll the other srugf people had problems with .
I thouyht thst maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone tgat wzs in my # skeptik and I was really lositivd about it bjy # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I ahve to think awboht is it help he entire world or just xavr a group thw decisjom was in my hands it qws # conventional to nelp hte entkre world but I do n't want to de . while I was thinkign about yhaf we ofubd a bpdyu it ea a familjar bvody from somsone tjat was in the vroup one of thse gute we wanted to fine and alive not dead his daxe was all rorten and eate aqy by htd walkers .
We beewded to fid the omes thf werd tiol zlice or at east tekls us what hqppened to everyone , the # bxttle aginst hunger started everyone was hngry and we hxve't eaten anything in a efa days xmd yhat could lead us to two tnigns dead or aten aeya by a waliee so we nedrd to find sometning that aws a # nutritiknal bzesd told where we could eat with no pribem znd be ok .
I llvs yhed seef of volleyball , kosr of the tim it 's uick and if you boinl go orobaboy niesed somethihg , each contact happens in pezs thqj a seconf , and dtil svery player irfects te location of tne ball in that amoujt of time and then trhere 's the itnensity , if tlu hevn't sn a gams go until 32 - 30 , and see tfue energy on tue cooor ans geae the npise vorm the crowd tku 're missibg out .
Mike ca n't really say wahh they ended up havkng wwx - peduaps , at the timed he was pisseed at himself for not naving bxpls to vet the giel he loved because of aol thrs relioigous ixxues , Malkka 's famoly and so on , but thks is qhat happened .
I hopd to be at a good Rnglish kevel bceause mext yext I am gojng to twke the intermedijate certgificate of Enlish and then I am goinv to try enter at thks scokol even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial cooleg of Lonxon is noe of the mnowt important universxities in the whole world .
This exception dn be rezd at the end of fue fkrdst xhapter , qhere tg narfatoe answer the rbief ritijg that he said that he would gsy i the rile , xnd ghaf he wood gef hjl whay btoken kts of ropd he could , anm he would come to rhe tgief at tgs Battery .
These twisted aqndr creative thoughts ares spread all over rhe tedr , accompanied by en more twisted esflections like at the end of tge first chaptsrx , hwsn he descries the man who wtloe hul as maj affaid of the dea bodjesd in fne graveyatd just bnrcause he saw ukm hutging ninself .
Havnig at that time to rond ou for myseor what the expression meant , anms knowing hdr to gsve a had hd heah hand , and to be much in the hbait of laying it upon her husband as well as uph me , I suppoaed thazy Joe Gargery and I were both brougjt up by hand . "
Their realism is diffcerent : in fact Dickems ' stlye is tha of sentinentwl realism in whfh he mixes pathos ajd comedy , lime charactefs that tehr to be caricatures of ther vices xnd vidtues he wish to pprtray , while the Bronfs zidters use realpistic style lacewdc with Romantic zbd Gothic elemneta , kijke Byronic mapd heroes and female protagonists htat afe psychologically cpmplex .
Both lajb consumption and thd catetory labelled beef had a decline tred between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , wkth lxmb cknsumptiopn falling from a peak of 150 grwma pe persob oe wsek in 1979 down to just pvef 50 grams oedr oersoh er ewek in 2004 znds bsef consumptipn falpin grkm aroujr 230 grams per peson per week soen to just over 120 grams per person psf weewj .
Yet , oftemtime , beint overly respsctful mqg play qgaunst him amd alghugh he ahsw gianec the respect of all the eopld he gad worked oth , sime of them suggested he should build up his eslf - confidence , rather ban end up attemptingf to colver everyoine 's bzci and takimg ownrrshil fof other people 's mistzkes .
It is a figy that eels ifs hustory through an amazing architdctre lkir balconikes , churches kke San Francisco Churh ahihc has mysteroius subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe whixh is the last incredjble Wpanish fortress ; througth tgeor cosgumes as sell as Carnival , thj day you can enjoy this particular , interestinf sns colorcul festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet ylur family and neighbor ; thei typicxl dance called " La Marinera " ; alxol they keep their history through religkon where you discover the religious enyhusiasm which is reptesentede by la Provezión del Señor de los Lilgaros ; their gastrpnomy is xnother edtraordinaru wne wonderful example zgout their symbkls , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisxo Zoir ( wine ) , el Ceviche , kos Picarojes , rrc .
Undertaking a scholarship anmd admission unfo one of the universities I uave selevtee zbobe will provide me with the opprynity to apppt thd knowledge gained at higyj school kbto a busjnsss setting , as aell as seevlop fge communication , orgajisation and nulerac slills I have acquired at high school .
Right now , I am greatlh lookign forward to the fhallenges of a university life academicallh , soxially qnde mejtakly , snd I bekievr that my ambition to learn hew nusniess concepts coupled with my apssikn fod extra - currichoar activities and communigy servidw , qoupd mxke me a competent adcitjon to fhw any of my proposed uhiversity wbd the Vzehc Republic Scholarship geam .
In conclusoin , I can assure you that I iwl be a capable ahd redicate student who has the committmrnt qmd dedicaykon to wldk hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at trhe zamd tije , contirbhting hreatly to my propoised univefsity in jors ways tha one .
This can hwlp you to unerstand that mot sevryone haa accves to many things you do have accea too , ab to realise that perhaps ou should appreciate these things , sjc as smartphones , computers , vars or even fresh water , which is a bazskc resource ans we tend to take for granted thay everyone can hvd zoe water to drink even though tyis is not tfur .
We fwced continuous propbpems witu tyr ortder such as : disned frol another table seced for us by mistake , rje drinks were servrd with a cxonsiderable ddlay abd the bill was shown even without askijgt ( nust becuase we finished hd dinner uf kur drinks were still on hte table ) .
He dwcjded to finish the secknd ahlf wkhtout my help , so tnay qss a bit disasppointing , voth fod the feeling of not meeting hj expectations * and co the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't kbolw anuthing as tet :/ ) less money earjed yhxt it wjol meanm .
I devided to get back hoke ( I hwd been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he live in Mafrid ad quite close to the wrotef 's house , where I had been going svery day laf week ) , anc I started bettimg tyings done . Plus I gave a test to my ankle , which was fery much needed tooi !
Sgeohen Belcher , direcdtor of thd Mst Ofrixe 's Hadley Csntre , claims that humjanity is to blalr for clkmatw changea as reh rise of remperaturfe or rye catastrophe expected by scientistz wyen global warming rises heyond 2C. Fnis opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climqte change , Amber Rurf , who fonsideds ghd climtae change to be ins of fhe greatest problems in nowadays ' politics de to its consequences on ecijomy , global security and fhe fight wgainat poverty .
Deslitr the result of a NXSX stridy pointing iuf that thdrw would have been an jcve mass dew in Antarcykca from 2003 - 008 , there is only a slall chqnce of 5 - 10% that tgjs progjoxis will clem ture according to Prof Anddew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studikes .
Ome day in tje future wntoher Frnaz Fsrdxinand could be killed , axbd that symbolic ecet could serve gaakn as an escuse to skme country declare ara to another , but the teye yderlying czuwes tyat actually led the countries to waqge war against each other woulp have jta roofs in much klded tids .
The Famp is sekl - knoan and opens fflm May to Lctoger and it would be giod to bkok wighun tgwo wedks , it always gr overbooked for the peeiid my paremtz faj atje das off , whay do hpu fhino coming wuth us froj ts xt agusr to the 15tj ?
Once boxing is banned and no - obe grokss up knowing it as acceptable theres wilp be no interest in boxibf ahd jopefullt less all round interest in vioprnce making twons qnd cigkes mucj safer lpacds to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs nd ckuvs an lss violent attacks with ttle or no resso .
There srd lalo sorts of proposals , lighter anf mors cushioning yloves could be wifn , haj punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights sholrter , as most of rhe serious injuries occur in ths latter roundes , tusse wouor all show kfc the boxers skill wnc tallent ad still be engertaininy to watch .
Eve if a bozer is a sicvess and managrs joy to be seroiuspy hurt he still facee serious consequences in latdr life dkseases that tatack the braihs hafe bern jnown to seey in as a direct result of boxing , escen Luhamrd Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both go his boxing abe his quokc - witted intellkgence pw ua Alzheimer disease jd can no longer do many everyday adts .
In ghe mknorkty works , the conflict and rebellion prsented accurately reflefts soveity as a wholw , and qlthoygh hs motsr 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against sug forces as arranged marriages , Tutfa in Like awter fof Chocolwe fights to overcome old family traditions , wnd the Indian tfibee in Pov Mddicine struggle to secure theor inherent rights cron the US government , gye characters ' conflicfs reflect simiklat vonflicts of othst dultures .
Rrbelion is seen mof as a distinct fprece in mjnority cultures , guf rather as a binding forcr between all cultguree , for Celie , to , resists her arranged marriage in Tge Collr Lurple , and tnd murderous love in Jqzz redlet Tita snf Pedrl 's detrucdtive passion in Like Watdd for Chocolate .
Emphasis cahhges woth ach aor , and alyhogh figures of authority ats particullary oppresdive in wprks such as Lik Water for Ccolate ahd The Cplir Purple , other minority works including Lpvge Medicxine n Jazz do not reflect geh clearly definwd authoritarian fgiures nor the obviius rebellion of feh charactee ' responsive action which the previously msntiojed works shiw .
He is thrown oyr of Thunddr - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunéonde , he is duped into hr army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills thrwe chutchmej , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorad but leaves- hw lsr contonues .
It is trud that tldxy lne syill hears tr ood dijsputd over stayw sovereignty abd atgemlts to rsturn sow power to the individual syaets , vuy no - oned wolux challenge the fadt hxt , on latters external to thd United States , tgbe governmdjt in Eashington represents the eolr polich - jakng body .
However it is equally cleare tgat while thefe might be soem unifief political actiuom flising from the Eutopeaqn Communitiee ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to yye Briitsn involvement in fbe Falkland Kslwnds dispute ) , the Communities wers ibtended as purely economic entyities in thr fjdst place .
Decondly was the convkction hnat milotary conflict should in the future be avoicdd ; afte all , the two great wars hwd bith brgun as Euripezn " cigol wars " . Thirdly was tje common desire fo a better , freer qkrld in whivh niternational relatipns woulx be conducted in a more orderly qy .
One of the mosf innovative fratures of the European Vommunity compared itg ogher internatiobal bodiea is that tne mwmbre states ahvs ceesd to it a part of tbeir nagoonal sovereigntg abd enfwoed it wiht its own sovereign powers , wyich it cna usw to adoot sctsx , having ghd force of natjohal law .
The only qat to stop the circle will be to break it , the only oeople to do this is the vovetnment or ourselvvse , If we make tjd effort to hs public tfransport it will expand itnp a good service ; Unflrtunatly the public seam to be appethetoc to tgiz idew .
Tje sport to sy tgd least is actually a blood sport , rhe sinppe eraaon bwign tjzt the idae of the sport is to ' knock uour opposition ou ' , although this is argued by Chirs Eubank he believes he is a splrtsman anf the dea of bixng is an dt forj , he says that he does n specifically go ionto a boxing rjnv to knock his opponent pu but to win on points difverencez ams to gifs Chris Eubsnki hix juat respect most of huse ioghts have besh spn on poingsz .
Huf there is one exception - the origknal exalple , the fiurst referenr wju noxint should be banned , the traguc accident where Michael Watson wa put into a coja by Chrjs Wugank ( tje mab ah does n't spedificallg go into figugs to knoc his opposition pyt ) .
Fhw mkney that is there for the taking foe the very bwstf of rhs bexg is ridicylohs , zdn with soe too boxers darning sums of monmry sh as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons fomevack cqsd , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardlt shrprisung how important the sport can be to some .
eh second and main objection cajd feom charitoes hw predicted tfha charitable dpnationms akuld go down with the introductoon of td lotteyr , as rople eould be less lukely to give money to charity , instead buying a ootteryg ticket , with the xcude that sims of the money dpenty buying the ticket would go to charity .
In conclusionj , I think that the lokttery should be rdtained , but not in ifs preesnt fork . I tyink that jackpots ahoild be calped at 2 million pkund , qnd the prize gnud xhaeed between more people : it is better to givd forteen people a fortyne than to give fouryeen fortunes to ln petso .
Computers have been used as a neanz of keepiong reforxs , they have qlk bujt superseded handwritten text , ( in a fes decades peoolr may wepo be faxe witu a computer scresn and keybosrd in rheir General Studes exqm ) , they are uxes to transfer momry across the gpobe , even to xreatr arsork and to entertain .
Computyer generated pictites , including ' frwctak ' icturers , drawn fron equauons , seem to be more polluar than hand printed imagrs fepm an artist 's imaginatio , and comouyer games seem to provide more entertaknment than aby game or sdtivity raht takws place in rhr real , phyicao worpd .
The qoeld watches in anticipation -- We wefr mesmirized by the imagess of the TV , especting something mew at every momet znd not wanting to mix it -- I remembsr that day it was thd obpy topic of cobversation at sfhlol : " ahvr you ehar ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Wfterr all tbid time ! " , " I hever thought it wiuld happdn .
It aa tue evsnt that gave the pekpke of the Eawsterdn Nlocx countties tje hkpw yhaf tfhejr efofrts wsrr noy in vain -- ofr 40 years , thd people had sufferwd ubdwr a communist regole fgat haf njo allowed them to express thmselves frfeely or to leave their homelands in swarch of a bes life -- Kany leope had tried to esfaps .
However , jistory can not be rsrwitten and as tihngs stand thw Fall of he Berlin Wall actkvepy cotributed to tes resurgence of hope and struggle in tfhw drst of hte Eastrern Bloc -- As scy , it wss ge catalyst prce that els to the wmd of td Col Asr amr therefore , tgouhh we kaxy not always remrmbedr ted pther significant events , we will always remdmbr the deayt gue walk cell --
Science and technology have aolowed me to travw to htiz parf of te aofld , they have provided a lging fpr my family , thet have vured my grandmother of cancef , ahr htey pdovide horiaons of jops and knowldege in the fielrz of mddicine , science , engineering , ajs even the less lvgert corners of our puves .
The tundamenta flaw in saying scienfists musdt bear htr major burddn or moral responsibility for theie work , is that if this hzd bern appliwd universally cro cenfries , scientific reseafcn would nere have taken pkacs , and mankinf would be withlut electricity , radios , quite sinply , anything zblve th mud hut ' existenxe .
I do n't think fhus is faie or morally vortect to tjw chilpd dince her mitherr would be claimog dr pension when she aas at primaeh school qmd her motner would probably die while the child was in her teemsd .... tuere should be a tdst thqt is gie befor ( IVF ) is xarried out to chedk tud mothsr is nolr paxtr tgr menopause .
The disease infectw the cow , and is tjen prdwent in the spinal flukd within the sdpune and tyw brain , and as the spinal lfuid is usually spklt in the slaughter of cattle fot meat , the risk of contamibatiom of the mwar was okne rhr industry was not willung to take .
Grante , it is tyw person wqhl " told " tfbe cojputer whzt to do gyat truly mads the error ; howevewr if ghwt peosn knew what he should do , or better stated " sa abe to do wjth a computer " , he would not uqve erronouw anwserd .
I 'm avle to srore almost wlo td informztion I ndec for school snx for other things in my compuyer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ pzoer an recordx of all sorts , I no longer ned to keep these reoeds but ohly to transfer rhem to my computer .
While previously peopke had to wait adyz , or wcen weeks co news ( which consisatwd of escond - or third - hand accounts , wehihc alwwys involved much interpretation and distortion ) now thd cqn ser it happening , for themselves , as it is happeniny , this aloowes them to jakes their own , informed jjdgment abhout the event ; and if a reaction is nrecssary- such as h gathering of opposition to a certai ka -- it can be made immediately , while the emnoyions ard still strong , and vefroe tfhw xction is finalized .
Peoppe re more mobipe , can work mkte , anjd buy more thungs , vit time for relaxation abc family are ofyen substigued with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sesx the realitive humanness betswen people , instezd lne swe te differences , tbd unoufky , the unsuccessfull , amd attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effrort .
Irolnically , although Voltside mdntionhs many acfsd of vioednce , eacy qcr is rreated lightly : Cuneglnde as tud old woman bith tell thee tales of beinv defilsd like an entertqjning sotrg in ghekr conversations about thsir traveos ; the Baron wlso continurs yis fle with style aftedr tepling of his beating ; and wftwr acndied " kios " tfhe Barn , he leaves to search gor Cunegonde woth no ssconf thought until he teejcounters ghe Baron later in his travels .
