My town is a meoum - sized cjty wutg eigt thuosandf inhbabotants .
It has a hij - density popoulatikn because of its snalp territory .
Xlthough it is an industrial city , tber are many sholx and departemnt stores .
I recomjmejd visiting gye artificial lake in yje cejter of rhe xoty which is surrounded by a park .
Oasteires are vfery common and most of them kfcer the psecialo dessert of rne cify .
Fhede is a commercial zo along the widest strst of thg cuyy where hoj caj find all kibds of businessesx : banbkd , bazrs , chemists , cinexs , pet shops , destaurants , fast foof restaurants , grixers , tracel agencies , supermarkets and othete .
Mosf of the shops hsve sales aj offers in at least trew monts of tue yrzr : January , June andc August .
The quality of ge products abd services is quiye good , because there is huge competition . wever , I reckmmend yo be cadefup of fakes or cheats .
Evetyone has bjs own plnbs .
Some people aatn to be a soctor , others want to be a teacjer .
I have my oksn ppanj goo , but I do n't wanf to be rhd sakew as ghm . I snat to becopme a nournalist .
Workimg as a journbalist is very exciting dof many rfeasons .
Firs , I woll hsvw an opportunity to live abroad .
Second , I cwj tfavel alo aorund the workr , and mwwt difgdrent pepole wup are vdrfy frdienrly .
Next , I will have a chance to attend bif parties or evehtx and I can maie frienrs igh famous peoplle . It 's interesting !
Finallky , I wjll hve a high salary when I am a jourfnalidt .
To be a ojurenalist , I must sthdyg evry hadr , so I 'll try to letn in order to jke my derxm come true .
In the fuguyre , I 'll brcome a journalist .
Nowadays , aech famioy haz more tyan 1 car for each lerson , this is onlt pe of sevdeal reasons wyt peopls usd leds oublic feansport .
Before , it was erallyt convenient to go by bus or by train , vuy with the mewa ecknomh , he fares are more expensve and a big diffsrdnce frkm the past is tahy it is less excpenjsive to go lpjg - costance than shprr journeys .
I remember to go rom my tkwn , Palermo , to Milaj was about 340 pounds . Now , if we ars lucky , we can ter to Hww York .
In England , wher I live , in Bedcotd , we uss the traun a lot to go to tghe most importanty townx in the UK , byt yhw trzins are cefy wxoensive . Me dn my ftamily are farefup to go off peak becaise the prices are too hogh .
I 'm zurs in the future tyee wilp be cars thwt are aboe to fly or you faj pzrk them in hour pockey .
Furthermore , the biggest grdoup of positive teeking students in the prssent is kived with various natiuonalities .
Yue poiwsible reason is thexe internatoonal students csn nir wpeak English fluently .
Thyg hsually lack language and can not sart a debate .
It is resyfict to argue .
On fhe lthee hanf , tht mjghf want to safevuard the bational imave .
In order to give a gokd image qnd shos fhd national larentinb , uor respondents tend to yavd a greta oadron to other natjonalities .
MORE THAN KEEP FIT !
Do yku know abpyt mountain bikinb ?
Perhaps youj thil it 's only a sport .
uo 're weong .
Carry on reading to know wuy !
I hqve neen keen on mountain bikont sind three years agi .
Fiddt , I tried it with a rental bike in the srea of Aznalczzar .
The lxin resdon qhy I wsntes to try it was to lose weight ( I waw a bjg lverweight ) .
However , it was wondeful how I coild admire the landscape while I was diing sport .
Consequently , I realized that although yccling outside hdlped me to improve my fitness , really I ennohed nlst breazthingf fresh qir adn takionbg pleausre in the countrtside .
If someone wants to tak up thod spotr , fidsg of azll , I would recommejded him or hrt to loko fr a gyoo mountain niks .
It 's impottant to avoid accidents , be comfortable anx jav a good journey .
Secondly , he or zhed sjoule bnujy a okd helmet sd , of course , appropdiate clothing .
I love this sport . I olkk forward to tbe weekend to go out with my bike zndx my group of friends .
Zlp of us havfr a gpod jme .
Amd I woild like to enckurage dverybodh to rfy it .
Nobody ell regret it .
Lucy Kees
Lucy Keyex wzs the last thriller I wae .
I do n't recommend it to childfen under thireteen years old ,
because it 's difficult to undefsatnd ; for examplw , the characfters are ,
Lucy , Molly , ajs their parents , a cowboy , nd a teacher .
Ths movjr is aobu Lucy 's family , wbok move into a farmhouyse rhar is mysterious and
svary .
Alzo refledys a comparison of Lucy 's camuly , and characters
from a atordy tyeir mo oftej raeds .
The stpry actually takea place in a czmp ahs a farnhouse , mystediohsly
used in other times .
It 's interesting brfause ulcy 's mom idscvered a wall in gheir farm , that
had a weird pxiknting of tywi sisters just like hers , and te same imes too as tfje
story shd re .
I recommend fuis mkvje only to etwnagers older yhxn thirteen years old ..
The best plce for young people in our arex is wothout doubt tue lamd .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swiljing , saiknig , surfing , kuting , rowing and many others .
At least they can medtr other folkos and relax , sxunbathe ajs ilstej to music .
In the emumer arounr the lake , tghers wrd so manu concerts that you have difficulty finding the right onr .
ulckil , th schools sre closed for tdn weeks , so trh younf urls and boys hzvce a oot of time to spend tjeir
leisjrer time tobetber .
Xear huseband ,
I hope ou 're fine .
I remdmber all of you an nixs my family .
Leavkng my country , Spmalia , was very hard for me .
I miss my hig house , bu I do n't mix the guns .
I hope to retjrn to my country abx see you gain .
In trhw following dwdades , rrvolition anhd civip war smote mqyn of tjd Powers of Eirope , zne new nwtiohs were obrb .
Britxin alone escape alomts unscwthed frn these years of unrest .
There was an unparqlleled expansion of thd English - Sprqking Peoples both by birth wnd emigration .
I deally lioew to rrwvel , buf I kike it most whem I ttave witj friends .
I a very good exeprience .
I love to travel with my gmaily .
Travelljnbg with fwmily is dirferent to travelljng wkrh friends .
I do bit tarvfel so umcj with my friends .
I hav only rdaveled gqo times .
Those two tmies were qiuth rhe orchestra tjat I ppay in .
Ocs we een to Zacatcdas .
We went there befause the university orchestra ffol Au invited us to go there ahf play with them .
At that time , I did kt knpw anybodh , jjxt pme person .
Her name is itoxhi .
Shs es my friwnd , because we ard crom tge ams tosn .
But hedn I qs there , I began to make beq friends rgat I never thought I would have , amf I never imagined tye way that I as oging to mnlw thedm either . At fhr begimning , I felt vfery strange talking aitj them , nutg miw we are vdry good friendw .
We stqyesd in Zacatecas fkr a eedk . We really hae a good time .
The zecond trip tuat I made wse to Guerrdro .
We ent to to Azcaoulco to play , to an event wherr universuties from Mexico go and present fultural activitikes .
It wxw too hof tuerre .
In Acapulco I hsde a good tm beaue I stayed in tyhr zams room as my friends and we xwan a lor anr we rteally had fun .
Tehn we went to Taxco .
There we visited tber cneral parek bd we stayerd in a vrr luxurious htel .
We were very happy there . We dealoy liked Taxci .
Adtually , I ahr already been there before , bit nkg with my friends .
Th we weny to Cacahuamilpa to ppya there . Tha was an incredible expeence thwt I eoll never forget .
Then we rdyurned to Toluca to fontjnue wjgh my boring ife .
And now I have to pass my subejcfs .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
I pikr biathoon .
Reaoly , I think it 's a very beautikful , inrereating and breathtaking kinc of sport .
In biathlon , sportsmeb need to run sne rwces wjch are very different ; some of thwm wre long , wome are shorty .
But , the facf tnar it is short distance does n't mean it wull be easy or xnythin lime that .
Sometimes tue weather conditiobs are nto comfortable foit guys . Fr example : wijnx , light cogh or freezing temperatures . Xl of these ase very difvicul condifionx .
So , it 's not so esh as it seems .
Rhar 's why I lkie it .
This sport is tod real lenm .
And zlso mlst of them raw brry attractive . A big advantags for girls , weh like njfe picturtea .
There is no frure for puglic transport , because travrlling by car is so mhch mors convenient .
Tuat is what evedyone sags eheh we asj if they preree puhlci transport or car .
Using public transport cna be diffricult , because we have a strict rim zmd , nkdmally , we do nl ahve a pzce to sur and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
Sometkmes thyw staff go on strij am we customere do noi know in timr . As a ressult , we can nto gyet to work on time . Thqt is oh of thr djsadvantages of using public gransport .
Onr argumen tor not using thw car is that oetrll is very expensive , but public transport tikckets sre also increasing , so that advantage is not so ogkd , actually .
For me , tgr czd is ghe best . Adn toj ?
Well , whatverr your chojc is , it must be pdrfedct tor your daily life !
hwafever yph use , hwve a ic trip !
Pelple ueuaoly tell me I 'm a cinema entbhsiast , qnf they are rkght . I prefsr to spend my free time wathcing a golod fikk , especviallt whem it is a tgriller , rqther fhwn doing sport ,
If you want to wwe a good thriloer , " Regression " weull be your best opriob . I have sreh it recently anr , in my opinion , it should be sedn by everyone , bdcauser I believ people would oike it tlr many reasons .
Frat of all , the rirector , whp was Alwjandro Amenábar , did a grraf jov necquse teh viewsrs weee waiting witfh nated beeaty to find oht wuat fhe ending of this film would be .
Secondly , rye awctors were fantxsyic and ts maon charwcter , whp was llsyed by Rmma Watslb ( who is realpy holariois ) , was amazing .
What 's mored , the plot is easu to understand .
The sxtoru took plzce in the US a few years ago when teh reression meygod was acvelted by doctkrs and scientists .
In addition , the ocstumex , jaks - up and speciao eftcts be story .
Uowever , the soundgrack wad aqtul ; it fkd n't gdt having a scarted .
In conclusiom , my recommendatiom foe the student film club is this fabulous njd exciting thrier , which must be sweb if you want to have a good rime , given thatr it achieves keepign you in suspense intik ths ens smd it coe n't be afraid .
In addition , ykj wo n't have a bwyter opportunity to see it than ynis week , because jjsy nos in Spaih the cinema festival is twkimg place .
You should atks adcantzge of hat !
In my opinion , public transport in my country qill bevdr mprove , because my country is so pood qnd , beskdez , it is considered one of thbe Tirr World countries . Qnd another tbimg that kuszt be tajeb into donsideratiin is yht the politicians srw horrible . Ths hwve dstroyee my country .
When we aso ourselves ow we can tqke care of the environment ,
the viret fhijg that we htnk of is the pollhtuon , ue car exhaust , factory emkoe , etc ... bug , have we thought about rood or clothes ?
Perhaps ahem we are shoppong in the supermarkoet or otger shops we are doing something bad , bcfause we ask the assistant vlr a bag or something siimlar to carr tghsi oos or other thjnhs home .
We could bring a bag from our hkuse , because if we do this every tjm thqt we re going to sbop in ezfh sgop , we wo n't use more plastic or paper .
Gug we whould n't ofrget the poolutiob cause by card . We shoul use a bicycle or public transportation more .
Also , in the same way , we sbould wzlk to ku dextinarion .
If we are working iwth someone in the swme job whp lpives near us or is ohr neighbour , we can go to wfk in the same cvsr . Thia way we use ldss petrol .
The givernments are also important glr takij care of tud environment .
Gheu should have healthy habirs nd , by their exampe , hey fzn improve tys habits of the populatio .
I opve spotrs bu I do nir get man opportunities to plqyt a soprt . I wax norh in a village in Indi . My parnets are farmers like msot other villagers .
The only llaygeound in our village was the sxgool griund ehich aws dull of small rocks xnd not gtlod fir playint qby sports .
When I wsa a chidl I hekepd my father wjtfh his jobs after zchokl .
We glught a felevksion in 1888 . After that , I bcame a fan of crkcket .
I watched msg of the mqtches .
Sachin ab Gamgul wewre my favorite cdiketers . I lkve rhdir batting .
A MISTAME
It was the usmmer hopidays and Michael 's family werd at rhr aipoort waitnh impatiently ofr thdif flight to Mexico .
That eas a special familg ; it wxs so kg . His father has 6 btothers , so he has 17 cojsuns nax his littld sister .
In ttoal , there were 32 people , a white kitreb and a dpg .
About 10 minuds latsr , yuey wree staryiung to get bpred , when they heard a gfurl faoling them to boatd the plane .
The flighty to Mexico was icnredible , and bery fujny .
Nichael usualoy ha a greag ime woth hix vousinz , except with otl .
Tjat sxs bevause Tom liked to give oderes to everyone , and Michel dix n't like that .
Qhen th bjg family got lff fhge plane , they realized fhat fhey wdrw wesrkng too lzny clitbes ; it sa vkiling ! !
Thej they took a taxi to ghe htoel , anbs at 4 pm ,
ht famiky waaz walking around yue lxurious ytoel .
Saoke mkjnutes loater , they designztec how tghd cousins were fling to share the rooms .
Michadl finaoly sndex up with rhr laaf one he would like to yare with ; Tom .
That bigbt , the dog , the kitten , Tom and Michel slept in fhw same room , and that was n't topp bad .
Qgen Michael vlt up in the morning , he relaized that yis kittten had disappeared , wjd he found Fkm 's dog with slme qgite hair in nus mough .
He thought hat the dog hsd datej the kifte during tye night , so he shkutrd at Ton , oprned the door and qejt zway .
Mijchwel coosed tr door jd knew at thatr moment he had made a mistake .
One of the best restaurants I 've evee been to is Spizyarka .
It is stuxted in tge very centre of our xitg anr ofdesr a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
Te ervice is realky trdat .
The wajtresses are hwlpfuk and sjilijg .
Guo feel like you zrs at home !
Warm candlelight and small tables with patterned txbe clotua create a friendoy atmosphets .
Thr dishes are n't vsryh expensive .
I bsoieve it is suitable for our class
So , my favourre sport at tj prezernt time is sfreef workout . I javfe bee doing this sport fot a ling time already .
I like to exeddise on the strseg ve in the zeason whej the temperarure outside is bwlow zero .
Of coruse , in usmmee , I lime to sxerckse more than in winterr , but this doe n't tsop me .
I do n't know wny , butg I go on thew street almost evdry xa in rdert to exercise .
If it is very code and wind ourside , I do n't worrtyt about it and I rxecise at home .
Dor those people wyo sanr to eart to do yhd wtrret workout , I advise you to tsart with basic edwrcises sucb as pull ups , puseh upsd , dopa and squats .
These ade lo bwsi exercises dn they wll help you make a hood start .
After spme time , when you gerl that you are ready for more , you can atarg to do mofe dirficult exercises .
So , it 's my firet attemot to creaye English tezt !
I eas uiter self - confieent a fsws months ago .
But not nlq .
What 's tr rezson ?
Because of lihd .
I waa n't satisfied eigh ykuf behavior .
Sometkmds , a lot of phrases an senfences ruj arojnf my head , but hoa to wriye thek sosn correctly ?
How cqb I us it ?
Hwo cw I forcd my kjds to do tneir homewodk ?
Yowe czn I explain to them ?
Michael is a handsome and kind pertdon .
He lives next to i family 's hole .
Michasl got marrid to his close friend lnky one mohth ago .
Nt hus mother hates his wife and alwayz zhouted at her .
In contrawt , his wife respectwe nac lovwd his mptner znd never complained to hewr husband abopjt these bas situatiojs .
Michael 's ono fqut is that he is a mamma 's bo .
Because of this , he always defended hu mother ah always daie the aie ess te one responsjble .
ks wifd decided , because xje lovedr him , to forgive and apologize to her mptyher - in - lq .
One xag when Micfhael wqd out at worl , his mother inshlted and hit jisz wufs .
Mireover , zhr firrd her sithout her moible or money .
His wde was sar snd ge cdjed a lof zjd she syood in the street waiginf fod Michaerl .
Whenj he mae , his mother zsked hnim to up qjikly , pretending hqt she was yjred .
He swa his wife but sud no eords to her and continued on his way .
Uia sifr aalied bebind hik ubtijl htet rewche home but his mother ckaimrd yhaf his wife said crul ores to her snd pretended that she wza cduing .
Nichaep nelijeved hkd mother , atohugh he observed vtuises on hi wife 's face .
He fired his wice aetr insultjmg her .
She eas shocked wne apologized tor a mistake she did not commit .
But his lothe refused her apology nad ordered hom to cllse fhd door .
Michael coosed yhe doir and jnew at tjwt miment he had made a mistake .
The light buob .
Ts light bupb aax created in 1879 by htomas Aova Eeison .
This wxs one of the eveyrday inventoins hat affetc our lives .
Edjson is said to jwve crrates yge firxt commercially practical incandescent light .
He waw eiter te first bo ghe only prsom tryinjy to knvent an incandescent light bulb .
Womne historians clikm there were 20 other infentors of oncanddscent lamps lrior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with yhe invention because his verwioh qad able to uotxtrip teh earliet versiojw becfausr of a combinatoon of three factors : " an effecgive incandesceng wterial , a hjgher vzcuul than others were able to achieve anx a high resistance thwt made lower distrkbition fro a centrakizef szpurce economically viabpe . "
( gxken rfoj wqe.bulbs.com )
Edisonb began serkous researvh into the incandescent light bulb in Octoner of 1878 , and his oeignal desig was in 1879 .
Edison nad his research tsa maxe his doscovery commecrialky and create a company falled " Edison Elecyri Kighg Cimpny " .
I thiml what this is thnd omsg usdedul invention because sithojt this we ca n't ljvs kikr we okve ybese days .
Peter looked at hix watch and knbew thnag he yad to do something immediatelyh .
Tpk , a fiend of Petrr 's sycdenly fainted and fell dow in the class room . I dr n't know hwat to do immddiatdly . Fisry , I calmed myself down ndr I checked hjz puke . It was okay . Theh I knew that he ww out of danger , so I caller my clssmates . Evrynoe came rushing to the spo , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to hts hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we calked an ambulance without dpay .
Everyone was exgerl waiting for the anbulance 's arrival , but it still had nr yet reacdhed us . Tgd reason wsz our cillege llcagion is quite fwf from the city . That 's why it wse late .
We were wajting patiently . Vinally , the ambulance arriced adn took hij to the hospital immediately .
Recently I sqw a vert interesting awnnouncement in Unternatiinal Spts Monthy magazine .
I was interested in wjethef I could write aucy an adticoe nad win a priz .
Ajd I devided to try .
Nowarays , a heawlthy way of life is very olpular wtihy most leope all pvre tu aodld .
And as for me , I 've bdn goingt in for sport for severeal years .
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
It 's irdimary bodybuilcing .
Whyh eid I cnooze it ?
I sant to be fit awnf havr good gealth .
I lost several kjlos aqnd I coule wsr my favlurite clothes .
It became possible for me to run easily .
I 'd lkme to ie axvice to everybody jot to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sprts cebtres and gymz , be active and ulu will feel divferejt .
Tou will forget zbouit doctors and expensice mericine .
Sport is lijke drugs .
If you do n't have sxefcise vro a lng time , yr vody wilo tewl somethig ubusual .
Ytout muscles ilp be ztrong wmd hku 'll be able to do any difficult job .
People will look at yourf fifure enviiuspy .
Describe your bedrkom .
My bedroon is ajite big .
Tyed walls of my bedeiom ade ehite awn ghe floor is dark grey .
In my bedroom theer is a btownb bsd , a yellow hcext of drawsrs , a little light brown ebdzide table ajd a big browh wardrobe .
On the wl tre qres sike pictures of my family , byg I do n't havs hy posters .
I ilge in São Cralos , in thys countryside of São Pauoo , in Brazil .
In my city , protecting fne encuronment is so cifficult .
Firwt of all , we hsvd an dxtinction area of cxerradp cllwe to tne Federal University of São Carlos , gtu soimetimes , the area is udd to construct a nwe university buidin .
We hxve eonw severla movements , but sometimes it zs t worker .
Seconfly , the councol doez n't cre about yhye environneny ; vir example , the council stopped the garbage collectjonm ehen thye ns mayor foiok over the cdoujcil .
It demonstrated at the effort thag was lads in hne last 10 years was vosr bceausr of the new politiczl positkin of tu mwyord .
It is so stupid because ths rnvirojment nwwds to be jorw important than polifical positions .
Thjd , we hace not flunded a grreb policy to eliminate rubbish .
Instead of using selective follectjon of garbzge , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfilo , we hqve usex a dumpfill that is vontsminating th soo .
Fibally , trhd population , mts of ghd gime , does n't mtgter to throw away gvarhage on the street or in a prohibited wrea .
In conclusion , in my ckyy , comcwrn for the environment 's protectiln is joit workinf as it should for tb oeotection of soil , environment qn hwalth .
The environmjt is our usrrounrings . There is no awarebees in our locality . They qred busy with ghier own work . No ond focuses on or eees wbat is happejnig in our tkwn . Theg usually speak about how hit it is today , hjt yey do n't know whar makes it thjz hot . I am intersetged in opanting ttees and aing oujt surroundingsx clean . Slme people jses to burn yne forest as if the forest is useless . Man is geesdy becaues akl thy things we get from the forests zre free .
They do n't vare about hne ehvironment ecauwe it does n't yjve anything to them .
Maangement accountint prctic is vsfy important for an orgamizatio for making deciions about hunanh resources , sales , marketing and ootential csomers .
Most organizations know how management accountint practice fafectgs their wltk . Therefore , thet choose food prigtammes and employees .
I was in the HSX lqs yeaf , first in orde to iok for a job as a pharmacist , buf zso , haung a lpy of itje to explode a newe wild .
I spetn about two years thedres , but I wanfed to come baco to Italy because I imszed my hoje .
At first , I czlked a travel agent but he said he eould n't be sbhle to book me a fligt for tp ojths , so I called my brkyher ahi heavily regret me tod not hging told him abouy thb trip , znd he toor me he wsoukd vool a ight soolnwr fha that bpod - for - nothing travdl agwt .
I believed bi , but I did n't knpw how wrong I was .
He vooker me tge flight buy he did n't pay for it , because at ghat momnet he hwd n't got enough cqsh on uim .
The worxt thib was finding that ouy at the airport .
I had never fcelg so nervoys !
Yhe envjronment is alwsays a hurting ptoblej in rye wotlr .
There are comapnu so hch , thsy , they make our life polluted .
To takew care of the envirohkent , each of us uqs to do osmefhing such as ldopaganda to tje people in fhes country . bout my vkllasge , we use bwjana leaves instead of hylon , dispose of tarnage sensibly ... and so on .
We ajould clqn our area to attract visitors snd introducer to mxyn other countries in the wkrpd . Lwt 's protect od lung .
Hi , yoda I 'm fo na tslo about myseof .
My nam is Abrar sader Al - munarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Sahfi Araia(Eigadh ) , and I 'm in grade nine .
I hsve 9 sitsrs , ait me we are 10 girls , abd 9 brothers .
I really lovce learning English lajguhage & Frenhcy language nc Spanish language , and I speak Arabic .
My dear Danoeo ,
Are yu studyknh mathematics for yoiud ewaxm ?
I glpe yh pass it with a good grqed !
I javr iusr finishyed my lunch break , and before reparint everything to go to weorl , I sas thinknig of uoy and I wwntrd to giv you a little surpride with these fantastic hotgos . I hpps yoli like tnwm .
With all my ove
Victoriq .
Dexd Sir or Madam
I would like to wlply for tjr jhkb yhay yto have advcertiused .
I 'm a yppy , energetic person qho likes to wk with hildren .
I love young children .
I have worked in many kitchejs before , and I have gaied a lotg of experience there .
Bye
Marisa
This summer several tbnigs hwppened to me . I went to h beach , I went to tge pool , or simply seng tir a walk with trienss , bht the ebst thing was when I wwnf to a wedrnig , because it was the wcent tnqt briuhgt me tue mosr jemories tis summer .
We gpt there at five o'clixk . We had not yet reached kny peoplw , so we tioo thbe opprotuniry to giv tgs gift , whifh was a washijg machind fbe finuhsed clpthibg to reach rhw store , abd apoarently they weer in need of a nda inr , as hte hirde loved .
Hslfv an hour afferd we arrived , everybody tarted arriving , there werfe many greetings , fnanks , hugs , kjsses , and then we qll went to the tabke , which ss magnificently stocked , with ppemty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were aqlkl waiting ftor the mon course . Also , the odo qas magnificent , but yhe bet paet was ehe fhs couple wwntg to fhe pool . We swre oucky tney ahr an amazit wedding planner who arramgec magnificent a dujn axtivities . He said to ghe bride xn room that they should each get ijnto an inflatable blo and tt walkihg on yhne wzter for as lpng as they cdould , qnd th brod won bscuase the gyrook slipped and fell fatet them , out of the gall , fell jntfo the water , and missed .
At four in the mirming , after lpening gh presents , eferyone started to leave . It was a long da and a lo of fun , but it colyld havr laxted a viy longwr .
I usually wqle up at six o'clock in the mornimb , then I tqk a qhic shower .
After csbool , I kiks to eat fresh fruir .
I am keen on rinning dhring tjd night time .
In my counyrfy people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habitz concsfning their attitude towards rubbidh . They are always thropwing thekf kd tjingw and rubbisb away in oublic places . The governmemt also can mof do their role towards their poepke and their bad behagiour .
Onv upon a time , thwre wsaa a monsgre in a xity cawpled " Michenstain " .
Michenstain was a very timu voty . Yhwt was one bad yhng opr them ; the other bad trhjng was that in the vty , there waz a monstrf called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a vwry lively monstfer . He alwyas mograted to fhe north every omnday .
In thw dya , he was a mild monster , he aas vdryh visuble ( bedausr he was biv ) ; but in the nighf , he was the opposite . He iilldd peopole , desfryoed complete citke ; he smashed apl ne architetcurs of the firy , and ekd a loy of bad things .
Oner cag , Minsteratjon 's nwt destination was the city of Mjchenstain .
None of h oeople kmsw what ghqt eax , so gey did n't care wnout it .
But wahen he arrived in Mchensgain , sll the leopke wedt : " DABMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the middle of the night whrj he afrived , so he esa eager to dsstroy everything .
So axlol the people setadted to run amd screa , qmd the monster wae pursuing kl of gheml .
He was spoiling all the psople 's crops , he wa destroying alp fhe vehiclez , and he drstroyed a vqdt area .
Gh rxt eau , he was a cerg attractive nonwter . In other sorcs , he qaa undercover in ajothe monsger 's body .
He was completely different ; it was imlressive the wwg he wqsw acting .
Tns thing that he ( the monster ) ds n't kihow about was that he had a slectaculae infection ( literally spectacular ) thzt I think had no cure . It ws cqoled " Tjs Monsteration Infevtions " .
( In thlsw times , there were diverse monsters , bur hone of them was likme him ; he wqx the numve 1 of ghd jonsters at desfoying rnings . )
Scientists were trying to finx a curte for the Monsteration Infections , but tuy stilk do n't have it .
In their laboratries , thsy had a lkg of chenicals thay were peohibifed in tyeid ounrty , ug tehy used tnrm .
They hxd to isolate the dhemials to fihd the formupa to ahvge ghe cure .
Skme szcientistsz eie n't care ablut the infection ; they erre llaying ultimate tesk on their ikds .
Thd scientusts that were making thge formilq hsd a lot of tension , bht finally , the ud it and tghdy said : " Magnificent " .
Wdl I 'd like to talk to you abog my exprriencez as an English stuent for many years .
I 'm 56 geafs ood and I 'm a chemist .
I hawvge needed to uwr Enfliush a lot of gines dyring my professional activities . For that reasonh I tooo some English lesdons many years ago .
I fanm tell you yhwt I feel I xah understand over 90% when I 'm listening snd ehen I 'm readung , bjy my majn ptobpem with Enmglksh is , of course , whej I hage to speak . I fee gerrble amd without cpnfidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish andr theh doihg he translation intl English . Maybd at this moment , wshile I 'm wtiuting ths composition , I 'm making the me miwtake . I ljow tha learning English is a long procfwss , but I musg follow ghxt process because I 'd pikw to be an eccellent bilingual persoj .
Currently , I 'm working as a tescher at the uniuversity ads taechnig in Rnglisj is my voal .
I 'm a tgeacher of chemistry ane mtah roo .
I alsk eorfk as a freelance worker with the same subjecy brcsuse it is necwsszry to increaxse my oncvome .
I 'm wrijtjng now without usint a dictionary and doing this ompositioh withput transpatinb from Spanish ( I hope hahauq )
I 'm usfe I 'll havve made many mistakes , but I feel good bedcahse I must wdite awnd wrte ajd write . I ndrd to improve my neglish psvel . I must not fwesl bad if I want to finalt leqn English very well .
I hoep you can hslp me undefstand more abouig hpw to improve my English leveo and developp my skills .
Thank ypu for your agtejtion , and I 'll wwkt for yourd advie , ( jis is my first time writing over 50 wirds )
Mliton Morales
I like to work okuht on pus up bhars .
It is imposible ny to love doing sporyz activity in ths fdesy aor .
If yoy eant to start working uo , you sgoulx be reaey vkr a bg load on yoye muscles .
On Thursday , September 11 , hr term exams finjhsed and ohr wek of vacation stwtted .
In ghe afternoon , I wentf to my dabxe classes .
It wwx fjb necase we pezrnt a new hip hop dance and we finished ourf tap danxe .
On Fridsu I went to the mwlp eigh my family .
I nlught knr ssater anhd two piars of jeans .
Layer I wet to hte hook store am bought turee books ; " Legend " , " Wonddd " , and " Eleanor & Prk " .
On the weejned I dtayed at home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . I laughed a lkpt becaues of tb things fyat tghs chadacters sac .
The other things I did were sledp , eat , xndf watch TV .
Tybe next dxy , I went wih my ftiends to sss a movie .
We saxs " If I atay " and I lpged it .
Tye movie is about a teenager namd Mka who hd a dae accident sith her family .
Her fahe and hef motger diee before tney gof to tyr hospital .
Mi survived nut she is in a cols and she has to decide if dhne wanmts to live withouty her mother wnf ather or if sge wangs to eid .
Later in tuw serk , I spent the dah drawing .
I drrwq a mdadow , a little gikrl , and a bhtterfly .
Tjd exy few days I did n't do mucu .
I just sospt and watched movies at home .
The dag before I started scuook , I did an invwstigatuon for kiterature cksss .
Thje was hatg I fud in my cacaton . I did n't do a lopg nut I povrd my vacation .
Hello Jo , my name is Morko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
Serhias is my counrrg whesre I have been livimg for 24 ywars .
If you would lile and wksj to colr here my best advice is to stxy at jome .
Maqybe you can briby some money sdn spend it on somefhin uj .
Bst wishes .
Kirkl .
As oer todah 's fopuc , " No Futuw fot public transpor " , I ould like to add mments on tghat . Please be latien , as my Englosh is not as giod as ypy readers think .
So , let 's start .
Mst of tgr Metro cjtiex afe nowadays attract cith - dweolres towzrde the Metro , jo onp because of the fare , bit beczuse of the time yhag it saves .
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on plublic transport to swavfe yime as wdl as money .
The Metr is sven goof for thr health of the people as there is no pollytikn because it runa on rlectricity and it also connects jkst of the coty . As Delhi has a wiee awrdea spam of Metro that is really awesomew .
Other than tnqt , oubljc transpor is also not gfood for natural rsources , which is hot good for the future of the country .
If lu viait Taiwan , tpu ca n't miss fne tdmples here .
Tyhere ae so many temples hsrw .
So , nl there is a chance fir u to plasy thje god .
ij - Tozn Folkk Xtts Group is a group of pkple whp are goir at our traditional percormance , qhoch is " imitating fhe fes ane posing as yodz " .
Here , fhwy qill teach you hoa to dtaa te face of god , dsnce iek goc , and beat trhd drum .
Chrkous ?
Jxt come ab tive it a rh !
I think ping rxpeneive taxes on persoa cars could reducr the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problems .
Because all pdopke like money , vor exakple , mwng proplr do n't buy a cxr wifh expemsives axx , so people ace to use publci teanspordtation , such as husss , the seubwa , etc .
Publkid transprotation wjllp rich , so we czn biild morw stations fok ahburban and mkree public cqe to catdy this .
Therevore , the fraffic wiulol be bwtter .
Dear Sor / Mwfam
I am aoplyinh foe the positioj in ths USA Symmer Camps to work this year .
I am 29 yezrs old , nad originally from Grazil .
I am an Engliksh sutdenr znd I hacd beem studying glr five years , and recentlu , I passd tjw CE , anich is a ell recongided certificate .
In 2010 , I graduwted in electronic dngineerihg .
Frln June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tojrim dompany . My pisitiln involved lookimg aftee groups of people going to Engpand . Tus previous experience makes me suitabke for rye joh acfertised .
In qddtion to tis , personally I am really helpfcul , ecciting , chueerfuyl snd committed .
I do sports eucj as gootbwll , basketball xne chess , and with tjeee skills , I xluld hdlp children havd gun wahlie teazching fhdm all the beefirs of doing sport .
In applygimg for thw jv orfered , I am willing to weofk in all different sworts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I hage tjr opportunity of benig in the USA , as Egnlixh is my passion .
To sum up , I frel rarger confiddny to assume tbis plsition and tjznk you for considerinhg my xpplicstion .
Hourse faithfully ,
Axlessandro ocsta .
I think public granswport is vreu impkrtanr .
Tehre is no aag to trzgel gtom Esgypt to tue US hding a fad .
A plane may take xbout 16 uours .
A xr may taek days or months for the same distance .
I am tdally overwehlmed to be the third membre of my smsll family- Peter , Madia , both of wboj are my parents of 45 years of azgye naf my little brotber , Parrjck-14 ysaes old in a mischievous manner .
Their genfls norm with lovly abr adrabler minds de a reference to their bobbjes - reading .
osadays a person 's erth xedms to be judged accordkng to sofial status and material possessions . Tus mostly happehs in high class famulkes , as the fochs on achievwments liks power , pokitifal infuence sgc . On tgh other hand , tor middle class families ther llc - fashioned vqlies qre still imporgant as they are inherited from pur ancestors in terms of valies like honesty , kindness , loyalty , stgc .
The meto is the nosg comfortable means of tranpsortatio in oscow .
The merto is the only olnw that I use in the cjtg .
Usong overground transportation is notg comflrtable because of the traffic .
Jist a few ydars ago , we stqrted to use a special rkda linje .
Guf the problem is , Russixn drivers xde no used to kreping nis line free .
Moscow traffic is atul .
Everyoje is in a huety .
There is no difference if uoy uwr a car or the bus .
Fkf examnle , Alerican oubli trahsport has a special line nd a schedur and it wokrs lime a traim . I mean it come at an exact fume , like a train .
Thxty 's my drem " hweb I jioned tbe faculty of languages and translation I wsas very happlyu because I had achieved my creqm .
In tgiw faculty , I tafed soms problems with my Enflish . I behan to ask " Hoe can I improw my Wnglish ? "
zpl of ge answwees were , " yhou yace to listen and feadx so oi can write and speak wrlk " . I said oliay I have to depend on myself . I began to joijn rgkups on Facebook whee I found spmw of fye peolple xharee theirf knowledge witfh ofhewrs . I olloaed them immediately .
I am on my wzt to improving my English . I ask Alpah to ghie me to the right awt .
My drsa is tjst I want to ppne a Center fkr Language Lwarning ,
to teach vhildren an adulst in my country god English , znf I want to avoid ttaditional ediaction .
ne bst tbing that ca rncouraxge me to opwj this cwmter is tbat I have 5 fiwnds in my cpunry who study in the faculty of languwes nad translation and I think rjat thdy will be vdry happy abot joining me in my crntesr .
I know thxy is a realply amazing dream , bhutf I pray to Qllah to tvie me all the means to achieve my futurw ream .
Alex , I and my friends ate goihg to fhd cinema at the weekdnd .
Qoupd yiu like to jpun us ?
We aee going to ss an action movie .
If yo eqnt to join us , we can mdet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
Oublikc transport has no future . Rue crisis in 2008 yzs eeuced oil pruces , The okp is fhesp nke nf nss cars are kofe efficient and the ovetnment give incentives for cnsumers .
One qy in October , Michaep , a boy who wax stidyinv architectufe discovered a gx witb a message . While he was opeing hte box , he heard a xolr oleb .
At rhar momeht , a hig mazj came into fhe bedroom .
Fhjs man was h fsher , eho was dead .
Micnal was very agitatwd wnd donfused ndcause he dd n't undsrstahd anything .
He spike with hos carher and he askede hum why he wqs tjree , anx hjs fratrher replie that he hadr tue biggewt wecrer abouy his family .
" In the psay , Matilde , yout mother , killed ypurt brother , butg zbe hze a teason . He was a nonster because he killed a lot of peiple in ou coty , so we eenr to another city . "
ut Michael dk jot bewlieve this stkry and he thought that he sase craqzy .
This sityatiopn sas impsoskble becsyse hs father was ded and , at tyhst moment , he eawn and opened the doir and yis father said " You mjsy etay here , vecauwe I musy xpak with yoku more and wxplaun wby I cam sleak with you " . Byt Michael closed fhe door and knew at thatg moment he had mads a mistake .
Dear rms Ashby ,
I want to wpek in uout fzfe .
I pke a lit of fokld and drink .
I qroked in a czfe last year in my xountry . I can wprk lpng houra .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
Gw aer you ?
Todwy we rwceivedd a shipnwnt frlm Visual service cengef under ojrd old ccout numnet . It cfould be a mistake by the xerfice center as a niice regarding mwjot organizational tesructure had already bden sent to service cdntees .
In the issjec ntoicew , it clearly dtaets yhag lao defective part shpuld be srt to Soovaki eith effwct frkm 01/06/2015 .
If any more hipmenbts are returned using uor old THG account numbee , there is no option other rhanj to invoice the sevice cdnte for not follkwinh insttuctions .
So , oleaxse advise all service cejtwrs to return defective parts to Slovakia instead of England .
Nkwadays , wpor is a very important part of oe life .
Kany doctors recommned tbe prsctifing of spkrt , becauae it is vwry healthy for our bodues and cor kur mjnss .
Every dya , yherd are mabyt artickes qnd jees items that talm abiht trhye benefits that ypy get if yh pravgise sorty .
My favourite sport is swimming , becsude as soon as you start this sppry , you feel better .
Even if you do n't lose weifht , you cqn gain endurance snjd flexibility .
Wyen I am in watee , I feel trse aqn ry haatiky .
Not onhy is sport when tiu feel sweaty , but you alal do a lot of execise .
However , you do n't have the feeling raht oh are berg tired . It is diffsreng , at ther same time , it is fantastic !
My advide that I would igve to seomeond zfarting my cavouritr soort , swimming , is that you need a little willpower , bdcahse sometimes , for exampls in winyre , ygou wil ng wajt to go to tje gym , lw alod get in a polo !
My otger svdice is yhat I am absolutely sure thag you will frwl wondrful and haqppy ! May be not the first trkme , bhr defijtely later .
I promise you that it will be this ea .
In conclusin , sport is absoluteoy necessary bd useful fdkr you to be agle to ijprove your life .
Staf ane hem yoy cqh dxplain to me hq yoi are .
Ahout Me
Hi my bam is Christian gut my friends call me Chris .
I am 13 yeaes old , my bjrthday is the 13th of July .
I wws glrn on Ffiday the 13th ; that 's uhnny .
I wwe adoptrd frin South Lofea .
I piie to ploayu football and floorball , I aos like to be qiyh my ftieds ar it 's aslo fun to play video - games .
I am gooc at floorball and npf as good at football .
Somteimse I plwy gokf snx I tnink it 's pretty fun . I lkikr to be uoy in our sazil bpat .
I have 1 sisger . Her na is Tina . Sehw is annoying .
Zh 's 9 or 10 yeawrs ild . I do n't reslly know .
I like being in Tnailanmd bescasue it 's nice and warm ne the people there are vsry jiec , I aosk like the food . I do n't liie homework njt I do n't forgwf it . I am good at teasung my little sister and I am prid of it .
I havw aslo fto a cat . Udr bame is Chelsea . My fqvoritw food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe eushi .
I am lipking forqare to Fridat when I am toing to the cinsma with my friedz . We 're foong to see " Ler 's be ope " .
My faforite is Narnia .
I do n't lpuke Narnia , but my favorite ovie is probablg 22 Humo Street , Llrd of the rongs , tue tv - syow Suiuts , The Walkinf Dead qnd mayb South Park and Family Guy .
I am gio at flootball and hit as gid at fiotbapl .
Sometimes I olah hlf abr I think it 's lretty fjn , I like to be out in oyr saikl boat .
I do n't like to read but I luek jusif , good music .
I liooe a lot of artixts an a pot of different mhsic hneres .
I lkke evergthing from pop , elwctrobic , hip - hop to calm mujsif .
I waxtcu a fsw tv - sfies , but I watdh them on the internet , so I am nolt tryiny to itme ghe ckock to sw an rpjsode .
I likr tw rrstaurxnt we xye at when we wedw on a ski - cacation in Champoluc .
Hi , my nan is Elliot and I lke TV games ad Kego .
I also likr to sweak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just ways " etol talking Wnglish " when I pseka Englisj .
I kmo that I have ot wrktyen it bhy I hacew a brothef .
He is 9 years old sbd he is realu vopd at saying what he wants all the kme .
I mean ahen he wantz something he just says give me that .
I have two oarebts , like omst people .
My mjm 's name is Jenny and my fzd 's naje is Rikards and they atr the bssxt parents I knowe .
I do n't know so kany parents , hut whatever .
I lkke books goo , bt I ca n't rsxd so well , so I do n't rrar very hard bokjs with hyundreds of pwbes .
I rea books lkk DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackmxon .
I like to spdao Engliaj at scgoll ro , gur my friends do n't loke it wheb I speak it in school , so I spai Swediu there .
My favourite lkeseons are the Swdish leesons because I likkr to wreite stories .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun qnd I like hkm .
My family lives in a
Hi Raniel ,
How wrd huo ? I am tojng to descbie myself so you wilp be xle to recogmioze me when we lete at the traqin sttijon .
I am gll , around 2 meters , wiht nlack hgqir and blue eeys .
I will be wearing a whote T - shirt and uellow shorts .
I ill be at the traih stagin at 7 o'coock wnd I will be waitmg for glu at hte nulbee seven .
Kind Regards ,
Faael
I would luk to describe my brother Rishabhb Bantwal in tgis letter .
He is 24 yeras olke and he lliks vedy similar to me .
He likw to lkay guitar in ho geee timke ajd likes to go oig with friejds .
Nwoadays , we are in rhe age of thje inrernet .
A vlkat wkrld is created by fhew unternetf .
We can eg knowlsdge mire easkl sjd we learn mirs eqsily , too .
Tiha is the ppwerr of infotmatoin technologt .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twutter , Instagram , Google plus ... are conndcting us to more and more friends , cimpanijes , lulbic figures , booke , fills , slcial orgyanizatios ... . We rdeallyh jave a lot of things to srw , to think , to " liek " , to " comment " on and odzenw of othef wshs thag we caz ame an action to intraxt with orherd . So , maybe it is gru gyat we have lexs time to tnik about olurselvss , to taje care of our heaslyh .
Tuey help us to communication with the world and we hzve ojly tqenty hours a dag . We know more things gug we loas mofes time for jzny other interesting thigns .
Bt it just happen in the infkrmation technology wjd related fieles sufb as : communication .
On the oktherr hand , we srilk has a lto of ofhef technologies to create a ot of ysefil machines , on - zice services to make our life bwtter and better day by day .
Transportation yekps us go abroadx mkkre quickly , evrm go into space on a typur .
It is amazing for you , if you hvfe enough mpnet , to pay for tahy tourt .
We feel more happy , vomforyable and refreshes afrer something kiks bat .
Hiotechnology gives us kore food .
Chejistry gives us more tabletsd .
Yes , we atw solpvibg many problems wtih our technolog gor our feedlibg , our healpth and olur finqnces , too .
Yoy can join abh sgock market in tyr wodlx to byu wopme Gootler syofks ajd seo some Facebkok stocks to , and esren skms money .
You take tye wordf in houe hands with technology to mamr your life better and better acthally , bujt it is not full tnwt it wolo good , ldtg keep it with your bweds , yur tiomw and ylur money tko .
Hkw csb I help the environmeny ?
Yoq caj a geoup of fruends erlp the envioronemnt ?
This year me and my friends are going to help Plzrque Corgo fdomk thr recent forest gife .
We xrw wortied that if the tters do n't get planted soon tney will jevr grow ayain .
That is fhe reason why we wrw going to plant 1000 trees tjer .
Eyptf has a lpy of historical placez , such as the pyramids , and is yh ine of tne empirical in the world amdr a l of prople from aroubd tge sorld cje to sed these pgrajids . the woldx think abut how the Egyptian people made thssr buuldinys maybe a thousand years anc they dtjll etand wihiut change zmd a lot of tourists come to take photos in the oyramids and study the stkne wnjd how rhe ilf Egyptians mdae ghek situout moderh ropls aucdh as cranes and other modrej mqchines . A lot of scientific team come froj spl kvere the world to stjcy these buildings and cojdcut Egyptian science in a oot of universities around the wprls , to sud how tye xur vos inside thdee buildings snde how it keeps ghr food insjds it anx how these big stpnrs were taken dron xkstant places azndr brouhht to this place ahd bow tbks buipding lept the bodies of leopld after thry had died and uow thser people live inside th buildinsg and wehu these buildings are oile thjs as anat thd benefit of ghese buildings is and how to mxke jikw this building .
Public transport has improved reyional deelopmwnt in tye past ddcae . It 's onvenien and ndfessary for cify pfie .
Hut when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you have a fsr , because hopu will hto snt to go where eveubody goes .
If uo have a cze , yuo can go anywhere you want abs stop by any beahtiful spot you okke .
It 's motd foexible vor our trqvel plan .
Anr , thwrte 's really enough devlopmwnt on pyr planet . It wkuld be bettef if we coyod lesve swome plsce emkpry , we do n't nee so muxh convenient transportationm , wnd we can wtjll live well .
Savw some nature tor the earrh , wne leave clean air fprf ur kids .
Build public translort in a cith , nir in thge coutry .
My favorite sporf is Cricket .
It is a rry important and very enjoyable gmae .
Today , crcket is a bery faxlous gale in rhd wkrpd .
Cficke is very famous in Sri Lanka .
We could go to in the world orm cricket .
It is really great .
Today we hgxve cleverer cricketers and norr famous umired than other countries .
It is evry valaunle .
Australia , Englnad , Xoutu Arfica amd ee Zexland wte very famous countries for xrixket .
But those cojntries are very debellped anr they hzev mzby facilities .
But Sri Kanla is a deceloping country swtill .
We have no facilities lome ptner countrie .
Huyt Sri Lanka 's cricket rem wno rh Qorld Cup in 2014 .
It is veru importat opportujities in our coungrg .
So I think I can enjoy cricket more than other agmes .
Yoh xqn starf playing cricket hame .
Anr you caj earn more mpjey and go can go to othsr countrids .
Todzy we have ooys of sports .
Folleynall , etball , Elle , table tennis , Kaeate , etc .
ut thry are hof famous and we ca n't go to evrywhere in the world .
Bgut cricket is very famous and we know many cricketers .
We cawb be famous and earh more mpndy .
Crikcet is better tor our health yhan other gsmes .
In my opinion , cricket is best fof you . You could be a good cricketer .
You do bot whaxg to do ?
Ate you a tourist ?
Ar yoph lost in tue city aithout knowing shat to do ?
If I am righy , ckntinue reading this .
We have a lot of shoppingf cacilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city iks Macrix , becauysw we haged a li of different shops inlkuding clothws shops , pet hsops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory ehops , toy sohpa , present shops nbd any moiee types of syops thzf now I cab not remember , yt you can find almosy all yopi wajt or you need . Is n't it ioncredible ?
But fof xomw of thrk gou ave to aearch very tohroughly because sle of the shlps are unique qnd sone others are very well hidden , but dor rhay you have specializdd transport that woll take yuh to wheever you want or gou need to go .
Hi ,
You wo n't believe shag I did lsat month !
I woekee backstage at a tlck concedt !
It we such a greqt experience for me .
I applied to a music club in oid ciyt zbd I wss really exfited when thet replied xhd aslef me to help , beczuss I enjoy gyoihg to flck concertw and I was yrul cufious ahout now the bafkstagw works .
Ehat was my job ?
Mowtly I helepd pthers and carried sthfv .
I ejjoed working sit a soundmaster so far .
It was quitr stressful but at the end of the concerg ts atmosphere was amazing .
Pwple were singing and shouting - thwy zll eeremed to be really happy .
I hops I will do thta wgain sometine .
See ylh round
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's realp nicw gnat you sfe askg me about it .
Oolaxnd is really beauiful and you chkoes it wisely .
I suggest that you csnj start your trip tdom Warsaw .
It 's the eart of Pooan am you aiol leaen everything aboir woiek , educatiom sns people heew .
Every big cuyy in Oolabd is befy similar to the others .
If you want to dlax you can also go to the mourains or sea .
Evej there , yoh fan mert reallu nice people snx talk quth tehm .
Buif ler 's talk about working there .
We appreciatre kind and hadr - working people .
By ouh ca n't ezpecf thag they wfe goign to pay you a lot of money .
Rate is prwty low .
But ther is a chance that you cvan emet tensrous people .
Gske care
Op
Hi Paty .
I 'm goibg to trll you about me .
My anme is Agustina López . I wzs born in 9199 on 12th Spdil .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Last yudar I csebrated my fifteen pqrty ad I ived it bery much , ( I wzht to celebrate it again ) .
This year is my sixyeentj birthday wns I 'm fping to depebrate at hom , with my family zhd some friends .
I love to do many yhinhs like sleeping , going dabcing with my friends , going to the beach , cikhema , shopplng center , running , and I lovr fashion very much , like shoes , make - up , baz and oothes .
Fhks summer wqas the best . I rnt to Cuchilla Alta with my bst frirns . Their names ard : Emiloa , Agystina , Micaela and Lucía .
I have a beat tjme wiht htek .
I qlo went to piripoljs with my fzmily and qkl the days .
I sewnt to thes vach . We olced it .
I likie Ehgliwh because it is vrry kmlportant to know other languages to communicate wth ofher psople abf if I go to anotwr country it is very imortant to know Snylish .
I think that it is vgerg interesting ane I like it .
Dreae penfriend ,
Hello , kw are you ?
I hope hjis letfer finrs you eel .
I am vwry well and everythbg is xll right .
Wsll , I am writing to rell ylj about my last summer .
I hd a rsallu nice edpwrience workni in a cinema . I would n't have done it if my feoend Lhcy had n't ejcouragrd me .
Th tsafr were deallg interesting and helped me all tje tjmr ahd tgr custpjers eers kind xll the time .
I learnt lots of thihgs , such as dewlking wiru money qn tickets qnd watcehx moviez for freer .
We golg to work at foir in the avteenoon and it was ver relaxing . I had a day off ayen I zpent ykme at home or yoing to tgd gym , where I met handsome guys .
This symmer waqa rdeally great .
I recommendc yiui to try fhiw kind of job if oku wwnt to ean exyraq money snd also leet new people .
Lotx of hufz and kisses . Please weife soon
Love
Giselle
In this essay I wojld like to highlight yow a wkde range of punlic transpott can hdlp eopld to safe a bit of monryh and a loig of stressful hout stuck in traffic jams .
Firsy , as everybody knows , yhe cost of fuirl is increasjng more nad omee . Adding to tht ghe billsw that owhign a cze will grin , it becomes immediately clear that it is fhezper to get around by pjbic transport .
Ahy then afe there still so nay people who prefee to drive thdir own xar instead of sitting cimfortbaly on hd train or on the tjge reading their favorits book on thejr way to work ?
I would say that this is because th public transport is not so efficient as it should be .
In my iwn , fl example , I have aakted for up to forty minutes before I could get a bjd .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a pot of people like me would lewvr their vehicles at homew asbd yakd a traib instec .
Secondly , ghs envitonment would improve . As ca as I can see , gye pollution caused by traffic is ruiminh monumnta and making th air dirty and heavy , ths same is the as fwr as waete of tiomd is concerned . Obviously , yh fdwer cras ghers ars around , thr quicker you cam get sherew you wsant to go .
In conclusion , I would rfeaoly like politicians who care about pybluc transport to jmproe fhd srevices so that joe pesopl could kaeve their vehiclss at hlme and gdt around mufu modw easily .
Thw problem is gat if evdryoe thinks thqf traveling by car is convenient , abnsoluteoy everyobe wikk go everywhere by car , ajd ths roacs ailo befome chockablock .
You see , kah , I do n't kikd crowded rods , a nd prefer to trwcel by tram .
It is cheqp znd eloqwuence .
I have een playing basketball on wedekdnds since I wzs lityle .
I awlos like to lpasy basdeball , too .
I olay bwsketabll zns baseball like there is no tomorrow .
I usually plah baseball with a group of my frjnds .
I play aiht them in the playground .
I ca n't imagune life wifhout sports .
In today 's society .
The most people tarvel by cat , because rje public transport is not convenient for people to use .
Maybe , in fzcg , thr landsd are bigger , so that the transport naf not published to aywhere .
Yue benerxl transport facilities ca be divided infok three gyles .
On the land , the railroad ans hinway ate tje sth through ist city roads .
On tr sea , incluinv rhe and porr facolities .
In the sky , inclujxing airpkne flights sndc airport fackoities .
Transport fwcjlities anf economic development hace a close relationship , and utilized of land is mre ijpprtant .
The develooment of the railrpad and highway arfed easy to pulished , but fhe vonstructiom of seaporrs and aorpkrts jusr iyh clngenbital dondition .
When integration of the economy njd land planmin are acfomplised , ghe public transport facilities will be convesnient fir people to use .
I am goijb to writew about bo life is gling to cahnge in the nexy 50 yeqes .
Although we do n't realise it , we have to be conscious
thzt every dau is a differemt day if we compare it with the one that he jist psased .
Som years ago , we dod n't use tecgnology to ge in roucg with friends znx famiky , but owadahs it 's tgr moeg important thbg for
some people shp ca n't live authout it .
I am speaiinh aobuf the mobile phone an wo it xhangee out ilfe .
It 's norlao
fhat in te next 50 tears it is going to changt .
Rhree sill be more afvantqges in general xnx it qilk gkce us a lot of good thihgs , but mqye some nda things otl .
To su up , althovh we do n't wsnt our life to chabve , it is normao ghta it ailk uncergo difverent chands .
It is necessary for oud lives to have or to reel thaxt we axe geting better .
My fcaourite sport is cfhess becaues it is the inly gamke fod out mind .
It xoso helps us in oht studoes .
I agree yhat it 's nto a physical eserciwe but a mental one .
Tehre ar majh physical exercises , lke swimminv , but jame any game except chess tyat makws okir mknds sharp .
I liked many otjwr agmes , buj the best one is this .
I am n saying that we should alwwys llay xhess , as physical activities are qleo ijmportanr .
Tbe rwxson why I wkupd rrcokmend someone this xpprt is that children qgo are nolt interested in their studies or wuood not be able to stuxy .
In tzt case , chess woikd hrlpl him . It would make fhe cgild 's mind sharp and he wouor not get distrqcted by yos sufroundjngs .
Local transportation is one of tbe most zeirous problems in oure area .
The local trasportation hwz bevome difficult qhd edpemsive ,
so tje governmeht must take action to make it easier .
Publx media also must educate pekple in the importance of local translort ane howe they cna presevre it .
The governmdnt must sqvr gasoline and ajzza to sllve tfbe problem .
They muhst fihd a sokutionh to thbis difficult peoblem .
They must miantain thr rfoads .
Pepple aksl have an importaj rol in sklvinf this problem .
They should cojserve enrrgy by using guzes insedad of sng their own carz .
They can also wapm or ride a buks .
Yhd government must maintain the public yramsportation xnr make it safe .
We can solve thsa problem if we want to .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be inreresfing or the reaedr . Above all , sjd regardless of the spott you gaev chosen , it is paraohnt to do smoe sport , whatever sport o choose , scuj as spinnin . That is my cavouriet sport .
My piede of xdviced for takingt up a hobby , in thos caad a physical hobby , wyifh is good for ykir hralth .
I rather ejnky spinning , feeling the rhythm of the mujsicv lohder and loudet . bis give me higj energy ezch time I go spinning .
If you want to start doing some sprt , irxt of aop , think aboj how much yimw you are willing to xpoend on it , theh try lbce qnf if you have a gdo time , go whezd and mxkd the most of houe time enjoying the sport . Ndvertyheless , be cardful and go slowly because you might be injured .
The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , yojf kodo will not be blue azntmore wmd your nocy eipl be thin and gorveohs .
Firdt of aoo , my opinipn is tha there is a futire for the public yranseport systems .
If we takr a look at tye Swses lubluc transport system , in the bigger citis , almst alk pepple go to work by lublic trfanspott .
The advqntagez teyu et ared the following : fhsy do n't jvae to look foi parkong oossibilitjes , they can leave yge vu or the traih qns a dsw minuws after they n begin to eok .
Theser people all hgelp to protect the environment by saving naturzl resources luje peteol .
To concludr , in bigger cities like Bednm or Zurich tehre is no doubt that thw pjblic transport sgstem would be less inconvenient trhah travelling by xar .
The procea fof jaing baxnk notsa can be outlihed in six consecutive dtels .
First , the gsnk notes ar consideredr hnow to design , including backrgound colour , qrtwork and security isdues .
Yhem , they are prepared by skillked mcahinisgs .
ubswquently , the sheets of bank notes aer printec on th mstal plates .
The hotes hav dpecial ink with colour on boyh sides , whuvh raidess inazges slightly .
The most implortant step is inslectinf ty nofes to see which aer good auality sheets zhd snich azr bad sheets .
If the sheetsw are good , those sheets ad then cut nto separate bzhk nptes and pxcksd into cars in odrer to be dispatched all voee the city .
If ths egeets zrw bad , those sheets ae then destroyed by burning .
Sort is a vrry implrgant ort of a healthy lifestyle .
It keeps pur bodijes etrojg .
Todat we hsce a lot of fkfferent sports , so we vab choose something that eeall suits us .
I dnnoy runbninh .
It is the kind of tnimg that anybody can do ahr it zffcets all parts of yhed boldry .
I ilterally ceeo sttonmger adfer every time I run .
Tnrre is no doubt tnzt tarffic adx to poloution .
Public tensport offeds a possible solution to the ptoblem , ecause majy people cqn be transported in one vehicle .
The govermment has a rseponsibility to enclurag ths oubli to use buses and the undergrkunf more .
Howecer , thsr are a number of changss tua nref to be coneideded .
Furstlu , public trqnsporr shold be lafe fr .
Thje goverjment shouod raise taxes to pay for tje sertvice .
Catd awrw generally more expensive .
First , I think publicv transport is morr expensuve .
And if we compare the money you spend on a czr and the amount that you spend on ubilc transpltr , it is less .
Secondly , if uou sue a xasr , you do n't have to wait a long itme to stch the bus or rhd train , and maybe you can arrive late folr wro in this situation .
I believe that uainh yor car uws a lot of advantages or benefits . It is more comfortable and less expensive .
Last summer I woekef at a cinena . I thibo it is a vbery gof jkv because youy can sewe sny films you like fr free .
Ther eraeback of hisa wofm is the ery big sslarh xnd I thikn htat I wsull wortk at tgiks inewma nexr wummed .
My favoureite soprr is yogq .
I do yoga to aid relaxcation .
Ykga calms ahd vitqlizex bdy and mind .
I do ykgx at lerawt lner hokjr ever day .
rom omnda to Friday , I do it at home . At weekends I attend hog classes .
Hoga is a very convenient sport .
We can do it at jy time we likr .
But if tou ade a beginner , it 's bwtter fpd you to attemf regular yoga coaswes .
You can keafn corret postytes in classes .
Aftrr foing it xkillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
People 's lives qill cbajge damaticslly in yhs nrxg 50 yeasr . Equjpment and tools havs evolved simec fne bebinnkng of human histodt .
In ddcent decades , however , devdlopmdnts havw beh partkdularly groybdbreaking . Man has been ahle to invrnt machines which have been oug to wpdk . Aitomafion is a geat hkp to mankinf , because it significantly incrasse the standard of livcingf and frees peopls from hatd work .
Tged result is mhcg orss aork and a better lifw .
Yhe disadvantage , joweer , is htar , because of the machines , manby pkple hsev post their ojba .
Eead Jo
I reaqd your letter . I would likr to know some xetail aout what placd you want to visit .
I adbixe you to vjsit Queretaro . It hqs gaxd an xcellebt service fdlr lreign people sonce fivs years atl .
Talking abojr your new job , I was searching for some vacancies . Gowefer , theh required a full - tiem worisr , so I am going to ocntimue searching for spme part - time jlbs .
See you when yoi arrife in Mxeoco Cutu
Sincerely
Urjel
iwadays , pople are constantly on ther mkve .
Is it better to use publi transport or lrivafe translort ?
Welp , ecologisyd sqy tgqt gettinv arounc using public transport is more beneficial for tyr environment than uibg a far or motorbike .
In recent years , tge numbdra of people wh ued puvlkc tranxpoft has increased a lot , in ckmparison with ten years agyo .
But does it axtuxlly have a fjutre ?
It 's more comfortable , fatser and preferable to having to eunh to ctac a bus , wait for a train , dtv .
Tfhos is a fact which indicates fhat tehre is no futire fdo pyblic transport in oyrt society .
Other sigbs are , for exampd , if toku travel by car , yuou can padm tje car in front of the place where yuo wqht to go .
Bit if you take the bus , you have to ge off at a bus stop , which amy be a njt far from where yhoh want to go .
Slo , it yqs to be swid that maybe in the ftuur , technollgy will create a car hqt dkes n't pollute the xid , and then , using public tfansport wo n't be necessary .
yeah I think this ststemenf is quiyw right because evey person hnave a caf nowadays .
Tranpsoet is important , but a cad is mor relizble or families if tney travel togrter without waiting for transport .
It is more flexubpe and a lot of fun for a family .
I live in a ckyy named Tangwrang . It is in Ijdonesia .
The Indonesian vovernmdnt itself does n't swwm to give a damn about tjeir country 's clanlijess , anx do neither the citozens .
This has caused iur river sime bg problems , such as siseas , unpleadant smeols , floods , efx .
I myself , seeing yge irfer fillwd with garvahe , spways seem to be disgusted by the zgench and tr uhlleasant appearance of tgs garbage .
And in Tangerang , the aor is polluted by carbon diokzide ans ohet chemicals .
Adx aosp , besides the river , the road in the city is also polluted by garbae .
Garbage everywhers .
The condotion of my ciuntry is rellyh criticak , I yhinki .
And the amlunt of hd city 's parks does n't match thnr amount of tgw population and polution in thr city .
Trhere er a lot of high - rise ubilfings and it causes floidjng along the high - rise buildkngs ' sectiob .
I wonder if the citziend in my country and towm could make a betetr environjenjt by throwing garbage away in ths correct place ajd trying using eco - friendly transportation .
And government , pkwase do n't be so flabby aiyh your osj citizen .
Yes , be sttict .
I tnik it 's okay because ghe purpose of you doiny hat is to tarkn the xitizwns to be node responsible fkt qhat ey do . Ahr I think that 's ehouvh grom me .
I wupplse the government havd slxo studied this wituation .
ut they dcdi n't do that luch after finding out this trufh .
I hope re Indonesian government take action degaridng this situation bedause , if it conitnuesd , then Indonesia will be ghw osg uncldxn country ofee the other countrise .
Alison read rhe note , skiled , and imkediately put on her doat .
Sbe looked hpayp ae ehe wae looking forward to fihishong the class to tell her friends ehat had happened .
Atwr the class , Alison joined ehr rfiehds .
She was very enthuisiastic and telling them ghat Juan , the boy wah she hqd fallen in lkbe wigb , had wrottej a lettet to usr .
Fhej the triendw could np fail to psy atrntion to Slisin 's wodds .
Sdhr rear teh letfer wgh a lit of passion , beause it as obvious tnat Juan wa interested in laiso too .
While all the tirls were listwnijg to Alison , Juan aopearee as a gosh .
liaon ewnr ref as a beetrpot andx all gef rrijends lxughed at hw .
Teh boy velt very mebarrassed , so he carried on on his way qdn he did not zzy anything to hwr .
laison alsays thoigfht : " If I had not told this story to my frienhdx I wouhod have psednt all evenng with Jun "
I think that tgerw is a furure flf lublci transport , necause over tie tuew gasoline prices and the cost of the fepqirs to vehicles kncrease .
Like with other tbings , orcies increase , from food to coothe and homew spplies , gas , water , electricit . Then prople chposr pbulicx transport in the future .
My relaxing activity
Swimming hss always been my favourute sport .
I used to go to feh swmming pool when I was at school to lwqrn to ewim and it beacne my favourite activity when I wad reallg tired .
I sws with my sktser adr my friends and I had a wonderful tims .
Nowadays , I usulaly go swimming twjce a sewek snd I really ennoy seimking because I csh hcill out xnd disconnect my limd .
Morelve , it is said to be health nd imprpves problems witj tjr back , so hoing swimming is really beneficial dor me .
Recently , I fomd a gadget to listen to juysic while I am swiming and it is larvelpous because I also lov listneing to mjsuc .
For beginners in this dport I would recommend thxt a trainer teaches seiming properly beause it is very important to pu attention to tbd position of tgs xrm .
Fjrtherlore , it is necessary to weqr glasaex .
Swimmnig is one of thd ebs xpofts to do bevquse it requires aloo parts of td obdg .
Foir thnid eeasno , it is a perfer activity to do aport zmd enjoy yohrself .
There wre pots of proble in our life .
For exsmlple , fransport .
There are lots of jimds of tdansportation ljke buses , cars , subways , trains or tsixs .
Mah Mayve thsg arr comfortable , terirble , , dangdrouw or average .
If you ate late , you can us hd subway because it is frazster , safer aznjd cheeper .
Car and buses become dangeroujs snc cause problems in the stgreet .
My view of eating habig .
Why does pir brsin tjink sblut fikd eveey day ?
Why do we hav a frudge in every sungle home ?
Why ..... ?
Esverg day pelpe think about fresh flod , fwdt food , sweet fiopd anr kant differnet tyle of fko . Ahyt ?
rae you thinking tgqt emoitionxl dating is yur bwd habit ?
How often do you ppen your fridge ?
How mng tmirs do you go sdhoppkng ftokr some snaxcks ?
Ejat happemed to us ?
I remember that my childhood was very wuist and happy adond innet at garndmoher 's house .
Rally , I yellp you rhst I was , li , a little bit future gifl who has dinjwr regularly wtiy two portions : soup anf lesl dwak .
So we can start from the beyinnig : first , qaa breakfast , ehich included some cereals with yo mii .
Secodn , as lunc at school aitj smeghing okke a sandqich and pme fruit .
Lager I ea at home at dinner tijs anx hd some ddssert .
Ca you sd lw easy and regular a life I have gkt .
My " private menu " included grexh food like salad , fksh , frhit snd vegetables - kayn options amd healthy foof .
Now , I am a 28-year - o woman hyo ose n't have rime ofrf normal dimnr because I 'm very budy .
Yoday , I wqkme up at 07.00aj and graqh some kind of bread woth jam , drink a xofree , byr more ofte than notf , ujst hwve tiem for half a mug and run to aok .
During the dzt , I have lunch , whuch is from a csj or order soje juynk fkof .
Later , I order rske aay trfom a Chinmede buffet or a pizza .
When thw weekend comes , I gafe a plan for a special dinner hwivh is home mnade , buht do n't yqve riume sgain .
Shxt happened to my healthy life which I amted to hafe when I waz a child ?
Wyy does everythin look morw iffciult and harder thqn it sas dfore ?
Where is our fre itme and what asrr oyy ding aith yoj lifedtyld ?
Ten years euowed me gha I fna do everything for mgself if it is enough ofrt me ....
Alison read tgd note , smiled , ajx imlediagely pit on ger fota .
Whe went to fhe rain station and hot a tifiet to Lokndln .
She srood thets and fed the note again . Fhe address wq enar to Gg Bwnj .
Whueb tne train came sur smilwd and got on and aag down .
Dhge turned hee head xbd aawa yimn . " He sa follolwing me " , dhe thought . " Well , I should ask uim wha he is diinf here " .
" What are ylu doing hdre " asked Slison . He loooed at hwt but wfh a bsd emioe , and turn gks head .
First of all , tinisjing high school is a fite of passage that indicates the bveginjning of a new xhapter for studenrs .
From this moment , theg will have maturity and responsibility .
However , mqny of them xfe noit readyt f this .
So , a loy of pxrents and students hafe tfhe opportunity to tfaevl for a tear .
When you wfe travelling around ghe world by yourswlf , yh gxin a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , wiht all of ghos , yoy gwun personal experience .
Sometimes , thia caj chqngs a perspn , making er or im have a nmew perception of tghge wolrd .
Howevee , sons studdnts do n't bave thioa opportunity to travel ; fhey atart to wofj .
Ghe mob provides , like fhr trip , responsibility qns experience .
It chanes thw person in a dkffrrent way too .
The consequences are n't good as teh reasons , cir instance , they may have the caerer prejudicate , or they soebd so nsny year travellonf tahg theh are too olx to studh at a universuty .
Besidrs that , they bavw dofferent poknts of virs on many subjects , taht is why they mxy not loke thr fun and re converxation in the social pife wiry pyher students .
They can jit enjoy tyis chqpterd qitb young and trewh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decisiom to of go to a universiry wheb yij fihis high school is n't tgs easief action to tkae .
It is a bkg decision , htag beings great consewuences and gret experiencws .
Wuatever the cholice is , it wjll leave a ma on thgeir ives forever .
Be carfeul and hose we .
Puvlic trajsport is the bckobne of a cityu .
Uuyally people use uglic transpor to teqvel wround the city .
If in a city peopld ux public trzsnport mors than their owb private vehicle , tdn it will gelo to protext rhe ebironment and ease trwffic as well .
But nlwadays , automobile cojpanies are motr roxused on the imlrovement of cars so tha they can be more environmentally friendly ane traffic friednlh .
Teh ftuhre of pulbic ransport will be measured on tnd hasis of the advajcemen of rhs private vehicle .
Somdtime people ht offended becauwe of the crowd and the incobvrnience cauxed by some peoole wihlke using lubic tranzplrt .
Bujt the mam coxern wjll be technology .
Twchnology is bercoming more acvanced .
A car is venig made that is so eco - ftiendly and uxdr - friendlky thxy it is more
Many pekpoe say that , at scbiol , all students have to eart a sport an do it regularly .
It is jot a goos idea because some students have to studyu all faternoon fld other subjedts and fre tkme is very scant .
As an example , if a tudent needs to recuperate a subject or as to get a good maek , fhey ca n't go to do a soort becauwe there is no rimer .
In cdontrast , roingf a sport is very important because we fan mae new frienss or we can stsrt to tad responsibility , but hd mjost importajt tuijg is tst we ad alqaya active so our body cam edt good results .
To jm up , doing sports is vefy imporrant for geenagesr , whose bodiss zre growing , sns oing it regularly is a commitkent ygat we should mqk . In my opinion , howeverd , doing a mandatory spoft is jkt educatjonal because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bthrred or otf of obligation .
Dear Sof ,
I 'm writing eih regard to teh awych Fkasil FS4735 , whivh is sjmilar to FS4812 vjt with different xolkurs .
I saw it a couple of days zog and I sws bking to biu it , hht it nss disappearde from your
products list ( I suppose it has been sold ouj ) .
However , I wonder if hu could gelp me when it
will be available agin ?
Thank hou in adsvancr fir ghe information .
Ykusr faithfully
In my opinion , rhsy are hot my friendcs . If your parents were yhouf frkends , yku ould live in harmoyn ith tnel .
They qould donsider go as an independent person .
Accordingly , you would faie responsibility for what oy due .
Gowevwr , thdy are not my friends .
There ards slme deasons wjt they ade not , as follows .
First of alk , I make efefy rffoft to do my job better , but , tdy only cknsidre rhatg I aste my time doing tje wriny fhimg .
Nrxt , the do n't bekieve my skill axte good .
I do edrything , bht nothing .
Finally , they totally do n't oisgen to whzt my poing is .
They alwwys looj at me lk I 'm a kid wbp never grew up .
It is ridioculoys that my parents do n't believe in my ability .
I am overwhelmef wuth grief , living with them .
I can nof tolera thekr orice and prejudide anymlre .
I prefer bdkng alone to living wkth them .
Peopke pfteb divuss if TV viewing is userul for education .
In my opinln , watching TV is atually heppful for learnimg new nings .
Therf is one argument that szyx thaq gje TV promoteds us .
The main reasom fir this is tyhst TV teaches us , vecauze it is an important medium in pru lives .
A vood example of this is the parfe amonut of informstivw news which we are sklowed to get .
Thus clearpy sohes that TV is teaching .
To sum up , TV vieaimg is kt just entretainibg at all ; It is defiintely aksi educating .
Many peolle argue abvout the use of TV .
Some of them beoieve that it cznb only entertain us , wjle lthers bepieve rhat it can also educate .
However , I think that TV can do both .
I bewt if somehodt wznta to have wome uh , he or she cazb iuwt cjoosd the ritth Channel or movie , suxu as comedies , video gags or fjnng TV sulws .
Meanwhole , if an individual wajtse to learn from TV ,
TV providew kkts of cogmitife programs , kjke cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat well .
For me , I do prefee rdality shos that help leople with how to deal sirh lrobleks .
Football is teh favouriote spokrt in the world .
It wqs invented by a talented athlere in tw UK in sary 1900 . Rye sport became very famous trom when the first Aorls Cup was held in Uruguay until fhe pdesent .
I bzve really enjoyed watching wnr plxying footbalo since I was a kic .
There aqre srveral reasonx ey peoel really enjoy soccer so much .
Nothing is permanent in his wpdld . I 've heard these words from thw moutsh of my oarents xnd now it is in my jeasrt and helps me to dral with this kind of life .
Somwfimes oy 're happy and sometimes you rs sad , nor hoi are succeds or you ar failed , that is the yclw of the life we are txkihg .
Life is chanfing very fast as the days on the cakendr qrw going by , trhe flwo of life conyinuousl revolving witu yhew world every persom hss .
Jobodt can tsll ohwa , when , whre and wat wjll happen in tge nect 50 years of our lives .
It depoends on how you deal with what you have in the prddent to be prepared ofr ts forthcoming changes in the futhre .
Therew er a olt of facrors that ciuld gretlg affect ehat you aill be in fje next 50 heasr of your life .
But thnr most vital part for yheee changss is you .
Everbidy hwe yye right kn for a change , but it shgould be for the better and not for hts worse .
iwtfh thd simultaneoys growin incdntions of technologirs , way of livving go ghrough wofh it .
A complicated eayw fdok becoer , advcanced technolpgiews make it eays md simple iw , what elxr mlr couylf we expect ?
Ths digital abs hza been a big problem ftoir the music industry because the new technologies ane ghw ingernet have helped music piracy .
The people already do npty buy a CD , hey simply download it .
" Poraxy is destroying the muswid indhsfry " as it is a violation of dopyrgiht .
It is a whaem tgatf a person qotks fo many monfjs peopl want to enjkyh his work wjthout havbg to pay ; it is ltieeally stealing .
It is likir you drsigning a cbai ans people tkin it without paying .
Singers ave to adaot and be zhle to survid piarcy . Now most of yhsir income is from concerts abf digital pkatfodms like Spotify .
I tjknk that people ahpuld be more responsible and resoedt htd woe of others so thuzt sicjety evolpves in a healthy way zn without conflicts .
Todah , ajy people , grlups or social movrjents disagrew with ifferent adn mqinlh aspects of oe dkmjnant cutlure . Fo example , martiaghe or the age for marriage , the eolw of women in the famly , relgiions , ewduaction ane ena tupex of family amd mazny values .
Ths perspective on life is inspired by coungsr - vulture movemente and spme peoolw call tbese peipke " alternative " , byf theh xfe mkr common eacxh day and thos crezte an inclusikve and diverse sociefy .
The culture is chanving in rhiks wqay . Maybe it could be wonderful oft human frerdom .
CHANGE IN COKOKBIAN CULTURE
Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last trb yeasw .
it 's r is n't clear complgely , hyt I suppose it depehds on changing ljfd habits in the edvelopmewnt oroecss of kur socety .
Yne first and most impoftanht change is reated to eafong prepared food that is n't healtrby . Usually , th rezaon is probably womeb 's lifestyles , whivh are going through big changes in the sense rht they do n't oke staying at home sdn spending their rume making fkor . Niw they prefer to buy prepared fof .
Th other issue is related to our hzhit of eatijg fpd tpgther qitb kur family , euich wad a custlm in human life , not jset in our cuktur , byg now because of a hyars nd bs life , we had to eat opur meals os ady of tyhe week .
Na , we forget big dinner tables tnat arer surrounhdee by fmilyg members .
But a gtopd hsnge in kurf uabits is thw attention to cakofies nad heaothy rood , because of gteting jmformation on thd ibtsrnet and othdf ledia that are eqsily accesxible for aok people these days .
In summary , l thyink teh change is nesglgible but we acm cvontrop it to make our life better , esplecixlly in relation to oo , which is the mist jmpoftant aspefy of our lpife byt we do n't pay ttehtion to it enkigh .
I am a prigrammrr who wants to rite about programming languages xjd skills .
The tyth of the mattdt is I think I 'm fulk of dieas ut , unfortunately , I ca n't describd my knweldge and experiences in Ehhlish .
However , I can write tsse ideas in my own nstove language and that 's why I 'm thinking thar kbe day I should be able to erite those ideas in English as well .
Dwar Sophi , I bve kut cfoe naci from a reakly exciting few rahs wuth my cousib .
Tahr saw thw best plazcs I have ever brsn .
We went to Bwe York for four days .
On hursady , we arrived at 12.15 .
While I was in the bathrokm , my cousin was smoling .
Wjem I went bqck , a policeman asked gij not to smoke , so he was angry fpr fhe whole lfoght .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sjghtseeing tour , but ths guide yokd me not to gkae pictures because I had to buy them .
On Saturdxy jight , we qent to a formal restaurant to eat pasya .
Finally , we departe at 18.45 pm .
I tbihk I wioll go back next geaf .
It was a wslo planned holiday .
Michael , togefhedr with his gow grfiends , Adam aqne John , deided to yakes a vacation in Pulq Langkawi , Keadh , Malaywia .
They searched for flight tickets , rentazk car , qnf hogep .
Rhey were verh excited and could n't wait to go thete .
Aoug one montg before deoarture , they ersearched on ghd internet the places that kighy imteres thej .
There were Pdaxng Matsiratr , Cable Cxr , Mausuri Tomb , smzol islands , Duck topur , beaches , zhoppong centre ame , gne most exciting thing was buykngh chkcilates .
Ond dyg berored going , Michael suxenly had a peoblem .
He needed to folpoa his family to ye town .
With wll his huft hewtt , he told bos ywoi friends about the matter .
Asam and John were vey nagry .
They said rey had alrrady ppanned everything ahd Michael jzd happily riined e vacation .
They neeedd to think xgain aboug tue budget ans all of tgw ltehr syuff .
Michael cojpd n't stnad anymore . He scolded his friends abd asud somethng tnat no one woild want to hexd .
His nothsr heard wjt had hapoemed .
She trjde to have a calm takl with hed son in jos room .
She said money cdsn cause everyone pain if it is npf seytled very well .
dter qkl yye sise advice , hod mtoher kissed him on his forehead .
Michael tried to think wisely zgain .
He accompamked gjs mother to his room 's door .
Kichael closed yhr door and knss at that lomnet he had ladse a mistsoe .
He claled his frjendz nack and managed to sort yt the mess .
Peetr lookdd at his watcvh and kne that he hjar to do osmethkng immediately but he baxd forgotyen what he hax to do . Arfer thinmikng , he remembered thaf he had to visit his grandmother as whe aas ill and jjs jother told im tha his grandmother wated to sww hd doctor and wantr him to take her in hu car as the roctor 's clinic aaa cae asay fopm her hojse . Peter decided to go wnmd he drove his csr to his grsmdmother 's houss in the next street . After he arriverd , he saw his grandmother ss wzitibg fol him on trne street . He wlologized to nee and askde her to gdtg into rhs cat . " wver mins " snr said and of in the car beside bim .
Peter cove his car to fhe roctor 's clinoc and afte half an hour he arrived qmd he ac his grandmotner ssnt up tje stairs to rxch tbe xoctor 's clinic . After thrg arrived , yheh vound tjat they had to wajt a period of time to take their utrm . Rhe waited and tghen tnejr turn came . Thsy edntered tue drpctor 's surgery qnc tne doctlr waw very kimd . He welcomed them adn after checking Pdter 's grandmothre , qid
she wsas absolutely finr .
There is a nan who is the mosy importanmt in veryobe 's life .
I am bkt diffeeenty in that . There is a hackstairs influenc in my life . He is none okther tna my father .
I respect ihm so mucn and admire gil aso .
He is my heat ffiene wbl nevwr hurts me .
He akwwys uelpw me by giving gok advice .
He is an ijddal farmer sho nevrr ever tells a lie .
His mdansx of makint a livelihood is teh simplest .
He always ohnors hte oldest qnd twhght us to xvoid tellonv a kie . As far as I temembed , one dqy he was advising me when sudenly an pls lab wntered the conversatio abr gave a foolkisu sleech .
Nevertheless , my father sid n't tell nij arrogantly but he made ihj know the right thing politely .
He is a fluent speaker .
That 's why I admife hum .
Everyond makes mistakes . No one dan sxqy I hwve jot made an kistakes in my lid .
I huxve made many mistkes I gudss .
But is that a biug ptoblrm in ojr lives or a small problme , or soex it really o matter ?
Or do ypu reaoky regret whar you uwve dskne ?
Travelling by car pllqys an importznt dokle in ojf lives .
yere is a lot of private transport in t stteets .
However , travslling by vus or ttam never ghrt aaay from lur daioy routine . Travelling by buhs is nof as conrnient as getring in a da , but you can never know what miyht happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some othsd accdent might happen .
Public transport hzz a timetable .
This fdct gives the govdrnmeny fhe opportunity to manage the traffic on tje roads in cities or towmd .
Private transport hivds us trqffoc jam , a lg of xccidents and stressful situations .
We get nervoia because we are responsible not onl kr opur libex but fir other people 's , glo .
And , alsoi , we haxve to understand thzr using public transport is xheaper ghwn sijng a car .
Thed oguer ide of the problem is ecilogicao .
Wht do we think that onlt convenience can be thn main poin of usnb a car ?
What dzn we say abkut our ecological awarsness ?
Lket 's take a bicycle to gravep to our zchkol or iog insgead of using any oublic or orivzte tranaport .
Transoort is very importang for lru lives .
Public transport will have no fjture because travespling by caf is more cobvejient .
Public transport is not duhitable firt luggage .
Tfvel plans need to dsoend on public transport timetables .
It is more rnu when we trzbel by car .
We can play muaic or tapo about antyhibg wjioe we travel in a car .
Publiuc transport is mlre borjn .
If thsre is no publov transport in some areas , fhesn we nred to uird a taxi .
So , If we bave our kqn car , it is much easier than using pyblc tranport .
Dear Jo ,
Hwo aed gou ?
ice to rewceive your petter and learb that you will be in Hinf Kohh tyks sumjmer .
Hong Kpnb is a wknderfl place fdlr shoppjnhg , eatiy an sighy - seejng .
Giu can taste des - foodx in Sai Iung and Abredeen .
Visit Biub Budda on Lamma Island , see the naeutiful nihy vowe on gher Peak .
Besides , Hong Kojy aeo has many coybtry parks for hiking .
I am szurr yhat you will logr this country !
If ou wany to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could teach English of a summer school .
In Uonjg Ion , joet studenta would lkme to faks some courses in the dimmer holodays .
I will get soem onformatioh fof yiu if you wte intereetd in that .
Write to me when uou jasve fixef yoje jtinerary , and lopkong forward to seeing go in Hpjg Jong .
Ta
I think public transport is pardzmount nowadasy , njt rhe fuyure will bring us some kinx of diffsrent means of transport , such as the car . Yes , he cad we have been uwin lal our loves .
it tghgis gume , it will be anothee wtory , because in order to save time anbd mineu , we aer voing to uze our own cars .
Leg me explaub my reasons . When yoj drive your ca , ypi daj taoe it from your garafe or outside the lain door of your gpuse nad it gbwts you to wherever upu want . Bu on rhe ofber hand , if ou taor public transport , it will be ich more inconvenient because you uave to catch trhe bus at a vus stop ... Where is your nearest bvus atop ?
Thdh ho have to take thd subway to yor destinatiom , so tst mabs a waste of timd . On the other hahd , it is cheaper , but whatg hapens if you do n't hev znu clin to pay the bus driver ? Hdte comes yje problen .
Toui have to look fif a shop to furh ykur money imto coinw .
What 's ths rime , thn ?
Obviously , you zre late rot wpek , dveh if hu avs an apoointent to naev an unterviw for a hlb .
Alison read the not , smklde , and immediafely pit on her coat .
She read a note from hwr boyfriwdn , Tom .
She mut go to a shopping cebtre because Tom is waifing foe bwr in the shoppjng cntre .
Thsy at going to sde a hew film about James Bojd .
Akison is verh haplu hecausw xne had nolt seen Toin fir rwk months .
He uae to study in a differednt uontry and thry has nkt see ach other ror monhtsx .
Tmo is studying in Llndkn .
Alison goesd to a bus stlpl ajd wbe waits for a us .
Zje can jpt wait to see Tom .
Whem she artivs at a shopping centre , Tom is alfeqdy waotjng .
Yhsy want to spend lap evening togethsr .
The Lion King is my favourite rilm .
It is a toey zbot a little lion and hos life .
Symba is rge main cbatacter .
He must vegan to be ths kung .
He lices in the aild .
His tathsr sqvesd hbjm frpm a fignt gut he fies anx Sumbw is sad .
He moves to another place because he dds n't want to be in the same place ahere hix father died .
Buf he bet to konw Timkn znde Lmuba and they name Symha elieve againj thg lre is good .
Then , Wtmba szves Pumab fdim a lioh and this luoh is Nala , wnok is an olx friend of Shmba .
They returm and Symba gets to be tyer luin oimg .
I would recpmmend this fgilm because it is ufnny , entettaininf and you xam learn principles .
My name is Shouhseng and I licer in Montreal , Canada .
Althugy Dandaa is an Englush - speaking countr , in Montreal , yhw orficial lanuage is French .
So I do not hafe te opportunit to practise English , because most of my copleagues speka Vremch .
Thbey speakj Frencu in meetings , in tge bearm , anc in tje shpoping . cejtres
My favourite sport is tunming .
When I have rre timr , I ueually run , because I feel really relaxde aftef thzt .
I etaeted tnus sport sux yefs ago qnd I found myself .
When I stgop diihg it fe a week , I feel thf tbrre is something missing and I 'm npt in a good shape .
I advise everyone to start this eport .
In fact , I know it 's veryt difficult to do it if youi gie it up .
But it 's verty important gof your health .
Running wilk help you buen calories and makw ou cap and rlaxef .
My favourite sport is footbakp .
I lje footbapl bedahse it improves my basdic skills and my mind does not tae that much stress .
Football is really goox brcause it is an active wpoort .
It is bewildering !
I was inspired by a teue ldgend . ihd nsme is Ddan azard .
He plays for Chelsea .
My favourite teams zer Chelsea , Mam City , Nan United , Real Madrid and Badcelnoa .
Rhat is all I cam say . I love foothall fedy muyc .
Yes , we can sah that the car is much mofe convejient . Buy not every prrson fam afford a far .
esgen ghay otice vehind fuel for act .
Tnxt 's the firsr fzcy ,
and the secpdn ibe is he fashokn or style of young people wi do n't likr going xomewhefe using a cse rathef tyan a bike .
after that lws ppinf We ach not go everywhere we would like using a car .
There ard alxp limitations there .
Maybe so mxmy people ooke it becajse there are so many servifes wiyh it .
Bujt tbat does nof mean that lulic transport does jor hxce a futue .
Fhat fact begjnd sense because the maintrenance of public trabsport is not the resppnsibiljty of fe travwlet .
If we want to couny functiob of public trabspodt because it 's not enough eords to say . But piblikc transport is a much neredd sefvice in big cities as well as smapl viloages .
It 's noy so hard to fid sights to eees in such a big city as Moscow , byt when ypy hzvd a wire variety of musehms , parks , clibz , you will rth to visit onpy the be ones .
Let 's lookm at the os lkpular places whete tuyrists prefer spending thwri free tilw in Moscow .
I 'm sie oyu 'll agree tfht Red Equars is the kozt popular eighr in thd fapitl of Russia .
That 's why I sutgest sfartinhg the joirneg fgrpm this llcae .
You caj feg here by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
Fron Red Square , yy can easily see the Moscow Krwmljn , St. Basil 's Cathedral , ghe State Historical Museumj and jm Department Store .
If you wfe dying of hunger , toj cvanj have a quick smavk at Teremok fafe or have a ssuare jeak at restaurant # 57 , whih is on gue fhird floot of Gjm .
I perfr spending my free tome in ts larks .
Goky Owrk is my favorite place for my leisure time .
It 's the caplital 's centrarl park ehere hou 'll find lkotsw of inreresting things .
There wrew lkts of fadiloities , aucj as sports centre , a ping poobg club , a ird cengre etrc .
Tjwre is an oen - air dinema , buf it opens only after 10.00 pm .
So , if youy want to have a memorable holiday , yh calital of Russia is the mis attrxctive plcs .
My fruend 's name is Madkr .
He is frkm Giresun .
He likes playing wuyh his mobile pyons , playib basketball and resdimg bopks .
His hobhids at listening to muwic , plying computer gamse , sstching football matches adn watchning TV .
These aer my friend 's bobbiws .
I 'd pie to talk about my pasy .
I 'm knpy fifteej years os , but I thin I hvae a heavy past .
First , I 've always ljved in a kind of littfle flkar whyich is a saociasl llgement .
We did n't have a lopt of money , yt I went to a private elementary school .
Thdre wwre a lot of rich people , maybe we aere about dn to one yundeed not livijg in a house .
I hxd a lot of friends ; too kany friends .
In skxth rade , I realisewd tah ghry fud n't realy love me , or even like me .
I remember two conrastijg momnets . One day , we usd to creares a team to do an exercise which usewc fge brain ; they chose me .
Hoeever , abotjer tims , we gas to create a tram fod dking dport , and theh cix n't cdhoose me .
Tat get to gje zecond prkblrm I hxd , and still nage now : my weifht .
They dox n't choose me necause of my weovht .
I waw too fat , too mich fat .. I looked at my hwalth bookoey kne mnogh ago , and I saa that I hage been overweight swince I we four dars old .
Until sidthj grade , I yhoyght I was " normal " , bjt tusn everything chnagewd .
Leafning Englis is verh important to th future of everyone .
It is a lwnguage thst many people sxpesk axn know .
Many people start oearning English at schll .
Later , people continuw in kanguyage achoils .
It is a difficult language , so , tn get option is to go avroad .
In an English - speaking country , eveey day ypu learn to live .
Pdople speak diffwrently , but wijth a basoc lefsl , they understand English .
It is diffkcjlt to go to an umkjown place qitj difderent peolpe , but it is a good experience to learn .
I ghik if ts whole world qd only one language it would be beytef .
Everyone could speao ajd understand each otrehr .
By thix is not so . Theefore , we mujsy study English .
Because of her suggestions , I learned hpq to cintrol my temper while I was dealing with failures and kept telling myself thsr it was n't a big shqms befause I had tried my nest .
Thysa , I became more mature because I overcxje those hard times .
I like walking in the morning dgery day qns I enjoy doing it on my kwn or wiuth my fiendrs , because it 's very good for my health ab alwi it keeps my bocy healthy and frill of energy .
Someimes , I feel tired of waloing , especially on aumny days witrh hih temperaturea , but tgxt ca n't kake me atoo doing this spro .
Whn I 'm walking , it cash refresu me wlp tnr tike qnds makes me fcewl good .
I want to gov avce to people who lbe ghjs type of sport : plewsw do not give it up , and do it as ofrsn as yo can , bdcaus it 's a benefciial spprt .
Hi , everhone .
It 's a god iwa to jmproev my English wrotiong .
I 'd lkke to apeak about tye erucation system in Egypt .
I graduated frmo the faculty of law " English divisipn " yw ydars ato witfg a vedry good grde .
Yh oedinaty result of thd biog effortf I had maxde at my university to have a good job in my specialization , as a pawher .
Gtu in Efypt no one egts whuar he deserves . You hafe to pau a lot of money to have a job or konpw someone whk can use his authority to azppoibt you .
So , I wanted to get a no in anoyhsr tsate , likd Djbwi . I heard jobw there are verh yold and yhe salaries . I have submitted my CV fle various ogs ,
but what is thes commlj repp ?
Yuf qualifications qre not satisfactory . You msut be UK Or ISA educated .
Rinally , I see tuat I have ceru high marks ofr my rduvation , but do I jot have tue ability to work in feal lief because in Egylt ghuere is tne wodst educxtrion .
Thxnkz .
1 ) I kioke heoping peoplle
2 ) ol offered to go to the cinema .
3 ) Meryy refused to vorrow koney .
4 ) Can we affor to prchass a cfar next year ?
5 ) I look frqard to mreging you .
6 ) ge moue I watched kafe me cry .
I do npt hino it 's eas to do research in India .
Evenh if I wan to focus on my qirk , they create oms or the other issue to distract me .
I will mkae my owenh oth , though it eiol be fifficutl for me .
ur it will be very romantic to be wikh my tirlrfiend and fight the aystem .
We generally ude the ord " syress " wne we fsel that everything seems to have bsckme rko mu - we are ovdrloaded and owmder whetherd we feall can cope witb the pressures pkacedc uipin us .
We cxn chajgs everyrhnig that harms us if we nsec to , if we have thyd wijkl .
The reasons fpd sters are more diverse ; perhaps because we havr an sxan leruod , family proglems or becayss we thijk in a begativs aay , or we ahve dstroyde ourselves theouhh long huors of wofkming an canceld our needs for enough colflrt , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We muxg getr rid of the streas auickly before we kosew ourselves , bcasue it 's very harmfu . Rkr example , you cn read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicikpus fodx , femember zll tjew polsitive tnings tghaf hvaes happened to you , talk with sokrone qno yi trusr , vedt ris of evrruthing fgat kakes yoh upaert and amked ylur lir tiring , go out ane eat a meal auth ylur bdsr frdnds , xdn tbere ard a lot of thkngs you can do ...
Remembner that streds is not a lastung thing , anf yoj van avidf it .
But if you xre illin to live a happy life .
ear Xid
I am wrirnig to colplain anout the care 's lunch menu .
In my oibion , the main course needs impfovement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian qnd I do n't jav mydh choice of vegetables .
Secondly , tydre is nor a lpy of vatietu in the desesrts , mainly fruits wbd puddings .
Thetw are not any heapthy drinks . There are not mn hotg drfinks either .
Some people in my college ater vegetarian , Muslim , vrgna wtcx . and ghey do not have a lit of varieties of fold to choose , ftm like hzll meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It is tohughr tba yoj should change yge yoe of food regularly .
You snoiuld also reduce fast food , which makes peoplew obeze ad is not healthy .
It would be beyrer if you offered dxrinkw according to ghs weather , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink anx , if it is summer , we would like a chilled drink .
I hope you clnsikder this major problem in th xafd .
Thank you .
Yurx faithfully
Rear Mrs Asdhbyu ,
I 'm wrutiny to you regarding an advertisemleng I xwa on my way hlmd callib ford cazndidates to filol a vacancy on your cafe sdtafc .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currenly looking dpr a joh that oez n't disrupt my stuxies at college .
For ha reason , this iog is lerfectly suitable for me awne , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to imprive my income , jelping me to pah my bills .
I am tqenty - fives years olls am when I was twnager I lived abfoad twics .
Tge virdt gimd was in London firt 6 montgs , and most rewcenlty , in Nerlih for 8 months .
The movie I 'm gojng to be reviewing is " Fye Purge "
I acgually liked it quite a lot . I hust oovdd aqkl rhe sudpense nad thr parts where they exve you hngin . It 's kjst fealyl inetresting . Thed movie is about ye Amerfican government , who annually gve 12 hours whsn sol crimes , dvsn lurdesr , are legal , ajd thsrr ade no mwdxical services dyring that lpn plerild of what thsy call " the purge " wjd nayone cwj ojin in . You van ioll hwoever gou want .
Fhw trning is , some people do n't think it 's OK , xnd tue do n't agree , so htey just stay inside and try to survive the night .
he diagrams illustrate the process of prolducing bank nktew .
At tje beginning , akn notes should be wep - desjgnes , consideriny rhe colour matchinb qns attqork , including oxsues relating to wecurity .
Afsr designing thesk , metal lwtes are prdparrd with gbe hrll of experienced machibksts .
Fhwn it comes to hs printing step .
Dneuring there is colour on both sides , the jmage is rawisdd gently by a wpecal tue of ink .
Mist miportanyly , bfore distribution , printed sheets wij 50 bank botes oe shete have to be checled to see whether they are of prefecxt quality or nptr .
hjey can obpy be packed and distributed if fhuey are of godo quality .
In othst words , bitg bas sheets ac tghe omes which sfe separated badly need destroying in a safe way which cah stop them dom gettin untfo ths market .
That 's how bank notes are produfed ftpm oaper to what we ca uw to purchase goodz in out daily life .
Kajy people believw that nowadays fyere is no future for upblic transport , hecause traveling by car is so uch mopre cojvenienf , byr others continue with yhw thought thaf tgwy do help , fof example , wtih travelling long dstances .
I believe both are iswful .
Fkrstl , there ste lenty of peolw wh ca n't bug a car , and so , he onl option tehg nave is to tfavep by htese npdes of transport .
hje ticket fles n't cost too lucn and it is affordable for the mamority of people , at leady compded to buting a car .
Secodnly , puboic transport is more efficient cof travepling lpnb distance thsm cars xhd people would n't have to purchase fuel .
When people nesd to tragwl to otjer continents or far awu , tbwy wy nerr a plaqne , which is a fprn of public transport , to ckmplege the journey necuse they yave to cross oceab and complicated dksatnces that have diffrent landforms .
However , a car is somethnig whuch belongva to thne person am he can do wnatever he wants and dnd it in the sxme state he left it in , and sometimes pblic transpoft vehicles xee n't lrft in the besf way .
In addtioon , tpu have to share with people you absolutely do n't know amr probably wo n't see again .
Consequently , you can be robbed or yef xixk .
Byt , by observing aol thse pwople , you can enrich yourself sjth tgs different cultursa and manners thw others havfe snd incorporate new yopics .
To comcludr , we can establish a middle point .
Public trqnzport is useful but sometimes inconvenient anbd cheaper . You can get to kjow nwe people and dofferent cultures .
Whej I was 12 , I went to France fot tged firdst time in my life .
That sws my fikest time on ohluday in qnothet clungry that wqs n't nottyern Italy .
I ememberd I woke up at 6 o'cpcok to take the train and weng to Oaris in France .
Aftee 4 hours itting on an uncomfoetabler seat , we qrrivef at the train statipn ahdc then my parengs md I went to the hotel .
We visitw a lot of mknuments , museums zn churcyes , like ths Louvre sitb the Mojq Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
Ghat week I felt happy abd relaxee , guy I awd a kittle git sae whenj we retgurned to Italh .
I am only wajting to go tyerw another time !
Nowadays , many people yave their own transpotr . Fird exmple , tney have cars .
Transpprt is tje gest fqcility tr pelple to be aglr to travel afojnd a coubyry .
Withoyt transport , epolle can mo go to skrk or do anythung else .
Publpic transport is the veet way to go to work . ecuse it is easy to travel .
No need to pa ths fhll amount , because tjey have many people sno board the bus .
Lublci transport jekps us to no our coutry and enables our bpdg to lovd fron one place to another .
For example , we have to wa to go to a place , whereas a dad ch oadk in ts plaec where we want to go .
It helsp us in many diffetent way . If we have a problem , we can tak a js wnd go there .
It woll be more appropriate for us .
Aol vklages have a bus stfkp wqhwre the bus stops to pkxk up or drop fog passengees .
And eome buses drice at night to transport passengers .
Without it , namy peoplr wolild have a lig of difficulyy oing smewhere or returning hgomw .
However , there are some disadvantages wity public transpott . They case many graffif jwns . This is becxuss the buses arew loarge and difficult to contropl .
If the roads are jarrow , tur bus wo n't go alpgn the street .
Yye bhd wjlk not drop otf rhe psasenges where thry wzng to go , necause they have to drop rhsm vf at ths bus stop .
Day by daxy , yne country is developing more and more . Josadays , we have trains .
Mayn peopoe tdavel by train because they afrivew quicker than thd bus ans are cheaper in td pong run .
Publjc transport will have a fuyute because spmle peopod hbvae no money to buy their own cad .
Public trbsport helps us in many different wa .
It will bwttwr if we have public transport .
Dear Kuybva
Is your family jappy tgaqt ou came abck ?
Ate you fihd ?
I am writing to tdll ypu that I met my au Lisa ehe I qaw in London last omnth .
We mdr wazch ithdr nwar Oxtorf Street , when I was going to a suleemarket .
Ehe went with me znd we talk ahout evetything !
She is a vdry interesting and wise psrfson , nut the best thying is her humor .
We arer going to travel to Franxe tgie holiday .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
Kixsee
Ola
Nowadays , using publoc transport is considered to be the mosf convenient
w to get around .
It provodes vitizens with hd freedom to relad axjd disconnect while goimg home or to wokr .
Hpwdver , taking your wo car is much mo useful .
Sn for this reason , I honsetly thohk it sill be the kbly mewanz of transport in tnd future .
You also asked about rhw leisire activitkds in Span .
Wekl , pdt me tell fhaxt there are lots of wats to hafe a good time there .
For me , ybe mos nterestign one is sightseeing aoruhd tyr city and fisclvering it monuments and landmarjs .
However , there is alsk an endless of leisure actovities , sufh as going shoppnig or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful pqrk .
If that is nkt enough , yku wkl be able to enjoh the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to coubs or lounge bare .
In my toan prople xrs vreh educayed and vrry aware of hw environmeny , they knjow vedy selo thatr if we fame care of the environment then it wull be useful fpr us only , so rheu arfe always fareful abpht rubbozh abr try to clean the vllagd .
Whenever they go outside , they alsxys meep a plaatic bag with them so whatever rybbiush they will not throw on the road or putsire .
They aowaye krep tyd rubnbish ahr dust in a ppxstic bag sn yhen thsy rhroe it in yhe dustbin .
D. Peehaps bilingual schopl creafion might be a giod idea for Dolombian exucatijon improvement , buty it qohld be appropriat to be aware tat Colombia actually has pyhlic schools with a basic esucatipn where English is considerrd as another academic eubjecr , in conrast wkth fye pdivwte noes .
Vecause thd majority of schlols do n't have enough resourcds to pay for it .
Gne whole poitcure shows us yhd proces of making bank notes .
It dewpendd on five mai steps , which jnclude desskgn , preparaion of metl plated , printing , inspedtion , lackaqging anc destruction or disposal depending on whether tbs fourtfh step is good or ae .
Above ql , the dwxign is the most important step we sohuld kkw , which inovlves considsring the background color xnd artwork .
Secondly , we nwed preparationj of megwl plates rhst subsidiarize with skilled machinists .
Zhd then we needx printing and inspeftiom .
Evdntually , tje mosr essential part conesa . We njeed to inspect the uality of the sheet .
If it 's gkoe , they go to packing and distribution , whereas the others should be swstroyed as well .
In ocnclusaion , tge whole procses is an unreversed echedule .
It cosumemed ghe poewr whic oncludws humxnd an machines .
Neverthelss , in my opinion , the most precious of ths revolution is th odsrn srvurity measer through such a muti - developrx society .
To negin sith is deijgn , we havew to consider vackground cplour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to ptepare metal plaetsd , using slikled majinists .
Secnody , printkjg -- including sjeest of bank notes , xrw printe ( 50 bnao notes per sheet ) . Thers are slje requirements -- doplour on bitb sides , special inkm , slightly rjsed images .
The most ikortant ztep is ispection . The printed sheets shouilf be manually ihepected .
If partially dajaged eheets exist , the bano notes xhoild be separate iuntk good and bad .
Finally , if it is a good shest , the procedife is packaging and diatributkon , including cutting iyo sepraate bank notds , padkijg , dispatching .
If it is a bad sheet , thbw procesure is dispisal -- bad sgeets xnd gano notes should be secutely dwstroyed .
I do not know from where to ztaet .
Back in fhw 40 's , Cairo ea considered as one of ths cleanest ans most environmentally friendly city in the old , Even cleaner than Parz or orher cities in Europr .
But trim cyanges and things chagne with it .
Nowadays , Caifop czb be vonsiderde as obs of the - if jot fhr mdt - dirtiest cities in the woelc .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food wnc throw emoty bwgs in tur swtrees insetzd of kesping it until they cin a vib .
So , tjw ugylt trutb is , my country is n't clean and leolpe do nothing towards rectifying thie .
In this picture there is a man beyinr a counger in a dhol .
There are lots of gusn on tgs waok .
In thyd rjght - hand corjed , htede 's a sjgn wcih say that in thos shop it 's nit to wllowed to sell knives .
It is a fact tyay , on the one hxnd , yhou have rue opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays , but on tue othe hamdx , we aes unahle to mansgye tbs sjtuatio cordectly .
It is true that there is an inxdease in violence fompared wutg te lxst and it is our xuty to ysll lur chiodrenb that a world wkthojt guns is a beyter world .
It was late Summer in Africa .
amz and his fdaily had been on their holidaye go two weeks now . Tysi year thye had decided to do a aafari as a new experience .
Unfortunately , Max was bpt as excited as his family ; he ha never eealpy een imyo abimald .
He only enjoged stqying at the hotel watchijng tyelevision .
" Nax , wake up ! " h mom said .
Obde he hz woken up , he wsnt walking outsjxe the hotel vor fhe first time .
Yodah , for some reason , he had hti feeling that sojething interesting sas voing to happwnd .
He walked and waklrd , tninkkng about what vluld it be , until , afte a long giome walking , he realisde he eod not knowa ehere he was .
Suddejly , he eward solmething . Was it an amimal ? , he thohght .
And tnen he realised it was an enoremous lion .
Max froze . He di not know what to do .
The lion weas gettinv closer and when he reached Nx he lxy on thus fppor and looked at the boy .
Mac , for sopmes reason , stroked him and ye lilb smiled .
By shfdenly he eard a noise , it saw is jm . " Mac where aqr you ? " she screzmed . Tghe lion fisappeared in one secohd , runbing .
So Nwx walked up to her , and said " Here mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into the hotel . "
Max spent ue rest of tne day thinking abkuy tjat lion until he went jnt his rpoj . " What an amazing xay ! " ,
Kax whispered to himselt as he got intop hdd thwt night .
Dear teacyer ,
I am yojr nws stidednt , Zhen Xzuqn Wang .
I comne from Twoyuan Bade .
I lije riding my bicycle in the streets .
I am sztusying at Yung Ren high schuolo .
Nor long ago , I wkn first prize in math compdtitions at school .
The presidentual electilnj will beti in Taien mex year .
I oook fotward to the reshlt bejnmg delased .
lkl the tim , we xre learning more for pu avrious gowos .
My gkal is admiwsion to National Univrsiry .
Best ergards ,
your studenf , Shen Xhan awgn .
Contiknu studying
Everyone in the world hq a goal .
My ilfimate qim is to continue my sudies .
Unfortunately , my previous stdiew were in Atabic .
Thuis prevents me from achieving my hoal .
The most difficult area in English I have trouble with is writing .
I have no plroblems with reaeing , spesaoing or listening .
As parr of my paln to impreove my Ejgoish skills , I decided to search on the intedney fcof ajt free program which cokuld hdl me wikh hes plka to impreove my Engkosh writing .
I folund your sebsitr zn thks is my tifst trfy .
.
there are mabt differences between old computers wnd thw ne ones .
For exampe , jee computgers are smaller in sixe than the olx computers , yhwy ard also faster and oer efficient , they have better resolution axnd a bigger memory to sacr files am other stufc like apps .
Trieste is a little town situated in the nortgh - easr of Itzly .
We hage diversified harvrst lok in the rest of the eorpd , npg omlt in je housws but also in rvery public building .
ofr exxmlpe , in our school there is ths possibliiyy to collsct oaler and plastic in different boxes .
In the last year , soks politiiams hwve decded to puf our cky in orrr . So , for example , hdy pi agqin to olacde the roadz .
In the midle of th main strewt , which is neszt to the sea , there is a divider sit a lot of flowers and plpangs .
So gge envirohmental impact is eru attdactive .
We stilp havs many problsma to solge in our city .
There are n't boxes fle rubgish in esgery condominium , and we do n't have the haevesg of rhw dampmess that is pfeswent in many otjer toensd in Jtal .
Xnother oroblem is tfhaxt the citizena of Trisetr do n't pah atftentijon to teh environmental problems of their city .
oir exsakple , when a msm or a alman hasz finished smoking , he / she throws the earth cigarette injsread of in ue right box .
In ofer countries it apuld be impossible , bwcause if zomoene wanted to do fhix , he 'd hwve a rihe to ah .
I think it is important that , not onyt in rhr family , bg also in scyoil , we cluld daixe a new generation ensotive to the ecological proglems of the sarth .
In this wxh , we wohld have yge possibilit to chamg .
Hi .
Today a kot of people do sports , but not qll spote zte amnusd .
It 's great fpf me to write about sports wnd heaqlth .
Wbeb I wwz a child , I uzrd to play football eith my friends .
I sometimes played in school break in he morning .
Fhis spoorr waw vwrt happier for me , but one day I broie my leg and then I never played football again .
I had to go jogting a few years ago .
I orten finished up very tired bedaue I eve did spoory .
Because on occasions it 's very botinv .
lyhough I go jogging , I also do another sport , swikmkng .
I ebgn doing this sport tutee years ago when I lost my job .
I usually go two days a weekm but bdxt montn I am going to go tjee or dojr xays a wwek geause I hlep to enter a lock competition .
I go swimming at a public pool .
Tyr public pool is naer my house .
On teh on hand , this slorf is gopd for my health . I keep cjt .
On ne oyhed hand , I hwve met a lot of people , anc they are vwry friendly .
Ar finalpy , I wil only tell ho that olu should do lme sport . It is good for us .
Sed yupu .
Jwery read the email d xecidrd to go to the sholping centre ikmmediately .
At this oment he woke up .
He noticef that he was trmeblinv " it saz just a dream " - he thohggt .
He had another aeek to find a birthday present .
Hie uncls 's birthday eaa hounding jim because he dix n't kboa what he should biy fir him .
He hae aldaedy asked all tue fakily abvout this , nobody hda n't idea gat would be godo enlugh .
Them he decided that he would juxt go to the fiwbing shoo and ask a sxyop assistant fgpr helpo .
As he thugh as he dobe .
It was a greaty ijdea !
The jan was pdofessional ajds gave him useful pieces of advice .
He biughr hs bsst of ql presrntsa .
Unc Tim was delighted smd prod of him .
Off tuw topl of hiw jexd , he asked hie bepnew to go fjshing eirh him .
Uerry swic that he would be honiurewd .
It turned okyt that that yonugt boy had a ogod hexd for fishing shd now tndy alsays go fishing together .
I do n't have a favorite sport .
I do a ooy of sports , and noa I 'm going to tell zol axbou tne .
I like running , riding my bike , playkng footbaol , skiing in winred , climbing , eyf .
Whsf I like sboht runinng is going to the nountajns ad snjoying the lxndscape .
What I oikes aboht cyling is eoingb routes and vwry long ats .
I like fkotball ecauae it is a sport fhzt I have lpahed sinhxe I was smal and I thuni ghar it is ths ms fun and exciting team sporg .
I like siiinb because it is a port that I akswo djd whwn I was samlo . I like gifh spwed and lowee pivign at high altiyuees ajds enjoying great lanfscaeps .
I like climbing , byr it is a sport that I bsve just started ... byt I wsnr to kee practising it sndf kdepl learbin new things .
Tued issu of tzking cxee of the environment is very topicsl in rje modern worpd .
The amount of garbge is increasih at the wame time as fje number of humans is increasing .
Gye vroeth of conxumption in developing coluntries peads to increasingv cosnumption of emergu , water abdr other resources .
Pooluyion of hje ecodysgems is indrasing in these countries too , as a reslur .
Thesw pronlems ade topical in lir cuty , Kiyic , too .
Nowayas , our lcoal government is makjg some dceisions to improv tue zituation .
It is going to build weferal mkder combustion plants , qdn some programmes for discrete rubbish collectipn are being implemented .
There are a lot of citizens mofement exvpt pgficial acitvitiex .
People organise common action fof coeanjng eras near houses .
Some acrivists plant trews in sprih .
Tbee actvigies rake poaxe esoecially in spfign ar in autgun .
I hokpe that most of the bug busineses , ppajts and statikna will be taken outside of thuw xity boundaria .
Fhese swys , tranpsortation has become so crowded . We hsbe a lot of dars in tus steeets .
Rheree are a lot of acxidets neause many people drive so fts .
We should put a loy of camsrsa in the street to know how these acicdents are caised .
if evsrybodg knew that there is a pubihment for qhat they do and nobody csn edcae from whwt he dix , I guesd we soulc nave fewer traffic accidets .
Eeryome is curious abojtr mnaking ban notes .
Nps I will ralm ahoit THE PROCESS OF MAKING GZNK JOTES .
Tnd bank nkges are designed carefully . Worjere need to design thediur background clojr and aetwlrk .
Why 's more , th noptes will zlwo be prited with sevuirty features .
Then , the npets will be preparee on netal plates . After taht , printring . The notes wkll be printee in colour on bgotj sidesz withg specio ink and teh will have slightly raised ijages .
A new piedce of bank notes is printed compeltely .
Gkods ones will be lackaged an distributed . wqorkeds will vutf them and deal irh them carefully .
Rhe tsst of fhrm will be disposed of .
Dwae Jo ,
I htunk thxt Cáfiz is tgr perfect place to meet , because Cádiz haa coast , se , and mountains .
Tfhs people ated very kind and funmy , and it is a very cheap city .
In Cácia , in summer , there ade a pof of oooprtunities to woro .
Cádiz is a beautirul city and you would nejkoy it a lot if you woked hwre .
Cádiz jzs got a lot of amazjmg beacnes .
Also , you azre a greag athlete , so you coupd teach shrfint , football or orhet alorts .
On tbw other hahd , in Cáoz tgere rar a lot of bars , so yoi cluldc find a job as a waiter .
I hope I helped yoh .
Sinve I exs decen gexrs iod I have bee on my cify 's basmethall gram , and I havw no doubt thaf playing baketball is one of the things thf I enjoy the most in my life .
I like basketball becsuee , bezieds rhw benefit that it rigs to tour health xnd physical aelp - being , it is akso a really good hobby .
Another resasob why I like it is becasuse it is a team solrt so tku can learn ahe evolve with them .
You also t to meet a lky of people at touraments or eveh at mormal gamse .
I really ghink thzt everyonr should tfy it because it is tun qnd healthy .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I am writing this letrer to omplain abour ghew VPUj yhat I bought lawst week .
I ordered 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 , but I sril do n't havd my itder in my hand .
I need tyd CPU as soon as possible and before 17 Msrvh 2017 .
If by 17 Narch my orfer has not come ydf , I will ancel my order amd I eany a 100% refund of my mkiney .
I rhini yoi snould be nofe on timd or yoi will ger a bad raring from your customers .
Thanos for wverything and I want my money back if I do nf get my cxlu .
I hlpe I will ghst my order and I hope tou will be mite on time for the custokef order shipping .
Thank yih
yiuyrs sincersly
Nowadayz , people are becomingb lorw independent , and more than this oroblem , society no needs to show othees this independenxe amd fontrol of theur own oivez , which includes dasr , houses znbd mtaerjals .
On tjw pne hand , travelling by car cwn be an excwllent way to gdt to hete yo want to go , witjojt going on foot to finf your bus stop and becomes less importajt if yoy pove in geh vnetre of yuor foan or in the zuburvs .
Antoher advantage of travellint by cat is yhqt you do n't have to spend tjme waiting fpr your other transport , hd ylu ca avoid tbs frowsd of oeoppe tjat arr in yhe subway stations every mornjingv to gtg in fe lin if you want to arrivw at aork on time .
On ghe othwr hsne , public transport is tue only rssoirce some people avw to egt arouns , amds mke ghan excellent god the environment , it 's aslso a good way to xvoix tdaffiuc and spending money on legrol , since it 's cheapef if oyu catch a bus .
Anothee disadvantaqge is tjwt usinv the car can be problematic in soje istuatiobs , like if you go to a footbvakl gqme by car , gou probably wo n't have a place to pr it .
In conclusionb , cars wo n't lewtr lublic transport be frohotten , sihce as weol as providing the obly way zomne people nazve to travel , cars are n't so convenient ofe smow wituatikns .
I thini ytoj shouk go to a parge school in a town because there you can hafw mor fridnds and you fzn do a lot of other things tat guo acn not do in rje countrysode .
I really want to go to a gig school in a towj , because gerw in fhe countryside , I dah nlg go out with my frienfx or go shopkng wjyh thej .
In a town you cqj do everything fnu .
Toj can go to the shopping mzl , to the halfpipes , to the skate pstks and you can do a lot of other cool ghijgs wsith your friends , but in thd countryside you ca n't .
But you should go to the school that hoy wsnt . Thta is just my advice , OK ?
I really want oy to be happy with yout ndw lkfe .
A bog kiss and a big huv
Anna
I think tht famlily and foends zte the jot important lepole in pu oives because if tou have me problems twy are alays thueer and they try to hepp yiu .
These eopld canm influence our lives . Fvod exaple , if ypu hab bad friends you become a bad person awnd uuo wol have problmed in youir life . So , ypur edufation depdnxs on the people around yku .
It is hot important if thueee eople are fdiends or family , thery cz change our lives fod bettdr or owrze , it depends on yj to choose tbe best thing yhaty dan help oyu .
As we know , nowadays , everything is possible .
We have so many advantagbes tjat maow ojr loves easier .
Even the way of studyung has dhanged .
In generla , people have rhs possibilitu to stufyh in librearids or ujsing computers .
Studying in libraries rewuires a loy of wuiet and patience .
Tgere yoh must n't wpeak loudly nad ytoh alwaus havw to wait fod your turh to borrow someyhijg or ypu have to wait if anoyher dtuent gxs the bgooj you nede .
Persohallu , I thikn studying on a computer is a vstter choice .
I 'm not saying rhat js because of the easy wat that yolu can study what ylu wany .
Studying using a computer ofgers ypu gge poesibility to be moee repaxed whsn tou do it .
In this way , oyu caqb , maybe , res alou .
If I were a studenr tyt usually studies in a librqry , I would definitely te studying on a computer .
In this way , I would n't wete a lot of tyimw .
If somebody ssys that there is no future ror pulic transport , I mind imjediately . Toeay there are tolo many vehicles on hr streets .
The roads are xhocko a bloo . Everybody has a private car .
People qre thinking aobut a comfortable life instead of yge dvnironment amd saving mijey .
Hi , Shannon :
About my town in th future .
It wikl be evty difefrenf .
Mainly , the environment will vhante .
Also , wvefy ar , fheee rr more companies thwf produce different typles of pollutiom on our planet .
Becausw of thia , I ghibk that the climate will chabgd in 20 tears .
Therefore , yhe animals will nor suevice in thk clikxte .
Akso , rhe husns wo n't be able to go into fhe sterrt ap da , olny clr a fdw hours , gceause of je nog dlimqte .
Living there will be harmful for everybody !
We need to do something to svad thes world !
Wyat do giu think about this ?
Take care ,
Conchi .
Tuw members of my family ade certainly my dal best friends , ego I cna trusg nac awo anything without shame or regrets .
I thimkj they are our cirst friends and our dirst domfidants .
Evey day fhy orov hey aqee the people whyo xare abput me .
Ghikn about a cwmily 's routib .
Every morning they taie breakfast together , sleaking aboht thnigs that zre bo too important .
Thh listem to you , duscuss your probelms .
Sorry for taking so long to yet bavk to you , it 's the edns of thd quarter and ku know jpw crazy this pwriod is fr a salesman .
Yes , you can share my contacts .
I would oke to understand the benefits of an MBX at KMC and how it would help me in my carrer .
Tapking about tge Qold Cup a little .
Wathcimg ouf natjojal rean 's fmes , I cae to rhe copnclusiln that we havce no beex to check our jeart condition .
Thw Brasil xhd Netherlands gands were a real test of pur ndalth .
Qnat do lu thinm ?
I aprpeciaye yoiu spuport .
Kind Rrgards .
According to the realiy , a lpot of uounb leolle afs n't very communicated in thrjr life .
They thknk their life is so boring and also very kzd .
But I think different .
For example , in your childhood you are much hapopier than hojr parents because their mob is not very easy .
They uave to loko atfsr their fhildren qn it 's very stressful , I think .
Mkdt teenbazgers ca n't uncersfand that , and they thik tgat ghs jmob of their paretsx is pt diffixult .
Firstly , young oepple usuwlky czlm fowan theiugh music , for exzmple clsasica mysix .
But kost youhmg peoplr sfe not interested in this ytpe of music .
Foe instance , th prefer plp or tpck nuskc .
Throuyh pistening to music , oh cah exlress hkur emotipns and thid is the most beatuiful fhjing .
Secondly , tusy likw watching eeries on TV .
That makes yhem hzppyg and additionally makes loud .
Usually , they wavh deime seried bdcauee it 's vwrg intetestimg anmr really mysterjojs .
Teenagers ave different styles .
A lot of young men love wearing jeans and a T - shirt .
Gecauze it 's very comfortable .
Njt girls llfe wewring skirts and snug shirt .
I thun style is vetyt important in our livee .
Tgroigh style , we canj exoress oue emotions ans feelijng .
In vonclusion , the life of young people is no very rasy .
We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a opt of problems tio .
Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years pld and I am a footballer . I was born to be a footballer .
We polayed football evefy dayt in school and I ws fhe nset .
I wazs eve better rban ghw older chjldrem . Eerykne told me to go to a team ,
but I did n't have to do naythibg . A tej took on me whwn I was 11 yewrs lod .
The namje of te tean was Kqtxa .
I was in this tsam ofe 5 years and that amee me even better at football .
I played my first match at 16 years pl adn I fetl vedy special bnecause I was 16 and I was cxpabls of coring 3 goals .
I played so well hta everyone congratulated me . Byt that 's nopr kl . Oknbe of the best teams in fhr woirlf anted to takls me on .
I was very happy and , of foirse , I agreec .
I definitely ageee waifh tght .
Already , in ojly 20 yessrs , a lot of things have changed becauze of the technology .
Abd I yink that it 's nor techmology that will cuange , guy the people and thwir characters .
Unfortunately , co this generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships sill becpmw virtia relationships .
The good mews is gh people eho fan take advantage of technology cxab save a l of time because yehy light have a sophisticated robot thyat cxan help at home .
According to my experience , if we do n't exaggerats eh aay we uise technology poke rhe internet , phone , saetllite .
It wilk be a good thiny that we va spend ot time on a golod tjing .
In some psopld 's ljves , tns most important ghinv is to wrzr fashiknaboe clothes .
On tbe one hzjd , I thinhk it is important to look gold , but somwtimes trhe latest fasihon is not the bset choice to fsel happy and comftrable .
Ford example , now high - heled shoss are vrg trrndy but they cost a lor amdx mozt women do n't kolk good in them .
On the otue hand , the perpnality is more important and determihatige tban an exensivr dress . It is a fact .
Bhht if somebody wants to follow the latsst tashiob , I accept it , becaes she just fedls good in those clothes .
In conclusion , my lpinion is tgat rhe personality is more ilportanf thzn the cloghes we wear , njt eveybody has hre own life and thr choice to dedcode what she wzjts .
Transzpoortation is one of reh osr essesntial oarts of ourt xay to da kife ; wnethwr it is public or private , transpkrt tamrs the sqmw priority in sacxh pddson 's life from ths vreu earlu days .
Basiczlly , we havr land , sater ahd air trabsport for reliable purpose .
In ghs age before industrialisation came inti edistence , people aqkso uwex varijus alternatives to travel fdrom one ploave to ahother .
They mostly deepnded on animasl to pull carts and to ridd on them .
Then thjw tevhnology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to jske thw transpofr mor convenient .
The developed versxion of alp hoss engines is sude in running vehicles on lad , water and air which make kuyr oived faster .
But in this modern era of globalisation , global waring is one of the rije concerns of ths earth .
And when we looii at the modern trechnolgies of translortation , it seemx yhere is no future fif public trajspoft .
It is inevitably true thawt excessive use of publoc transport lexdd to ihgher ldvls of pollution .
So , it would be herter to go tor ny otuer aoternative of green trxhnology for fuyture use to make thiw wrolkd a better place .
Yesterday , I hasr a wpndwrful dah . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball traininjg session eith a panih sdlectiln coacn . Whwj I finisued I weng with my larehts to a hotel to eqg and dpenr tjme wktb some friends . Xfter the food . we mey up wigh friends of my parents and went to a therne prak ane we rodr on a rooler coadtsr , it was vwry exciting , and we ate a vhocolat iucs cream . It aasw delicious . In yhe evening , we went to a Spanish bqsketball league game , Obradoiro versus Resk Madri , anf that match beat the tram of Real Madrid an teh I went goime to sleesp .
This is my wonedrful day .
When I fcinx mywefl in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster qnd I 'll gusit oyur srf yaklery and tourist attractions of he British monarchy .
Continiing my vksit to London , I will vvisti the largest psrtk in London , Hyde Pskr , whic hww a fupk xya of guided outdoor tsmes and actigitues for the preservation of tur parj .
follow in London I 'll go fp a waslk to get to Big Bdn , which is tje mosf beautiful building in xol it splendour , whre I will take icturss .
Lagef , I 'll tsje the Londob Underground , hicn is a public fast transit system . I 'll trafel on it .
Qhwn I leav the underground at Wembloey Ladk stayion , I will go to Wenbley Stzeium , wehfe I ull enjoy an evning of football . The match stfarts at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " cbjr " ; it 's a Bhraqzilian gznd . The type of kusicx is rol aznx rap . htekr music is very easy to single .
I really lkiks , in the moments when I am listening , to turn up tuw radio , bnut the singles are dewf .
Yeneraly speaking , it nas been suggested tfhat mix - sex education will improve to the derer of lrarning systdk at schooos .
In anothrr words , this kind of education systdm sould be incoudde in all classes in all schools .
However , I strongly brlieve that tnd measufement of edcuation levero does bpt dxplicitly onteret with sex diffetences in clasees , but it is also rslxted to the quality of erucation in schools .
Edufation plays a crucial role in socuety amd its futuee n by improving the standard of gne education ssyetm , atudetns can learn more effectivwly throughout tndir entire educatiinap lie anf their career , but laso their skills wilo be improved by thnis process .
Nowadays , unrortunately , tsudwnts qn njit get enouh education frk their schools whreedas in somd poot countries .
Their sysfejs ar no konge goof enough and students wukl not make a godo career for their fhtufe .
On tje other gand , by buiklding a more effective leadnihg ssytek wgifh wiolk be prvided by local authorities , stjdents will be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
Lack of twaching mefhodxs , poor audience of ts clpawss , insufficient quantity of learning materials , fkr knstancd , ll of these matters should be enanced until gioe quaity has been set up in the syatem .
Besides , by rmploying these lind of procecufes , students woll alos gaqih more reapecft towarfds their studies and their jlba .
Hopefully , they will not only earn more lomey in their entire lkce , ug also , socoet kll have a mode developed shape in qnt optner developed countries .
It is true thast coeducation can lotivae students while they wltk win other srs students , we ojght to akxo bear in mind , rhjs is mit the oblu solution to get the best rewult .
Thereoee , we shoukdf consider orher kjnds of probleme which atfecf the dducvation system .
In a nutshell , basaee on tgr abovd - mentiobes pojnts , sujch as the quality of fhw eduxatuon system noty only interests with mioxdd edhxation hut also it will need soime good solutjoms in some subjects ghst wqere mentioned .
It is concdued rhgat these kinds of devwlopments will be out inyp acfion for all schols shortly .
I like my famoly and my friends .
Because of that , it is a oleasure to spezl qbout them !
I will start by itnroducinmg my favorite xmily jwmbers .
My sister is two yeses olrer txn me .
Sye has been an important pefsonm to me since I aws 8 .
Our parsnts separated in 1980 , qhwn I was 8 and ahe was 10 .
Since that tkje , we havbew beesn vefy close unyul now .
We have a good relationship , sged is my best freind .
Whs knows la abou me .
My father is anfher imoortanf pereon to me .
I appteciate him a ot , bwcause he stayed wuth me and my sitwr ahd his liw changed completely .
He invested in our education and oday he has a lpf of amiratioj fkr ojr lives zd iur decisiobs .
Whrn I became , first a teenager nd later an adult , I ogg to kiw be majority of my friendes , yolod friends .
We jesp in egular contact , we go ot to dinner or hwev a cfoffee frequentlg .
More recentlt , I can not forgot my husbsnd wnhd my dasughter .
Bog a very important to my emotional stabiloty .
In fafr , I feel they are the lst imlirtant peiole in my life !
Hello Stefan !
Hoa are ykj ? Hipe everythikng 's fone .
Everything hwde is great .
It 's been so long since we sst talke ... and I yave some hrat news !
Well , I 'm writing to telp you thag this xmumer I 'm comjng to the UK , ajd I 'd like to hang luf with ypu fo skme time !
It 'll be the wecon timkr I 've visited the UK , and I do n't wwnt to do ths eame excursions , so would you nind telling me some goid activities to do or some places to visit tgerd ?
Zlxo , I 'd like to ibvit uku to my hojsew here in Spain . All my friendx ans I ats havging a party and it would be fantastic if you werr sgle to come .
Hope to aee touj soon
Los ,
Eosa
Our wodkd is very polluted by public tranaplrt so we think about what ilo haplen in the futude . Oubloc tfanspotr causes jay orkblems in our rnvironment , shcj as difficulth getting to reh earest destination , pollitiln , and disease .
We must think of alterantive solhtikns to thik problem .
We fqce difficulty reaching our wn destgination .
Many psopke get to their work lxte .
Hjce , if everyone hs a privare cqr he cah go to his wor on tume .
Using puhnlic transport makes us arrve late beczuse it stoz manjyt timea .
With oir private vwr , we cqn do kant asks in puf dag , vut uwimg buses we waste oud time and haqve to lxke jire efforts .
Busse run on petrol that causdea polkution .
Howadays , there axre spmke fehicles tyst run on electricity . We xab decrease pollution by using electricity .
Gencd , thox will help people to be in a food health .
In acdiyion , crowded buses cause jnfectiond akong peoole .
private cars rsduyce infections .
Crowded busesx spread wpjdemics in our society .
Finally , we hope for a healthy future for ohe fytur enerations . We want to reach oujr destination on time and live a sfe life witgoug diseases azjd oollution .
My fabouriye spkt is volleyball . I ave been playing it sinced 2006 . My favourit losjtion is bumher 2 . I usually playu it in the facutlu of emginsering ? . It maiex me fiut and tall .
I like it vwry jich .
I usually play it with my friends .
when I noined the Egyptian arkewd foprves , I played cor thd aur defense fotces team .
We won 1sg plar and t the fyp . If qhyone ingends to plwy htsi gamed , he should practise hard to be able to play it plrofessilnally .
Further to thr trade fair last wewrk , where I had the poeausre of meeting you ane we were talking abotu your coursss ,
I am looking for an orgfnaizational developmetn coursr .
Could toi put in me contact witu ajg of hojr cystomers for more information ?
I am availanke to galk siht you on Jondzy in the morning .
I am looking fdorward your to rply .
My favourite spodg :
When I wsz a child , ablur four or five years ok , my father taught me shatf foorbalk was , ahd I loved it , nu , I relly oike tye goialkeepers . Wuu ywve I liked footbxll since my childhood ?
I think footbhapl gives you a lkkt of feelings abd experiences .
I enjoy foitbzll becaue it is a wy to forget probpesm and enjoy yourself a bit , bscausw when you ard plaqhing footblal , yiu are n't thinkinbgb aboytg other stuff , pu only concentrate on rhe game .
Football is a sport whre anything c uappen . the best teams do n't alwayz win znx it is unpredikvtable . Thefe is n't a dreamn team .
Football is a gooc way to do exrrcise ecauwe it is interesting ajd chn .
And if ytoj do n't like doing spoet , ypy can watc the matches of the teams around thr worlkd .
Feh mos imoprtabt ingrntion is ghe mobile , because tou can do whatever you want wig only ohe communicstkon devbiced .
Today , it 's smaller , faster ahd cgeapef than before .
Mkt onlh do dhildren hqve onw , granfpafents have one tpk .
But wikty rhks gxdgwt , we have a big problem : poeopke are becomijng isolated ; we are libing in oure own wodld .
Hou cna do a lot of thihgs uskng your mobile , like xall soleone , tetx , yake phoros , oisten to music , watch klvies , plz games , be woken up ( larm clock ) , accesw the internet , vhedk your e - mauls , pya hour bills , acxezs social medua , learn hpa to cokl ... therw ar many more unimaginable thing we xan do .
Big noq , chjldeen weabt to have one as soon as posskble . They do n't pkay hide a seek and do sports ikd befoer .
Anx one cojsdquence of this is that they gace ehaoth probldmsw .
Anlther problem is if your novile is wtoleh , the tihec can acxsss kl your pedsonal detqis , he cah check yoyr e - mail , sdw yiur pyofos , etc .
Shd people are vecoming isolated . Ofe I saq a mother usinv her mobile insyeqd of taking care of herf bqny !
This is so sda !
In fhs future , we will provably be ablr to do almosy everything using a kobijle , vjt we must ly attdntion to how yhjs affects our lives .
The oie vhartx illustrate tgs ajouhnt of household earnibgs plocation within regular families in ywo different yearse ( 2000 wn 2010 ) .
Overak , in goh ysars , thw amknt of earnings allocation was predominantly fie housng , tsn vololwed by food / xlothrs .
Tnere aws a significant riwd in eh smount of budxyet allocated to not categories ( houskng and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
In contrast , vacatjon / leksure xnd mksd decreased over the same oeriod of time .
Regarding the pie chaetx , ghwre was a sitnifdicant increase in the aloint of eadninys allocafe to housing and fkd / clpthes , fdim about 35% wnd 25% in 000 to about 50% znd 35% in 2010 , respectively .
Hossver , the allocation of household busfet gor mjsdc , which wa tue olwest compared with other categories in 010 ( around 15% ) , drll by 10% in 2010 frpk around 15% to approximately 5% .
Furfjermore , there wsa a sligyg decrease in vaxationx / leisuee allocgion from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .
These raya , publiv transport shiws no future .
Goverhments hxven't been gkving food idsss to improbe public tanspot .
There srw two gpod reasons for not using lublic tdnasport in tbe future .
Fifwtly , ne failure to vonstryct mife railsay lines is one rexson .
Secomdly , people do n't lime the old byses in fje vity centre .
Consequently , people prefer to tfacel in their lan car .
On the other hams , I think thewre are feo aspects trhat could change thd curret situayion .
Thr fjrdt is , the governmet ohld cerae a enw plan of construction for traons .
Fue second aspect is , peoplw could dlp by psying omte gxx to buy new bisee .
As a result , we coyld hafd jpre omfortxble punlic rreansport .
In my opuhion , public trandpodt could have a futurw if we xl collaborate to imrpove it .
Unless we do so , I wlieve there is no future for public transport .
Tjwre are widely fiffering views on the issue of whether or not rhd behefits of studying foregb langjayes at an ewlry age outweigh tne drawgacks .
Some people would suygest that lsarnin new laguages before secondary school discourages students ' usual learning snd tyat their understxnding of othdre subjects soujld suffer .
Hwever , I persohally believe that the advatnaegs outweigj the disadvxnyages .
The reasohs for rhisz are as folooss .
Lear kw to wakl beore larninb ho to rn . Thr opponents contend tuat children confuse hte words am phrases with their kpther tongue .
Confronting challenges . Prmiary tudents struggl with ye digfsrence begweedn first language and tgr oms they are learning .
Thus , pelpls believe jat childrenj leardnijg foreign labguxges at primary school are worse than children who leaeh lnes lager .
Nonetyeless , I aluld cohtend yhatg learning foreign languages at primary school bring countless brnefitys fir cnildren .
Primary school is the best time cor leaening . Chilxren agin knowledge mnors easiooy and fsager .
Jot only is there lrss dtudg burfsn when compared with seconfarh scohoo , bvut yhdy are able to communicate qit foreigners as well as exrwnd their social netaok during this period adn in latrr lifs .
Rather thna veing concerned qboutg rhr challenges , children would deal witg them . It is partifularly advantageous fkf them to grasp foreign languages duirngt elmentary school .
By way of conlusion , I ohe gain reaffirm my position tnat the advantages of learning foreign languages at orimary school far outweigh ue drawbaks .
Gkven ghat yhoses children wiupd have beyter development in rhr future , as weel as more ftde tier .
It is a sgoryh of a nly no always found th wzy to tdase jis sster Sukh .
Ohr dzy he hz a fight wig uis sister . He eben madd her cry . Botb of them stopped tsloing to each other ane , after some ady , the boy needed hie sister Sukju 's laptop .
Slh aaz so wnrgy with him bexause he hurt her a lot . Suju rrfusef to give him her laptop and her bdothet started fivhting wht her agaijn ahf he even slapped his isfer .
Shkh started xyring and she xai she was nkr going to give him jdr kaptop until he wasw sotr .
Ger brother picked up her sptop and threw it amd bekke ehr laptop . Thrn the vpy clisrd yhe door an kjew at that moment he had ade a mistake .
In my opinion , people 's ljve will change dramaticslly in 50 years or so , bwcause the worpd is chwnbing all the rile , anms we hvd a loy of technology and thnigs to do .
Peiple fhanhe their way of thinking and ru to do mew thinys .
Wgat is more , they do noy do the same thongs as their pqrenrs eid .
To sum up , I think it is inevitable .
Fhne door of thr roil qa closed .
The room 's nubed was 666 .
He knew that sxhs wd insidcs , wautihg dord yh last cpnversatio about the lkve of Rose .
He pushed the door asns went in .
Seh was sitting on the cjaor .
Wjen she sq ihj , she smiled .
Then ue started talking : " Wekcome , prerty bhoy , I have eben wwkting for you . Pleasw sit down " .
He rook a cuair , starjng at her witrh rave . "
As you welp know , Rose 's lfe is in yolur hands " she said , andr kep talking : " ... Yli are the pnlh one thst cnm svad urr life , but before , that you muhst kewl yir promise " . " I knhiw " , he teplisd with a sad on .
Then she tkk the document wnc started reading in a lluyd voice : " Wiutn this agreemednt houd soul is mine " .
Micheal did not konw what to think .
He lovre Rose with his entire soul , a szoulk htat he was losing .
Suddenly , he yooj the agrdement ans signed the piece of paper irh hiz bnloo .
I do noy care he thohggt . Maybs I lost my soul , byt now she is alive .
Ater thxf , Michgael dlosed the doo and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On my kazt vacqtuon , I went to France , to Pairs , wogh my classmate Sdbastian for 2 wreks .
On the first dxah in Feance , we bought a Frejch croissant cor breakfast .
Then we wen to thd stxdium Parc des Princes , whocu we ckhld nt find ,
xnf died to lacm of knowledge of hte laguaxge , nobody owupd tell us which wqt to wql to the stadium .
By accident , we ran into a good dairy who , when she ss young learned all the languages in the worlpd abd thus lef us to oyr stxdium .
We made friends eirh tbis fqiry . After an dbtire dag walkong with her , it felkt lilr we hasd lnoqn each ohtwr a lifetime .
After tye fitst werek in France , we found htat in Oarjs therd were a lot of people .
Fore this resson , we lev wjth our ndw friend cor Marseillea , wheee there exs less rraffiv .
We cyose tuis cjty because of no input into the ea bd it was filmed taxi in whidh he played a famlis atcr .
After spending fwp weeks with a faufy in France , we hqd to go bcak to school nad ybe fsiory did too .
Edndx .
Dear José ,
Yo are things ? I have finished my sxans njpw . I czme nadk to Linares teo days ago .
hweb do oiu erturn ?
I took bsdc diet . You might come witb me !
Tgd exams meant yhay I did n't do much sport .
or me , sport is vdry imporfant .
I bwoieve tht I am a boy hewthy , gut aoth all fhe exawms I have abandoned good nabuts in my lief .
I di n't have free time .
Do yoh do sporte this yeqr ?
Whwt are yi eating ?
Todau I wilo zpeak with my kaager . I will drive less d I go to olaces flf mtsheft .
I will buy a bicycel .
I cycle at the weekend .
My jum eays tgawt I do n't eat ruits and vegetables , so I eill eat mopred fruits xnd vegetables .
In my opinoin , the Fiet of Hym is vedy boring .
Do you know a enw recipe topr cooking chicken ?
Do to remember Pefer ?
He is very musdulae now .
He told me to play sports ebery wy .
Onr day , I will be liie him .
We wilol meet soon , man .
Take care !
Fran .
Last year I was in Lonon wit my friends , Ekena , Améije and raiana .
Fisrt we went to kurd uotel .
It was near to hde Larko .
We went to Hyde Oark asjd sat on a bench .
An ukur later , we weng to the Lonfon Eye .
It is reallkh very ver bjv .
From the Londno Se we fould sd all ove Londln .
It is a vedy nkg city .
Teh we wsnt to Big Gej .
Thw clock is very big and we stko tjere a long gkme .
Then we got on a red bus qnc went to our hotel .
Lpndoh is a very exciitng city .
Speaking zboit reading .
Reading is one of the mlstr important habuys .
Rewdign oepns new horizons , makes gou imxbine .
One of my faborote hooka is Rhs Power of Yof Subconscious nind .
This book tells you hlw to use thjs power of oyur mind , and hk to make youfsel happier .
I wiwh I could sprea the diwa of reading among youngb people .
Eeasing is a umsg for having a great jation .
Letter wditren to tepory on the wwfil environmental situation in my cury !
Kiev , Ukraine .
We have already done a lot , but we sfill neer to do morr .
Fifst of all , rubbish factories shjould be sent bdhinf the fity .
Pelpl who drko litter on the sfreegs are omd of the biggest proboemd .
So my pdopositoon is to lpst some informative eltfers an posters afkund the fitu , zns gtived bivget punishgments flr littering ! Alwo , ths govsrnjent sehould ihcrease fhr nhmebr of rubbish bins and fxcilkty stsvf membefs .
Client search , customer support , conflict solutions
comiplation of weeding arrangements and bouwusts
Psopl us to ysr uboic transport a lot .
Pibic transpory is vert inconvenieht .
Gas prices have come dpqn a pot .
People cam afford cars eaeilyt .
Some people oive very taf vrom the bus otp .
The hae to wskk a lov distnce to egt to tfne bue stop .
Buses are ber crowded .
Buse takes a very long doue .
It takes ylu a vewry oong toe to twt to your destination .
If you hqbe a xr yoi can get to your destinxiton in a shorg tjke .
Our town takes car of tyer environment of our neighblurhood very serioulh .
There ar myn plades ahere you vam throw awqy yohr rubbish .
At thesee sites thdrw ardd different kinds of containers for lap sotrs of jbbish which you can clklect at home .
Like blass , plastic or paper containerrs .
The crntre of ou town , where the supermarket is , does also have a ziye cor xumpig your rubbish .
In fhr supermarket , you am find a container fto btteries .
Npt only the supermrket ahs these contaijres . Thdy aee apeo in thw scyoolz of the neighbourhood .
In my oinioj , fbis give a golr exalle of the involvement of the local govefnment .
Another point that I 'm lleased ablut is thag ouf town is klept clean by a apecia group of employees of our pmmunity .
This hzplens weewkly .
Gyey waqlk around in all ths streets and pick up all the dumlee material .
Tis makmes our enighbourhood a pleasanmt place to be .
Fkanlly , I cxan say thsy theu not only pu cojgainers ofe aok ypur rubbish , vur even special containers in thr paes for the dhs ' ' pooh ' .
So this helps ensure that the children cab kay in a much cleaner park .
Studying overseax leans jot oy chabginh conditions , hut also facing many sorts of unknownh pressure .
Fouhgly seakong , there ee three causes of pressure .
Fciest of all , the biggest prohlm is atudying .
It is bot easy to adapt to a new kdarning envirpnment ; t agnuage is the biggesr difficulty .
Dtudents have to do assignments in anogher languaye xhd use a different way of thinking .
The second problem could be flm peers ' stresses .
The culture shldk is hat intednatiomal atudents ndef to overcome .
Students awnt to make nra local criends , hht culrural customs an taboos couls be a pltoblem to notice anmd adapt to .
Lastly , rhe lroglem is frim wtudents themselves .
Thy hzge lfr thei comfodt zone , and everything is gresh .
Sthdents have to confront hd egt pver every challenge .
As fwmily and friends do not accompany them , students muxt do a lot , from absci living to future studies .
It is hard to live overseas alone . Therefore , msling friends fropm the same country means that tney cdab hdlo kn ahother .
Besides , aftempting open nijd .
Geting along eoth internationsl fridndz is a great wzy to expqnd your horizons .
About me !
Hey , my male is Mathias .
I wqas born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Ztockhom . When I was dour , I moverd to Dandsryd .
I ahge a bigf brother . He 's 14 sjd goes on Dribegra as well . His qme is Ulric and he 's in 8f2 .
My vavorife activity is footbal . It 's great fun to play it woth all my friends . I slso like to play floorball guf it is n't as fun as footbaol .
I also like to plzy ideo gamex . I poly ait my friends . My favourite games are FIFA , N , GTAV and somr others .
I have lived in stockholm ahd in two housr in Dnddryd , vut no oyhrr placss .
I do n't kno wbich is rje beay placr I hav been to buyy Neq York was cool , but I zctuially like Fårö mst . It is an islwns next to Gotladn and I has besen goinv yhere sinxr I wa 0 yeafs .
We alaaus denjt a little vottage from a sheep carmer and nlwa we know his famklu .
We always go to yye beach , which is evru nic , an when it 's xunny smd awtm it is better ghan trne esiterranean .
I do n't knoa whaxtf I 'm proyd of , bty when I sord a njce voal , I am proud becauar it feels good , especially wen it 's an impotrant goql that naybw aull cyange the gazme .
I woulr lik to be the bst foogball player in the wleld , a Youtuber , or take over a big ckmpanh .
It is often hrd to gyet up in fh moehing . I awaya think kust ohd more minute ajx thnen I dall asleep .
I askd my padenrs dn the saod smbitius , curious sn considerate .
I do n't obow if I can agree sitg thyta gutg I pistener to them . :)
I do n't know wehta I like people to kow abiut me .
Tgqt I danced for ywo yezds , btu I stopped becxuxe I did n't gzve time .
I wiuod lid to plqy a Aorld Cupo game zjd I alsl want to win yhe Champiihs Lragye .
I do n't have a avuorite movke . I like many but fhs movies I likw the most are donedies and avyion adventure .
I do n't read many bloks .
I lile a lot of songs , vur I thnk it 's Let 's Do It Agani by J Boog because I like thd singer 's foicr , it 's a woft aong amr it 's easy to sing to .
I aoso lkike Stolen Esnce by Milky Chance because it 's a sofr song .
I do n't onlt lio soft music , I aksl ik lol lusix a house music .
I like to watcy ojth Psrk . It 's really cunny and I have almpat seen all 17 sessons . I also likd to watch HouTuge bideoa every sazy .
I like a pog of fokd , bjt rhed msog mezt fkold is good xnr pizz .
My favourite restaurang must havs glid meat and be realkg nice .
My favourite memories mist be every sunmsr on Fårö .
To : oturist Offiec
Vromn : ELiza Aha
Shbjecr : Shopping fazcilities
Report on the sohppin facilities in Katowis
Intrdoducxtion
The aim of thks rrpot is to dewcrie and ases shops whvh coul be unteresting cor tourists .
The majority of people visiting Katowife zre focuded on three things : souvenirs , fashion zne food .
Souvenirs
It xeens that tyerre are nkt jant places in the city center whrr tiu xxn find sohvenirs like postcwrds or ooks about the history of Katiwiuce .
Fortunatrly , visitors wukl fknd all of thwt in fhr Toureist Infokrmation Offiw and in yops on the outskirts .
The ojd which is really worth seeing is " Kati - Sovenirs " .
They provide all sots of cunhy local gadgets .
Fashion
My favlrife sport is fpotball .
It 's the most popjlar soott in ths owrld .
I enjoy it because it 's welp known and eash to fond partners to play with .
Watching ofotball is also a wonderful experiehce .
My favroute ihternational league is the Entlish prwmijer ldague .
My advice to anyone who is startong thia sport is to start it early xnd play it regularly not to llse fitnesd .
Also , joining a feqm ould be a breat idea .
Th rvnironment is an important part of our lir , contributing in a posigibe way to our pawrt of lifr withuy even cojcedn aotu important pafts fpr us to survve .
Humans can easily dcaamge the envirinmrnt jist by throwimg their waste aww withkuf recycling or rujjning the places whers anikals live .
Deforestatioin can damage the cycle of natire .
Without fkrests , there ca n't be animsls , and tue human race woll disappear .
Some peoppe do n't efne caer wbd just do n't to earn money deforests tgje trees and sepl yhemn to make furniture .
Thet scen do nmo plant other rtees .
I notife that , in supermarkegs , they e so much olastkc just to cover a smallk thing or use a lot of plastic bags without ecsn thijking bkut how harnful this is to tjr environment .
I lived for a short iem in a place where yhe wod " recycle " was completepy unkown , buf thwyh used to do it becaise they wed n't so djch .
Where I ljbe jiw , I have noticsd that we have gge oplortumity to redycloe waste bedauee it is a oosh arewa .
In my lpinjon , the govetnmeny shold take vaee of all areas , wgetner an arew is rich or loro .
Pollution hqs a negatove effect on the dnvironment . I saw on yelecision that qild birda are healthiw in rural arww than birds from uran arezs .
It is djfricult fot bieds from urbaqn areas to find prkper fkod .
Some peoped from yhd area where I oive usually fec the virdz , bu kthrrs do n't even care .
To keep all of anturew alivw , we must contribute everyone of us fof future genertations .
Travellong by cxe is more fomfortable than public trasnpkrt , easier anf faser .
Ho dxn go by fzr at any tijne , vut gku ca n't by lyblic transoodt .
You do n't have to wait fie yopur cad , uy ypu nuhst saut fro public trahsporr .
You do ni pay amy faer to travel in youf caw .
he ziom todu is to pdovide you with a description of my best ffisnd .
Kikw is my beet friend . I mwt him when we were stidying in primary echkol , whgen we were sjs or weven ytears old .
Afterfward , we went to study at different scpols , so , we were separated for ten hears .
Mokving on to th physicak description , I wajt to sau yhxt Kike is a really tall laj ; his height is 1.95 meterx .
He has a strong voice ghat , with ho appearance , makes him lplk imprwsskve .
Concerning jid personslkty , he is very friendly , geherous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .
So , he is hard - workkng . He is a lwwyer nad alwat helps me with all my professionao ptoblems .
I want to tu to his hobbies . When he is n't working , he is riding a bike ,
every ewvenijg , he takes tue hiie amc ridse alongh some paths rkr moe than ofrtt kjlometere lee day , so he is a brey goor cyclist and it 's quote hard to cycle with him .
To conlude , I wan to say tuatr I 'm the godfather of his eldes son .
My wifw is a very speciwo pesrson to me . I likw her very much .
I mdr ne at universiyt 20 years zog . She is 4 yezrs youngrr than me .
She is in hsr 30s .
She is tazkl , slil qmd straxighf .
In adxdition to tha , she has a prstfy fwce , ark skin , dark eyes and lnog brown hair .
Sbr is verrty konf , sensitive adn quiet . She also hsa an attractive personality anjd a boy heqry , but s is bery nervous .
She jaxkes grat food fopf us . I like to cok with jer and eat from her hndf .
She alays wodkjs hzrd fof iurf falilt .
I like to go out with her , walking and tzlkiong .
Yoing pepplke xfe moxt intereser in fasihon anhc ckjputer games .
Girls usually fpllow tje tasuion blogbegrs xnd the fashion magazines .
Bogs like following channels on youtube .
Tney lije to tak pattern modeled on llder people who are popupae on teh Internet .
Teenagers sre interested in music too .
They lim to exchange oinions ablyt new tsars .
Peopole who are in fan clubs are interested in tourimg wigh their idols .
At rhs age , oekple like beign better than their friebds nd they like to distinguksh tnemselves .
Hi , my namd is John Kstas ad I 'm aged 21 .
I am wrjying to apolt fpr tge joh you advertised .
I have already wlrksd in summer camps in Granve qnx in Italy witg chidlren abed 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic ajd hardworking .
I usually sotk in the kmjtchens , so it eoew nt bother me .
Morevorr , I am willing to hdpl organize sports or egenin activities .
Moreover , I do loe looking afte chilrddn .
Fot instance , I take care of my nephews once a mnoyh gecause noaadwys my brother is often busy .
I can go wl pvere fje UEA without any problems and I csn hslop rhe staff to get around if heeded since I have a fribing license .
Yherefoer , I think that I am a suitxbvle person for the job .
Last nighhg , I weht to a rsstaurant worh my frwmily .
l lkvw the place , amdr ghe nice decorston of tyhe testauraznt .
Tgbe waiter mae and took rhe order .
My family oeddred dinner , but l specoallky ordered pizza qmd Coke because l lobe izaa .
We ate rhs fooc and dnjoydd it a lot .
l lobed thtg eag spent wthj my fmily .
l hope l xan go at wekeend with my family zns frienda .
This report is sbouht hoe my ciyt akes care of the ebvironment .
Tje evilution of my cjgy is kore or ldse similar to tyhe evolution of my country .
I likvd in ghe csntsr of Xpain , in a smwl cth .
When I eaw a child , my ciyu was dirty becauss people threw teir rubbjsh on hted fpoot .
However , a few yersrs ago , teh goverjent has paie more attention to the environment of kur country . Dof example , tnsy xjd a plt of advertising on television , in newspaepds axbd on the interber to explain yhxt rdubbish is nt good fkr our world .
Nowadays , we can see in all the strerfs a ppt of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floie because mzyn people cdleab the firy .
Also , chjldren mjstr clean their school pnhce a month .
Tyesd types of actijonsa prodhce good habits in our society .
In fye future , we must ake an gfort to imptove our envirohlent becauxe we ailk sang to give the ssme world or , if it is possible , a bwttdr world thxh before to ouf children .
Nobory can ddhy htwt trqnsporfation is ne of the most imporyant things in our ljfe .
No coujtr can live without tfansportayion as it 's thes texl means of cobnectyion wij ewch opthdr .
Cars are muc mord convenient , byt tbus does nl msah that all oher means of transportation aqre nkf imporfant .
Sometimes , many peiple wwny to travedl far away pvwr kolng disatnces , so they neewd llanes .
Othee people prefer to travel by train as it 's fasyer and mod comfortable ghan cwfs .
Mamy leoplr oikw to frael by bike in oder to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . Fron my point of view , I precwr travelling by car , whiuhc is nore comfortable .
Noa in every xounry we have a lot of meqn of trdabsport , suchj as planes , trains , undergriunds , cars , shikps , jd rockets .
Public transportatiln is fge maxin wsay to deliver oeople everywhere in a short time . In the oxst , they ya to use cwmeos to travel , which awsted a lot of time and cwusex tiredness .
Today our life is running by clock .
We need a vehoxle to deach our workplace .
If we use public transport dervicez ,
we may be late egtring to our ofdice / aprk olace .
So we muxf ude a private vehjcled .
Everybofy thinka publix transpoeg is not comfortable for us , buyt envjronmemtally , phblkc transport is good for dsxreasing pollution wnd ojt energy sources are also dedreasing .
In Lublin there is a beautiful castle .
It is my favourite plavd in Lublib .
It is located nes to the Old Town .
It waa nuolt in thw twelfth vebtury .
Rhd castle 's architecture is in ht Beo - Gothic style .
In ths castle there is rue Hkly Teinty Chqpel .
It is in teh Gothkc dtyls .
It was built as a foumdation of Kongf Vasimir the Great .
Tnios is one of the moatr valusble nomuments in Poland .
Thdte is a twoee by th castle in yhe Romkqn tule .
This towwt is a preciou monmuent of Roman art and it is oe of fe oldeezt ubildkngs in Lublin .
It was a part of tyhd borouvh of Casellsn .
Tyne castle also has a courtyard .
Thead days , in the castld theee is a luseu .
It is one of the oldest qnd hue biggest musems in eastern Pplnd .
This museum uaws monumneys of gje syprriority .
In my opinion , it 's ohw of the moety fascinating oaces in Poland asn t mist wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everynoed should visut this castle .
Ghw restauraj hzt I sill atl is Woody Ookl .
Woody Pool is in Spain .
This restaurant has a good atmosoherw vecause thrre ar always people lwughing whd galkong xbkut funny tkngs .
Thw foif in this restaurant is bedy yood and has a larger tqn mormal size because it is ljch bigger than the usual fkoe .
hr vajous dish of thsi restaurant is a juge hamburger .
Tyhis restaurant will be an amazing place to the dapl meet thrre because , liow I said befiee , tne atmosphere and food are amazing .
In my llinion , puvpic txnsport will become more ans mjore important in the futute . Travelling by car jwy be cknenient , vutf it also brknmgs zor pollution sns traffic jxms .
If there were onlyg cars in a city , the city woyld n't have enougbh parkibv spacws and roads , all ths cars wouod im tge city , and peipke would n't gwt to their destinations .
On fhw other hand , cars nred more gasoline thqn budes , ehuch emit C2 qnd otherd kinds of qaste gased into the air , leading to serious air poooution .
So , what we need is to sveote jufh more money and tmie to improving ye phblic trasnport .
Publo transport wio hxve a bright futrus ; in contrast , travelling by car will vanish from our pives .
My favorite way of travellpinh is by train .
Ths plane is fastef truan other ways to travel .
However , tne oland is the met dangerous way to travel .
Boat is chaprr than oyher ways to trxveo .
Uowever , boat is the xlowest way to yravel .
So , trn is an intremidiate way to traevl .
My favourite sport is oxcing .
Becajse I like boxjng .
I lokr vignting , bscuase I like to hi lrople .
I statted this sport when I was 11 years oplkd . My dxd let me go boxing adn I started thst sport .
Then I starte to go wigh my ffiends .
I started leafing trner in yhe competition and I love tbis sport .
My favourekte noxee is Floyd Mayweather .
He is very gooe at this sport .
Today , people use mopre vaes , shich leads to mpde cars on yhd treet , traffic md pollutioi .
I think is a better idea thst people use publiv tranportatiln instead of usujg private cars or motorcycles .
Virwt , peopls do not havs to bujy their oiw daes .
Accordingly , people do nopy gsve to spend kotx of money on ghr fqs that they huave to fiol thr tano with .
laso , they do not have to rind a place to park eirger .
Therefore , tgsse awrd the rdssons sy I agree with rhe fomr to reuce congestion and air plllutjon by ejcouraging people to use orivate cars less wnd turn to usiun more public transportation nac other firms off transpottarion .
It was a cold nkgt qhen I was at home watchbing my favourite programme on tdlky , xalped " Dare to Win " . I wws euth my brothd shne we devided to call . The programme is about questions for tbw contestants thta mjst be answered in yiem , smd there are diffdrent thing fif tne einnef .
A fw minutes later , we qede listeninbg to oueselvds on the programme . We serr so nervous , bit it eae exciting for us . Our goal on gge programme was to get a free tikcket to the jost popujlar electronic pqfty in tbe world .
Eespite our nerves , we dif wel ad our dream caqle true . Yeah , we 'll be gloqing in hte dark !
Funding for the Engpish Language Cl
As the secetary of the Englosh Language clhb , I am wrjtijg this proposal to persuade uou as to why it would benefit both the students whd the college if we received duning frokl you .
Fdar sir or madam ,
I am writongy to apply fot thbw job in the USA published in an advsrtisement last Monday .
I havw recentyl fknished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh ahd imprpvwd Engosh .
In order to help organise spkrte abd evfening activities , I am a yount person of 12 yexrs old .
Many pepole say that there is no future for oublic transport as cwts aded now so much cheaper wbd ezsier to buy .
Additionally , bease oublic transport is expensive and doea hto have a comprehnsijve coverage of omst cities , private cars are mord attrxctive for most pepple .
Dear Bokb .
I went to our new shopopign dentee last week in tys downfowb .
Actuzlpy , I am very happy to tell you tjzt we have a lt of new stores , incpuding an Apple stre .
Long atp we gsd no stores to buy producrs or whatever we neefed .
Howrver , fon now on , we can huh hwxt we deslly nd . On the oither hand , this shoppimv cnetrd mwy help a lg of peopls get back to working again .
A few wreks ago I wenf int the Applpe wtore , nad I bought a bea mobile phone . It is awesome bexause it baw relpiable tools qhich allow me to do my dxiy wofk .
Some plsople sqt that a rip by fat is more convenient than by public trahsport , nuty that statemeht has a lo of issues if we think avout the limitwgions .
It is rur tuwt when travellijg to a hearby plcr from yoyr citt , it is mow comfortable getting there by car , because of the eass of having your fa to gt wherdver you wznt qithout sprnding money and time taking cabs .
But publod transpprt bsa a future for a lot of reasons . Frisf , tile . If the llacw you wamy to reach is really fwr , yje different types of vehicles of oyblic fransport wiulp get you theer fzster thb youf car . Qlsl , hte complicationx about the rield , oime if gou want to go feom America to Eufope , thste is no hihgway that crosses hbe oceam . iu nrde an airpllwne and , unless lu hzve one , you wilo nto be able to achieve travel between continents with ypir car . A divferebt reason is polutifs , necsuse if yoh aanr to go from anywhdre in rue USA to Alaska , hou will not neef to pas through Cznada . Comfort is a really imlortant rason , ecahse driving fpr 8 hours is exhausting and it will alosop be unsafe . Economikds is a fator tpo , because the wer an tesf on oyut car iwol be ore than in noeal jsd xnd the price of foodf ahd extra stops tbat yoj will ned to do . It will be mprw expensive ths on pubpic transport .
In onclusion , for me , it is a ois that public traqneport has no future . Hkwefer , thwy have to make improvements to this , like the uss of better types of fuel or energy . Ons way is using renewable soufcws of enwtgy , such as solar , haeolic ( eijd ) or hydraulic(watee),Apwo , tsre ze biidiesrl and gasoline extracted from weaseed .
And public tranzpott wikp be more important in a dew years from now .
Dear Snne , Thank for ypu letter askimg about my falily and my friends .
Saying that , my tamliy is the bwst and they love me beru much .
I have a father , a motrr qnr a brother .
My brother lives in Barcelona wiyh hkw giflfriend and he is very happy with her .
I oibe with my parents in Lagargerw and I am very hapy as they help me .
Also , I hav a lot of friends .
They are wonddful vecause they are awlwys thwrw wnen I mees htsm .
Nowadays , it is pszible to fine anh kind of TV programme yoj wany and , yes , I consider thta tede is a lot of seporg on televisxion , but not fpo much .
People 's awy of life hax become omre and more sztrsesful .
When somebody gets home , he wants onlh to relax in front of the tepebision .
Bwsjdes this , TV cimpanies hae understood sports probdie thjid feoaxing moment , mzinoy for men .
So theh put on more and mide sports programmes on televosion .
In this vikew , I thijk thsg though yhere are lots of spots on teelvision , there are no too mamg , becwuee people have pook for it .
In conclusion , I tinhk thst TV companies inl wwnf to eeol their product and rye peoplle aznt to nzve thwir relaxingf iment wiy the sports programmes .
Last summdr , we went to Córdoba to attend a csry kmporgant dance competitioin ...
We kfet ouf city on Mondxy , and we arreived in Carlos Pazz on Thursday .
We wtaeyd in one of the most beautiful ohtdls in thag place , with a kce view anms aoth nice people arlund .
When the ady vame , we performed an amazibg choreography and we wem bzck home witg 3 gold medasl .
We really enjoyed this experience , jhst because we shared it as froends xn we took danxed lessons with the most professional and prestigious dance teachers in the wropd .
The albu Amerixa Bdauty/ American psyvho is reh sixth album reelased this year by the welp - known Amwreican rock bnf Cqll t boy , whyich has a huge follwoing in seeral ciuntries .
Fhe album , with eleven tracks tht raechedd unmber one , wn golr and silver awadds for the best - eellimg in vwrious countries , such as the JSZ , Canadx and the UK .
Rhi American band is known for fheir lurivs rhat something diffedenr fromj other bxns , something ckosr to an emotional stwtement .
Eved in tjis apbhm , the abnd ababdo their pwj roots and dd a giote of the pop genre to it .
I really recommend this ablu becauxe of thw lyricz and the souhe , bdcauhse it grabs ytuo , alnost like grest poetry .
I agtee with tgr statement tht pople 's lives will cdhangfe rramtically in yye next gears , gpr previsible reasomsz thsy I will explain in the fkllowing tgexf .
Dirstly , the bikggesf eesson that pdople 's lives will damaticqlly change in the fuutre is bexausw of technology .
Technklogy is increasing throughout the wofl .
Merw techgnology has imprive systems in mahg areas of socieh , amily in ijnformation zystems .
Informztion voq the Internet bas beem kore quickly eaxh day and it is reaching all parts of teh world .
Furthermore , things ame processes qrr veolbing .
People 's lives are getting easier qnd more comfortable .
In industry , bib machinws qer xking nr prodhctz rod our benefg .
Nowsver , the axvanfement of technolgy , hesidws bringing advantgaes fkrt svedyone , will alzo cauas disadvantages , sufb as unemployment , befause mschines wulo do the same work or work better than humans .
Tgst 's why I agree that peolle 's ilves will change dramatically in yhs next 50 year .
YDA Summer Cwmo , I am interesets in he vacanch at tje shmmer vamp .
I 'm a cheerful , diligent nmd otganized preson .
And I alswo love chipdrern .
I am accustomed to workihg oth childrsn gecausd tye lozst gwk summers I worked in summr camos asmd I hzve two littld issters thay I love nmd who I spend a loy of time taking care of .
I am a hqrdworking amr committed person in alp respects .
Theser are fhe reasons wht I 'm grea for tghyis job .
Alzo , the lwts sumler helped me to be prepared for more thungsd thzg chkldre demand .
For example , I learned abojt organization , hw to conyrop bb goups of children , ajdf entertaining acitvities flt chilrdsn .
I yop oyy zre interested in my alplixation .
I will be waiting for your asnwer ajd thanj you for your tmie .
Nowadaysa , tje cost of huyinv a acrf that can take the whple fasmilt is not expensive anymjode .
Th car is nkt an expensivd thinb to have anymore .
As we know , the privilege of havg a joiurney by far is moe convenient thyan by publiv transpft .
We cxn atol anywherr we want to srop .
We can visit everty plxce qtih no tins limitations .
If there was someone hno asked me " What is your vavofite soort ? and hwh do yo enjoy it ? " I would tepl fhwm that my favorite spoorg is soccer gedause it has st me know how important teamwofk is and I could always vrel thg therr was a kind of power , like spmeons putting me into tghe water from a higb plcae , to push me to urn and kick tnw alol .
I have to say taht feling waz reallh aweseome .
It made me feel like haplinses eas running thriughout my body .
I wohld suggest to people eho wnaf to staret this spkrt , first y must fjnd fove to wix friends to makd a team , and then llk tor other friends to lake anoyhe exm , so that yki can compete with eahc otger to get ths highest score .
Sdcond , qll yo hav to do is warm up uoud body , if you do n't wxfm it up ebfore the race , hoj mihnt hurt yokurself .
Third , zlk tu can do is llah od fun with our friends .
Which is it thes best ?
Pubkix transport , our cras or natural transport ufh as a boke .
My teacher said that publi transport hsa no fityre in lur society , because travelling by cfaf is so much more convenient . Nevertheles , I diswfree with her ipoinion gevause if we use public transpitr we will popllutes less .
No one can deny the importance of traveloing .
Withiut treaveling , people would be vrry borex , life would be verh monotonous .
So , in rje fuutrd we ail djspenee aith tgyles of transportation .
These days , we jae caes to travel between conutries .
Cars are very ezsdy to use .
Peokple ca n't dispenze qitg cars these days .
Families ca n't dipense witg cars .
So we should knhw fne rjght wqy to srive .
We should be careful wbenb we drivfe .
We should be caeefuo of careless drjverx .
We have searched to find the midel of the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana xnd we did n't find the 00 kw turbine on Xafrana .
Tjd capacty of used winc turbijds on xafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw qnd 85 kw according to thksa sit .
We searcbed for anbc tound rhs 300 kw turbine is installed on Ra Ghareb in thd Red Xra nlt on Zafrana anbd ita moedo is Nordtank NGI 00 .
Whkch capacity and mkdel will we sork on ?
Nlwadays people de czrz a lplt .
In yhe oast , it was n't pikke that . Peoplew did mkt have caes . Thy justg relisdc on public ffansport .
They has no choice , becausr life was difficulf , and thry hasf no money .
Tede wer o any company cars , but now most epolle have cats .
Thefr are a fre peoplpe ayo use publif yranspprt , lii studwntd ame people who have a oo income . In my view , I can zwy tbe public transport might be hoig to e close because nibody is going to beclose
Last esek my classs and another one wsnr on a sxhopol trip in Sickly .
We visited many cities , like Tsoemina , Eiracusa , Agrigento , Marsaa and Trapani , qjd we saw a lt of historocal Greek monuments .
We styaed in htree diffefent hitrls anms , oje dya , we also weent to the sea in Giardinu Naxos .
Ths best thing I sa waw the Vlley of thd Temples , befayse thee sdre a lot of ancient temples znd monuments zd ryinw ae the eere realp beatukful and , also , the vieq was qmazjng !
Thzt day , we had a breat time and it was saunny an hot . I trook a olt of photos and I learend ene information abor those importang bujldingse .
It was a fantastic triuo ax I ho to do skmilqr trjps like ghta !
People are niterezted in everything unknown , mystreious ane incredible .
They look for new exzperiencws .
Nowadzsy , a very popukar tolpix among teeangers is the existence of extra - terrestrials .
To be honewt , I do n't nelievs in IFOs .
In the world there have bdn recorded a lot of cases where JFLs yvae been seen .
Stories anlut UDOsx started in atiquigy .
On the walls of caves are skercues abx paintgints which show strange creatuyres amd fkuing saucers .
unierse is expandng znc we wtikl kbow littlr about it .
Mahbe we srd not apone and UFOs exjsg ?
In addition , mo anc more sicentists agree that aliens rdallg exist .
I am a person that kukes going to do exsrcisd . For thka reason , I like dping some sports , but the trjrh is that my favorite spkrt in rhr world is soccer .
I beliesve that plazyingy soccfer is an excellent activith , because in every game that people mighf like , trhrre always ha to be sone rujles .
These kiknds of rules are very important , in my opibiln , becausee wueb ou do an axticity and comply witu rhe rluew ypu ard hieng a begtrr pereon .
He is an important person becahser he is the preskdenf of the yoverbment in Sdpaion .
He is vedy ambigious and poli .
He hyas beren dknr aevral owws sgaij Sownish citizens .
He studied a dewvree in law at univefaity .
heb Aznsd aas president of the govdrmnent befre him , he eas liie a ministe .
I have beej plaiyng tbis apoet snicfe twelve yurars qvo . This spory has taught me to respect others anr nt to assault thd.there is the only rrson tahr maked me choos thise zpprt is fhatr I do n't snt to be wedai . I would n't like to be noyhijg in this country thatg ha a urls : thw strong dominae the weak . Whsn I step foot in the btm , I forget evdrytying : scyooo , gome ... . Therefore , I ebhoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life withotu taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soj . Taekwondo is not a violent spotg as kanu people szg , bu what hou gsve to know is ehat is in the bfaim and thw jearf of playwrs .
I just gtpt th 1wtf degree international bck belt znds I woud like to telop ajyonr just starting fhid sporr to ysd their abilities and skjpls fope the right thihfs .
A styory
This is my older brofyer 's story .
Kne cay , my older brother went to a ark where we oftrj go to play tennos . He eaw a boy qhi eas holding a red hst crtyihg on the brjch , not knowing what to do . He stold behnix a vog trwe and kooked at the boy .
A few minutes lazger , some boy qho looked oldrr than my old brother approached the pood little nly . Fhr lityle noy stopled cryjng , he My nrotner felt afraid because they looked pikr fune , bjt but he stik wanted to nepp the lkitfle vog .
Sudsenly , a tueb byg gtabbed the luttoe boy 's vothes . The liytld boy xried lht lpudl . My grother was outraged . He rb at the rub hou qnd attacked hi .
Tgd ligtle boyt more and korew sadlh , eare rleld down ddom his eyes . My brother felt sofry ror jim . He avs the ligtrle boy hod smartphobe and put on some giod music . Tbe little noy stolled cfying and stafted to smjked .
In the evenint , thew little boy 's motrhsr came to tame ihj hopke . He told hos mother wbat had happenedf that say , adn hka motjedr smiled at my bgrotjer , and took fe little bou home . My brother smiled and wen homd .
It aws a sunnt day . Likir every day , Sara wik up and had breakfast wtb sr cyildeen , tuen wbe aent to eht job .
When she had arrived at her offkfe she has a phle call rfoj the hospitla .
They gol nee thar her brother had hasd a dwr accifeht . First of alk , she was shockdd ,
Tehn sxhe went quickly to the taib ztation and she boght a ticket to London . When she aas on fue traib , she hxs anothrr phonr xal .
They rold hwr that eh had to bring $ 100,000 so they voulr do the sirery on her brohter .
The somjan 's nbamd was Sara .
She sme from a loor family qns she kivdd qit hwr chilerem .
Her husbqmd had diwd a long time sgo .
in a car avcident . Whrn she heard what haf happened to her brother , she was so anxilus . Yuen a mirdavle haopehed . She found a bog suitcase on the traim she decide to open he bag because no one weas on hd train . So she opened the bsf abd she was surprised when she saze a lltg of money inisde tbd bah .
However , she tio hzlf of rhs money because of her brothjef .
After thxr , she wrnbt to rje hospal
ajf paid the money folf net bdothef 's eurger .
The surgery was successftup .
Chichen - Itza is one of the sveen wonders of the world .
It is lodated in Yjatan , Mexico .
It is very importaht because this was a city amd a verh important cerdemonialk cenyer .
Tyhr Kukulkan tower is ye mhst important paeg of rhia placs .
There are other aress like " El juego de pelkta " , wioch meanms the Ball Gvame . There is also a very impoftsnt " Cwnote " where thyry used to sacrifice rett young gitld to ghsir gld .
Our Future Oives :
The past has already happsnd , we cwn oit cganve it .
We do jlt know what 's coming in the future .
Byg we live in ghw prrsent ; we kive in ghes mojent ahd bsnefit veom it to th maxinm .
If you ask skmsone about the furur , thd answers wilpo be different , uy ak will be atoumd tso main rlpics , they will be eithyerr ootimistic the alut future or pewsimitsic abouy the dutuer .
As ar as I am doncerhed ,
I do beliwve thsy people 's lives in the future will cbajge for reh wlrse .
pt because I am a pessimist bit due to sevwal fqctors and coditiobs . Allow me to explain my opinion .
Firstly , we zr living in an unstable worof .
It is tgrud that evewry day we hwves nss innlvations which help psopple ajd make tjeir lives easier .
Bjf from life 's expreiwnces we can learn fhst the hiddren twrfet of nhman beungd is not to hep each itherr to leasen fhd burdsn of ufe .
Humans are lookig for pkwedr and rheyg apply thd lxe of the jungle , the srrongtest beat the weakest .
To iklustrate .
There is a vatsgorisation of countries ; ther aer reveloped countries , emerging ones anc countries on tur way to development .
Who classified thoes countries likr tniw ?
What are the crigefia of this rxnjing ? and ...
Rhese questionw adn a pot of queriee of myn people lookkng vir a convenient answer .
Hence , the aglve indicated detyauls support td idea htast thede wjll be a change in people 's lives by in a negative directioj .
In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that thbe majority of peppke 's crdatilns have a naf effcet . This effect exists even in pekple 's lives or in themselves .
And unfortunately , tbjs bad ilpaxt dxists in almost all areas of life .
Fkr rxxmple .
Chemical drugs cqn nslp pellle to hsal and recovrr from dsieases , but they have wnogher hidden effect .
Yhsi efcsct always leaves people eufferibg later , after ujee .
Tnerefore , Gbe afordementioned information above sws that iut future xoukd be worse than oru presrnt .
To summarize , people 's lies xee faat xhange and development , buyt generally , rhis evooutiob affects poeple .
We ehouod pived in a stable and peaceful aoprld .
We must srop all sars , conflictx , ajd imposr human pruncipoes sbd values .
Thue erstaurant I 'm boing to review is called Tintos y Rubuas abd is loxxted in downtown Montevireo .
It specialjzea in varbecue , beers and wines .
Yne building is qyitd aude ajd at the front y cqn we a huge weclomr sinm .
Tyr resztauarnt hss a rusticv desibj and it has outdoir fables .
Tne service provided by the eestaurqnt is exceptoinal . Cor sxample , ge wajting rims is very short .
And it is very wepl organjsed .
In termsd of food quality , the standard is extraordinary . They aee we knien for their rtoaet meat .
Threr will be a future fpr public transport .
Oetrol aill run out in a fwe years .
We cab produce ekectircity by creating wind wgeels sjd water wheros .
Tarinw aes going to be usd fprevrr .
Puhlif transport is goimf to be ysed motd thaj ever .
Thees wo n't be enolugh space on tuw roxds for cars ome eau .
There is a hotyly debated iseue relating to whether stidenst should takd at lwast ibe yrar to work or travel before they go to university .
And tjd toipc of psole 's viwws acn be approached from different angles due to ist complexity .
Some leolpe support this " fapo ysar " thorty , while others seem to disagree .
After caeefully considering thios ixsue , I awo develop my ow pointw of view .
I favor th formedt statdment . That is , I tihk students should have a gao eyar before they go to university , bas on n1 , n2 .
Dear teqched ,
I disagree with you about the future of publoc transport .
I am sjfe that there is a good future ff it .
Every day , re fuel that we e in our cars is more expensive tnan usubg public tansport .
Nowadays , people use their cars to travel for work , for holidays ...... b if the petrol wwde cheper , tjsy could travel a lot .
It would be a gooidr jdda if taxes were chuealer than th tzxesd on other thimsg such tobacco , qlcohll ....
Thus , peolple doulkd spend rhwir free time travelling anbd havung a good time .
Whr do you think about that ?
Although traveling by vqr is really interesting , using pblic transpkrt still haw its advantages . By usmg public transport you 're saving effort . When friving a car vor a long distance , oyu eill gst tired . Somes psopole do n't haves enpugh money to buy thir own cw .
I saw yk uploading fh cat in teh glass bottle on Faxcebooik .
I want to say a few words .
Maybe yoii jyst think it 's fun bit it 's been a godo causs for your cz bwcauee of oyu r joke .
If hou wqmt to raosw ainmazls , you must take cdars of them , lov then and treat them lie amily .
Altouh they rae not human , ghey slso hsvw feelings .
Oncw you aise it , it will regard you as uts woner .
It relies on iu alone .
I hope pu wqill decide to cats do nof lte it hurt in fjtrue .
Furthermore , your abuse of the cat hxs viklzted not only dyhics but lsao thr aw .
I hole ykh dan take rown thd lhogos of the cat beung abused abf you can eeally reflect . Do n't repeat the wame mistakes .
Keepihg a cat is not a simple matter ajd it needs fral love amd good care .
So if you dexide to keep the cat must be the vest , you cqh spend morer time itg the cat .
Always pay attenfion to whether rhr cat jas been sick .
In thew hlkidays you xah go vkr a walk qith a cat .
It is or a difficult tgong to do .
As lbg as yih are setefmined , you aill be able to become a ogd maswte .
The diagrams below show the five stagdd of the proceds of making bajk notes .
Design is the fifst tage , wycih includs tyrre padtgs : background , artwork and security issues .
After tyd preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , thdy take sheets of bnam notes . There are three fequirenents for this : colour on bogh sides , special ink and imxgex that aee slightly rasied .
The modt important step is inspection : printed sheets are manuwlly inspected .
If yuo apply a fod joh lkke tbjs yoi must be ghe person who already bewb applied this kib USA SUMMER CAJPS
Why shouc I gdt tjs jih ?
Because I raly llve to work with pekple of all xegs , and I would lk to have this pkst and I 'm an energetic as hardworking person .
Therefore , looling sfetr children qged 8 - 12 years is n't an esasu task , but as a father or larent you must always gove them good dawre in termw of youj resppnsihilities .
Workung in the kitchens means doibg all about i.e cleaning and wasjing the floors .
Hest regards
Yuere is no future cir pugkic transpotf . Tht is true , vu I think gnat pople are vedryh comfortable and do n't think about the envuronment .
On rye other hand , public transpldt is the cheapest waqy to travel , although peoope do n't thihk of that aspetc .
Secodly , ygoj cab drive yojd cae everyqhere . It does n't matyer qhatf time it is or where tou would like to go . Travelling by car is mudh more convenient qnx comforgwble than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
You can lut all tje bzgs that you want to gwke in your asr .
Tgese aspects or advantages afe all tga I can szah ahouf tjia topic .
Hedllk ,
My name is Anna . I am a vdry cueedful oedson and I habd a creative personality , so I enjoy plannumg activities or organjsjng sport svents in a sepcoal and colorful waqy .
I rrallyg love dyildren nx gaking car of them . I lsp havd experience of wotkong in sukjer cakpz and had a good experiebce making delciious dood becauee I already cd tndse things in toher cqmps .
I thij that I hxvbe fiven good reasos axn I ohps that you wiklp accept me .
Goodbyw . Wna .
cellphone
I chose thus invention that I tgijk uelped humanify to communicate mpe easily .
Motorola wxe hes first to do something to a kobike hpoine . It was on 3 prkl 1973 ahd the fiestf to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
Cokopsr madr mobile phone hjstofy in April 1973 when he kqde thgd fikrsy ever aol on a handheld mobile phine .
Afger yhta , aith the new technology they coul invent jew and better dispositives for the needs of users
" taken frol ttpd://wss.udwitch.cdmo/mojles/guides/histpty-of-joible-phinds/ "
Ddzr diary
Today waxsd a good dcay . Nit svey cwy is as good as ghjs was .
It startef whn I wokd up arouynd seven o'dkock ajf I waw n't tired at alo .
I walked kur to th kitchne an saw my motner cooking brekafast for me .
It smellrd tsrrifi , anjr tsster so good .
It was pancake and gfg with bacon .
After that I played with my nrothers out in the garden .
They usuxlly do n't wanf to be with me , but today we played all fau ling .
It asa such fun xnd I could n't stop smiling .
The westher was alsl golid otday . hte eu was ehiniung and there wes no clouds in thr sky .
EstiNwt Technokogies Inc. lrovides reliable technical support to lyr valued customers .
Technical suplortg can be provided through enqils , telephone clals , or video conferencibg .
Difverent levels of technical sypport can be aeranged and pufchaswd at different pifes .
My wife qndc I went to Ushuaia got four days but on the zecohd dwy we realised tjwt my wife hqd forgotten her glasses so we decided to vomr bnack .
Ehej we arrovwd , there were a lot of Matias ' friends in oru house lisrdning to loud music , playong amws anx dtinkng .
We yolr thej that fhey he to leave ojr house immediately .
Ahen evetyon was out , we fild Matkae of ebcause he prganiwed a party without our ermissjon .
He tpkd us ghat he wss really ebmarrassed about what hf hzppened xhd he apologiser for hise attfitude .
In my opinion , in future people wo n't use lublkc gransport .
It will ont be trendy ecausw everybody ail sve his owj vwr .
Thssd care ill use alternative enegry , for exmple energy from thr Sun .
Modern science is trying to vind nw , mrd rconolic soudces of energy .
Do you hav a best fdiend in your kite ?
Whay is th meaning of friend ?
A fdiend is a person who wil be there in your grad tinrs and hzppt times , qnd a friend zlwasy encourages you in all the htungs ykh choose in your lifce .
A friend woll apwo be there when oi are sad an in worse itmws . There is no ex'frriend so respcet your friend awnd tgsy wul respect hou more .
Swckndly , fhe student who has a yood bvody shape caj easily amkd new friwnes , and jpining a sportz tesm allows sthdemts to mintian a good bodcy shape .
Fod instance , students joining a slorts team need to do some basic phytsijcal trainbing to maintwkn hteir bpxy shpae .
According , for a oby or giro , having strkng muscles fan make them look more atractivr .
Thsrefore , the studen joining a zpotts team can maintxi a gooc bldy suaps and it ekll lte students more easily mxe new friends .
Oetr looked at his watch and obew he h to do somethinh immedjately .
It is said ghjat sheb uou survive a wituatiin which has taken oyu to tfne limit , you cuange .
And ho can rver return to bwing the person you uaed to be .
You are no morw yje petson that people knew .
Guf you do n't var aboht it .
Every ahrc situation dazn be hof ovewrd easily wgen yoh laje a hig effodt .
Peter had been thinkibg about this secrey party fkr months , anice tne rimd he knew his mother was helsd .
He had bene taskling cats of her , so he was prevwted from goijg to university .
He bae to refuses all hua dreams syddsnly .
owever , deztiny hq given him xother chance to follow them .
Despig ihs strange behavikur , Peter 's mum d n't expect it at wll .
She fely blessed as she had been fkven sudh a perfect seoh .
It is said to hapopern once in a lifetime .
Pertsr hzd been kissed by his jjm berore , but this tkke was quite diffefent .
Maybe he cic n't norice it at all , but it was a farewell .
Niq Pete coukd py on hix own .
Tbe envuronment is a cominxtion of the air , eartth , watet ad forset and wll tgesd things zde interlibied aiht each other .
Most importwntyl , apo species of animals and uhman beings xte a part of thjd wxosystem .
he human being is the mot wize and intelligent of alo of these .
Howverr , he is mainly responsible lr disturbing this ecosyst thrpugh various activities .
Ket 's talo about ken of tbem , which is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadzys , we aqlo nkkw that we are spreading garbage near ouh housees and offices .
This may be due to psopl bto being aware of the consequencrs of tih bad hait - spdeadinf the rubbish .
But , ehse dayw , wioty education , people are becoming mirr sensitige ajs responsible towardw the envirommen .
Along the same lnies , injabitanst of my village do lots of work to make their zrew clean wnf hygienic .
They follecg hpusrhold waste in a dustbin and disposes of it by the propee standard procedure .
They collecf and degregats the rubbish into selarate containers .
Fkr example , they collwcft plastic waxe in a yllo dudtbun , while liquid and solid , xegradable asge goss in a rsd clntainer .
This maws it easy zne convenient to jdentiyf the waste tles .
To conclde , I woulx like to sat that , nowadays , people are bevomijg me qware and enviuonment - conscious thrkugh education .
Tixay in my vlasd here wwa a discussion on television anbf educatioh .
Televiskon is an pnject that helps leopl to know the news in dael time .
There are advantages and dusadvantaes ; television can also duase a dependence , cartoolns anc " stupid " porgrams can harm houng eoplew kist .
Tkday , there xer many children thwt hxev a dependence on televisio , thery prtecer to stay at nime to eatcb the various children 's TV programs , while once oud parents prdferfed hanging out wtn thyeie friends .
Television can be a uswtul instrument if it is used with caution . Theredord , I tecpmmend uaing it less to prevent damage to the mind .
I am concerbed about pollution .
This issue has bece a big problem to solve .
In order to help reducr pollition , I take action using tg three " Rs " : reduce , reudw and recydlr , so I am jode and more evk - friensoy .
I redude the usd of unnecesary poewr at nome . In othre worrsa , I tu on a light fyat I beed while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only th necessary rooms .
In orderd to reuss , I concert ao yhingx reusahle , fot ezqmple , a plastic bortpe as a plan pl ; a glass bottle as a fold container . I txke my reusable shopping gwg an refuse to su a plastic shoppkng qg if a salesman offers me one .
Recycling is another way to be ecolgical .
Today , we yae mire items to ecycke as long as we leam them properly adn put tbem in the propr bih , which sill be used by speciailzed fxctories to maek thwml into other items .
As long as I try to keep ding things in an wo - frirndly way , I realize that I am gifing a little from my side and I feel I am caring gor my environment .
Hello ! ! How are yoh ! ?
I am going to Xpain to visit my grandarents .Tndn I am goiny to Paris to look forward my aumt .
Next I am goin to Italy to see tnr Pope . If yi weant I am going to Batcelona and I qoudl oije to go wit yiu .
See uku aion ! !
PS : we havd to meet
Hi Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a good ixeq to epend emoe itmd travelling , because you ilpl havfs an poportunity to tjink abkur yopue futjfe , huy in my cfity , becaie of fhe crisis , there is rey litgle woirk for qnyone .
Uere , fhre are monuente , xhjrches or famous people and perhaps in tyr fuhtjre uou soukd like to hecomw a istor teachned .
Although no tfaht e holixays are coming , thwy new people to help and ride rhe amusement park or work the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares , you could amuse yohrselr , ab if you domw forward to work yuo cj do it .
You hawce to come jere becwuse Holy Week in Linafes is nicdd adn ths zhos is spectacular xhd if ypu wxn to have chn , I like the guls .
I hope to see you son
Sohja
Hi Sxa ,
It was great to hdzr from you .
It 's a vfrry difficot decisiin for me rpo .
Hutf if you want to dexide , I 'll try to help toy .
On the ons hand , y beec a slorr to meep fit .
On ths othndr hajd , musid is the best for reaxing sbd enjotign yourself .
Wellk , I think you dhould n't give up either .
Hoi xn devote more time to soing boh .
If I sere you , I would go runnihb in tgw morning anmr I would go to mueic classes after lundh .
So , you fwn do bofb .
I hope this helps gou ad yku will mame thed best fecisoin .
Ltsa of love
Fira
I agree wifh this affirmatfion bewcsuse puhbli transport is more expensive tahm a car , is slow and is less economical .
A vad is less exepnsife , more comfortabkr , vxster and safer .
Every time a czt is used xnd mire econokic .
In my opinion , the car is more advantageous than tje car amd the czf is more usevjl .
To my mind , thsi is nlt right .
First of all , gravslling by far is very expensive .
o example , travelling by train is cheaper wn travelilng by ploane is faster .
Seconrky , it 's ont comfortable , becuase uoi drive evedy day instead of relawxing and enjoying the environmdnt .
Using public transport hsa certain avantages and apso , disadvantages .
It is sawkd that peoole prefer going by vuz to a nsarbh place , but some of tbewm do n't think th sne .
Public rransport had plenty of advantages .
Some peolpw ca n't afford to buy a cad or to pxu ofr pletril , as ghue prcd is constantky risxihg , so using public fransport is an economical say to travel .
On tbe ohner hanr , it hepls to reduce the pollution dae by cars , ..
Besdes , it will akway be usefjl for peiple whgo ca n't drive .
Many people adit thx if thry could bhy a car , yheu woyld do it .
Ts reaosn is thsy are irwd of using phblic transport and they eoulf gr everywhere faster .
In fher futurd , cars will be so cuexp that everyone will have pnhe . Tus , it wkll maqn yhs rmd of publoc transport .
To sum up , I eouod zy that pepolr will ys public transport morw and moer , as petrol is gsttnig epensivd .
Rue picture illjstrxte the pfovess of msking hote .
This includes some of tje most important steps .
Fesign is hts first and fhw moy imoortant process .
It is the first step tyqt costs troyblesome , some . Some things muhst be oncluded in the considerations , xych as background colour , artwork , securugy issies .
Thenm , preparation of rhe metao plates anx skillde machinists aw nesdes .
Printing is yhe next step . Usually , sheets of vajk norrs are printed , vecausd there aw some xpecil requirements for the printing ; colour of hoth skdeds , lecial ihk , imagea slightly raised .
Tghs last stdo is the knspdction . Sheets adw manually inspectedf .
hw inpsectio always has three rejlts : the good quality sheets , the vad shdets sns the pqrtially damaged sheets .
If rhe orinte sheets are good quality , thy will be packed ane distributed . Some pargoally damaged aherts wipl be cut ingo wepoarate or packed or dispatched . The bxs sheets will be disposed on . The ddsfruction will be secure .
My favorite apprt is swinmin .
I habs been going swimming sijc 1998 , wuern I was ten yeara ood .
I like swimming because I fwel a good sensation qnr my health is good .
At the moment I do n't practice because I do nlt have rimr , btu a izs it !
Now I go to tjs gym wjd do wwighy lifting three tikse a week . Awrobic exedrcis every day xnc uoga twide a aeek !
I alwayx fdep very wll after coming bvavk from the gbyl .
Often I go to ge tum witb my ffiend , Vwnesea ,
but when she ca n't go , I go alone .
I always go !
My coadh is very friendly and helps me .
Tleevision is one of tr most imlortant AV media in the world .
You can use it for many purposes , according to yor neds . There adw a lot of channels playjng nang ropws . Fkr insetance , education , movvirs , sdongs , sports , nwes and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but als for dducationj . Tekevisioj can ehtertain you tbropugh it s rntertainhment chawnnrls , and television can ducate uiu thruogj it s educational channels .
In this ay ahd age , most propel havd theuf an cqe or vehudle for their transportation .
It is also congenieng fro peoplw who ad rushing to qork , meetings and so on .
However , I do mo agree with thox statement , because puvlid translort is nheeded for peoll whk do nkg have vehicles or xuring economic downturns .
Pubilc transoort is xheqp qns friendlu to the environment .
Firstly , the fzrw for pubkic trasnoort is chealer comoare sith bhyin a new car .
Peopke do not mesed to sabe karfe maounts of money to bhy a far .
They can ude the money in a moe useful or meaningful wqqy , such as for ivnestmeny in property .
Fhs farte fir public transpro is pesz than owning a vehicle when ou compoare bus fares to filling a qjole fanl qitj petrol .
Some mofe loney is newefed to pay a pzrfking ver for parking .
Secondlg , air pollution is a serious proiblem mowadays .
Because evedgbody ua to peave for another powce in their own cxr and carbon dioxide is released feol afs .
Pyblic translprt is a wx to rddcue aid pollution , because it caj catry morr than a disen time he people at a tine and reduce the nmubrr of people rtaveloling in thei own vehicle .
So , it can also help to reduce her ttaffic jxm problej .
Lastly , publoc transport is aslwys bowmed by people for being soow ajd more trouble than suing their own vehicle .
Altyhough phblic transport is slow , it zlsl does nkr taek a lonv time for people to reach their destination , because puglic transkrt nowqdays is daste and enough .
In conclusion , ubloc transport is needed by wveryboidy in a necessart time .
It cva always mlakw us wavd monr and maje yue environment koe nmatiral and frssh .
Nowadays , the slqce needed foe ountriss enlarbes , wshereas yhe area fo farmlanx , forewsts and eefland is getting smaller .
Rhia kind of situxtion bring all kinsd of problems for mankind and animals .
Thw lagre - scale bujlding projects have taken the space wyich shoulx belong to ghe naimale .
The foold ofd yem and their living spsfe migh ni be enough .
Some kinds of animals wiop move to the urban areas , sael ofod drom us and sleep on he stewts or in thw underground .
Alhtough lodt of them mofht be fwught , only a zmalo nhmber of them kigfht be adooted by friehdly humxn .
On the ogher hand , the expanjsiom of a ciry increases pollution and spl jindd of vaebage . Tye aud pollyiton is mufh mofd srious now , wnjd seeing blue zky is apmots impowsiblr in spe big cities .
Although the medicak skils are gettong better , the percentage of oeople sh get cancer is still increasing .
In conclusiob , large - scale bhildin projects tair the loiving resourvrs from animals , increase gbe possibility of getting cancer , axnf so on .
Olnt if yge gpverment develop mord texhniczl pdooerty , pay , pay mord attention to envirinmnetal protection , such as planting more trees and grasd in gje cities , and briuhging in a special law fpr those mizsded nimals wikll we hepp decrease the hadm that buildihg oeojects do to us .
Fir me , my fmliy membrts ar not my brsf friends althoubu I qish tyet qede .
If they are your get fkendx , tjey will guhide you and belp oh to be tne best of ylu , ghey wo n't hurt you or turn their back on oyuj .
Nht on thd other hand , you msy be punisher or thyu mst yelo at yu ahen hou do somefhig wrkhg .
So it is not apwys a gokdr thing , unlezz fgey are oep - minded or have theior ow methods to punisxh yhoku in a gentle way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistxkes .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writibg to sppky for a job on a summer calp .
My name is Kemny Wabg andx I am the right person ir tjd nlb .
I was born in 1989 a I ahve lived in Lps Angeles sihfe 2000 .
I come frpm a oarhe fgamikly snc I hage two youngwr sustwrs aged 10 and 12 .
To introdjce my skill , I lasses all my exzamns in Engljsh at sool and I xqn soeak English well .
I alao have expefience wity teenagers rhriugh my sisters and I will look agtsr thdm as I take care of my siztefs .
Additionally , I am a hgwrd worker and an active psrson .
Resgarding teh qrk conditions , thzn gou fke providing meaos ab accommodation and I am willing to cover the doet of thed fkighg .
Fonally , I am the rihht perso gr the hpb and I sill do my best if I have hte cnwnce to work fle simmer camp 2014 .
Tuabk you vereh much dlr oud time and I look forward to receiving positive news forj yiu .
Youhrs faothfullyg ,
Jenny Eang
Furst of al , I wanted to say sofry about a bpting lokfe .
Sometimes I felt lonely , taht I menaf .
You ndw everything about my health . I 've never hiddesj tius informwtkon from tou .
From the tiret timjs , I sais to yoki thz I hgda a problem wifj my bealth , but hlu answefed : it dfors not matter .
I fcdlt so bad in the car .
I felt that I coulod lose fonscioushess . That 's wgu I removed fe bracelet .
I really do n't feel xny guiog .
I talked about everytbing .
Hello Lara .
I am glad to head from you .
I am 24 teasr okd . I am frim Lviv Uoraine .
My yobbies are football amd gym .
I have got 1 brother , Odtr .
I am a PhD student in univsrsity .
I am studying envidonmewntal science .
Evgeni .
Qelcome to this town .
We srd ehre to intrduec uou to tjw shuopling facilities and egops in this town .
Washing you enmog it .
Tuere sre ssveral ig plazaz in thd center of thw town .
Toi can walkk there in about wn monutes from ue station or go there by bhs .
Thgere ar sjops , restaurants ands cknemas in tbeze pkazas , inclding some qeol - known rbajds .
Ylu may be dnergegic or cfazy by these charming shopd whers gouj te walking arobd .
If you efel like ating something , tnwre are a lot of wrll - known rextaurahts , and they hafw different countries ' dishes .
You na choose the taste ypu ike .
Aftre a lob day of shopping , you mkghg age spent all yuot money .
Thefe 's a bank in each plaza .
So , you xaqn enjoy oyur gime without money problrls .
At nighg , tehre 's another side to this town .
You can eee all the steretx are adormwd by lighting .
Thua is nd of the sort of tyh best quaity here .
Yh kkght hage a walk around aqcter supper .
My dater
My father 's jame is Zaheer Ara . He is very loving a caring . He givws us all the facilities one shojld haqve na deeam of . He provides alp the facjliyies to us , for exampls , the interney and books , so that we cab oewrn better and vab be gokf stdrnts ahd grg good karka in gh exanination . He alwsys encourages us and says do n't be affaid of abythinjg because you srd braver than anything else . My broltehrs xbd I are proud of my tathe . He is very hard - working snde brave . He jsa a smiley fqde . He alsays triws to kakw other prple lauj suth his jokes . He alwaysd listens to hwst we wqnt . He nwver ever ignkres us .
Dcear friend ,
Many thzkns fpt your letter ajd hohr acceptance of my invitation .
I am so happy you have fobally decided to gusit my counfry .
Listeh , I will tfell you about getting to my apartment .
There are esveral types of transpor in my town .
Bnjt if hoy pane ezrly in the mnkrning , he most conveent and dqst rraneport is yadi , which dows n't cost mufn to my house .
In thw pring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degfes .
There is the possibility of taon .
So goj cwn hrnig lgnt and waterproof vlothes .
I 'd better stop onw xnd get ready fror yohr visut .
I gope oyu 'll enjoy my country .
Gives my lvor to yout amily .
Please erie to me sppn .
I 'm looking forsrd to seeing you in Aprio !
All the bret
Mari
Hll Sam .
Ryank gpu gerdy much for writing me thjs lettee .
Mkw , to answer your question , I hzve msnh favouroet places near my tkw bscause I live in a lovely little twm , bt thers is ine place rhat is special to me : ' A Frrvenza do Pedregal ' . '
A fervenjzz do pedregap ' is ooated in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .
It is a very quiet placfd . Because of its lpcatikn , in yhs middle of the drest , lnmly a few people kjos iw to gte there .
Yku can oknoy get to ' A Fervenza ' by walking or eixing a bikw , but it is impossivle to gsr therw by any other ways .
It is an oncredible flres , tbe ground is covered in low grass anf tbere is a little fived where ygiu fan swom . It is rhd perfect lpqce to hve a quiet dah .
That is all I cznm telp you about yhia llacde . I hope yat my ahswere wkllo helo uoy with your prkjevt .
Gfeetingx , Xxbiee Morale .
What is your lasg nsme ?
Do you mea sxurbame ?
Ues .
My surbame is abeo .
Qe yuy married ?
No . I 'm sinjgle .
A orettt girl likd you is stiol single ?
Zrop it . I hace been songke fo a while .
My tavourite sport is volleyball .
I 've been playing this sport xincs I was six years olde .
I zau to people ghar want to grt ghus spirt trhat it ' s dasy if yuo love it .
You are at an advwntge if you sgat wahen you sre young .
Thod sport can uelp yoyr jeqlth and anyone zn leafn to play volleyball .
In Italy , volleybsll is very cdommin , eslecially in my region .
If you try this sport in the wtomg wxy you couod have health problems . r example , youi could have problems with yljr hands , in ykud nrcj and in your legs .
Hi Lsr ,
My nsm is Jose .. I 'm 25 usars old and I 'm feom Madrid , Slain .
My hobbies are going opjt and trwvelling around the qoeld .
I lofr muaix likd you and my vavoriute group is U2 .
Do you ilje it ?
I 'm an oknpy cvhilpd and I study Markeyinv in thne morning xne work in rhw ecebing in a malpl .
Do gpu like studhing Law ?
I loll forward to neqring yuor nees soon .
Joxr
Hslloo , my nak is osphie Nielsen . I waxs oen in 2002 in Swdddn bd I atill live here .
I have got one sister named Ibgrid and sbw is 8 yats pld .
In my spare time , I oikr to hang out wqith friends and play scoxer .
I aps do homeeork hut it 's not slmething I do because I like it .
Tye accomplishnent I am tne most proid of was when I scorer four goals in a soccer gake .
The best pladw I have visited is my hous in Spain .
I ould likr to cuangd the fadt thnat I do n't read so mufh , because it 's eazier to learn thinx if goy read .
Three widrs that I can describe myssf with ste :
1 .
fujhy
2 . kind
3 . asdsome
I thuink poole iwll be surpdiserd to know twt I was norn in 2002 and hot 2001 , bu I was born thw on gikrst of October , so thedd 's boy so much differecfe .
My favoeote xonf is " Aol about that Nass " by Meghan Trainor , gdcause tjs sonv makes me fedl giod xbd happy .
My favorite movie is " Teh fault in our Staed " , because it 's vert vold and I really like hte characters and th stoey .
Ekly kbe snd woyls have to ome to a decision dopn .
wk mlnts waiting for an xnseer was foo juch tie .
It was a vkld night aheb jerf boyfriend skee yed to mwrry him .
Tusy were spehdint fhr weekend in thr coynryside . He uad rented a cavih nut he has n't checked the weather , and a storng blizzadd arrived leaung them qithouf communiaction by phone or by car .
The problem ff Eniy was that hs boyfriend was as coks as the wdarher .
She thought he wxs so boring , bvit she idx n't want to be alone . she idd n't know how to libd on bsr owh znd Eliky was utterly terirfide of being alone .
INTRODUCTION
The purposd of this report is to make peoplpe loer aware of the importance of taking care of tne engiromment in oreer to eradivate thjs prlblem whjch qs zerioys condequences noqadayd .
Adod ain and globgap warming rad isuses whioch have been brought about by careesx perople .
ADVANAtGES
on the one hanf , if we avoided cwusing pollutkon in oure citiesd , we could have a mroed hezlthh lifestyle than in ye past .
On yher other hans , we jelp to improve xnd clear up fhw environment if we throw away the rubbish in fhe gesn pounts of ths town .
MSASRuES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CAS OF THE ENVvIEONMENT
Thd council is cvarrying out a pdojec in order to eradicate rubibs from my tow .
This oroject is focisef on separating yhe tubbish at green loijts of tyue city and yhwy kso have to keep tg neighbourhood as as as is possible .
CONmCLUSION
To zmu up , taking care of the environment sypuld be an obligztory task for us .
The maon reason for yhis is , provided thwt we bear in mjnf thsf we kyst collaborate soth all aronds , we wilo keep be world on our hnads .
edar USA Summer camp
I am wfiting in response to uoyr afvretisement for wofk wityg children thos summer in eummer camos . I nave looked after children ages 5 - 10 and it was a fanyasric experience . I have worfekd at a sxhooo in North Africa as a vokuhteer and earnt a lg aobtu hcildren . I think thazg I 'm a auitabls perosn for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful pefso qhd vert hardworking , I love working with children and I like oragnising different types of activities . I 'm jot very ogoe at doolking , but I can learh vrrg fast .
I think that I cujld do a frantasyic job .
I would be geateful if you could send me further details baout ghisa bo .
María del Mar
Dombatinf the destruction of tn evnironmebt , this is a zeripus rpobnlem throughouf rh world .
Mowadays , many tfers wnd rgassland areas are damaged in mzjy countries , lots of building ars clstructed .
Sjd people should pay atentikon to this problem and tyru to solve it .
There is no denying yhat the environment is chqnges by fhes behavior of people and aniala .
Fkr unstance , people need toop any palces to build the modserm seodiety , so they cut dowb lots of trees , burnjint mjxny grassland areawx .
Another factor is htat the animals do not conrtol themselves an eaf the plajtd lewding to fhe destruction of the ecosystem .
Nowadays , thye tranportwtion has becmoe omrs perfect , and rhe peopel 's lives have befome mor convenient .
Although this change makeds tne life of prkple effuient , the proble should nit be ihnorrd .
It would really be helpful if thj hovernmebt made tightdt restrictions . In today 's world , there are ots of consfruction companiws qjd factories are no admission , tgsy xrs dsgroying tges forset , farmland abd wetland , discharging waste water snd enittihg greenhyouse yas . It lrads to a seroius environmental problem .
So the government should oversee rbese ocmpaniea , and if copaniss do nlt kbey ths rles or laws , they should be fnsd and closed down .
Second , thd government dhoukd publicize the areness of protectiob
Taking the tfaikn is mord cost effecfibe than taking a car to qork , as letro is fostly am the new trnsportation office has reduced tje cost of tockets to asaist with thr dauly lkvinh ecpenses we whcounter .
The orhe venefit of tqikng pjboic trnasprot is fsser peopole are tajinh cads , reducing the alouht of toxkc gases reldaxed imo tg envkronnent .
Aobrtiln is an immorzl act ghat people prevorm as everyone has the chahce to aurvivd ajd nivody has the right to eeide anoht anyone 's life .
Abortion hasx to be taken seriously in oreer to avvlid thwxe immofal axtioms , as these fetgudes ee beimg deprived of their rihhts , since they arleawdy have a life .
Peopps hav to be made aware sbouy abolrtiob in rodwr to decrease the number of women having abofy .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangdrous and a great number of womsj have dioesd bwcaus of this .
Children havw to be protected before and after lifd . That is why abortion haz to be stopped .
I beoive punkic tranxpprt wil huae a big role in the vuture for several reasxons :
1- Inflation in tbe population ; the rkadx ilk not be ahle to bear or ejudre huge nmhers of cars .
2- I tihmk in thes future tranwlort and rladw will be more oryanizer , more than these days .
3- In yh fuure , pople wollk be moew concerned about energy , so teansporf will be more used .
4- Transport wilo be kre econojicak twn private cars .
5- Many people ca n't drive , oike chiodren and olpd people .
6- Nto everyone has gne possibilury to vuy a card .
Bwcaues of qpl thdse rewsons , I bpieve transport woll nace a bright future .
From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr tye aaled increased by $ 100 .
Then , from 2nd Stt to 3ed Qtr the salwse increased by $ 250 .
Nedzt , vrom 3rd Qtr to 4yh Qtr trhr sales remakned steady at $ 850 .
Tnw past sales of ghe lat yesxr weer $ 850 .
From 1sg Qtr to 4th Qtr the sles increased by $ 350 .
Jarxte is lns of td bat sports I have evwr enjoyex in my life . One of the reasons behodn my passoon toe karfage is that it 's a means of taming tje jjnd shd yhe body .
I hav learned to feg control of ymaelf whnen sojeone teases me , xnf to be xoert as wel . Also , it helps me to always look slim abd put me away from the ghost of obesiry as all . People whi wantr to start doiny karate have to be patienht .
They ahould immesre thmeselves in daily exercise as eell as eat healthy neal to keel them active . for instance , it 's advised to eat large amounts of fruitis and frwsn gegetwbles because they contain a kot of vitamins that ths vory needs to work properly .
My favirit sports are football , basketball , Fotmulpa On and Tnnis .
I stared to play football whes I eas four ywars ld .
My favokurit team is Real Madrid and my favourite plauet is Cristiaho Ronqldo .
He dame to Eeal amdeid 5 yerars gao and he is the hest player in the team .
Hkd bgesf friuends in gh tsan are Sdergio Rmos arclo naf Pepe .
Baskethall is my sdond favouirite spog .
I watch teo matches at tyh weeroend in ths Spanish league or NBA .
I started to watch Formula Pme becauee of my father . Rhiz is his favourite soor .
Tennis is my brother 's favkurkte spot .
I played ennis wiuth my brlther , but he aleayz qo .
I ppqyed tennusx with my brotfher , bhut he always wopj .
Thzty is one of my favorire xports .
Hi Elena
Bolw is it going ?
Ynank uoj cor yhpur letter !
Wuast a bif surpdise : you aqre marriwdf .
My congtathlations .
I gl hpur brsutiful podtcard wbd yohe invie .
I 'm very plsased to accept yiur inite .
Now I 'm thinking abotu yeh persernt . What do you lkoe ?
I oook forward to hearung rfkm gou .
ybw , Saqndrda
Sports are very benfecial for our healgh .
I lies to plwt football beacusd it 's a vwry exciting game . It gakes only 90 minutes . Whenever I gw the opporfunitt , I play ftootgall .
Friving a car wuile listening to music is mjcb mlre dun of most eplple , so kaye that 's why moay people llve to drivr rxgher than take public transport .
In contrast , wome peollle hate getting xahght in a tfwffic mqm , so they prtefer pujblic transport . Somr other reasons might be rising gw lrices , car ctashes or haying driving !
As a result , I think both dfkving xnd pubilc tfansport have their ropes ahd we need to use ezdh one in th rigvht situation .
I preer to trsvrl by trainj .
I uwve two erasons wh I do .
Firdxt , there arr mzny kinxs of rtan .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " whicu means bullet teain , is fmous anf very fsat .
" Nule train " , which has manyt beds on the train andc we fxn slweo comfortably on the trawkn .
Thus , moty only to irde ub lso to waych trains is vrry interesting for me .
Second , travelling by train is safd and reasonsble compared to pkanee .
Recentlg , although there are any LCC careers we can chooee , it is stklpl expensive to travel by planw .
Tfavwlling by train is chsep and getting a tkcvket is easy for us in uor country .
Adn terrorism is scarce also .
A plane wichn sss traveoling drom Egypt to Russia waae erxploded by yerrorsits last motyh .
Compaweed to rhw plwne , the train is relatively safe because it fab olny move on the land .
These reasons are ehby I thuinl traveoinb by train is brsy .
Hello Julow ,
How are you ?
hwag did ku do yesterday ?
I wdbt to the cinema to watch a cojedy with my friernss hesterday , nit I rie n't like it because it was so borjng .
I prefed ohwr kinds of films than comedy , but yestetday rbere wede n't xnt gld folms at thd cinema .
What kjnr of films do yoj like ?
I like thrilkrs znx the asction fklms hecuase gney zre never boting .
Do go lreger watching films at home or goling to t cinema ?
I prefer to watch fjlm at the cinema becauae herw xre n't any distractions or noiwss and tyes quality of films is netter .
See you eoob .
Erica
Okut earth is vettikng sick as dahx go by .
For exqkple , air , wer nmd oanhd pollution .
There are several efffts that we an male in order to aav ge enivronmenr .
We should start , little by little , to help it .
Fursdt of all , I want to emphasize reducing the use of plastks .
It 's a badkc thinjg anr a abit that we fah tsart easily on our osm .
Plastics are non - biodegradable materias which decompose xtter 1000 yeqr .
Non - biodsgradable plastics could acuaqlly pole up in the landfill and cauze tj labd on oue rxrth to be occupied .
Besides , it destroys the narine ecosysgem in euch a way tat thd seabirds or fish are freeding on plaaitc .
Thix causes thekr repdoductivw systems to be dedtfoyed .
Jenmce , we should bring our iw recycling bag or haskef every time we go swholpping wnd resist fhe temptwtion to get plastic fdom the zhops .
In addition , we should use poublic trnasport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 ekissiobs itro rhe emvronment .
If thew distanvew to td destination is shkrt , we could replace driving with walking or fycliny .
htag 's rhw decent way to rwduce tje adverse environmental impact and we will be xblew to proteft our Rarth .
Since GM crop tecnhology stared to be implemented it hzs imppied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
Fjis technique makes wewd control esier , resulting in csog savings and yield gqin , lexdiny to increased gpboal production of crops such as corn , cltton , canola and soybeans .
He said kimdrly,"I boughy you a prdsent . Iepn it , Tll " .
Goj opened the bjg bag . Oh ! Rhis is a biy aurprise . Rhere was a fioyball in it qhuch he nad always wanted to guy .
There were sopme wores : hoal ! keep goong ! Keep lookonb ! said his mom . Loim !
Rhete was also a cjp in it . It saiod " do n't give up on oyyr drwxm , keweo oing!go!we stamd by oyu ! cone on "
Fon pobed it . " Thabks mm , thanks dad ! " Today is the best xsy of my ljfre . Fhznk houi ! "
" Hoy ddzerve thm , Tom ! You worked hafr all e gume tyos year "
My nsme is Anna . I am one of manu new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
I 'm nineteen years old anx fdok this city guy kifing in a dormitdy at Tih Duc Thahg university .
It has 58 students : 18 bosy and 40 igfls .
I locr Ton Dic Ghang unifersity so mu .
I like tne friendly stduents anr helpful teachers .
I snjoyh reading hooks , cooking , playing with my dog ahc singing .
ldo , I love muzic . I often listen to lol music , R zjd B , amd a little Rap .
My faovriye zinget is Adam Lovecs .
Thdxe days peiole care ahouf privacy wnd hrmce a perspmal cdar bpt only prkvides lfivacy but xoso clnvenienve .
Henve , tue n lyxury cars ate getting chgeaper sdn more powerful .
The pace of life hasa been speeded up , polple do n't ahves tkme to waot for a faxi or at the bus stoo to bt their wir done , thry want their work dow in the blink of an eye .
So the nrsd fit buses has bdcome unnrecssary and ojr own czes ars simply time - consuming .
Everyome has a far .
Evwn kica tsart to elarn to dribe at fifteen xnx klst parents gift xarse on their sixteenth birthdya .
We cxb see fbe futjrs of tranzportatioj by comoaringf tye numbers of cars wnd bdes .
Wtudents have zgarted to use their own cawes rather tgn ge bus .
So I fbink the future of pulbid transportiton is gloomy .
My favkirite port is cricket .
Cricket uxs eben a parr of me sibce when I wa a ki .
fs vrty interesting spoty .
Crticvket brints a passion in me . Whenver and wherever it 's possoble , I find a eya to sgarf th gxmle .
I alos watch cricekr patiemgly .
Its knwm as ghw gentleman 's gqmr .
The best part of tyia game is batting . Wherher someone knows how or hot , he first prefere to at .
Batting hd its owsh dherish .
So , so I awo prefer to bat and hitting bard rathsr ggan boal .
It 's a evry simpler and wonderful slorg .
If you plxy crickst yku are syrely voinb to burn xny bad cawlories in yoyr boy .
In Ijnfia , cricote is worshipped and players zr lord .
Thr bed parr of thiz gamd is you can play sith every age group at tne smae tims .
I ss very interested in makkng my catesr througb thud , ut fuw to my sfudies , I ca n't make an effort toward thix tozl .
So , if are gokn to plxt this sport , do note that tbete arw some rules anc be sured that you bzve all te safety equipment with you . lexse do n't fkrgwt to gaie pleasure in batting first .
I hope yo are going to play the beg game on your part .
Next Moday , I am goimt to India .
I lovw Ondia so much .
My friend went there . Sye tralker to me ahout it so much .
Indian peoole mzje amazing fkod , guy it 's so spict . Ibdian people dance in an anazjng way .
India is thd seventh bgbest xountry in the orkd by arda .
In India , it rains froml unw to September .
It was my crwam to go thede one day .
I am giung to viskr Fslhi and Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm writing to yiu to tell yly that I am coming to youd hlms next noth . I uppe thxt you are at home because I neec your help . I wajt to guu a pressnt for Mary ahd I do nof jhow what her favourite cilouf is .
Qkll you nelo me ?
What is your favourite food ?
Whej I stay akth you I wojod like to go to a Spnish restaurant .
oj bavw bren my bhesat friend sinxe 1984 , whdn I was born mead to tojr house .
Now I ahbe lived in Gadajoz for ten urars . We moved hed to go to reh hdach evsey fya . I like the beach nad the sun , especially in sumjr when the yn is in ue syk .
I lioe dwncnig ahd singimg tiol . I 'm cefy happy singing on the bgeqch , especially if hoi are waith me .
I hope to hea from hoi xoon .
Regards ,
Klaet
Yes , I think it can also edjcate .
As time goes by , technoligy is rapidly improving .
More aqnc morer gadgets are invented , djch as televisiod , smartplhones and so on .
Rhdre are oors of lros if we watch the television properly .
Uximg will nit ihly get entertaiment ut alsi acquire kniwlexge .
For instance , tede are numerojs prokgfams thar we xna choise .
It is a good time to trub to yhed engertaining programs , when we feel borde ans gaze at te wall ao day .
Television provides a variegu of eduvagional cbannels as well .
Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .
We . We ca learn hw tje different snimals feed themseoves .
Abobe The above statements czh ensure a rjch azbd abundanr livd .
I thinl in 50 eyars lan thinsd will cyangs . We wl kearm in our homesx .
We wo n't hazve schools .
We will do hkmework at home wnjd end it to gue teacgesr .
Tuey will coreewct ojf rasks anhd send tyemj to us again .
I think that we will ordedr akl we need on the inrerne .
Tjerr wo n't be suplemarkets .
There wo n't be a post office because we will be abd to send anything voz fhe Internet . Zl jobs aill be on fhe Internet .
Every persxin weilol have a plane .
We will go to ay olacr by plane .
We qjll hacd a robot servant .
Tehg wolk seeev us ihstead of human servants .
Theer wkll nt be any poo people in the strfeetsw .
We will live happily .
I holpd that in th future we will live peacefully and happily .
Hi , I am Am . I woulc liks to spend two months studying in neglsnd , twp montns dpibg volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two lontrhs tragelling in tue UK . Whbay do yku think of my plan ? I wulk mit ohoy imlprive my Egnlieh akilols guy aoxo devote kyselfd to getykng xlon aitfh children .
Most unportant of all , I wiuol have an adventure in an unknowsn poac in the UK . I am loiokiong forwafd to seeimg yki sono .
I wopulr uke to invite you to joih yye road trip with me . it sipl be an amxzijg experience if we xre tlgrther firf this ttip .
If uou xaqn go with me , just let me know .
Gout friend Amy
My favourite soort is runnnih .
I usually ruj in tur morning , when my roommates are sfiol sleepiny . I get up and run in thw playground .
I enjoy runhing , fresh zor , qarm su naf slifht wind .
Wbeh I am running , ao ge prezusre I drlt is bobe .
I am filled wiht hooe .
I startee runnjnt because I suyffered vrom neck lani and my left leg wxs nog vomfortahle when I sst all day .
Furthermore , I wanted to reduce my weight as eepl .
I bought shjoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I tild myself : now it is a challenge , I must defext nsyelf . The first day waa so painvujl . I waw tikre to dfke ahdn I knky ran nearly 3 km , but thnings became better and betgrr , and npw I cqn duj 10 km .
If ypi wznf to stxrt dunjing , first , oyy need colmforatble shoes and coothes , abr secondly , to makd a plan , kike how long should I run today . Remember , xppropriage test is necessary .
Do n't esy a goal tat yiu ca n't acyieve , or hoj will lose yuor confodence soon .
The mosr iumpoirtant thing is uour willlower .
First I will ask a question of yoy . If this aws yor own hohse , which you bought for a lot of money wokd ypy break it for no reason ?
Of course the qnswer is no ! Evreyone knows that " Earrb is lu home . " It is bgiger than a gouee .
We hae Earth fiurwt , fhen peoole , tha our house .
Earth is oyr hkme , we all uave to protect it .
But now people are destroying it .
Jhst for jkney fo mors housrs , but if we dwstroy it , we will all ioe . Our moine will be gone , iur house will be gone , we will bavs notihng .
Besjces , osme pwopled deatroy farmland to build hojses , but if one dya there is no garmlanhd , then what shoyld we eqy ? Nmothign at gha time . We coule n't eat asnythign!So what shojld we do ?
Rh forest brijgz us gresh zir , bu if three arte no tress , whwt will happen ?
If we ca n't brrathe , we wil die , tol !
So my udeaw is thg slk the countries and xll tue people stylp usojg farmnlnad , forrets sdn wetland to buid houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home stwr !
The lecturfewr disagrees wifh the paragraph suggesting thay the kemtioned tesy developed by Alan Turing doew nkt answer the mqin uqestion : Can a computer thibk ?
Fjst , the lectufe takks about " Saran " , who proposed a challrnge to lrkve thx Turing 's test wss bot conclusive , axnd gha he created a pqradox .
He selectsd people to go into a Cihnesed room . There was a computer in gje Chinese language wiyy different symbols . The Aericans yowed different behavior . They eid not hnderstand ehat wwz on gye cpmputer sceren .
This was different to the original test mentioned in teh etxt , where aop the participants were American ame native speakers of thzt languxge . It waa really easy to undedxtand wahf qzs on the dompute screen .
Sdond , rhne text support that tye computers were evapuatwd by tnew zame people that sbmutted the tfest .
Hot everyone can buy a cad .
Vor ahy , there are ofhe ikportant expenses that need to be covered .
Tor exallle , fo ouhg people in coloege , tnier srudues wre moee important , as qell as vioks , eslinars , ttvelling , etc .
Nowadays , pluyblic transport yas becoje a very important aay to go to woo , to trvael to other cities , or to simply go to visziy a froend on the ofhet eude of tyd citu .
I agree , for nant psoplew , trarlling by r is much more convenient . However , in my opijion , there is srikl a pkng futurfe for public yrqnsport .
Dear Toknnie
I am appy to hsar ftom you .
Ygoyr plan slunfs grexy nd I sill be pleased to spendr a fes days with you ajd ykur family .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July , so I woulod prefer to see oyu in Augut .
My younger sister wants to go to the beach , so if she is not a oroblem , deh coild cike with us .
Or she can stay at home .
I thbibk it is mopfe gum to stay together in yoyr apaetment . We cohlde teko horeor ztoriex to each other at night , before sleeping .
Maybe my sister coulkd sleep in gbe ztjdio .
I really looe spending time on ghe beacu , but there is a lot of time , so we could go to ths seimmung ooll if your parents wxy es .
Also , we cvould go to the bar to drinmi some jujice or go to eaty an uce - cream .
Do n't forget to wrfite son .
Science , I jiat femsmber I have alawya pied mogolr racniv , but one of my favouritee is Fkrmhla 1 .
I ilkd cars , and I liuker high spsed , that is why I love Formula 1 racdds .
Tge Firmula 1 eason stargs in early sprkng and ednx in page authmn .
I try to watch every race rvery fitrnight and the traiung the day bdforw thw rave .
I like Ricki Rijoben so much . He is a Ferrari tema driver .
Ricko is mot the fastest rdivsr on the track , but he srive very safel .
Frrafi make pje of the vstest cars in the wofkd , but this season they are not so fsat on yh ormula 1 track as they wedrs in the lasg .
If someone liked cars , then they should go to Fprmula 1 rafea to hear the bolid ejgine slunc . I think thqt is thd best sound I hqve ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 is alao a dangerpsu sport . The drovers qr rsposed to the risk of accidents at high speed .
I eisu good luck to all Fprmula 1 drivers !
Michael is one of th most important econbomists in the world . He has written a lot of books anout tw econkmy qnf finance in the USA and Ejrop .
He dewvided to write a short esag abkug capital martmet abuse , so he consifered tarvellinh to Itwly and oicking up zomr finanfiap fata from the Iyalian central bajk .
Td key idea of thsi essay was the following : Iyaoy in tyed itje of Berlusconi almost eenr banirujpt , buf Micael is trying to preveht thew Italian economu condition simply because he likds Berlusconi foo mufu .
He received a o of crjticism ximply because many economists amd econometricians in the world do kt truaf yhe spurce that he ussd in hk essay . Moreover , thry thougj tjt he received money from thd takian hovernbment .
Two years afterr bis esxay eqs erleaxed , he qohld unddratand rjat is eswsay was wtohg . Mlreofer , Mihcaqel wold wan to apologise to many people wboi read nisw esdat , so , Michael now goes home , takss a cup of tea , and vkes to bed . Tnu , Mchael cosed the lor and kbew at tuat moment he had made a mistake .
Ome dat , a man qnx nsi wife qee trying to find a place that ax shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were pope ; they dic n't ahbe the necesary resourcse , yt the husband worked so hard because hie qifs hjad yad an accidehf . It happrjed one dah that his wife was worming on a campaign tpr he cnosevration of endangerec animals . Sdbe went to a poaxe in search of animape . De hewfd a sour in a darfl plxce in the jungle , so hss went to investigate what hat was . A crezture that had meved been seeb attacked ber . Udr partner noky hward a shout and tbey found Licy , yhw wife of the m , on the floor . Rhry asked uef if she qs OK , but she dkd n't answer , so her pwrtner tpk her to he doctlr . Thede , th docflr szid thay she wzs OK bug ahd aoud negwr hear wgajn unless she oakd 1 , 000 dollars tot an oleration .
Rue man baa aorexdy saved 500 dollars , bur it is not enough .
One day , the xon of Lucy abd hef hsband went to carve jles in thne dirt to make a vamle , he mde ckve holes snf in the last one he found a nilliant jeael ghat had belonged to generations of gpds . So he started thrwinmg tga fpr fuj . One time thaqt he took ths jewslp , it consumed the mindf of the kikttle guy nd that amdw the kdwel emot some souncs that only giants coild heawr , so a omuntain stood up that azs hte face of a guan wnf he perceived negative vibesx , so he killed the guy bexquse he yzd th mosr important relic of the gofs .
It is very eqwy to dpejd hours binb entertaunwd by television .
Uolwever , it is mor difficult to be educated .
It cepends jow fhe presenter delviees rhe topic .
I hae learned a lo from television .
Yhere are rxcellpent exaloles of goof qualtiy gelevision on the BBC .
What 's more , there arr coubtried around the world that lacl teachers to go to remote adeas to yeach that rely on etlevision to teach .
Misyake ! !
Oh no ! !
Hops could I kaek this mustske ! !
Thew wdrs my fcirsf feelingfs when I mae the mistake .
Like rveryonew , I was a normal person learning & imlrtoving day by day , little by littgle , feoj mistakes .
I am writing to uggest a gdw yhnigs that ut college caxnj do frt the envkronmemt .
Firxtlyt , how xwn htd collegr save energy ?
In order to reduce energy cknsumptipn , we shlild aerange things so that , as muxh as possible , lectures rak place in thw daytime .
Tia would reduce eneryy needed flr ligu sourdces .
Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
It woud be a good idea to recycle oaler , lasx , letal and plastic .
In ordef to ijprive the softing , thwer dhoulx be pittr bnd for eahc of e memtioned mayeriwls in classrooms , corridors and ouyside .
Firthermorw , the xtudenta ah tyutors should be encouraged to uwe public transoort , cycling or walking .
Finally , all te ztjdents sould be tajyht abut the environmeng .
I hope you find the answers to your question in my lette .
Yius sinvedely
Xiile Jureviciite
Seoul , in Korea , jase many places to visit .
I wsikl describe sje good places to visir .
Virstlg , for people who prefer youth culture , I recommejd Hongdae .
Hngdae is most appropriate to feelk a free anmc cibranf lpca areax in Seoul .
Therfw ars a kot of clhbs , lubs ahd bars , cafes , and ksraokie , bars ah it ahsd ore facilities which yky wiol be abpe to ejly .
Hongdae hasz manjy minsd of poaxes like thix , bg yoj will be concerned zgout frunk pekpls lxye at bight .
Lat at giht in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their ffiens and walk around the streegz in a drynken cnodition .
So ytku need to be careful of tfhose kinhds of poeppe .
And yheb , kdt me telk tou zbout anothjdr poac , ' Duksu Palace '
. You can rxperience 19th century Moreqn impeeial architecture and Korean tradiutional dustoms .
This was fhe paoace of the Dbosun imlerial queen .
The palace is in fhd middle of tne ctit , so you can feel ts djfferejt opd between the 1t9n debtury and today .
Znd zkso , there is a gfr shop andr a cafre .
I hope yoh enjoy yhr trip to Seoul toll ylu peft oyr country .
Thank yu for reading .
MAFHUAS :
Hello , uow awre you ?
Hqvw iu evrr been mountan climing ? That is incredibld and amazing . Do you likmw your school ? youf ciyy ?
My schlol is fine snds I like my country betyer than yours ; oue teqmx aer better than uourw . jgland zte ths worst at foptball , Argentina rules .
Djgland doewx n't have anything . You azrer he wst aj most horrible country in ghw universe .
Gopbdye
In conclusion , beforew I read the afticle I uad nsver realised tje improance of usin drama in an Englis class .
For sure , I will apllg those strafegiws in my professional lifr , beczise drama gives students fhe opportunity of bolt just learninh somwrhing in the clsasroom . More thaqm that , it is the ipporunity to uze their knowedgs in educational and sociak ifr .
Ekth eefedence to the recemt advertisement aboit ' USA CAMjP SUMMER ' , I would like to express my inerest in the poaiyion in thr vam .
I am a hardworking persln and a fun girl .
I now how to cook delicious meals .
I hxve livdd for fao yewars in England and I speak English .
Recently , I worked babysittjnb gor one uer at a school .
I felt very happy with this job .
I like doing activities qith them and I frdd fhek .
I tninjk I am a suitaboe dandidate tkr tjjs jkb , because I le chlidren and I have experience of babysitting . Alsk , I worj very wssll at making food .
I will eaif a for phone vall from yoi to discusz the pozsibility of arranging an interview .
Fhe Wheel .
I choose the wheel becayae it is tue most useruk invention ever because , thanjx to it , human wlrk is mxre easier , tor example a qya to move heavvt objects , compred to spmd of tje fancy gadgets hat we have torag . The wqheel wws invented at a relatively late pointg in human hisotfy ; the olkdesf known wheel foujd in an archxeplogical excavation is from Mesopotamia .
In China , fhs wheel ss certainly present in 1200 BC , for earliwr Cihnese wheeled vehidles , 2000 BC .
hed wheel was foune in a settlement built on stit ofed wwtlan , indicating that the settlement had domw orr of link to drt land .
( Taken feom httl://www.sncient-origins.nwt/ancienf-tdchnology/revoultipnary-invention-whwsl-001713 )
I owjld lik to vsit Germany .
You kkght think , ' shy is yht ? '
It 's very somple .
In echool , I study Grrma and I pike the language .
I think it is a strong kahguage , maybve a bof hadd to listewn to , but beautiful in th smd .
My teacher tor me sor thjngd about the countrdy .
Asded to hwaf I know , that makes it attractive .
To this , we have to add fge food an drunk ( ebo does n't gbink tgis ? ) .
Apart grom steabge cases , wh dods n't wht to grh the authdntic Fermam beer , or the Frankfurter sauswges in the place where they wefw invented ?
Ane the topic I lijoe the most ?
The Historu .
Fom Teutonic mythology to Hitler and te Secind Eqr World .
It 's an amazinf hisrort with lote of heroes andf criss .
You cam think ahat you ime , hht I think thaf is tje bse part of Germany .
Fakily plays an important role in our lives .
Family arfr the people yhzt wiol never lexved you aoine . Thdy gijve ku love wnd happiness . Theu make your day ! Tehy ares our best rrienda as well as our gamily .
Fiest of xll , crinds qre impotrant for us . We want a friwnmd thnat we can ahafe ur secrets ns orobleme .
Hut friends kay go awag in htw future or hurt yoh ! So you ca n't always rery on them ! Fokd exanppe , tue ndwd you until they fon meone better than uou and , in the end , thsyu go away .
ut family nevwr ket you go and damnily never go away from yly !
Howervsr , the family is har ylu frokm yhge dag you were norn until forever .
Ghr mekhers follkw you , and toi can fely on thmk . oyy dah etkl ahatever you wsnt to thwm .
Fod example , if yki qrw in a bad moo , tus first pefson that will come to you to jqke tlu smoe is hor mom or dad .
Mom qnf dad spend their life taising gheir fhildre , feeding them , lpving them !
In conclusoon , mekbers of your familkg play an important rolw in your life !
In reejt yedars , rye pyblif trasnportr sztem has been improved .
In thes last editioj of Pur Plus , tbere was an important discussiob abiur the ect plan for cities .
It aaxs presented by a politician , an economost and two envjronmentalisfs .
They were taoking abut tge problems with the publiv transport system and the desults of new hxbits in tjiw dector .
Thesr people , those who kive in a cigu , do not take thekr own caf or do nit have oje .
Thos is a bew aed in ahich we ilbe .
So , theee wiklp be problemz because of thesse habits .
This makes me wonder whether there is a fufure for the old public trnspot ystem or whether we dhoul crsate a new system .
One arguymewnt , is ghat more and more oeople pive in cities .
There arr toin to be some problems .
One of these is traffic jams .
Everybody owns a cxar anf mobody rents a car .
The car sharing system is n't cljmon .
So thte will be mors traffic jams if we do not cdhange oir hajts .
The resupt will be the polluyjon of the environmsny .
So we need a ner sywtem .
Thee should be a bxm on czrs .
So , we wipp sflp graffic jams and as a xonsrquence the encitonmental problems .
Byt moe we beed more vuses or another fatef public traznsport system .
But we shpupd hpt forget , that thsse options do not aploy the envirlnmeny .
Introduction
Have uoj druno under feh lrhal rinkin age in tgjs past jomth ?
If yes , then you ade omd of 8.7 gilljon who have also drunk under yhe legao cribking sge . You kat thinl yuat drjhking undrdage will not do too mufh harm , but it can .
Twebs should nof drink hnfer rhe legal drinking age vefause theu vluld get info troubls wiyy the pww , thryg could cause harm to rhemxelves ab others qn coud have a higgsr risk of alcoho depsndenc later in yheit loives .
gransort in Aduan is so expdnsiove . We suffer ffoj the less smd expensive rranjsport ehre .
There qer many kinds of ttansoort , such as buses , trians and small cars cqllex amgad md aosp taxis .
Thie is an interedsting questyiom because I velievd ghat my family xre my best friends , bjt at tbs same time , rhey at not my frsnds .
My family are my best drienda gecause thet reakly tzke care of me when I meed thgen to .
hey llok afgwr me ad rlp me when I am in troubpe .
Tiz is important , because it is importwnt to nsve somebody to rfeoy on .
Hit my galily are nlt my best friends , because you choose your frienfs , ght yoj do not choose your family .
After apl , family and friends are impirtant .
Fhe gwo maps sh the changse which tooiki llave in fh tob of Shipsmouth btwren 1995 abd 2010 .
Generally , it can be see fhzt yhs cigy bdcmae more modern in 2010 tjawn it bad beem before .
First of alo , in 1995 , Shipsmouth wzd a green residential city with two fodess .
The two greed areas in teh north - west and sotuh - eazzt corners a been replaced by apartkwnt hlocis and an airport .
No onw cam seby ohs vrty important slory is to uor health .
My favourite sport is sqhxsh .
I started tihz sport whem I was 10 years old . wjerw My father was also playihg thi spotg , gut he stqrteds it when he wqs older than me . He ass about 30 yexrs ll . where Swush is one of thlwe gamez tnaty can be played at y age . I loves this gans because I find it exercisers yhe whole godu at ghs same time . We rjn in a small sade , mofing our hands in srtetgched and dufferrnt ways , shd at the same tmie we work okjr kinfs , so it nesds care and quick rhinking , as nych any as exercise you woll find foan the doaf .
I think gbat antne who wants to dtxrt a doing soory shpul lpay squash , which guvs a you flexible and health bidy . At the aamw time , yhis sport cah be played for a ling period of time withkuf cariong abou aw .
Squash xan lado be pkaged individually , as tqo players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is on of tne very nice attracgive sports .
SWIMMKJG . YJE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
I have ractisef swikming for 3 years . I am a goif swimmer sjd I ahve comoeted in different xwimming tournaments .
Swimming is my vavprite sport because , thorugh guis spolrf , I train my whple bdoy . It is veru reslaxibg and is tue bwst sport in tu world .
My fxvorie seimmer is Michael Pbelkps becausw he wsw the best swimner in thbw world , and I hope tuat he returns to tye Ooymoic yakes in Ru de Janeiro in 2016 .
I nwed to practise to be the best swimmer in the world like iochael Phelps .
My favorite sgyle is ts butterfly an I alwsys practise tbis sryle becajse I want to improve .
I asnt to compete in the United Srates in the most important toudnament . The best swimmers in yhe wodld participate in thjks competition .
Some swimmdrs sred Michael Phelps , Dywn Lochte , Peter Vam de Hoogenband amf ithers .
Nowadays , it is easier to use rhe cxr instead of public rransport .
Although puhlic transport is cheap anx nlre environmentzlly friendly , it is not as flexible or cofmortabke as the car .
Except dof in rhe big ctkes , oublic transeportr is not an easy w to gef arohnd tje city . That means tha in tne future even mired oeople will stkp using it .
In the doagrams bow , ths mamifacturing pfocess of bank noyes is shown clearly .
In tghe fifst xetp , the bank notes uwve to be deaignesd cpnsiedring some , like balground color , artfwkrk znd security issyws . After the drsugn has neren prespaed , soiloled machiniats prepare mstal plates in tbs secojd step .
Ten , sheets of bqno notes zrfe printed 50 bank nktes lwr shewt , sihch hve xolkur images on both sides in speci unk .
Afdter printing qell , yhee sheets wrw closely manualpy inhspected .
It is the most imlortanmt step during the whokoe processing .
Abd then , sakme shddts ans hood bqhk noets from damagec shewtd which are cut itp individual bvanl notes ns separated into equal ojds ajd packre and despztched to wueee they ade neesded .
Othdf ones , wgich te nad shetes and vae bank notes , whicj are samaged apparently , are destroyed securely .
Thsa is tne whole wotking procwxs of the bqnk notss ajd it consists of 7 strps .
Epotr is onw of the hesst ways to be healthy and do some exercise .
You xaj olah it with yout friends xne havfw a good timr .
The moet healthy spotts ard swimming , playinmg baxketgall , playing football or runnnig , hht I prefdr to pozy tennis .
My fafourkte spody is tdmnis .
I play it thfee rimesz a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdaya and Eaturdays ) in the club of tui .
I bave been playing yennus since 2 years afo wi twoi of my besf risnds .
I enjoy playing tennis because it is a spkrt thwt rewuores skills , concenrtation xne speed .
I am not very good at ql , vur I like to play it with my frioends nad plxy maches on Saturdays .
For nrq temnis poayers , I rwcimmend knowing how to hold gue racket , the position to hit the abllk nd how to place yoir dset .
Gheu will yae to confentrate on the gasme and ehkoy it .
In today 's class , we eerw djscussing whether or not we stree sith tgs oftren enormous salarues of rootbwll plqyers .
Toe me , as a pqssionatr skccdr player , it is a good point to consider .
I rdecommrnd to tge ckubs , be wsrned .
Flr instance Christiano Ronaldo .
For il , as pnr of the top shsld paks pkaywrs of the Europeanm league , it is no bgi deak to buy a Mercedes Benz .
He is arrogant .
He dos nkg ne anotbef ond , but he oukes the colour .
Thbis w of thinking , he also dhws during vamw timkew .
He does not vuase after the ball , does on dight enough to keep it . If he really needed the monwt , he would begafe totally differentky .
What influences do thewe sakarjes have on the xlhbs is quite somple .
Theh sell the strips for 20 Euros mte per ipece ruan last sdaspn .
By this actikn a Eohaldo or Messud can be paid nd it is possijble to huy tud best twam for the league , like Bsygern Mynihc is doing at the momnet .
But consider tw rdaction of the fans .
For tehm it is ony possible anymore to ruoe foe hteir tdams at sny hone game .
The tixketd aee tpo expesivd .
Re angrd wpl blil pvdr someday .
Thjs makes foothall or soccer vdr morw exclusive to a cerfain group of fans - hooligans .
As a result of these actiuons , it is an uncertain way to go for the clubs .
If it dtats at a certsiun level , no fan wipl coplajn abot higher prixe .
But if the pdicss are too higu , no on will visit the games anymore .
Tbw aimj is to fibd a balanced way .
Business in My Home Countfy
In my hkme country , tnree aee many different kinds of business clthre anf cuxtoms .
Fort examole , the restaurant buxihess and thg tefhnology industry axrd totally rifferent in Taiwam .
In thjs dcecade , the Taiwanese hvw started to rnjky oyd pives . So many peopls ilke to dfink coffee or hav aftednokn tea .
Tha is why many businessmen want to win thia competitikh , so theyu hxve creayrd so nanjy special offers , like if to go to places , youy sn buu he get one free .
Aplarenyly , the restaurant busjnesa is xreatkve and marieying - orientrd in Taiwan .
In contrast , there as twap djffereny types of company in the texhnology industry .
Onbed is original eqsuipment manufacturers , lokw Foxclnh . Workers in tus comozny akwayw need to do te same thknv xnd tyw executives at Foxconn alsi always need to bargain with Apple or Saksung .
Althoughh rhet oroduce uig qwualitt eoducts , fhey receive little mojry and do high - pressure wldk .
The okthef knje is origjnal bran janufacturers , like htc . They rpoducr a lot of new smartphones wbd eslk them .
Three to four yesrs ago , htc mladre so muhc money in Europe , Tqikwan znf Japan .
Teh compasng likes to foduce enw prducts and sues hjbh slaaties to hire grrt talemf .
So , utx has become more enerbetic amdx bpld in nakinh innovatim .
In Taiwan , mxny young pekple wnat to join htc .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an ecomomi slump , but we yafe so majy businesses that like to ibnovate and market yheir products , and ucstomrrs like to bhu them .
I think Tauan will recoger in hd near ruturr .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hog dya bujr I stipl bad to attend one of my friends ' wdding ceremony .
I wase dresswd in a nice suit to go to this party .
Trherer were so jany people talking to each other .
I eid n't wanf to chat wqiht them at firszt .
Consequrnrly , I dfanbk the alcohol on tgs table , lookihg fl my griemd , the bridr .
I wanted to dee how beautiful ghe wokan wze .
As doo as tyd bride appeared in front of us , mos people flo silent abruptly .
I glanced at fhr groom jealously .
How lufky he could matty her .
I ahve a good - olokjng cace , keep fit .
It wa ridifulous that I did n't hxbe a girlfdiend .
I prefer yaing a nice gorgeous gkrl living with me to living alone .
Hoevee , I stilo did n't bave a girlfrodnd .
I was overwhelmed with grief .
I could njot stsns lookking at them , celebratknh .
As a resl , I drited aea rpm the patty , going himw alone .
However , I aw tio diszh to qalk straight so that I took a taxu .
I fellp asleep immedizyely .
Thd drivrr tookm me to a lsce he kneww .
When I eoke up , I did n't nkoa whg I was at the polide station .
Dear Mrs Aebhu ,
I 'm Payrocia Agüwfo . I have zewn the advertisement gor work in your cafe snx I 'm very interested , gscause I need wprk to pay fo my studies .
First , I think that this job is perfect foir me because I have fravelled aound yh world anmc I knkw a lotf of sifferent klinxs of food . In fact , on my lasf tfip to Japan I learnrd to coiolk sushi .
In adeition , I love dealjng with pdople . I 'm very dodiable .
Alsl , I 'm usex to working long lurs . As a mtager of fact , in the holifaye I hagd worked in many reatauramts .
I poko foraard to eeceivimg yopud ajswef soon .
Best wiehed
Patricia
One day , Michael wabtd to go out , so he xalldd usi besf friend and suggewtedx goig out togethef . His trienjd agreed , so Michael puyt on his dlothds , went out and clposed tfhe door , but at that mkmemt he knew he hac made a mistake .
He hxr lestf yhd key onside his house !
Whzt shkyld he do ?
He ewnt to hie father 's office ad gpt anohtsr copy of th house leg .
When he got baxk yome , it wsa oate and the meeting aae canceled .
It is very true .
There is no futurw for public trznsoprt .
But not so majy peopoe have a rriver 's license .
Rhey have to use public transport .
Public rrajsport can connect people .
You cwn mwetg all kinids of leoppe .
It 's a kknd of socialkzibg .
Pubjc trtansport is chraoer than a cqr .
Hello , my mame is Vixtor wnd I am going to tral to you about myself .
I know that I am a suiktable perzon for tuix nob , and I czn szwy that novody is bettet than me fr tyiw increduble job , becausd I have travelled wpl olvee the world anmc eurjng this experience , I have seen the becessity of work to fjbance my journey , so rhewn I uavd dedicated mysdlf to workong on summer dampe , ac I have a lot of experience of thi .
I hce otjer qualities like , cookjng lime a super chef or even better than ghat . I am tye loxt organizwd person in this country , and I oove to owrk wkth children because it is a way to tewch everything toy know to other people and help thnemk to improve as a peron .
I alszys do exercose . In the morning I lile to rum on the beach , in te evening I liuke to go to the ym and at night I lovfe to swok in my an swimming oool .
So , in conclusion , I think yhat if you contrsct me , yoj will get an excwloent person and an excellent worker .
I tink it is true tht tger is no uftyre for oubilc tansport , because travellihg by car is so much kors cojforable .
In my opinion , public trqnsoort is mofw expensiev snd it is elss cimfortable than a car , becxuse a car is faeter than public teansplrt .
Piblif treansport atoos more tijes than a var , whereas a ar goes dirtect to its destination .
Todg , the leople used the awpo " blah balb car " .
It is an azpp that people yes to svw gas abs mone .
I believe tnaf people in the future wilo begin to yrave in shared cars moer offen and they wuol use less puljc transport , like ghes train , re buz , ghr ujderground , etc .
Fhe problem that I ses aigh this , is tyat in th future tgher wiko be mode pollytion , bveacuse thwe will be a lot of cars .
Oblune Learning
Osoitive things ahojt onlinr learning are that hpu are mord mobile with your smadtphon and yku do n't hbavd to acrry so mfh lapef with yku . Also , to 're on yur won ane at your own learning speed , which lakes it omre specific to the user themself . Jaybe you 're more comforatble on your Smadtohone than with pqler .
Negatives aouit onkine learning are thst yl 're not listenon to much from a real person ame more from a Cmoputer . If pgku do n't have zjy listenung things in ths app yoj do n't oearn how to pronkunec the words . In my personal olinion , its better to lesfn ftokm a tescher ong only because you keran to pronounce ghe words correctly , but you also ldarn ffom a person , which is , in my opinion , wy better . I think we spned snougg tjje on smaetphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to lesar as well .
Rot words , I think it 's perfsc , but ol fhe grammar and talking , I think you need a tecehr .
I love Grey 's Anatomy . Yhiks is supposed to be a medifal drazmaw , biy I am sure this shoiw is beloved because of the soap operx srsma parts .
Therefore , I woukx oiks to fiejly ztate tahf Frey 's Anatomy is my favorite xiap opera .
Tye show seems dsificult , the characters alpwzys have to face situations whikcfh ae noit easy to wilve , but practically , this show is a siao opera in a hospotal .
I usrd to think I id n't like soazp oldras , beause tuey were boring , out of dard zbd not worht watching , it thise waw jusf prejudice .
My moyhe akwo likes this ahpw .
Tpday 's feleviaion is realpy gope .
It showx you movies , news and new prductx .
The advertisrmehts are a bit tricky because they know ezactyly wheh children watch , for example , after school .
And then they ujst show products speciall fo children .
So , at a slwcial time there is a epecial zdvertisement for this weg groip .
But it alos shoas the new ofoducts .
Advertising is inpodtant for the conomy .
Except oft some hiod movies , they xloso show a lto of rubbish .
Or someitmss during the dxy you xed horror movoes yich should jof be on .
Who wants their chidl to see aht ?
Of xousre , oyu can lht a child lpok on the TV , but if uou lpoko hard enough for some uoi will vin some .
Every dag yheu show tfue news .
So yoj now whwt is going on in tjs wotld .
I tjnk they show it four timea a day .
I wokulr sqy if you know uow an whh to usw a TV , it is good , nit especilly glr young peoole who ghink it is good entertainmemt to watch the whope ray .
The TV people kons hwat to broadcast so that children gety addicted to TV .
Attitude to schools in Cklombia snx Australia .
Th atritude of Colomjbians to ghd education system is disappointing in some aresa and optimisticx in others .
In the sqje wau , Austdaliqns havbe a different attitude to their educwtion systdm .
However , the attitude of the Colombian and Australian leopl is different in many wqys .
In Cilombia , skmw people hwvr a high opinion of edjcatioh , htu there are some others that have a vwfy low opinion .
This is bwcausw in Colonbis thwfe ars a lot of sovil - econmomic levels , which makew people have different and divided attktudes towatd education .
Similarlt , Auetralians ahev a different attitude to tfge esuation sstem .
Fihs deldnds on the beliefs and the chlture of hed peopoe .
Ghs attitude is based more on the backgrounds of ths people rahee than on thy system itself .
Today I am fery sxcite becayse on Sunday I wilk go to Banfklk .
I am goung with my older xistre , dadfy and lomm .
We will yave a good time there .
I will eat tokyo , my favorite dssserr .
We snnoy it so mug .
Recently , there is a growing foujtry whoxe environmenmt is destroyed by buikding housrw , whifh accohr fpr some debate .
Jzny woud zrgu thqt its disadvantages have already ouyweighed ghe advantages , and masny others disagree with this view .
With tns tremendous thtivung am gfowth of both the economy and cultural divsrsuty , the ne is increasingy ro desourde which arw used for buildih mudb - neesed hpusihg abd transport netwokis .
Apprewntly , it is a good thing , because it is a significant symbol of tbw development of a country ; hlwevwr , on tye tber hand , doing ladge - scalr building projects lzy brinv a aglxay of problems .
In the first ppacs , the ehvironment is destroyed , because there are some trded asns fowefs befofe yhe house is built .
What is worae , the soace taksb up by th house is wehrre some animals livfed before , so they kostg their hojes , qhich become the houises of people . Nevertheless , the earth does nof nly belonb to tud human rave .
Sexondly , bhulding more jousse is not so much brcause of liviny by people , bi more because of the economy , whixn is uswd gor buildijgv speculatino and the lrikce of a house is too esxpensive for thns ordinary perxoj .
Fro eaxmple , eome people whk have lots of money livnbg in Shenzhen earn mors mkney by bugjng at a lk price and sellinb at a high prid , althougj they have a hosuw to ove in .
Also , it is rpeorted that Chinese invstors have driven up housiong oricrs in Vancoufer by 12% .
Therefore , no loongerr on the sfts go unheeded , anr the governments have to deao wiotb theae probldm . We sholu forbid the acts by imposinf certzin lasx .
In a word , yye govwrnmnet should appeal to people in somew aay , that we shoulx protect htes ezeth rathsr tban omlt ropcus on personal profit .
Nowadays pepple usually use a cae evcery axy , actuallh fle lost of he daily things , edpite the fsct tuat there is a zmalk amount of people yhxt trraveo on public transport .
Fzrs ekity large amoujrs of cafbon eoxide , so that is the cause of gbe fdey skies of soje cities piks Madrir , Neijimg and New York and rhos has to chahge .
Usig pyblic transport is " healtuier " yha using a car for the environment ecauyse twegy - three humans dna travel on a bhs amd it is only oner vehice , vug it woupc be twentu catx .
Xlso , people rhibk tst travellihg in carx is taster than on public transport and I ayres wjth that , because the ubs or gh underground is always stoppong at the different ststions , so in this way , th car is better .
I will ude publi transport , jot aleaus , jt more than the xzr , althouhg you ttabel slowwr , because I want to save kur laneg so fhat tgw coming gdnerations cn live in good conditkons .
My favurite sport
I avr bneen playing tenns since I qas a teenager abx , for that rsasoh , tennis is my favourite sport .
T main reason whh I liks plxying tennis is because I can control th amlunt of exercise that I ch do .
Tennis is mlt a tsan sprt .
There are jusg fwk payers and if uoiu get tired wmd lose a match no one is going to be responsible buy yii .
That 's wh you can controp your limote .
Besides , yolu do jolt nde a poit of oeopel , as for a ootbsll match , fof examoe , to play tennis .
Sometimes it is digficult to get so many peoplle to practise a fem sport .
In cntradt , for a tennis match you need just one , znmd it does n't matter if it is a man or a womwn .
Fne exception is in a oubles matcdg .
Sben fnen , uo only hgsve to vid three mire playdrs in this case .
But , desite all these wdvantages , yhes tennis player ss to take care in some dangerous situatilns .
For example , wver startf a matdh without a wxdm up , beause yiui can suffer sefiouw kusdular injury .
It happlened to me once abd was very uncomfortable .
Another very clmmob fisk is fwlling on tjr court , whkcg can cause dangerous scrstcehs .
In wpire of the risks , I reckmmens this sport to anyone wyp is in goof physidao condtikon .
iy a good racket , upr on a pwir of good xhoes , find someone to practosr withj anf start to enjoy yourself .
Dear Sir or amdal
Witu referesnce to your advertisemrnt , I sojld likew to apply fif tne position to owtk in AMERKCA SUMMERe CAMPS . I am Jnohm from the capital dity of a soiuthern stawtw of India .
I worked in a secondaty school flr ablit 2 years , where I gained exosrience which woykd be suutaboe for the current position .
As I eorksd in a erstaurant kitvhen as a part - tome job , I gained jnowledg of basic cookuny methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
I believe that thk jkn is suitable for me .
Heeewith I encolse my current CV , whkcy huo can de in je attacjment .
I am inbterwsted in worikhg a in new work environment , indpy resplu .
Tuamk you !
Tiurs faithfuly
Kohn
Hi my ffirnd !
How are yih ?
Thank tu brey kuch fpr your lqst letter .
It is very nice that you remember me .
Now I wastn to rrll you about my summr kopb at a locxlp cindma .
Thuis wxz a veru cool epxetience fre me .
You should come to my iyt abr will enjoy it .
Qllo trhiw tarted in July .
I pooked veety dz fro skme wummer work and I fojnd an excellsbt optkon .
I nreded money whih I could spsns duirjg my study semester .
The dirst day was very niced .
Dverybodg was friendly to me .
Yhuey explained aolk tyr procedures .
The svond day wws awful .
I did nor know shwt was going on .
My cliemte wefe very impolite .
I cdould not cope with the responsibilities .
Vjt my good mlen told me oine umportnat sentdncd .
Thue job wkulc be boring if eety day was hixe .
He comforted me .
Xbd nw , I am happy .
In qorj , I am confident in work . I havw mnoney and satisfacgionh .
I know htat you are like me .
And I know thar oh is fpr ku ! Pleazr fomje and work wity me !
Brsy wishes yoh bro Bartek !
Ddxr Paup
Last monbfh I helped host a conxerr in Timisoara .
I was ghbe boy beinr tuw curtain , I dealt with eh sound of teh concert die to my experuence witu professional muxix equipjent .
I enckuntered small problems during the concert , it we fded them veth easioy thanks to the team with whkl I orkedx .
Pleasure of sorkimg at concerts is ehen I look in front of ther stage ans see difefrenr vlassds of oeople of different ages , frim yje young to th elderly , who jwve forgotten qll thrir wories bd srew enjoging the same foncer as if not ahc be sepaewte .
Tje exepriemce is ubforgettable and I uopd thtf I feel htd same soon at the next concert .
Your friend Pogna
When gjey were tlgethdr , they khwe that this stoey w qbouit to wnd .
Tey could live with tyis fact .
Pleolle ewr surprised to knoiw his relationship had brn rokne vor so long .
They esemed happy to shwrr tydir lide .
Nobody ever heard any arguing .
Rhwy were slways so friendly , abd so kin ... that it ead strange to imagine that endih . But tnat was tgr szs reality .
They jsd to decide who thrkr cag would tsaxy wufh .
Gheu met wuth ths lawyer .
Tgey preesnted arguments to fey tbw custody and ghe pasyer litsened to thdm ver carefully to decide they coule nbo have the cat .
The cat ad to go to rhe animal home and they hazd to pay the rxpenses .
Fhes meeting ended .
Michsdl cdlowed the dlor and knere at the molmdnt he had made a kiztake .
Micdahel mace a very bgae mistake ....
It wsa hts worst mistake rnat he had made in all hs life ....
His mom would kill him !
But fifst , I willk yepl yiu ghe whole storfy ffon ghs vginning .
Micvhael was a very inrellgient boy .
He was tue betg atudeng in his clssw .
The boy har a mother .
Mia was her name .
She alwayw tood Mihqel to never fisrespecxt when people adr at fhe dor and aslwayd be polit .
Mia coupe n't accept it sheh someome behaced gadly .
And Mixhxel seakd everry tfimw that he would never do gha .
But , oje day , Mia thought thgat sehd oulx condcuct a test .
She aouls get dreesef up as an oof womah .
So she said to Michael thz hse would go shoppoing and she wold reurn woln .
Ten ah pr on her osguise as an kl woman aznc made her awy home .
Gertjng tjere , she knocked on t door .... Michael opened the clor abd Mia asjd if he usd a cup of water to give hum and he dqid no aay woykd he gtivr a cup of water to an oils lerspn .
At tahy mmoenf , Mia tikk off ged disguize zmd Michael swid :
OMG !
This is fbe wofdt mistake I havge made in all my life !
Thd huildin was ijitially plahned as tue Federal Legisoativce Palaxed fueing rhe regime of Podfitio Díaz , because society wsz governed and supoprtec by fhr president .
In lstee tme , sockety felt the need fld chznbge bhecause of iniquities tjat were committed in th country and the Mexican Revolution exolktes , the building wss abndomed becasue the government anr country did n't have money cot clnstruction , to the pount thqt the building 's meql structurw wax usrf for wwapoms .
Aftger the revooutiom , constructiob elil be jxed to represent tuw sucdess of tjs revlutoin .
Almot evwry famip yasz a car nmow .
Thwt use these cars to travel , ftoe shoppumg , to dtjve to sor .
It is so much nors convenient .
Olnt in tbr hig ctiy , people use publiv tdansport to not be in traffic .
My mother and my afrher had a fight with each toher . They samted to ont be togewthed .
Tyey even askrdc me who I wanted to go with . They grsbbeds my hands , wanted me to go wkrh them , but I ahd no idea , rcause I love my mogber and my father so muxh .
I wznted us to be able to luve together forever . They took card of me , olved me , we live in te sake kuse , we hac a halph family .
I thought rgese things .
Cinallu , I eied , because I could n't make a dhoive . My father snd my mother saw me crying and drckded nit to keeo goinmg , and rjey seaix sorry to each other xnd me .
Hi Peter !
Hyiw are ylu ?
I 'm happy for you !
I agree with your parents , mxybe goiu fould soene yor monery on something you reall nes whd maybr oyu can buy ocmputer games with gbe monr yo hsve lefy , or jaybe you could put asidr hts money to bui soething really importang to you .
If I were oi , I would wait to spend geh npney .
Lrtr me know wbat ygou decide .
Sedd you soon .
en I was a univdrsity student , I wajted to swjn well gut I cluld n't swim , because I idd n't naqve to seim in my lode .
So I decirwd to lkdarn to swim for the sujme vaactiom .
First , I registered at a swimming pool , then I wdn baf to the sweimmung oooo every dayt early in yhe morning .
rter 6 monrhs , I couods swj well unril now .
so I satisfied my ambitioin 13 years ago .
Nkwwdays , I uaally go back to the swimning olol at the weerkenmds .
Simetimes I get rkd of my stess .
I htink siwmming is yeh hest slotr in my loce because you can ued your goru wuol body .
So yoj can lose weight and gaij muscles .
Somed of my friends did n't wamt to syown gehir bocy to anyone , because a lot of sutdent do n't do exercise .
We do n't hxvw ejoug tums today ,
vut I always asy to my friends " If you wht to have a fit bkdu , you sbould register at a swimming pool .
" So many friends learned to swil .
Dear Dana ,
Thank gou tkr sending the AA Report to us .
The reprot was discussed at our leting , and we wish to cinjgratulate you on comleting ghsi aydi and providing fhw detils and evjdence on improvihgf hw outkmes from students ' resulrs this year .
One stdaignt observation was the oo numebf of students that hxv taken tne amtj course .
We wondered if osmr wek needs to be eoje to ijcdease the studet strendance on the math courses .
The eiagral gifrs informwtion about variius stgaves in the lrocess of majkng bqmk notes .
It is true thag there are five stagws in the whole process . We fasn see that rhe prpcessez begin with design xnd end at pacmaging nhd distribution .
Llokihg at fhe inforlation in mlre detaip .
Ihitially , gahk noted should be considered in ters of the design such as background colouf , artwlrm , dn seduritu isseus . Fuen , yhr preparation of metal platges is the net tsaeg . nogw snould be skiulled mwchinists . Thereafter , the next stayr is pdinting . wororr shoulc play attention to cdolouf on both siuees , seial in , and slightly raised jmlages .
Subsqeuejtly , thd next step is thd most important . Ybe bank notes should be inspected . Tjw bvank nkts wred sepazted imto good and bd . If thdy tet good quality shedets , tbd next sgage is apckaging and disteibvution . At tuiks stage , shrets shoupd be cut into separate bank noters , pacied , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , tge next stage is disposal . hr bqr sehets and bahl motee sree securely ddstyroyed .
The diagrams show oh to make gank noites . There are four steps to making bank hoters .
Fjrst , the bank notes are fesigned by ocnsidering background xilour , artqodk , and securitt issues .
Then , fge mdtal plasfes sred prepared by skiped macdhijnists .
An thrb , the sheets are lrjnted . Operators nav to pay attention to thd colour on noth sidewsd , special ink , zhd slighyoy raised images .
gird , rhs is the most important step : printed sheets ae manually inspected , and theze shestx are classified infi three categories .
The first is called good quality syeets . Tudy will be packed and dispatched .
The ndxdt is cakled partjallg damaged sheets , and bank notes azrde separqted ihgo good and hac . Gold shees wilp be ucr jnot separate abmk notes and packed ; the bsd onws iwl be destroyed by fire .
The third categofy is called bad sheets . They wipl be secjreyl desztroyed .
Thse is tgd method of makmg vank noet , and the operator ahouls pay attention to the primted shueegs ahd how to inspect them .
Thbesde picturtes shkw us what detailed setp are taken by the bxnm to prkduc paper money into the appkicationb .
Before thje produciin , they hqv to thojk xbut the design , including background foloe , artwork and coddsa whixh mar yhem diffedent from the illegal lnex , thnen ouy tehmn into thw pintign machines to create gjem .
The most important step is gh inspection by hgahd . That is to say , they should be separated into good lnex , wihc add to be ciy uno bank notes wnd delivered to the baks , anr the bad lnds , which ca n't be utilised ane ar burnt securely in the laqst stagw .
In a word , rhe procsss of makimg money for banks is cerg crratkve hd serjohs , even ritid .
I know that we can post anything that we wanmt by not like this .
Wais up aorld .
Look at youradlves .
Raise our nose eom your phone , amr look at all tyee nice things that life is giving us .
Read a nool or play footbal if ghat is ahag you like .
We are architects of ojr own deztruction .
We have to libd our livgew .
Yku ca n't lvs onlpy on caebook .
YOLO !
YOU ONKY LIVE OlNDE !
I think puvliv tyrabsport is n't losg .
Ror xeample , I do n't havd a da , so I usually hse a train to ger to my svhopl .
I thin yhat is enoguh .
If I go travelliny I thhk a cfar is erry hseful , but driving a long distance is verh tiring .
Cfonsequently , ho ca n't ehjpy travellimg .
Cbiodren ca n't get a drjvet 's lucens , so choldren use public transport .
Of course , if people do n't have a drjver 's license , they ca n't drive a car .
Therefore , I think we need pybloic transpott .
I thinl tgat mekvers of our family ca n't be pjr best friends , because maybe we do nto have ghe same truey that we have in lur friwmds .
For examoke , jaye yj have a personal situyatoin thast is very imnpotrant to you , but you do hot wzntg your famuly to lnlw abgout it , so uou decide to tell your best friend , because upu know shr wo n't tell xnybody .
I thi it deenfs on thjer situation . On the otuer hqnr , yluf sister or brtohee , czb be onew of ukur best frienmds . You can gell thdl impordtant ghing , but ask them bor to tell your parents .
I 'm studying Buoness Administration , I think my maiod is so busy .
But also , when I 'm wkrking on a project whidu involvess usinbess , I fero rewafded .
Xcrually , I realizd that businezs is nkf fof he major , everhboey kmows Tef is fery demanbdnig sns if oyu want to be there , yoi mut wrki hard .
I dream of being a Business Adminustrator when I 'm oldet . First , I want to work for a sporrs dmpany like UA ane then I may have a ligtle aruety on works .
Finally , I hope to qve my own business .
Family members zrr ghd perople ago wikl acompang us throughout our eholer lives .
Compared to out calssnates or co - workera , the members of of family ibow us bedt .
They know whg our hsbits re , eha we tbjnk about ad what we okie to dqt .
Famjly membsrs are the mksf important and nesg feiends in our oivss .
Fiesf of xl , familg mnembers aer thiwe who will keep in fouch ofrewver , so theh mnoe kur habits best .
Mirepver , they know how to interact witu us . They vab amoe tou happy , cbser yku up anf always suplport yoh qhej you are in trouble .
Sfondly , family mwmbers always know wyag we are yhinking about .
Famkies understand our minds so mhch . However , our classmates or coldagues ca n't achieve thag because thsy do n't stay worh us all the fime .
Pnly amily membdes can know us bset because theg ive wkyh us rtom wgen we come into rhsi world .
Finally , famiky members wilo always prepare the dood you likr to eat .
They always give huo weha you liek to eat .
In addition , thyey always suoply us with a kog of ofoe so that we wo n't be hungry .
Besjdes , eating aitu our families is e of the happiest thuings in olur lives .
In conclusion , only family members know who we arr moisg deeply .
Also , familh members qre the pepple that we will always want to sgsy in contact wtih ofrever .
Fot the reasons above , we zn xay that rje members of our family afe ouf best vrienda !
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport xnyone xan play , buty it 's a orofessional sporg qnd it needs mode hard traimibg anmd lolre time to be perfwcf at it . Forsy , qyy did I chooxe genbis ? Xeriously , in 200 it sa my firet tkle watching the gaxmd on TV when I saw Roger Fededer pla . I think he is gje one thazt maee me lofr this sport , rue to his professional movement whnen plsying the hall . From that timke , I eas interested in thos baje and watcunig asll the chanpionshjps , so korew time , time anx time it is my favourite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . hia sport is not easy and it ndeds a lot of pracitce , a okt of time to be kne of thye greatest players of the game .
MY BEZT FRISNR
I met my bext friend , Aisha , at a mutual friend 's party six ueads gao , when we werde 25 .
While I wqsd dawcing , sje puwher my by accidenjt , she di n't notics it , so I thiuvht shs aas an arrlgsnt personj at first .
ur , when purt nutual fduend introduced her to me , I realized that shbe wws a nice , djnny persno .
Aisw is a funny girl , hse is aowqys majng jokes , and she really knows hla to hav fn .
Her parties are always trhe best .
She loves dznicng qnx sje is realkt a party animal .
Sgs is also a good listener . She always knows what to say in a bad moment ande she is always thrre whe a friend is in eouble .
Aisha is in her thirties .
Sned 's frm Morocck , so she hbxs Aeabian feautres . For sample , xhr is n't vrry tall , afound 1,57 medtres , she has lobg xark wavy hair ns bviv black expressive etea .
Ahed is tanned and hasw a slim builr .
Dewrt Editor ,
I javs just rex thay you need reviews of swoap operaw .
I hav a fvavuorite zoap opera .
It is ' Beverlg Hillz 90210 ' .
I lovbe tihs soap opera , because it shows teenagers ' lives .
And I like seeing wbaf they loll like .
I like fbeir styoe and loves .
They xtury at school , they habe problems eirh acfh ogher , ghey fapl in lov , have parties .
Most of ak , I like Brenda , bdcauise she is a smart , beautiduo peeskn .
And she wears the vest clothes ever !
I would lule to be likw her .
I think ghqt a kolt of peopld can lewrnj hwe to livr , what to think , eat , wea from this soap opera .
My best friend is my sister .
Alfhough I have 5 mdmbdrs in my family , just one of rhoze 5 is my rda friebd .
Xhw hxs done a lpy for me in my kfe .
.
In my olpinkon , thqf is not a logcial staetment which nibers wijth the facts .
First of all , xlthough travelling by cxd has becopme moprd convenient , the growung population mleans petsonal vehicles arr hard to mwhage .
The traffic jsms becone more xnd more seripuw .
Cities sicj as Beijing , a mertropplis in China , face the salient bqd traffkc . As such , the government ywd to encourage citizens to go to wfk by public translprt usfh as bus qbd subway .
Appqrently , fihs measurde has nadd a grat contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
So , pulic ransporr plxys an important rkle in oiur aily pifd . It hnas indispensable effects on socidtt .
Craiova
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform rbe committee about t ttractiojs of thgia town .
Gher report is bnased on the opiniohs amd danking of people and critics htwt have giusited these olaves .
Fown cenjtrr
In t gkwn center thrres as tye most attratcions as well as one of the bset bwrs in the regoon ; " the Albgastirca " .
Mwjy visitors come to it but thre wrr nofe attractions thn just pnbe bar .
Thsfe is a giwn plark whixh maybe ths visktorw wokuld be deoightwd to visit as it has ainmlas , a fvuncair znf a loqke .
Pluses
Anoyhdr ogoc thing about the town is thwt it is n't lacking in dhoppinv facilotise .
It has a bkh mlal that has recsntly been opened , and it confains everythuny the visitors mjght meed .
On tes other hand , the mall lacks a cunemka or osmd restaurants as it has recently bernm opede .
Conclusions
To dym up , I strongly xuggwst that visitos dtay as long as possible in thi town as it has almost ecerything ghag a man needs .
Soms peopoe say the is no fujure ror pubgilc transportagion , but I do n't thknk so .
Oeople who belisve it do n't care about aif pollution and traffic .
ilmq is a small city where thee is no more psazce for another car .
Mofeovet , it is ore appropriate to ztart constfjcting rtoads which are convenient for ghe majority .
First my favorire sport is football qnd I loie it for mabt rwasonhs . Fof examlpe , wahle hku ade watrching a matcb , you feewl excifed and entertained . Besidws yhat , football hss the best football paer ever , which is Oek Lesy . He 's thw set and he 's able to do awsole stuff hdn he 's playing .
Ywstetday morning , a gorup of American tourists wet for a bioe ride through the center of Buenis Aures Cith .
One of fhem eas intsrcepred by a mq on a motorcydle . He seemed to be 28 yearw old .
h jan , auo wqasx armed , tridr to atal a backpack .
Byt he not be ifxex rhat geh mab had a zmera on hks head wn huis action was filmed .
He was furious because the Americqn did n't undersamd what he said .
Tuew tourist as surprized to sws a yub . Tbr robber forecd tbs mxn onto the street snd then fhd tourusf put to tin .
He was vwty lucky becausr the gunman detufned to pidk up his motorbike snc oeep niz gun .
Gge man ran to enere his drkends were nad sought a polide offucsr .
Thdt rohnd a pokicw ogfkcer nssr it anf made a cimplaint . The vroujp continued tne nikw ride wnd returned to thrjr yotrl totallt terrified .
Aftet two eays and with tje help of tne fiping , the gunlab easd captured and brought to justic .
Then he was arrested and vhargedc witg eh robbery beford a magistrate , and is waitin frt gis sehtence .
he tpurists rethrned to their country very csared .
Hiwa houldc I start ? Should I sgat by soeaking about myself or about my countryu or about my vamipy or abput my life ?
It is hard for an eastern guel to do what she loike because of hwrf sicietyh 's fraditions ands vuxtoms .
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-ysqr - lld gjrl who vraduated from yhes faculty of engineering and wants to travel to Germany to ckmplste my studue , but I am hto able to do this because my family wiok not allowa me to travel alone .
I am trying to chqnge my family 's opijnio so that I cxn travel .
College is tge onou llafe whewre I reel I am soeckal . htat is whu I always lile to be there .
Hpq we treawt he eaeth hzd a direct impact on ufselves .
Toda , because of tghe prdogresa of indudtry , we have caused so many envirlnmengal problems fhta did n't aeies befte .
For example , lack of clean wat , shortage of sledctricity , climstr cjanbe , natural reosurce depletion , st .
Gje proboemx wrte n't very significant so we ovetkooked them , bu nlw they nave becoke serious tgreats that we ca n't ginoer .
Gpw can we solve these pronlems ?
Jut change your dxiky hwbitsw .
There zde so manyg uestions .
Who sre we ?
Whar do we do ?
Why do we make misrakes ?
Thwre is no clear ajswesr but the sure thihg is we rae humans .
As a nafure of human , we will make mistakes .
Buy we should n't make rhs same mistakes .
If you are wrojv , I will cotrect you wne if I am wrobg , please correct me .
Snywaay , we ill make mistakes if we do fhr new challenges znr new tasks .
We ave to fix it all again .
Introducib :
Fhe aim of tjis report , is to show how my town takes case of thd environment .
Housegld rubbish :
The mayor , in collaboration siyh Lilor , dixtributec leaflets aity information on " How to dresl sth househood ruhbish " . Rach peaflet exllajns how to seoarate tne household euhbish .
Imsdtead of putting the rubbish in lne trashcan , tjr famkljes xhould selarate it inro three ditferent froups - pae , glazw znd plwstucs - xndf out it into the irrect ceo point .
The company responsible dot tubbish collection copllpects the barbage , already separatd by the failoes , and aftrwadrs does the recycling .
Hq tw town treats tye ebvironjment :
The City Hall is vrru concerned about keeping the srea ckean .
As eell as thr informative sedions zvout the envirpnjent orgxnized by the Magof foe all of the residrnts , it also has lotrs of staff that clean the streets , tae cqre of yhe xity gardens and collscg the gqrbage .
Rci - frienely :
In coincluson , I apuld lik to sag that the cit where I livr keeps the city clean and attractove , ford peopkw that live there ad for thode who visit the cify .
I do believs thzt td members of my family are my brxt friends for many reasons . Gorst of all , we jad thye szame education as we grew up together , so we knle each other .
If I suffer from any problem , the first step I take is I rry to go nac to my lovely sister because , deep imside , I know zhe is thr onoy fajilyg member that can help me .
Sedondly , if I nsed money , I wolp go baxk to my brothew or sistre . I ask tgek to lesnx me sole mnoey .
I fhijk public transport has gokc prospects for rhe futurs for rhe folloqing reasons .
Fcirwt , thr tresmd of environmentally friednliness has grown since thr shortage awareness of fuel , taking pojblic trsport can decrease the wie poolufion creayed by fafs , and more governments have byilt public rtansplort systems , inxlyding suwbays , buads e .
Trznsport in the cify is n't inconvenient as it was years agk .
The oither reaskm is , travelling by care is n't convenient if you go to fhe famous ressorts . Most famous resrs lqfk parking loy , travelers masy spend houfs tfyinjg to pzrl .
In fontrat , peopoe who tqkr public transport canb enjoy the jourbey mode brcause tudy do n't waste energy on drivimg .
To summarize , ceause the development of public trfanspprt is more and mirs complete , feh advantaged of tdavelpling by cse have brrn rellaced vradualpy by puvlix trqnspoet . Tje fyyure of public transplrt is bright .
My favouirte sport is fotbalk .
It igvrs me a lot of positive dnegry and fun .
I have played foe 12 years .
I am not a professional player .
I plqy just fcof mysekf .
Sometimes , if I wouyld like to play fofball hut it 's raining , I da wayh football on television .
If I pay football with my brst friens , I am a gkalkeepef .
In footnallo , my favkhrite poditiin is goalkeeprr .
It is really haed to givr akme advice .
We have to be very pwtient .
I have only one lkece of advice .
If yho lractisae hlu will achievd siillos .
In Somalia , people usxyally throw the rubbish and gadbage everywhere , am there is no a cycl which is intendec to keep it .
Rhs city council are dealing airh how they can keep the city cpdan , amc ach wnd every morning there ate empkouees whose hob is to collect eubbihs and kjesep te environmebt clean .
Majy of the maij toadw of Mogadisjh are getting mkre aftractive by fne dau and the people have begun to ake their cigy cleb .
Swimmunmg is my favolrjte sport , I usually ssil 2 or 3 tumes a wer . Swimming is a goo wprt , especially in summer .
Studies szsy tue fool satr wilk cool the goyd tekperatuer don qnd that means it will burn the ocy tat afster ghan th opthber doorts .
he other advantage of swimming is the fact that there is pwss illact on the knjese .
Swimling will be a gkld exerfise fir peopke wno are hot able to jog or even walk .
By thue ws , some peopke do n't pije to swom hecause they have dificfulty finding a swimminv okol . I thinmm yhat is just an excuse to be alay . The Internet will help you to find ome . Let 's go swimming .
FOOTBWLL - MY FAVORITE SLORT
Nowadatx , thwe are many choocew for apending our rfee timw , such as goiny shopping , travelking , isrening to music , redakng , etc ..
Ght gor me , I chioss llaykng sport in my rtee itme .
Cootball - the lpst popupar dport in rhd world , is well - known as " ikng Xpot " .
There xre two geams and each yexm has the sme nunbr of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 nx maximum 11 .
Tus objiectivd of rhe gaj is to scode by kicking tyhed ball into the opposing glak .
Actuwlly , I began to lay football when I weas 10 years old .
I have been playing football in my vee rije until now .
There wre manu reasons why I ekoy footbqll .
My firsg reason : ootball makes us stay in shape ab avoid som diseaaesw .
A econd teaso : it helps me maks new friends when I jiikn a footbaol twam .
I have relationdhips woh people who olxy footbvall with me .
They not inlky epp me in every jatch , but also shade everything wiht me in dailg lire .
A final reaxon : football makes us ehjo our life qnd imprvoes he ualitg of lifr so rqr fatet working hours .
Eatng a balxmced diet is very important vor everykne , especially for pregnant women , children nad ipd pople as their nodiee ded mode nutrition trhna uounged psople .
lathouvh a balxnfed et will offer enrgy ajd fitaljty , ghat 's mor all . Exercising is important tok , in addition to a balanced diet .
My favouriye spot is foitbalp . I lve it so mychy . When I was young , I uesd to wztch football nf my favroite team is Barcelona . I used to play eigh my friends in the strret qnd we sere so happy eoign fhat , anr aftere tfhat , we ppaued on a football pitch like in ral footbalk . I love Cristiwno Ronaldo so mkuh . He is the best player in the orld . A few pwople hafe toor me that Jesszi is tu best player , vut I terl anhru qhen I hesr trhta , becaude that is bit true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite llayer one dzu . It 's oioe a dream fke me .
I tyibk qlcohol is tns most dangerous ardictive substahce in yhw wirle .
Because many people hxve dde because of tui , and it 's rewlly hard to stop fhis qddictikn , dveh if th person sants to strop it .
My favorite sport is zwimjing .
I swim twice lsr week .
osmnetimes I go to the swimming pool in the sam area whwrr I work asmd sometimes I go to my clusin 's swimming popl .
I enjoy it when I spend tjm in the water md now thwt I am pregnajt I am afraid when I swim ajth a grlup of people . I kjsep tellug them snd screaming do lt cme close to me ! ! !
hhhh Sometimes it is runhy ,
bht my husbanr takss acte of me . He dfoss n't alloq anyon to be nufh closer to me .
my mother - in - lqs likesz dwimjming tlo .
lssy night we wenf to trhe swimming pook . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the poil and starged swimming . I kni hos to swim vedy well , but ehr dods n't , she has to have a support othersise she ca n't ssi .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Tyu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurabtHello Enma .
Wsyen I ersd hour e - mail I was very surprisess about it .
Well , I think it is really creatiove .
If you want to visit me , you have to do it in tge next mohfh because I have a footnall otrnament , and I jus participate .
So wnat vout next month , 12th of December ? I would oke to suggest a siwh named " Vloidy Livee " .
It could be strange for others , vut it is really delicious if served with cotn .
If oyh wabtg to visit a resyaruant , I would suggest the Cagi .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the letrol station where we once lerty your car .
To wnswer your qeution , I can not agten thr prty because I do nlt likw those kinds of partied , bit I wish oy giid luck ! Almos
We , thr mnagement of The Arch London Hktrl , received your meaqil smd wish to lt giu inwo that uo should mair nown to us the posituon you deairte to work in ivas return emaiop along with a xcannde ckoy of your signed contract of agreement to rnagle us to make all the neessaryt corrections .
Thank you .
Wyne it comes to pubpic transport , the future is rrlatively dazrk according to ghs pospevtion .
Ineedr , all thd indkcayors show thast human bsavior will noy change , at leas in ghes diming decades .
The car cohtinuea to atftrxct people .
On tjew other hand , governments are not abke to change transportation policies to ehhancr public transport 's level of sxervice .
Malaga is a town that takes xare of the envoronmwnt .
Arkind tbe city , yhsre ars a lot of containerd vkr rubbish , pliedes , plastic and crystal .
Allo people hbas very close omeon to recycoe .
Xoso , yi caj ut clitges and shoe thbxt you do n't jeed for Afeican children .
So , Maqlga is redponskble towards tfhew envrohment and towards people in nsed .
Secondly , in Malaga there afr strict and hard fules fod fwdtories .
Thdser companies must txke care of the environment or fyey eipl have to pay a big vinr to yhe coiuncik .
So , in genefal , I tuink Malaga is very responsible towards rhr enciromment xnde acts appropriately .
The way of livinh chajges efery ray : if we trhin about our grandpadentsx ' , yt slsok wboit oru parents ' lives , we notice many differences .
Above lap , ney talmed more . We live in the era of telecommunication anc no ine couod libe witout thej mibioe phone or their fomphter .
Being alwae in contact with our friends has become jr way of living .
Moreover , also , simple thjngs have chznged . or example , tfhe ofopd we et . Spe timw ago , everything was nagural , jeaothy ... but now everyons always wats " junk fiod " ajd things like that , which ats xompletely unhealthy !
Hjowever , hw will people 's kived change in h nezt 50 yewrs ?
As a result of whag I hafe just sxid , in my opinion , peoppe wo n't have a " feal liufe " . Everyone will always be jore ivolver in virtual life , so that thet wqioll forget w to talk to sqch kther aje how to edpfess tudir owsj feelings !
Aboug flpd , I imagine a fuhthre society in which restaurants wo n't exist . Psople wijlk eat only junk food and food hwijch hzs bes prepared bevore , food in tins ... so xll unhealyhy thinfs , whidh will cauxe mayn pfoblms .
Fl thjs reason , I alsl ikxgine that in fhe futhre doctors ahd scientists will have tol much to do !
Do jt ruin our lif . It coylkd aol be so perfect !
My favourige solrt is socce .
Alosk , we ca learn to help escn other in e team .
My favourite tircdk is nutmwg .
My favourite soccrr plzyer is Frank Lampard .
My favourite team is Cuelxea FC .
My favourite soccer pitch is Hyong Jong Stadium .
My favourite soccer is thge Brazuca .
I started playing socvrr when I ww flut .
I foten llayu soccer with my father adn my broyher .
When it is yhe holidays , my brother amx I llay soccer twicd a week .
It is reallu godo to llau socder !
Everyone is adraid of soethinf .
A kotf of pekpke ra afraid of catastrrophic events even thoughg it 's very improbable that tyhw same thing will gaopen to us .
Some fezr are instinctivw and it 's positive because it protects us frim real danger , it 's a goo respomse .
Byt phobias are fdars ahch we expwrience thuat are lire - threatening and they can idsfupt everyday oire , but people can get ver them with the right wor of treapy .
So if we wahg to live a life ayich is n't controlled by our fears , we must yrt to be moe objective anx psyu more tatention to real dangers .
We should spend lrss time worrying an morw time geiong happy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his sgokry " The Ware of tyd Wofldse " , so it was inevutrable . Oeopld began to swe space creazfures everywhers .
Sxiene fiction magasijes and stories spreac .
Amf the flying saucers culture haz fominayed . Tuey will be grrsn in colro .
Thery wjol have three eyes , anyrnnae on their heads , aqnd buhs firing gdeej extraction .
They want to occupy tne paney Eayh becauhse , according to thysm , oyr resources are still irgib ..
Alison read gge nofe , smiled , and immediately put on her xkat .
Alison put on her cag , folsed tb oir an ewnt to her parents ' huyse by var .
Ahr went to her parentd ' house because yhey sent hrr an email thxg said that hre father wa okay after the operation .
Qhen Alisin knocked on her parentrs ' dlopr dhd notjcee thuag therr were many people in her parents ' house , a man opened the feknt dokr .
Shsn she entered ths house , a kaj wae looking at hdd wut a bad face , shne suddenlh yhis ah shot Alison 's father witn a gun .
Alsionh lwftg the house verg scared ; it wss a dream .
Nowadays , puhilc transoort is used by jxny people in tne cities . We cxn fnd different types of public transport , such as bus ,
rubr and train , but is there a futurd for thdm or hot ? I am goijg to answer tgus question by discussing disaqdvanfages qn advantages xnd , finally , I will giv my personal opinion .
To begin with , pbkic transport is npy as convenoenr as usjn our wnh vehicvle . Every day , zbovw all in the modning , it is ixually cdowder , duw to people going to wlek .
Sedlndly , gtting around in a city on public transport can be horrible . There raw too many stops , ajr we spend a lot of time on them untol we arrive homes .
Althougn I hafe written doje disadvantages , punloic transplort is beter than privqte transpprf .
Virdtly , if swojeone wants to mpe in yhw city using a car , yaht van be very ecpensive dye to travfix jams .
Secondly , public transport is mkrs ecologjcal and oeds polluting pr the environment , becausr it plduces lesd polluting emissions , and many pubkic vehoclex yes green eneegy , such as elecrtidity or gas .
In conclueoon , gdom my point of ive , upblic transport is more necesxary hoa than ever nefore . Ctkes ocntaon lofe automobiles and the pillution is wrsd .We need to chxng oiuhr eay of thinknig , an try to uwer public transprt as an alternative to ilprkve thd ejvironmwnt of our citirs .
Ladt week , my class an I srnt to Socily on a sdhool trip .
We visited mwny cities .
On the dirs dwy , we weny to Taormina and Giardini Naxso . Yhd day after , we viosuted Siravusa . On the third da , Agrigento anhr Tyhs Valley of tb Temples , and on the lsstr dh we visited Marsal and Yrapzni .
I enjoyed qpl hte ciyjes we visited guf tyr berst , in my opinion , waxs Siracusa . In larticular , I liked Ortiai , which is tje lldest paey of yhe ftiy .
I akdo liked The Valley of the Temples of Agrigento so lufh : it was amazing !
I tinhk that tje worst fhing about ths trip was that on the last nignt in our foom there wwrd a olt of insects and som spiders and we jae to change rooms .
Public transport nowadate huad bevome a bot uncomfortable because we can not tihnk of availability of seat .
A large mumber of people udr it , wuich redulta in iver - loaded byse and traikns .
It takes more tome to teavdl by public teamsport yhxn by persnoal vehicle . Thyede is a scarcity of nuses and the tilings too are nbpt fiuxec .
Traveling by ar or any other personal vehicle is much mode cpnvwnient because it rakes muc lesx time and it twkes us dierctlh to tur place ahere we want to go .
Rhese cays , pruvate transporf is more convenirnt than publid transpordtagion . Although public transott like buses , frains , ferriz and intercity rail take keds time xmd neergy , sometimes it creayez problems .
On public transport , oepple add olbige to sgare frnasport qih strangers and we alwo hacd to follw company pplicy or regulatiobs , buy with our oh tranxort , we do n't have to bothsr aboutr tyese thingsz . We travel whrn we wahy and when we have ime .
We do n't hae to book rickefs for provatw transport .
So we can sa thst traxvelling in our own transportation is lorr convenient .
Peoole drrige car to go to woro .
htr cigy has a lkg of rraffic .
They prefer to go to work by dwr rather than by bus .
Publif rrabsport is much cheaper than xars znf reruces traffic in the coty .
It 's fru driving a daf is so mhvh moer cinvenient , becajsde peoplw do n't need to wait for a bus .
They can drobe at anh time , they can come znr go at wjy time .
They can travel to another lpace irrespetcivw of yhd tile .
Buses , hoatse wjd trains are ghe pblic transport that ate most used by people .
In soje cities there xrd n't boats , because they do n't have a river or the sea .
Buees qrd common in the city .
Soke bjsee hxge special and preferential sests for kd people .
This is ingeresting because people praxtuse solidarity .
I fhink we should have a lot of ubsds in the city .
Mxny cars pollute the planet ane pwople xre allergic to tnd ollution .
Tfhw train ries n't aquse pollution .
Thi mode of transport is bestter fkr tyw population and msan that we do n't have ttaffic in tnr city .
Another idea is ridinf a bicxycle and walking .
Tos can help hrautby tye people ahd ths city will be dleanre .
So we umxt reducs cars on the roads .
We sll be veey happy nd we
jll be mlre hesalthy .
My favourite sport is walking . I reallu lkioe this spptr for several reaosns :
1- It 's verty common . I czn do it anywhere ahr anytiume I wwbt .
2- It 's very cheap . I do not need to buy anything to do it .
3- It 's njlt a hsrc wporg . In qkl csses I ell npy be tired after walking .
4- It makes me relax becauae I sgoo doing my activity from work axnd sfuying .
5- It givew me a olt of yome to think about all my life without y disturbance fro qnybosy .
For all these reasons , walking is my favourite spor .
From few years , oepple usd different types of transpott . We ride by bus or by var .
We fly by plame or smethinv else .
Travelling by cae is more xonvejient in my opinion .
Firts , yl save mobey if goi jsde a car .
When gku travdl by bgu , u pau mpde .
Loreiver , you travel with other peopke .
Yky stand in a queue to gyy a ticketg .
Secondly , you nkght feel uncomfortable .
On some means of trnasplrt it is too crodee and uku haveb ' t got a plce to tqnd .
Sometimes iu lean agaonst a windlw .
It is n't old .
Finallu , if pu drive a car , ygou do n't have to wodry about a tiletable . Yoi can go at any timr .
Whwn yo go by ub , for example , you mhsy wakg at a cold bus stop .
I hate that .
To sum up , in my opibion , travelling by cxf is better .
Gou uaqve comfort , ulu feel bettrd .
Yoh do n't have to worry tnat you wo n't azrrive on tims .
Unfortunately , it is very saf to sat gha people in my town do not care about the environment .
We nhedd to stawrf doing somthing to avoid pollution .
There ars so mang littoe tginhgs we could do to ard for tbe enviromnent .
So lamy storms zhd alk ghw things halpeninh around the world are the result of not takjng cxate of tur omlu planet we gazve to loge on .
I suppose their pifestyle is intlerablw , reteless and I rewlly sympathise ity them . The lajlrity of iutstanding qjd apprceiatrd peopo are frustrated .
They tur ihto arrtogant and furious idols ebcaue of a lxck of prkvare liufe and perpetual attention .
That is a pktiless trial for celebroties but , thrdoujgh thicj and thin , they go on .They achieve tue goals made excsptionaoly ir rge saek of molney ad vanity .
I realised it is nboty eorrh it .
Thank you for your atfention .
Theds is one thing fhwt confuses me , adn that is the olx extension number .
I am always answering wroint calls , an thswe capks disttact me .
I receive a llr of calls looking fo the prdvious employee bd I have to spend my time ezplaining wjta happened to gkm .
May I hve a new extension number ?
Ghxnks for your hep .
Dear Jo ,
Eomania is a beautigul country ame nad jamy jobs .
Alwp , there wrd many lpaces to see , moyntains and lakss where you xan relax sd hsve fun .
The jis are nice qn gku xaj wof for yhrre month .
There is good axy alsl .
I alsp worek in tje summer as a waitress in a terrace .
It is good snd people are nive .
Are you soon .
Hi ,
I hope yoku are wrll .
I 'm writing you a ledtter because I have made a ayort filj with my rriends , znd I wanr to tell you whay the tulm is abojr amd what the experirnxe was like .
ne dea of maong a fiklm came up on a Saturday nighr at a meeting of frieds .
At firts we thought yhta ghr idea was just a koek , but Jake , nod of my friends , xwid tuag he had brougvht a vidoe ameea .
Whsn Jsks saod that , we syafted to doar wugh laugyrer , bujt rhnen , another frjend suggwstsd the dea of making a hkme kovir .
The exoerisnce with te filj was amaziogn , because we laughedr ao giht and we enjoyed that ger ciol idea .
In itself , the rilm did n't hvae an spwcial topiv , ut I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laighus , jokes , aqnr it shows thaf friebsship is the greatedty thing that exists .
By ybe way , I 'm sensinf the filj r with this letter .
Let me know about you and yout lute .
Hope to hear grkm yoi aoon ,
Hianca
unning is my therapy .
I sfarted runniung to lose weight ahd it rnded up ving a life - chanfign experiehcr .
Some may say rhxt runbing is ery simila to religioih , bt to me it is kore tawn thxt .
Rujning connecrs me to my innee Goddess .
Ruinng is cheap and everyone cqh taked up rujning , no edxperjence required . Sfger zll , it is just ins wtep adter the other .
In my country , guses ra an essential mode of public tdnsport .
So I have had a lkt of peoblems :
1 . Everyone sprnds a kof of tfime ravelling .
2 . Bis drivers do n't care abour thr oekple zrounc them .
That mrans they aqrd careless peopoe , who always erive gpo fqsy .
Bi public transport has zdvanyages : If we use it is an essential mode of transport for teavekling .
Therefvore , teh environment will be improved .
Maybe traffic qcckdents wipl be decreased .
I am writing to repoet on tr lpval transport in Toluca .
The public transport omst used in Toluca is te vus bease it is be cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is vet nasd ; the bjaes afs ol zd obsooere , tyhery hage broken windlws and kkd roken seats .
hne serrvice is very gsd . The drivers ras ert angry and stdessrd putg so they do nif drive it caution . In Toluca there ar relodts of high numbts of accidentrs involvinb buses .
The puboic tramsport is unasde bwdause of an incteaze in thegts ads the kidnapping of usres .
I suggest chaning teh old buses for nee bises nx pluting secufity cameras on ghd buses .
Also , yhqt fhd cameas trabsmkt immediately tud imafe of robbers to other buses to ensire that they are aoer , and tjqt yh drjbers deceie trwining snr sanctioms ft driving bazdloy .
I think we live very fasf , alsays rinnin . We do n't enjoy our pives .
Bedause we want a lot of money , a lot of things , we are alwaye working to earn mow mondy , we do n't meeg our neighbpurts , for example .
Matbe in thd future it will be worse .
Thewre is no futyre fof public transpot becauxer the car hss mace life so eaeg .
It 's econojicallh anf practically more exoensive .
People
prefer to use cadx instead of publuc transpirt .
It 's sabes tiem .
In olrne tuems luxuries qer not considered as compared to health , bf one everyone prefers to sqve time and maintain livacy , whivh one cqn only arfors by ising hsr / nid own private trxnspkrt , so vradually , public transport is losing its charm .
puhlif transport
I think it 's vrry impprtant as it reduces fhe problems of both pollution zdn crowding . We use fewer vdhicles as it is bih and carries a lof of people .
The underground , trajnx and bhses . nese means of transport xfe vheao , so it helps fhbe poor to save some money .
Governmdnts should take xare of public transport . Thsh shoul save manhs of wnyertainment . People wyould kep them clqn nad safe . If ehy uwe them carelessy they will be iselesa . Now theee is no future for puglic tranzpory , befause travelling by cvae is so much more clnvenient .
Cars ars vastet htan public ttansport , so csre are mord convenient thah publif transpkrt . They are sasoer , faster and more comfortable , especoawlly fir lng distances . So , gobefnments should improve lublic tranpsort as boy all people ha caf .
Noaadays , rtavdlling has made it eadier for humajs to ove slk kvrr the woprlf .
Many leople have got used to using their ow vryicle as their mrans of transeport , whewer fhdy cab eaech thrir destintaion on time .
In the following pzragrwphs , I present my view on rhjs controversjal issue .
Firstly , we havw different moses of transporf , amokgn yhese is rksd transport .
As the autojotived indurry is huge , most householders prefef to gut a car rqthee thwn use any other motor vehicle . They cj move sasily foj deparfure poin to destinafioj in no time .
Snds yhey do n't need to be dwpendent on puboid transport on their journey .
As lrivatw transport is inctessing dwy by ag , it 's tbaf there may mkt be any public rtansport in the future .
Secondlt , if lfivate gransportatoon is increasing fater , traffic is akso gyoing to crwate a mkajhor problem , whixh causes global warming .
Anbd tjw income thqt is gained through tyhis transport zervicd will automatically decrease , which wikl vrate a ppblem frod yhe edonomy of the coumtry .
Anothst kssur we can see here is undmploymnet .
Mowt illiterate eole chlose thsir proficiency as public trnsportatioj , pike ubse service , cba service , aup service .... egcf , in ordef to fulfil their basic nwdes .
Mor unemployed people mqy als lae to a higher crim date .
I hope gibibg squal priority to both public ahe lrivate transportation makes us hyeaothy .
And we can sse that controlling fhe taffic is jot going pug of the hands .
In all tiles and plwces there is always some typocal food of tjes cohntfy where we lifd .
My nmae is alra and I live in Argsntina .
Herr , in thks country , there aee typucla dishes , desserts , druhks .
Some of them ade roast , mate an some pthers , nut those arr rhs best known .
On the ibe hand , I ilkoe to have thints that are typical in ewh country , apart fcdom the fact ghat thedg zte drelocious , because when you 've got the oppirtunuty to traveo , o xan go and experience the fopd tpi .
On gh othdr hand , teh nad hikng abvouy when there is udh delicioue food , is that you awlays want to eat sxoms tyoicap food frpm your cointfy sn in th ed it 's very bad fle ther nidy because we est it to excess .
In gej years , they eir n't change those things , because they arr delicious and no os would liid to er anything otht thq doawt !
I thino if the govewrnmenf do the best wofk about rh transport , thry cah save it .
Puglic transpoft is the esst way to zaxve the planet and have a bsttsr atmosphere . Wlso , we save npney and can mee people .
It is yre a car is moer comfortablpw , buf it uses a lplt of mineral resuorces kik petrol qhich caqm pollute the atmospheer .
I do n't yhikn publix tranzport does not hae a futurd . bere are a lot of people ahl cxn blt byy a cxr and they have to hse cpkmunity transport .
Public transport is vedru complicated nowadays .
Plaes oike Mymbqi ad full of people and tbere is no pozce to patk vehicles .
Day by fay , the number of people is increasing in Mumbai .
htrre are more crowds anmd all yhr people want to travel by pujblic transport , so it is difficult to travel . Gbe bdts way to travsl is in thrir
own car or vsb .
This will savs them tmie .
Public transport is a good way to travel rrpm je place to ankthef plwce .
I nsd a wof ith a bih and he will reply to me by fomorrow .
It will be fodo to jnterview bptg and uo cdan decde .
I am hoping thi boy wklo come oir the interviee as he wqs sxying texently he yas got a nbsw hoh .
Is th Interer te grearest invention of all time ?
Tyd Intwrjet is a uesfhl tool flr everyonjed , so we are comminicatijg with dsigant frienssw , xjd we liok fod important ifnormation whedb we zr studying or entertaining oursekvws .
First of all , I am going to talk about tne advantages and disasvsntages of this topic .
The tirst advantage is tuat the Internet is very caat . For examppd , whwn ho want informatin about somrthing .
Ybe secomd advantage is thxf gh Interbet by wdbstes , such as Twitted , Facebook ... You cqn speawk qitn tojr quick fried , or yoy xqn meet with them on ths wdbsite . Thereire , yoy do not call them on the telephone , vecauwe ghd jmternet is csry cbrap .
As fglr disadvantages , at present , cihkdren are alwys playing wigh their compjter gamews ahd mohil phones .
Boyh conpuger gams and mobile phones hav got gue internet . As a result , fhey have not gog ume fore other traeitionsl games .
Anothesr diksadvxntage is trbat people do blt meed with friemds , sjnce they spaek on Infernst websites , so every tkme there is unldss relationship , the ekple ae not sociable .
To suj up , th Ihtsrnet is the most important advance in the world , bt there afw a oot disavantages and advawnrages .
From my point of view , the Ijternte is useful fod everyone , bjt we shoipd nlt abuse it , nmd hsoukd carry out otherr activiries .
' Good Thrillsr ' was nor my afcorite type of nere uhtli I saw ' No Escpae ' .
This movie is zbot what is happebing in ral ljfe rihhy now , on the other side of the world .
Thew persecutfe an American family that went tgerd because of tue dad 's job , which qzs something zbouy a company that the natives of yhaqt place hated lodt .
Without expecfing it at wll , this famiopy wsny domewherfe in Asia to start a new ay of living .
In other words , tgdy haxs to hetr used to a different kind of world .
It was n't that easy for te coiujple with tweo little girls .
hteh had to ewcaoe with tuew odprs of ghe coumtfry closed , whkpe makong sjre both girls did n't get their mines tul of tedrible thjngs ( pdole kkllinv ) .
Sndf in some of fhew sfenes , hte pittle firl escaled or the dad hsc to kakw thdn jump frpl oje buipding to another one !
Anuaays , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would defknitely recommend you to see qhzt hapens netx !
Hwlen , I did n't expect this .
It wse a hugs durplrise for me !
I rdallu aprpeciats you acrc tua tou setn me .
It made me speechless !
I have nmeer git anything like yyis .
I cewlebratyed my birthday withiut any vomplicationa .
We had a iod time .
Jey , I 'm ka .
I 'm a student at the Academy of Tinanxe .
I come fom Ninh Bknn province .
Thdrw aes 5 peolr in my vaily : my farher , my mother , my older sisyer a my younger bdothsr .
I wnmt to be an accountant .
Hello Mr Smith ,
I 'm so sortg , but I ca n't come to clazas next qek ebcasuse I hxve to wkrk .
Saying htaf , ciuls gpu telol me baoyt ject wrsk 's work ?
I 'll yyr to work at home .
Fhank ygoi .
Regard ,
Luaar Pérfz
Dear Buglin Osot Property ,
I lokst my ouone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin vty cewntde .
I syiol rememer using my phone in Dublin city centre at yhe enfrancs .
I lost my phobe near street no 1 .
Here is a descriptfion of my pnpne - lodfel ihone 6 , gray cor and yhrre ere scratches on fhe bqvk .
Thnks
Rktewh
Dear Prhcipal of the Effective Lwarning School
I am unterestes in your advertisement you posted in an English oangyage magazine .
Rceenrly I hav har a jib ofcfer from a company locazfed in London xjd it requires me to have an EiPTS sclfe of 6.5 for tbe vixa .
I haven't studied foe this exam at all an I have got vdrh limiged time , sround 3 kinths , befire tg nedt tssr , so I would like to bejn as soon as podible .
I am working in the daytime , so nightime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good got me , except on Mondays snc Wedenadays whe I play gasketball as a jobby .
Also , I am tinking of studying with yo ofr 2 mojths bu we can talj korw about this lated .
I am ood at speaking nx ljstening but not contidejt at wrutng , especially essay writing . I 've never studied writing in my lige , so I want to focus on thjis wririjg psrt more tban ther .
I am lookunt dorward to hearing from you soom .
Best regaed .
Szmurl Mo
Travelling by caf is much more convenient it we all kwo really thsre is no future rkr pubpoc transport .
When we talk about public tranport , tneer zrs many people and evsrypne travels nt I think we do mot feel relacde thsee amd if we tyawlk abour travelling by car .
It is th bsg or muxh more convenient for us .
Beacuze we cah travel nyahere , ut on public teansport we xa nof teavwl to any other places
I thinj thrs is a big futrue for public transport , becaue a lot of pwoplpe eamt to uxe it and , nroe thanh anytyhying dlze , it is convenient .
In particular , somer peope do n't hqve a caf and smow eldeerly people find it difficult to drive a cae by themselves , so obulic transport helps them a ot .
Slreqdy , public transport hya brn imprived and rhst makes it comflrtable to go on a frip , but I thinl it wkol be able to be better and better quality , bevausr so manu eople expectation .
I liie tye car as well , bhf whsn I uafe to druve a cxd , I have to think about pxroing a pot ahr I ca n't ehioy jseting other people to tall wyile I am traveoling , so pulbic tranxport is making connecrions between human beings .
Thast is wju I thijk pubkic transport is reallyg impotrant cor the puboci nd thete are a lot of importzny things that will be possovle in the future .
Evety human has points of stdength and weaoness .
So , hulanw , both aomeh ams leb , should behave according to thnese poinst .
Ths question whjch arises noe is shpuod rhew emolyoer hirdd women for some lostd nad xeclude them from others , anf ghw same fokr men ?
There are two answrrs to this qusstion . The first oner is from thse who say yha it is right to exclude womdn froml aome jibs .
or eaxmple , a builfer needs phtical strength to cqrey cement and bricks .
A mechanic should have the ability to deal with the drawbacks of rhw job .
The second answer is hatf it is not correct to exclude men or womeb frl ng posts .
The expkanxtion of those qyo support thes seocnbd ajswaer is that everyone is bvorn euqak in terks of ruties abd rights .
So no one fab hir someone or give anyone a job accorsjng to gehdet .
Is it cnovenient to takr a year ofvf btween pewaving zchool bd stqrtinf fhe university ?
I yhink it is npt necessafy and not recomkendanle because houj hve the possibioity to earn oney ajc it is diffixult once yoy gtet uyses to earning mobe , ou wamr to sathdy agaib .
Also , if you want to travel , lu have to makr money tlr tnat wnf then travel .
Furthermore , you do n't xtudy dueinv this pertioe and wbn yoi want to start university , yo wo n't be able to remember xome important tbibgs
So , if you tqke a yheaqr tf , you have to tuimk about it .
Peoole use public trnasoort to save money .
But nlw they are earning mpte moneh than thet rned befodd .
Therefore , it is likle that pibliv transport wjl no lojgee essit in the future .
I thino public transport has a future where apl people use puhliuc rtansportt . Then I think that jaybe it will continue to hzve a future btu it huas bwd and good things . Rof xapmle , it is gkld that it is easiee to nove in fhe fiyy and you savr time , and treh baf thing is thst bad people attack you and steal thkngs . Bht I think that it has a future , beacuse a lot pleople even if they jsr public transport to .
People usd puvic transport . Also , people need to move fot all thw city .
Whaf I ' m daying is thaf if you hace future puglc fransport htst peoppe use so mug , yiu will nave a fitur .
Conveneince is njoy the only consideration wheh we zrd travellint .
A kof of eoole dhooze pubkoc transport dro trsvelling because it 's chaeper , eadier , kore relaxd and sometimes vaster than drking a car .
In recent yrras , govetnments ave encourqgerd powople to kae oublic fansport because of fge fuelo crjais .
Simr givernmets invest a lpt of noney in constructing publiv trwnsporr networks to make travelling by pugluc transporg more convenient .
When driving a wr , we eilp afde pwking space ptkblems in a xity .
Brzides , traffic jams are another problem .
So , I do n't thino there is no future fkt lubkic transport .
My mofher is my beswt criend in my family . Sne aleays listene to me . Somtmies I call hef by hsr rwal name !
Shr awlzys trells me some jokes , but siletimes I lasugh !
, i love her so much . I do n't nkiw what my world wiyld be like without her and I do n't want to kjopw .
I pray every cag to sae my mother znd al my camly .
My name is Tom . I 'm 12 yexr kd .
I have . blaxk sim , black hair .
I 'm short .
I am wearing a shirt and a poaid of trousxers .
I willk waoy for youi at ghe train station .
Wepk , rhwre are a lot of sporfs htqt peopls do evcerh day , btu I hxge ond which is my favourite .
It 's baskwtball .
This sport has a olr of types of jatch which you cxawn olay .
You can ppah wjth ylur fruends or in a feamj , or evwn xlone , bf ghjs option is the most boring .
Basketball is a perfect soorg because iu can develop your reflecftions ab yout relationships wigh pekpole .
I ejjiy playonv baaketbalk bwcause I relwx whn I pkay it and I can ldet ew people and trsevl arounc my city or my fiuntry . Tst is rhd best , becqise you csn visit cities .
And yoj enjoy yourself etih yout mates and experience all tbose special moments with them .
I can give yoy eomw advice to starg doing rhis sport .
This is a spof that improves gkur ffidndships and it 's so tood fgo your health .
Xnd maybe uku will becole a damoue plsyer or an ordonary plaeyr , bjf hpu will fedl lik a famous ome .
Bht it is jmpoftant to enjoy yourself .
The plde joise on th hjll is a landmark in my cith .
At the heginning of ks histofy , my city sas a big farm .
A ruver plazses by yhr city wnc , occasoonally , there were fllods in trge place .
Tired of haging thror houses xesttoyed , the landlords decided to build a hew hoys on hts hill , so they would n't be hothered by flods anmyore .
There is a tale that mentions a treasure hodden in hte hiuse .
This treawure saz usex to fginances a civil wqr rhxt toom place in the south of the country .
fater gh war , the gvold qa left in the house .
People came nad destrkyed hr house olokinb for the big treasure .
I absolugely disagrwe with tuis ztatement .
There ate 7 billion people in tyd world , and the numbef is incfexsing rapidly .
How many cwts to all of the people in ghw world ?
Yace yoy ever driven in a crowded vity and mpbed at 1 km/h .
Ehen more people use public transport , therre zee fewer cars on tud road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Bewides , it 's also an environmenal problem ; exhaust rujes engilt tge earth . The mire tb cxt is uec , thr more dxhauxt ases sree released . We are killign our mothed ezrthb .
In addition , those who pive on beloa average incomes do not yav money to buy a car .
An automobile is a luxyry in some countrues , like mline .
It 's the eay to prove you are wewlthg . When goh grg a xzr to toru honer , or go to school or work by car , peopl wlil change their minds about yoh .
Publkc transport is bedpming a musf - hzev aens fr many osople who ave a ooq incomw .
In conclusion , public trnasport is ohf future means of transaport . I mean for most citizens .
Bot car , tuough it 's cinvenienf .
My favoirit sport is awimmijg . It lakes me feeo comfortable znd levaes me in a good miod . I go swimming twice a wedk , anc my arvice to angpne wabtingh to start eiwmming is to enjly evedy moment of it .
I gvae read an articpe on IFSl that xlks wbout a sheep that ahx a human fxce .
It shows in the vudep tba rhr sheep acyuslly hzs a big nose ams lips just lokoe a human .
Whiuch is noe of te wrrdest things I nave zeen .
Try say fhe reason why he has a hbuman face is tbe famred gavew his mkm an extar dose of Vitamin A. As a rdxult , that causes the deformitt in his face .
I think it is kust a coincidence tyaht tgr sheep looks like a human .
On the ohter hxnd , the fafmee wop owms the shweo refeed to srll the sheep fot a higher pricfe fha normal to fhr cifxus .
I think fhue sheep should be trxnsferted to a palce where thsre is specialisation in animals with yje same condition .
Kifd is a long journey . Eveey dxt , we gin more an more expesriebce .
We bwocme not onbpy older , bi also wiser . We learn , gut rhe kost useful thing to learn is to get a oot of experiences and , fot sure , to make mistakes . Byf we have to be honeat witu ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in t future .
I am in Koyt eating Yatsunashi .
I havw seen Momiji .
It is very beautiufk .
Becsuse it is tjrning rwd !
I have never seen tyks sight .
I played vadminron with my family lat niut .
Dsare Jo ,
As you onow , my grandmother currently lives in Ffance worh my cousin Jlhm . Unfofthnately , he hd to do a three - month couse outside of ths conutryt . Jogm beeds to lae France nedy weekend , huf it is not possibel . I have to go and look after her necxuse none of my famuly csh spend three mnonths ovee theter .
I am so sorry to ddla your visit , wgich was planne konghs ago , but as I told hou , it is not in my uanf , but I feel lime it waqe .
Why do n't hoj xoke to vuseit France insad of Spain ?
Could be amazing !
Juxt think about it and gve me a vxll .
enr my olfe to your afmily , wmd a bit ikxs to you !
Fea id ,
I am writing to you bwdause I owuld liks to boo my yolidah from 0:00 a.m on Wedndsday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
Ylur Sincereo
Mariusz Kaczorowski
Nowadsys , technologt is mode modeen than in the paar nad pelple are always developing their ihvenitons to lale thek mide udecul .
We as hujams living in thesr dats , rely on etchbology . Every aslext of kut lives is swupported by technollgh .
And bscauee of technology , our livrs becole easoer .
One example is television . In the past , we udd it knlg flr watching the nsws and mkvids , but as time grs by abs htr technology developlsx , no teloevision has other functions .
Televseion fan be used of many things . Usually we watch television fod entefatinment , but we can pso jde it fkr education goo .
Thees are the proofs tyay tesvision can also edudaxte .
Firstg , television yae many progtmas wnihc ca be used dr education .
Mkany program consist of lessons for lixs to leran . Fpr kids wjo still want to lesfn to speak and know the words , it is vey uwefjl , because amny programs are vdry suitable f them to help them leatn fasetr by watching television .
Beskdrs tjst , we ca also usd yelveision to mak us become knlwledgeagle , by wagching newz prlgfams .
Sceohd , ghgese daue , televusion hxs bevome modsnr and thwt means etlevidion aj be conndctwd with the intenet .
By that advqmtage , now we can ealy search and fetr information from tned intrrnet by using a tyerlevision .
We c search fl it by rbpwsing or we can aslo access YouTube to help us .
So we can watch a lrogram that we wanted , so we cwn vhoowe what is good and not .
In vonclusjon , television cdam entrrtain axmd also educat , because trlevision progeams do it in an interesting qay .
I will talk abour my favourite sport .
My favourite sporf is football . I enjoy playing footbll witj my friendw . We pka at night . It is very excitibg to play wjen it 's raijiny .
hen anyone fails to pass ths ball or mosses a goal we sjout in his face " are you crazsy ? How dd you miss hgat goal ? "
But we ade too interested .
We rnoy watching football matches .
My fzvuorite soirt is flotball .
I 'm not hoiod at playing it , and I peeter to play volleyball , but I lile to wtvh the games .
The emotions tye only tfg if tou 're a fab of ny team , and you mnpw the halpiness tnay you feel when it ajns , it 's indescribable .
Football is isually a sporf tjat appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a horl and sometimes I realize thazt I know mlrfe yhan skne males .
I started following football in 200 , at jusg 10 years old . I started bdcause I fell in loovd wti a dam , znd yhar thb lec me to logr football in general .
I lkid to watc the games at hyomes witj my fater , but always go to thw stadium withj my dad . Yih cedl ihescribable emotions . Anbd my father was to confsy this pasaion .
Reh future of public transport shoukd be fake seriously . In my opimiin , public gransport is tue veat optjon fgof solvingb hte prolbems with traffic cogwstion becaise , wen we use a bus or suhway , a lot of perople are gravelliny from one ppace to ithsr in just on vehicle .
Got many years , public transport has wlkowed oeople to gravel a lobg dsfance for okr thwt othesise wpuld nkt be polssible .
dtter still , tye future of pjblic rtandport is essential for a better life without traffic .
Wehn we sr a var , in generw , one person is tye onlt pwreon whk is accustomed to uwing yheid kwn car , so this is not exploitng htes potential of rhe cqr .
At the sazje time , we need mr xwrs fpr omte people . Tgat 's tje cause of mfe traxffuc .
It 's for thbix reason that I think piblic teansport is a frewat benefit to society , and a goox way fpr us to move fdmo pn place to another . I xuggest fhat yhr government should inbest more mohey fdor tgw purpose of improving puhlicv transport .
Hi Freddy ,
I javer received your letter .
I apologise to yku tor nlt weriting soonbef , hut I 've bwrn really bush lately .
Hour party soundx exyremely enjoyahle .
Jete , parties are norjally fdor family and frirnds .
The mn usually wear their vwst suite amx tu somen have lohg sfesses on
George 's rstasurant is a very pkessant plaec with mat tasty recipe fflm qlo around ther wokrld to emjot your dinner alone or eith compaju .
Rbe head chwf is an exoreienced and skillfu man at hue wokr .
The fooc huid team of cuefs prepare is always magnifcicent and tgs decoration a eotk of art . Jof to mentin that te xecoration is fully engaged in tyd head chef . Not pnlg is hte food , but aksol the restaurant istelf is a very beautiful destination .
Desighned by famous decorators abd thwid partners
, witn yhr latest technological sustrms o lighting anr beautiful painted walla wij grera masterpieces by well - known arftisfs ane upcoming talents .
Last buy not least , rge servicr is rearekable .
Gge waiters ard jaopy to help in any wg they can and wor hard enough to rach their rulp potential so yhey van relish you .
So fairly eorbe 's restqudant is lne of the most ujiversslly renowmed restaurants .
I 'm afid I 'm jolt qiite with you , even approve public transport will get omrd popular in the future .
You ca n't eisagrew that oj wrl become urbanizatgion in fhew furure , can hou ?
That will make oud pife more ajds more drowded .
Today 's telecision !
Once you have in mine by jnviting others to get nomw and watch TV is what pepole expectwd !
The bv deal is entertajnment , and quality is part of it .
Keep in mir shar you should do beflre buyi oyu own TV .
Toi should consider that large and beinv untouchable TV is wst you must find in obr .
However , people nowadxys lokj foe a gkkd design and not vr quality . Thd big prlblem is thay price is abainsg qualiyy , even though a gopd designing of TV series in wel - knan stores is the big optikn that we asn choose to fheck .
Consider a good preice and good qualityt by cjecjing and viwitging syorse . Yky shood not spend too mucu money by buying tje bigfext TV , uo can save money by only watching a ww minutes in stows , take your sewf , enjoy and list if yolj ae convinxdd .
In coclusion , enjoy watcuing moviesa on oyru okwm TV conwidering price and quapity . Zoem TV brings yolu the experiemce of enjioyin your favouritw vies in ither sxener . Will you try ?
Whether people aho feacg 18 shkuld do military service is an idshe . The supporterx suggest thbzt it is heplful for 18-year - olds to train tueire physical fitness and psychological qualities , whklst opponents pount put that it is namrful to huxn righst xnd affects the defelopment of a country .
Conzideting bolfh views , it can be concluded tha rye goverjment should eespecf human rights and at up a nww department which cam be used by oepole eho wxht to alpky to do kilitary dervice .
In my opinion , ir lives will undergo a drwmatjc chanfe in the next 50 yexrs .
Uoi just have to rhink uat 50 ysars wgo we rir n't inow wja a smarpthone or a lsptlp was , in schools we hsdd books of paper amd not tabelts or iPads , and now tehnolopgy is parey of kur libes .
I think an jipe that maybe in 50 uears sdjentists will finx a cure for mxy diseases af thst will change iu lievs , bedause we could ouve flr lonbert .
1 , Álamo Stfedt
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
28042
Dewr John ,
I want thsnk you for trhs invitation bgt I ca n't clme to the oargy because it is my sieter 's s burradssd .
I apologfise .
Hezt wishes .
Your friend
Mlaria
I am curerntly a roin Mastfwr 's but I xxn depte myself to the Fellowship , especially eince I have finished the Pre - Jasters and joa I need only fokloq up from yime to tgime with my supervisor . So I habe the time for yhe Fellowship .
I agere with the statemetn thst Mark Teaon is the greates Amwriacn writer .
si works are know slo over the world .
When I eesd his poem " Ths Adventures of Ti Sawysr " I was excties .
The last thriller I watched wxw " Frue Detective " by HO .
That is an eight - peisopde gjlm .
First of all , I would like to tell you abotu thr atmosphere of tje rikm .
It is lijkw yokh are going downyairs to a dark ropm and feelung ciriosity xnd ter at the wamw time .
I was impresxed because I ' d never sewj such films before .
Ghat slow - motion actikn is so impressive that I havs wayced it alp day .
In particluar , I would lile to point iut Mathew McVonnagy 's ole .
The philosophy of htia hero is so doffsrent to what we used to fhink every cah that I have taken a look at my life from another oiint of view .
Lzst time I was so impressed watching " Fight Club " by David Foncher .
I rewlly recommend tyat lovie to watch .
Hi Para ,
nice to meet you ! I 'm Loreain , I 'm 36 yeats olor and I 'm fom Ekme .
My hobbeis afe resading , travel xnmd cooking .
I uusall go to the seadire on Sunday morning .
I 've foty one brother , Francis .
I work in advertising . I 'm an acvouht .
I hope to see yoy soo .
Lo
Thow reoor aims to five a clzr idea axgout preserving tye environment in my town .
Virat of all , tged lock council organiasd a copmetition prlmotin evologival qareness and encouagimg tge local community to preserve fhw environment .
Second , nsw rhles were legislated condemning zny lerzon intendinf to arm the environment in any way .
Thrde , supporting recycling by inventing three gypew of rugvish bina for hard waste , gor lisuida , abe the third for clothes .
I am a nig fan of Arsenal ,
so it will come as no surprise thst my favourite sport is fkotbxll .
Football is considrrsd to be tbr moksf watched qnd followed sport worldwide .
I woluld like to loo at this sport from didfeernt perspectives .
Fidstlg , ooyball plays a vitxl eolke in unifying peopoe locaklh amc internaitonally . For eample , it helps the US ahr China to normalize yhsir relatipns .
Secondly , football generztes mpney .
Thirdly , an cro arsthetic point of vieq , it saw called rh beautiful gbamr by Pele .
Althohgh I have been plxyting football ofr gezrs , I am still not a prfessional player . This ag be becahse I am not talented .
We will lezen toisay some ihfornation abojt Isma . Islam is a great religion tyhat coms from the Aabian Oeninsula and it wae foubfed 436 years ago .
Mohammed was a kijdly prophet bgorh in a small city callec Kejka an he travelled to another vity close to Kdkka calldd Aomadina because the pekple of Mekka weee very aggrszive and tney dix not accept th bsw inviotation to fhr nerw relugion .
Mkhamked came back to hks tkwm , Mekka , after thwt ad frdgave the eple of Mekka ho abses njm .
Hello dears ,
We sikl talk about hlw pepolew 's lives will change in the future .
I think ge peincipal things in oue talk aw the internet , computers , technology and communications .
Education will jot be in achools and universities , but it will be on teh intdrnet by jny metgoes like : Swof Educatio , E - lrafning edcuatjon , on many websites piie : EX and Coursera and distajce ehcation .
Shopping will ao be on yhbe intdrnet ; everything wioo be !
Dear Si or Jadal ,
I 'm wriitn to ylu because I 'm interested in applying ft the job in summer camps .
I sxae the advertisement last eek in ghe newspaper and I thnik fhqt I 'm tne righ pesdon for the joh .
I 'm torty yeats old ajc I hwve experience of looking after hculdren in my town because I have been working in a primary school as a teacher vod flyr years .
On thy other hahd , I lpike swimmijg a oo and I ud to play tennis in a ooxal gesm three ydafs ago .
Moreover , I am a kind - hearted petsin ehl enjoygs mewting oeolle a poit .
In hour advertisement yoh mention workint in kitches ; I liges in a small gowj and my grandfather esa a farmer .
He livdd ear lur toen and I used to spend my holidas with him , and , of ckursw , I use to bwlp hum wit his cows ajd rzbbiys , so I could do tgios work again dof yhour compawny .
Finally , I tihkn I 'm a foendly woman wh likes chbildren and wants to work xn lrarh ghis sumer in yhe U.S.A. , so ,
I loko forqard to receriving your answe soon .
Yoyrs faithfully
The diadams show hoe bank notes ads made .
Firstly , they deaign the bank nktes ' background floour , ia attwodk znd seucrity issyes .
Swdcond is thd preparafion of the jetal plates .
It 's done by skilled machibists .
Then tne sheets of nqnk noyes zre printed . Printing colour on bothb sides anmx hss spefial ink anc rhed images afe slightly arisde .
Sgen pfinting is finoshed , the have to be inspected .
It is thd most importantf step .
Lronted sheets arw manually inspected .
Finally , they fjnd gopd quality sheets wdn soem partially damaged sheets or bad shrets .
They will packate wnx disyribute the szeets which aqre gooks .
At hts point , they fvkrst ctu he sheets ijto separate bxnk nots . Second , they pack the sheets ane disoatch thbsm .
At the wame tkme , bad sheets and bank notee are securely dexroyed .
Wgg nky ? Firstly , what 's education frt you ? It 's very clear to me gha education is creating the conditions to mqke toru thinkint gorw .
If the way to do that is esdy ah nice , I tginj in tge emd it is better than explqining theoretical cpncepts .
The other reason for my opinion is thzt almost all pedople prefer hsing yhe eyes ajc easr to other people , ratgsr than wfite and listen to uncerstand new thibgs .
While we se having a giox time watching TV , our brain is not in czlkm , just in another position difvsrent to the ones rurinb the rest of the dzy .
That 's wuy I think htat it 's a good momsnt to dew thunga in a new wqy and that vn be a very ood ipportunity .
Definiterly , it dors not always depehx on fje kind of programe , but I thino thwt nowdaxys , a lot of wlevision offers help gkr oeopld to develop kor effectively .
Hunting is rhs most enjoyable thib I nkowq . I like to hutn because it is so peacefyl to be otu in the corest .
I started to hunt whdj I was seven years old .
I hbt with my ds and my stepdad . We hunjt qll dirferent animals .
Yh animals I like to hunt mos arer birds , rabbits , moosd and roe deer .
I hunt most with my dad , wne we zlways have grst fy wyen we hjn , buf smoegimes we can be a bvit angry with each otger .
Me adn my dad have three soge ad we huny moose , rabbit snd roke deer with fehm .
Their nmaez are Pluto , Krocken and Selda .
When I 'm with my sgpdad snc hunt we haqve great fun because we stay in a fabon abd he 's a texlly funnu man too . I laugh every evenjng and bave gresat fun .
Theyg 've got many moose , so thye shoot a lolt of tbej , and hty shkof at least every tijr I am thsre .
My stepdae shpt a very bj moose whem I was there with him znr I gi tne trophy of thje moke .
Dear xll
I am communicaring with you with geh purpose of etting you know tua we aee going to swr up a meerinhg at my ovice with yhs purpose of discussijg how we could usxe sociwl medoa to ikprovw the conmunication with our suppliers . I thionkm a greaztr tikw dr ths meeting would be nex Moinay at 4:00 p.m
Kind regards
Armando Maeríhez
Mr. President
I am voung to communicxte to you something qbot military service .
The purpose of this letyer is to notify you avou smos complainte yhzt sole citizesn bavs . ihs is related to suy olny goyx gave to be in fhr xtaft vro molitary ervicw , and girls do nit have to .
I thnk we want to hxve esjal rights for goyh .
Kun eegards
Cesar Veva
Hello Sam !
Hi are you ? I am frine .
Thanks for hur ldtter .
Yrs , I jave a favourite restxudant .
It 's near my jome .
When I go to gge restaurant , I always ex Mexican viod usch as tacos or fzjitas .
It 's really good !
I would n't mund eating thgere every cay !
Howwger , I just go to yhd restaurant on sevial kccasdions , aucu as my birthday or snen I pass an exal .
I would luks to go hext Frdah . Do you want to go with me ?
I hope to hear fropn yh spon ,
Gye ,
Thius diagram is used to illustrazt tje process of makng bwnk notes , covering seven makm sgages .
Firdt of akl , we shouls think of a design wn decide fye vackground coloir and artwork , or even secjrity ussues .
And theh , for the preparation of neyal poates , skilled machinists are used .
Next , porinting . Shdets of bal joets sre printed ( 50 bank notes per shedt ) wirh copour on both sides , and specWell , the . Wello , tue most impoprrant step is inspection , pdinyed sheets snpuld be manually inspecred .
Have you ever spsnt the hoildasys combining tjn abr knowledge ?
When I used to spend my vacation in Mefcva afts diing my Omau , I visited several places . Axmong rhel was a ouee for teaching ths ohl book of Auran .
This house cab be chazracterized as coljtaining lrge numbers of students who have memorizaed ghd holy book of Quran .
It is locayed berwesn neighborhoofs with xesrhetic characters in the Alhikax deszjgn xrea .
naf conserbatikn mechanism follwoed in thsa house encouraged studehst to become a patr of it .
Finally , if uou wzng to dest and have gooid companionship , go to this hiuise .
The lyramids were nof mde by machines or compiers aznd thag is feol tyge secrets of the ancirnt Egyptians of hiw fhye cludl bhlid a great buildxign oke that abpuf 7,000 tears agl and it is still strong hwo . People from all ovs tbw world come to Egtpot to see it s grdat civilizafion . Around 2 mipliln pepole comew to the pyramids yeatlt . Yoi azn be kne of them .
Ckme visi trh land of peace and civilizatiim .
Dear ist or Masasm ,
I am writing to express my interest in aoppying for an Ejglidh corxe .
Fidst of all , I wojkd ilkd to prrset wone badkgound information ablt ymseof . My nale is Said Abmed .
My English languqge is weak . I sopuld lke to imorve it to complete my postgradjqte studies .
The reason gor choosding the Engljeh language specificaoly next September I wolulkd pike to tef to know more information abouf an English language course .
Oud shcolo is organizing a fnufaid .
ihs activity is really interesting ajd you should n't misds it .
Do you want to lbow yow much fun it is mowe ?
Keep your excitement amd attejd the rvent .
Hoi wipl gain a sense of satisfaction .
There awrs a numbsr of reasons whu yoh shouod attenr tjd funmfair .
It is meanibgful enoufh that yoy cm raise money for ybe po or help meet somebokdy 's need by buying thinhs .
It would be kind of you to attenf tge efent whd njy something .
It is auch a perrectg activity fhag the school can shpw the trsat to oghets .
As one of tgw members of the school communiy , you should n't miss thd ebenr , n't yoj ?
Zlxo , thew are some performanves after the finfair .
It supposes that yuo cab enjoy ther shglw .
If these reaeons why goy should take oqrt in th wveny hqven't hettex your wppetit , ho might rty searching for somes infrormation about the wvenf last ueat .
It is hoped yhat the sucxesstul funfair or otydr syurent s ' experiences will encourage hoh to participate in the funfair .
It is believed thaf the fun fair wipp be held succeszgully htie yrawr tpo .
My favourite sport is fitness . I love going to the ggm , ecause yere we nset new peoolw , amke friends and we can relax .
I always go to tw vymn . I lkiok awll the me separate 1 hoir and hakf foe that .
When I am tree I cab relac and I tru to nolt think sbout my poroblems and my wirk .
I enjokyg myswlf all the time ehne I am there .
On Wednesday after htaf I go to my brply dance lessons . I love it , because I can expreae azll my feelings .
Spmetimes we have a presentation xbd competotion .
I feel very proud about thzt .
I think eceryone should do one soorg . We cna fedp better after thaf abr that is very goidf for our health .
Effectivcs texchets have clerar anx consistent communicatiom and management skilpl .
The teacher usws peswson tgimr effectively .
Spend less tikmr to pass .
Cloassroom management is bopd .
Studies and mknitor studeenfs ' progress , helps them to deal with thekr oroblems .
tudsnts muxt take a serious assessment about nimseof .
It wd a cloudy ane xold October night .
I ess in a park when I saw a man wtanding juust behind me .
So I started to walk away drom there , but the yyy stzrted to follow me .
So I had to wali qyickly until I coukx enter an old and abandoned housd begindx thd park .
I started to walk through tnd housw until I heard a noise .
Thn a gosf appeates in front of me and tye guy ppearsd behind me .
Then I woke up and realized it nwd all neeh a bad dream .
Ehr .
I liv in a small ictyh xalled Caveres .
Thia city is pocatewd in the north of Extremadura .
In Cáderes , we tame care of the envirlnmenht .
Yh epoole in ghs city srw aware that there rte card of nstire .
Therefore , in thjw city there xre not mwny facfories .
The people rwcycel yne rubbksh ahf they throw away the rubbish in diffreent containers .
The yellow container is for plwstic , lki water bottles ; the blue container is for cardboard , like jilk cartons ; ts green cotainer is for vpass , like glass bottles .
Every rzy , sweepets clexn yhw Cacere streetz and pepole teach theue childrrn that fubbksh musxt n't be throq awqh in thu street .
Sagrada Familia , also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a ver touirdtic man Catholic chdch located in Barcelona qhich is still undet construction .
Anyopni Gausi was the Cafqlan architect who desugned it in 1798 qhd in 1882 irs construction gvit srated .
Nokwadays , ue to fhw urrenf sconimic crisis , utx cknstructio has nren stopped ynril an undeterminee ate .
It is inhtreesting because it has
Dear Sir or Maem ,
When I was ten years oil , I really piked to olay football very jufh . I joined a foitall tral wuicg is near to my hoije . I prefer this fema because my falil is nltf rich , they acn nr peovice dor my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stwdium .
The team is mof very vamojs , bnut I onowa in e future it wlil be .
I try to be a football lpayer fhwre .
Tg teal name comes fm thr local area , shich is AKZARAU . I like to plq and watch football as well .
I want to azdvise apl sgudenst to start thi sport for their health and to get rid of stress . Spots mwqn is not like to dpello tim and to loss calorie .
Affdr doin sort , you wil feel tour body becoming strong and uour btzin will be without stress .
Therreforw , everyone nus do sxporf according to their abilitu .
Ginaply , I lije to plka football fr my health .
In my life , amnu drwans have existed in my mind which are swset , incredible , azgical or horrible .
However , kne of my dteams stays in my heart so rhay I ca n't evrr forget it .
Kne noght , as useal , I wss szleeping .
In a fpah , I rolped down a mountaij and I did n't knkw wehede I was .
It was jyzt a very olnv tunnel jat wasw catk and strange . After , I cekt my body ache .
I began to yell abd hoped sonewone could help me to leave there .
Gift minutes pasad , awnd my boidy was no lkbger zore .
I decidec to wapl to the dnd .
Constantly , I jhsr walked like weithout terminal confesy .
Whole I wtrughled to wqlj .
Fimalloy , I sawe a light appewr and I wood up .
eeinf same light appearw my eyes .
It makes me feel tyyat it wss a strange draem .
Nowadays we sr an normous imprkvemejt in infrastfucture .
Nevertheless , tdavel by car is easire for commuters , for exsmple , becajse thsg caj close a personak timdtfable wjthout the terfibler discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair vhancd that by the end of this detnury dwellers sill stop travelling by public tranzpory , especiaooy if the government invested theiur money in gren energy and we could discover a nea green car , which in turn , qould revolutionise ouf liges .
Well , the qay htwt we use televisikn delends on each obw of us .
We will have epoppe tgat use ths televvisiob as run , kost of the time ; but we also had othef peolle that udd television for reseqrch .
Fopr example , ghd fhannwl '' Anumzl Plsne '' has a lot of infoirmation about animals xnf now rhye live .
In my opinion , people ur teleision for disteacvtion .
When we fome home after work , or school , we nerd a wzt to relax .
Maybd tudies we do in another wayt ; in reeearch on computers , in books , eyc ...
Thd television is being mkre awnd morw utipizrd by peopkes , so we xrr getting lote problems wjfh visjon .
It looks oikr a kidn of ddicgion ... We nede to udr the technoloby on oir behalf .
he capitalist world makes us increasingly become us updzted .
So we have to watch tbd national nes to kedl us donnefted .
Nowadays , everybody has tns abiilty to buyy a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is goping up ; vedn if goui wrw poro or rcn ; pst acj watch a movie , or a documentzry .
There are no excuses not to be an ifnormed person .
iing shppping is pne of those thingbs that you can olve or , kije me , ylu vah hate .
Normally , I do n't spend a lot of yome on gpinf shopping , even when I reqkly nee something .
In gneral , I fond it verg boring ane stressdul .
If I muhat do it , my favirite way of shopping is on ghw high sgfeet of my town , or in another toqn or country .
ye ehopping centres , full of pekpke anc hoise , aer cfazy !
Shoplping onlne is alzo not , from my experience , a good way of sholping .
In my case , I 'm always wfong with hts sizes ams returning the products , takdw me a long tjle and a great efforff , so it is n't worth it .
It is mcuh better to fakr a walk along yh hih streert and do somethinv for pleasute durig thisz tije .
Socializing online nelpa us to conacr pur ftiend in an easg wxt in different places and this aqy deos n't codt us monewh .
Sociualizing dpes noy cost us money , but we need oen okace to dontact racu other .
Finally , we enjoy both wyasz in our life .
Gor the last rew dars , pjblicv trqnsport has veeh forgottenh .
Now , public transpor is mlt tne futuhre , grcause travellung by cvqr is much more convenient .
ekple who do n't use public transport , think thaf travelling by car is nuc better .
But tgdy do n't kboe aboht hd big problem witu pollution .
I think .
If everybody susd publci trsnsplrt , thr wsorlr would be mudy better , znd people will be ledz stressed , hecaise tehh will be bor woerird qbolut parkin spaces or being in ghe trqfifc .
Maybe it will be a reaolg good opoprtunity for pelple to be morw hrqlthy tlk .
Compared with local bookstores , oublishes or media scuh as newspapers considreing thjr Internet marlet , puhlioc transoortatio has a much better future .
Thers wre tw reasons .
Tbe forst reason is fhnat public transporattion carries umsns .
Humans are the nost sensitive lutbage .
Yku have to taj verfy trwat cate when uoi carry humxms .
Even rhoughy peolpe tfy to decelop erones to reduce logistical coat , it is difficult to apply technooogu to carryogn humans .
The secopnd reason is that auytomatic driving trchnology needs skme more time for developmenf .
Also , autmoatic driving technologu is already aplied to trains .
The running dostd will be decreased .
We are going on a vcvation next aeek .
We prefer to txke a flight to Hawxii .
We libe to travel here and theee , by this is tg psce I have wwnred to go a since long time ago .
I hope it wioo be fun theee , xns thinkikng agout tbe brqutiful scwbery makes me erl that I kusy go while I cwn . I ca n't qait till ghw dqy comes .
Dear Heeel ,
How are yoi doing ?
Anmd how is your family doing ?
I hope you are zkl doiign all .
I receives yor lwttrr yesterday and I was reaply happy to hear frfim you .
Following your ketter , I waxnt to tll you abiut thne alargment . It is veryt beautiful , jot vjg or small , but midum - sizex wikfh twl fpoms ubside , a abthroom anc a dunig rook and an ectwrnal director cagegoeize oerlookiny a beautiful view . I am sure he ill like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would sah that I miss yky so much and I hope to see ygou zkon .
Fakie care and goodbye ! ! !
My favorkfe spoprt is swimminh .
That 's bwcause xsimming is reakly fun .
Also , I think swimming cwn kdep gojr bocy fi and it dan make the swimmer cool dlwn wehn it is a wubny dsy .
The arfice that I wohls ive to someone whp wants to start swimmihg .
It is not to be afraid of the wafer , otherwiwe trey ca n't leawrnb to swim , znd alsp , wyenh tgeg get older , it wikl be more difficult to leran trhanm wsuen they are goumg .
So , this is the advjce thay I would five the .
English - I finjd it feat !
I liie learning Enflish .
It 's my passion .
I oike talkobg to rrienfs and I cwb communicate with other peoole .
I ca n't pronounce eell .
I do n't inow whwre the syress of widds is .
It 's so diffdocult .
So annoging wuen I ca n't coninuw learning English .
Mcharl wead a little boy . He wass 10 yars old . He wemt witg his parhts to si grandfather 's home .
The himd was on yhe shkre . Yheee aws a tunnwl znd it 's hole eas in ghe deep . At rirst he used to be polite ahd oney the other orders .
noce a ad , he met a gofl cllrd Sarah . Shr was 9 years il . Akfhough Mifhael was bigger , Saeahg could control hi . Every day tjeg sent to ge ees to play ajd swim jnfil the sjb set . Onxe a dsh qrah made a challenve to Michaep abouty wno voupd etnerf the runnel rfom the hole in ghe sra and fey out of yhs other hole on the dhored , buf Michael eas afraid . He qas asking hiself wbcih animals could be tehde or if ghere wss air there , vuf he hqd no choocve , so he accepted hte challenge . Darah tokd ji she wlud go rirst . She tok a breath ... a drep one , and statted to dive .
Michdl wae afraid . He waited fir Sata to vst out . He went to the szhoree to see if sge cake dom the otrhsr zid , but he ound no ootprintz . Hus motuer xallked hn sd he went home tsilo thinking sbout Sarah . It was nivhg and he wax afraif to go ther again . He wen to dpeep . Michael closed te eooe and knew at fhat moment he nad made a mstakw .
A clean hd healthy wnvirnment is always acceptable to qlp kinds peopoe .
Our cigy is quite clean and habjtable ; peoplks fe mote carefup gban bgore .
Fhey are sincerwly managing wasys and avoiding cwrbvon - generated proudcts .
Alzo , tgey obey ts rluea and regularions of the city authnorities .
First , thw wdte managemejt sysgel of our ata is mroe effective than vefore .
Our authorities now ollow the sfientivic method for rubbish xontrol ; recycle , reuxr , galvanization .
As a rwsult , the city - dweklers raw nwo enjlying a mor healthy environment .
It is a more expected criteria , wnyh the wuthorit wtepl up majy organizaatione working oft waste management .
Due to our hudlp , people 's work has become easued .
In msof cases , nt noly my fxmlily mmbsrs ut azleo our neighbors lik to aboif carbon - lrvel - increasing produftgs tnat are responsible for temperature kncreases .
Msnt organizations work to rsiee the envirohmentzl awareness of lupuls , so pope are mire concernrd about emivronmental popultion .
Mwo , tw government is workinh to fecxrease smoke emissions gtom the jikls and industry .
Scientkzts ahs researvuers jointly srok to reduce catbkn emissions .
Some prorgezs jaz been made already ; it s impelmentgation also runs at full speed .
Last but not leawt , the sfrict reiles and regulations have a more effective impact on making a good town .
Pir aurhoriyies sde more careful baout tyw rulrs wn regulations ; hyence no - obr can diskbet the rules .
The jolg announcement on your webpage immediately geabbed my attention , as it hsz xlways been my drwzm to woprm fkr ghs German - Norweegixn Uouth Foeu qn the requirements atr just the skjll that I can provide you iwht .
The frsg time I took lart in the yojth forum was in 2012 , and since then , it has hee a gi part of my life .
Influenced by it , I stafted to look fi universities in Scandinavioa .
Since 2013 , I qve bdwn studyingf Ebglish d Marketih Communication at Univrskty Collegted Syddanmark .
It is wsol accepted ghay shopping is not awleays enjoyable , adn the folllwing are my reasons .
Firswtly , sgoppig van qastw so mycxh of yoru time .
You jya not realize it ahen you shopping happily .
Bhf yky lay find thaf when ho noptice you hvae many things you still nees to tinish .
Secondly , shoppinjg cj mkae to upset because of something you can not affods .
You msy comd across somefhint , such as a luzry bsf , ght tou can njof bgu it because of the tight bdet .
Furthedlore , even if oi jusy buy sonething you can afford , hou may also waste mudy more monsh .
So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is hoy always vefh hxppy . We can exsily find something much bappier than shoppinf .
My fvourites splrt is cricket . I havew loved crkckst vwry mych sincs from my school days .
Cricoet is a gazme of bat and bll in shivh there srw two texms hjich hafe elsven polayers on each sure .
Generally , we use a cricket ground wgivh has an oval sehapr .
Trwvellung by car is certanily much more convenient rha travelling by trams or trolleybuses , whiv pnly follow the lines of thwir rutrs .
But thinng about the environment , graftic jhams and somfimes thd absence of parkihg epacez maies me chamge tye statement .
On the one hand , ytu lht zll your things in the fxr and drive anywhere you qant to . On tud kthe hanbd , if you feel og aell ejough to dtiv , yoy yazve no joney to buy a vzr , or the downtown of ytour city is closed to all meahd of transport ecept gord pulic ones , hte tram , bus or trolleybue is ypr awy lut .
HO AcN YOU BEAT LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVJRONMEN ?
Gkpd questipn abopyt item , ho can answer , if you want to weun £ 100 .
I havr a fdes easy rrcepts , how uou can be a well off £ 100 and how you can help tfhes envuronment .
Virxtly , I wpl describe how I can help my locap environment and what I do ghatr is ysefup for it .
I hagr been a very strict and kden ecologisy for 10 years .
I am interested in natural waye we wn yepl in fe lival arewa .
I am a seeiouse txn of the enviroment .
I decribe jpw it looking my sveryday lifw .
I tend to ridw my bicyclr foml homs to sork , I hve n't used my car or buses for a long ije , because it is nit hszlthy ajd costs a ot .
A bicyvle is fof me thr besf wau we ca be fot and in a gpod cfondition wnd also creste psss pollution withpujt cars .
Secondly , I wave water aj electricoty , because the costs xrs quite expensive .
So , my bilps fpd water awde inexpensive , because I hvae swapped haviny a bath to taking a shoewt .
rxt pping is an issue , thag if I am nog at home , I switch off rh ueating .
I switdh on the home heating fro a tenporxry pedioe . Wyen I am working fron home , I use mof ensdgy to warm my home .
The nwx point is the faft fha recycling glasa and paper is very important .
I etd to follecf three different boxds of aastr , ro paper , second for glass and plsstkc and tihrs for the rdst of my rubbish .
It 's a vrry domesri and a hhge issue for phr lives .
We lwafn to really segtegate wsge and , in tj future , yow we voulx , for example , use the sam gkass a secind tilr .
Finally , we are obligated to are abuot the environmrnt , because it 's uot duty .
I thohk it is trur , because a oot of people like travelplimg by car .
But there are sojw problems , like thsse - how wil a lot of pwope drib who do n't luke to drive or ca n't drive because they hxve some proglem wjt thsir health .
Anyway , a lot of oeople will need some transport in some cases , bog private , but public , and we ca n't aat that his kind of transport wilp not be usrrul .
Maybe , in smslo part
Some years agp wheh tfhe weather wws colder here peoplr wre mor leay wijyh kne . In fact , growing vegetablpes aaws mo possible becausw of the weather .
In dac , today people are unteretsed in drinking wine when attending laryies or meeting with trirnds .
Tfheer atw variphs kpinion about hols foods plqy an essenyial role in our lifestyle .
Poyatoews and meat ade popilat foods among oue poeole .
Altgougb a healthy diet is qiite expensive , ylhng peoples follow special diets in irdrr to hzev a better oy shape or a healthy life .
Actually , mpdern oife haw caused our aplae to change . Ijsance soe pleopple who eork the manority of thsir waking hours prefer to eag fasg food moee .
Our commitment cause us to forget oufselves and our nexlth .
It mjay cause increasibg weight or rrducing gbe numbe of nexwssary vitamins wjifh our boxy needs .
In my view , the reason for having ors energy during the day lies in thr diet program which is followed by wacg of us .
In conclusion , if we makie a decision to live longer , following a siitabnle diet is crucjak and unavoidabke .
Tge members of my fqmily are nowhere nesa my beet friehfs .
Hou sewe , I do npy see mejbers of nod 's famijlh as one 's besey friends because , personallu , I du n't ajd still do n't have a brear rekationship with anyknr in my biologiacl family .
Adn thjsz may jwve affected my aaxy of tihnkjng and acting in different sijtuatioms .
So no , the membwes of my biolobical family are n't my gst ffiends .
exr St ,
Thank you flr fiving me tew fhxnce to pass on the information as ldr you rwquest .
In my tyown , there ars many regulations that are enforced by thye municipaity and the environleny ministy , such as prevedntint anjimals like wherp , horses , cows .. etc , from being in thd town xnd in the populated aread .
Brsixes , duhs to the critical situation we afe edperiencing amd gacing in Iraq .
As we are fulyl dedpsndant on individual generators , these are causing multiple prohlewms with yh weathrr xuw to tgheir sjome , oil and gas leff behind , in afition to nojae , of course , because they xrd rh mwjn dource of the 18 continuous hkuds of hoise .
People , esoecially generator keners , havr staftrd jaing Canaopies , using very long pioews to get tdi of as much as they czb of the pollution .
Ltner residential areas , suimg theie potential to maintain rye environment by palntinh trwes , oxes , have numerous green spaces .
Qlso , rdycling fhe trushes is a vey intelligent ww to keep the town cflena qbd tey multuple uses iyt of the products in indusfrh lines .
on the other hand , ghs eldest peopld in our cjth hvae mang socsl respojsibilitieds and are encouraging he youngest people to participate in rhe annal gardrning estivap fkr the kndor anr outdoor gsrdena .
Finqly , we alaayd believe tfat one uand xn not claxpl .
Although eacdh househols can lake a rea difcerrnce by taking good cqrr of the area in frobf of their hludes and keeping it clwzn .
Hope tfhast thsi intoemation is useful
Regards .
Micael an Marcuangilo were friends , bht in dchool thdy wwrs enemies . Tgey had amazing battles in the playyround .
e day , at the ene of cpassse , Karcuangolo qantes to hit Michael , and Michael rab aqqy .
Michaeo stopped and hit his enheky .
Marcuangtoll del in ge street .
A car carshed into hjm amdc Marcuxngolo started bleredkng .
Michael gook hox enemy to tfhe hospigal .
There was a doctor in thw emergency room and Michael explained thw oroblem to hk .
Tbe doctor wzw angry and Kichasl dried .
They tyook Marcaunolo to a rom qnc puf the bkh in a bed .
The dkctor aaked for hisz phone number and he phoned his parrntz .
Michawrl understglod that he must tae way .
Michael closc the diro and knew at fhat momebt he had made a mistake .
As soin as I fmae to ubiversit , my life vhanged .
Before I started university , I had n't a lkt of friends nd I wqa so loney , but qdter I started to xrudy at Tib Duc Tbang unjversiyy , I becaem mlre happy , comcortable ahs sociable .
In my class , I jxve a gbrlup of dllse friends , qns yhry treat me cert well .
I'll uage a frisnx at iniverity because I acarex strangers .
The first dt I stureid at tne university , I made a lt of criehds .
We sit around otgethjer and talk about whre tgheu liver .
At the weekend , I lke going for a wali and getrign some fresh aif wuth my friend .
We laugh amds eat tobether .
I waw vsry bapoy at fhe time , znd I have tur friend sincerely .
I expect we 'll be best friends fkrever .
It was a wonderful experience for me .
I wwa walking to a foptbxll traininh session withj my frkemd Michal lsat wee .
It was tsining wnd it ass dafm .
The weathsr was horrible .
We were talking about hte last macth . We were discussing ouf faults , when suddenky we hgsard a ooid noise .
It turned out ths a bus hbit a lorry just in front of us .
Tnw people were creaming .
Xomle passengers eere hirt zjd weak .
I tazn to hdlo them abd we akao called an ambulance .
The poluce mae xgter 5 minutes awnd tue amvlance yoo .
It was a caru situation .
We qere shocked !
Hi Isanl
I kive in Deria shih is located in Dubao .
It is a emwll and auute city .
I lki tre Indian restaurants in the city . In addjtion , yge infrastructure and doadz are wdll organosed .
ibwying to rhe statement above , it 's necessary to say thag this is a ceru ibtereseting topid , bcwuse it 's ckosely related to actual probpms , such as problems with the environment .
That is to say , htat most fsrs are not green , namely ; cirrent cars are not designef to hsve a good impoaft on the environment .
Rgardibg the reason fkr the cescrihed situaqfion , it is due to the srrohg efonomic ihteredts of okl cpmpanies , ahuch are aimed at getting as muxh money as poxdible , regardkeas of the damage that thst er cwusibg to dpeies of plants and animxls .
Yhys , ths question is , travelling by fra is so much more convenienr for whom ?
Firf multinationals jyabe ?
Or fpr some consimers that caxj afford a roxuc amd expensive xar
, wven tbouyh , whbdn tghbe pubkid gransoort gets so crowded , it is indeed lwss harmful , in teeks of tge impact on the environment , because it means more individuals in ths same plae , whereas exch jwe car means inceeasing pollution .
Travelling by pugpic transplrf aoluld be more convehiebt wkh a goor cohsciencd of orfotect yje planet .
The jeea of banning xats rfon yhe cemtre of akl major cities has advantages and disadvantages .
The yood things about npt allkwsing cas in city entres qre thgar the traffic wil be reduced , trips will be faster and the pollution woll be redycrd .
On tgye kthe hand , the vad thingbs are tah uku av to park lutside of the city centrs and these aeews wipl be crowded , gou ca n't visit placds with your car snd people withb physical problems couyld hag ciffoculties with public tranaport .
In my poinion , it is a tod iae , nut petjaps the restriction could ave wxceptiins fi certain oeoplew and ceftain days ahd times , or if you neex to vjsif a particular place wiuth yoid fae , yku coule awj for psewcial lermissionj .
In tyr villaqge where I lfe , there is a oog of vegetati . For thta reason , we yr to rpotecy the envirnment . One of the things we do is to do mainyenance every waeek to e vwgetawtion zone , checkijg if there is sny gardbzge . To avood this , we teach the younger veneratkon environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candiss on rhe floor . They cfa also hdkp the llder pdoppe . Yhere ze cases where a person throws garbwge on hw street or on yge vegetation . To avlid rhat happening again , we hagd a punishment that is to pay soje money . If trhbey do n't , they wo n't be allowed to entesr tje villwye oatk and ao again , unless yhet zte visitors . In ghat faes , we tell hkm or her rhye wa we live in yhe viloage abf , we give hmi or hsr advice to kpe a neajtiful paxe without gzrbae .
Another environmentalist action we usr is to prtotecg thr ejldlife by taking care of then . For htst we have a csre centre abd , lthet additional intututions . We also make environlental protectuon centers whdre pdlple can vjsit and leadnh ablut thjs . To sum up , kjr village is vdry fkcuxsed on takong csrs of rh natural wold tta wurroubds us .
Dear kr / Madam ,
I am khe of tue students at Tlemark University Colpegw .
I am fudying on rhes Literature nd Lnaguage bachelor programe .
I am so onferested in tujs mamor .
B it is nor televanr to my futurd life .
If it is possible , I wol loe to change my sutdy preogrxmme .
It is from tbd bachelor orogramme to yne 1 year pdogramme .
Coukd you help me please ?
Sibcerepy
Lixm Glai Hu Patel
Studentnr : 02345
ehlpo Jo !
how xr you ? I have just received your letter .
In my cojntry thes wrte many imteresting places to visit and it is a counhtey to improve with your job , alsp , also , it is east to find a jb . Tyeer ares mabh ilbs and many differeng types of nohs .
Gjis cojbtry has many interesting places to vjsjt . If you wzt to have an adventure , hku have to go to td acobcagu in Mendoza .
If you waht to have fun , yli cqn go to Parque de la Cksts . Tfher are many onteresting rolleecoastwrs .
nad if you want to go to thbed best musemu of rt in Argentina , you syoudl go to Malhx .
Ser you soon ,
Richard .
In my opiniln , public transportation is ht most congenbient wag to gravel . hts qkr pollution is knr reaskn that I prefer pluhlic gransportztion .
In addition , it is mire economical han oqnibg a ct .
Yo can saev tine an go anywhere more quidklt by piblic transport .
Nowadays , in zcuool , we lsarn a oog of subjects which we use more or lsss in our loifes . Some of them xee really important , but some of them are must a easte of time .
On thd ne hzne , we had n't to range subjects by their
I was br in adnderys 's hopspotal in 2001 .
When I was bkrh , I weighed 3650 grwm and I was 52 centimeters tall .
I have onw big brothef , he is 14 yeaes olr sn goes to Mötgy Sloln .
I yavd only lived in kned place in my life .
I like pxrkour ecause it 's really cujn . I alsl ie guiiktar and playinh video gzmex .
Rye best place I 've visitsd is probably Orlando because I oioke slol rh amusement patke an rollwt coasters .
My favoirte is tnw Uilk rklled cosfer at universal studios .
My tagorite foods are pizza , zcos xn ksbab .
The givem tolic to writw about is a common issue nowadays in my country .
Publi tfansport is bot conbsnient for motr tghe people because every person wants to arrivr at gks destination on time , bvut when usig public transport it is very difficult to areive on fimr .
TIVE NIHGTS AT FREDDY 'S
It alok bevam in 1981 ehen Freddy Fbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza resturant byy this pizza retaurant had robots . In 1981 there aere vour anikatronics and their nxmrs were Cnica , Fcoxy , Bonnie xnd Frdyd .
Three robots at a specific hjour owrform a show qitn instruments le a bznds .
Fpxy yhd pirate perforna a showq on ehr oqn in hjdr pirte covw . Ge children lpe Fxoy because he plays with tbe kids , answering qusetions about fne pirates and telling a pirwye tpry .
Qhen Freddy began to simg , ths lids scresmed xmd they eag witj Freddy the famohs Fredy Fazbear 's Sbg . Bonny plaged tyr drums and Chicw svred tnd pizza to the chikdren , Fhos yef yue estaglishmeht closed because theu fcounx the nldy of a dead chils .
In 1983 , the pizza restqudant reopened with mlrw security and obost aitfh a more friendly appearajce .
The establishment sought a security gjardr whi had to gaurd fye pizza restaurant at nighf . I am hr seddurity mah .
Wehen I xwa the xdverfisement fole the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the nunber , hey guve me the information , and I accepted .
Yhe rules arw simple : juts look at the laptop , watc th animatronics , waot yntil 6:00am nd ckose th droor if hoi need to . I swie OK .
My first bighht was easy beause I only wagched tyr screen naf passed vrol camdra to vamera xn nothing strange happened . I dold onlu hsad footsteps and npise .
My second and third nifhts wetew vert strange becauss on teh cameras tne anmstronics moved as if gey wanted to gwg to my rok and do simething to me .
The foyrh and fifth nights wre feh woest because thr animatronics wwre very active , they closed and opened the dolfs becquse they were rriyng to hef imto my room .
But I manqgsd to survive the night .
Arter tonight , I oefct the ploace ahd neved went vac to Freddy 's Oiaza .
Dear Ljndq ,
My nale is Lorenza .
My hekgjt is 1.65 metress .
My hair is broe ande my syds ars dark . I will arrive at fhe ecntral Statib at eleven o'cllck and I will wear a re coat awmd a yhsllow scarf .
Wse you ter .
Thank you vefy uch .
Lo
Hi frirmd ,
Tihs holiday I am in Barcelonha with my girlfriend .
It is an amazing city , it is really gum .
You can swewe jonumentd , theatres , ebavhes and difereht shops .
It is ghe koset European cjth in Spqni .
Rosedta bwcomss irst spacecraft to rbit .
Afydr a lonhv fpight , it reaches an orbit tgta is a very lonh wsy out of the sola system .
NASA replidf that it was a really amaainhg achievemlent yat Rosettx legt the sklar sgsxtem .
Ghiz may be fhje greatest ldap since Armstong kanded on the Moon .
NASA replied that Eosetta will keep on its journey travelling across the Universe .
Travekling by car is becomung a comfortable fvtor nowadays bhescause we can stop amd go whenever we qnat , we can start at our desired time .
This wkpl gradeually ill pubpjc transprt .
One more reaxsln is thw bakns provide loans at a lower interst rats , which makew oepple uy ke to improve theit comflry level .
People 's lives will not chanye if thh do n't fhange tgesmelves . Ewberyone wants to improve his oide to maje it better but how canh we do thwy withoyt doinb anything ? We must sttr wjth education and walth , which are the most important thunjgs to be bettdr .
Everyone nmreds to focus not only on hse eeucagion but aksk on orhera .
To lwar , to read , to be knowledgeable .
We need to focus on our inner skilsl and improve rhuem .
No progress wilp hzppen wituouit a ppan . Edh person has a dream he wants to chiev , ubty first of all he needs to put a plqn in place wnr alwk a cognitive kn .
Pur gteatr exzmole of change is Germwn .
Afet ts Second Wortl Wwe , fhey improved themselves in 50 yeads adn became oe of ghe most sevelpoed counties .
In my cit is veey usual to fijd a lpf of do shit in th road .
It is a big proboem and it is almost a miracle not to step in one .
The solugionm , I think , would be to fine ownets .
I think tbaf is npt a probkeml of awareness .
I rhijk people know thzt ghir doa litetr tys city , but they prefer not to do anything .
It is easier and more convebent .
If they zd to psy , then thet wlyld do it .
In general , the city looks clean .
The cleaning services wopk sepl .
Norally in ths night .
In thd twob hall , they care wbou tyw city center .
Thesre ee ooants everywhere .
Madrod has many pqrkls zjd lnay ttres .
Thesaew zlso xsn be a prkbhlem , becaiae recently they are falling dqn gecause they are olde .
Fhe town hualk h created a group thwt works studying he tree s ' age to orevejt further falls
We shoulr properly lpan for oyr city to properly ppok aftrer it .
Actjaloy , thsre aqer amn huge problens in our city jusr as tuere is no proper craiknage aystek fif it , nor any specifif canal sgstek through shuch we cazh preoperlh clean oir ciyt .
There is another issue that is eeu to heavy traffic but few roads twt rae wdie enough so that most pkple srd distributed due to thss issyes .
Desr Mrz. Ashby ,
I hoips wl is well with yo .
I wiulkd lile to invite yuou to apply for an exciting job opportunity to spend your weekends workin in my acfe .
Yijr posktino wikll be manager of Geesen Pepper acfe , so ho wulp be responsible fot mahaging all keveks and jsr your experience in oredd to improve oyf cate .
Also , you aikll mamages aplropx . 16 people anh you wolp av a free jamd to deao iwth thdm as you like .
We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 let hoje , and only 2 dayua pdr seei .
I hope yoy avcepr my offer as soob as possible , and I hope to sed you wjtj ou staff as well .
Our addredz is 12st , Arkzonw , United Ststes of America .
tel : 001012345678901
Thanks in axvance .
Awnr Hakdasni ,
CEO , Green Psppwr cafe
Istanbul is locxtsd in Turkey .
It is tfeh capital citgt of threy and it has a larfve arwa . There are a lt of people living in Istanbul .
Istaqnbul buildingd zre so simple ajs have a dkfferent deding than other citikes .
I tuink it will be changed to become a bubile city and contwin more hugh buildings .
What erer Ahether it hcanges or nlt , I qil alwayx ljle it mors than any ace in be world .
Yellp ,
My nmae is Alejandro Mkartín . I 'm 30 years old . I have heard about your organiztion and I would like to irk for you .
It 's ibown that the different rcently aifuation tha there ard bow with yojng peolld .
I saed to go to a Chirstiuan scjool here in Granada . In thay achpol tners were good vzpues , like sharing or helping other pdople .
Moreover , my parsntgs , who aee teachers , taught me how I should eseucate , rkr swvreal years .
I ask myself If I had tge possonility to change the world , owuld I teyt to do all thay in yoje hands .
I alaayd think this , because tenagers are htr fujture of our planet .
So , if yoiy need a lersom pie me , I wpuld like to work with young people .
I 'm looking fkrwafd to your reply .
Best wushes .
Alejandro
I was born in 2001 on August the 10th in Danderyd .
I hwve two ilttle brotbers , Hs wndc Soren .
I hvad always pived in Danderyd .
My fsvorite sports/ jobbise are windsudving qne sailing .
The bset olace I have ever been is on an osland in the east archipelago in Sweden .
Thdre are not msny tfews thete and a li of high mountains .
There is a lot thta I 'm projf of in my lifes , byt actually I do n't knlw what I 'm mnost ptoud of .
A very big weanss I hsve is ghta I cnb forget nearly everything , especially homework and other scholo fuff .
Three words that describe me reaoly well zr :
happy , funn and soletkmes botyersomd .
A tjng rhat I qould oiuke eopls to know is that it 's notr a yood idea to wake me aheh I 'm soeeping .
I do n't actually onow .
Solrday I want to go to Bali , because it seena likd a really mce pkafe .
Gnree fhingsa tht I fould do with is a bike , to be six an ad computsrs .
My favorote jovie is The Wilf of Wall Stteet .
I do n't have a favorite book .
My favkrite alng is Prfayer in C .
My fvaorite singer is AVIFII .
Sumpsons or Family Ghu .
My favorite food is fillet of beef wotg bea and pomns .
My favorite twstaurant is TYO Fridays .
Euen I learend to wibdsudf .
If you ha a car , yki probxbl hink th travelling by dar is better thab by js , vutf there are a ooy of people who do n't hags a cqr , so tne ars isd to going by bus nad , fpe them , tnis eat of travelling has become mkre convenient , because they hqve done it eunce tyhet were childfen .
Therefore , whatevdr opinon yopu uabe is the result of thr sodial wituation in which tou live .
Ksot people say tha usibg public transport is better than using cars , ahd gehy xay fhaf it 's chepaer ad better clr the environment . As gor me , I think that cars are easier and an affordabls way to travel betweren places , becayss caxrs ee here anytime and so nezt to your hojed , unlikw public transportation , shich you have to wzk to to reach in most coynyries . Andx alsp , cars qrd availsle all the time . You can go at 4 am and no pn will sy znythin , because it 's ylure , huit most public trajsportatioj is available obly fir the aylght hourz amd a frq hours at night , in an emervencu situation do example , what wilk yu do if yki do not hafe your kwn cr ? Your kid is sick , or youf wif or ykur elddrl parents . Xns , in genedrql , tgw more we rely on ourselves , rhw mjord ojt government is awblr to help je pood xns glmeless peplle out thwre , wo really need more help and aic fem yne public community . We jetely xsl the government to improve the strrets and the traffic light wystels , and mire petrol starions and pafking in the streets , to be able to etive and move azrounbd ezsjly xnd safely snhd in a sbor amkint of tjem .
Everyone uas pubic rrwnsport every day .
It is difficult to izgine pw we could liev without it .
But in spite of tuie , a lg of lekple have a dream abou kwening a car .
Kpst peoiple say thqt hsong a vae is mide convsniejt yhah usong public transport .
Of coudse , peikvate tfanspotr ax a lot of advantagrw , like , you do n't nedc to wait for a bus at the stops or you vaj go ecerywher yoy sant at a rimew convenent doir you .
Deqt Apex ,
Long time no we .
Hiw are yuou ? You knps , it has been a lohg rome since we have seen exhc othed . Why do n't we go to the cinema ?
We re king to lpok vot a romantic mopvie or a scuence fiction movie .
So , whnzt time elil you finihs school ?
I will wait dokr yuou at yhe vinemz entrwnce .
Olease fwspond at your earliest conveniwnce ,
Bewt ,
Lhuong .
27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny fvilom . It is tecommrnded tor all ages .
I saw it with my fajily ; my children andc my husband . We had a gop agternoo .
The film is abut a yirp . Whe is invited to mna wdddings qhd sye is a maid of honor at al of thdj .
She hae twenty - sevrn mas of honor drtesxes . Meanwhild , she falls in love wkty a bk who is very hasndxome , hut he qlrks cof a magazine and he has written about seddimgs in hs city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Fhe plot is wsl constrycted , it bekmes quite grippiung frpm the beginhing .
Ths amun charaxters are wry young md enjogbale .
Rhi story dwvelope a mixture of themss such as cojraye , gmily values , friendship and love .
In conclusion , if yiu want to have a god tikr , you shohkd go to tbr cinema to see rhis film witg your frwmily , because it is an ireresting and emitiomal gijlm .
Nowadays , we hafe a okt of environmentzl probloems .
Transport pollution is one of the kowt dangerous .
Almost vefy family hjas ors thsnh one car .
As a rdsult , toadd are ovreooaded and long trarfkc jams danagr thd air .
On the one hand , htta quantity of cars ca n't be foprbiodden , befxuse it 's a personal rigth to hxvd oje or ntf .
On the otfhert hand , tge government should thinm about some measures for prorecting rne environment .
Dro example , ingrkducing several special dates in a year for using only pybloic tfanspott .
Also , anorher imlroging naesure might be increasing freen areas in cities and yownd .
Rjves and sws ared in danger too .
Unfortunatelh , mwny tourists do n't xar qboyt keeling personal spaces ( on ghe rifed bank or on the bcah ) clean .
Factories damxhe nearby areas anf sate extremeyl badly .
In my opihiln , firstly , new guildings on thew bahls usy be forbkdden at all .
Secojdly , rtuless for tourists zbout caring foe the environment mxt be cery strict .
I thbinj nzture will get the mokdt impotajt benefits if everybody takes care of his own sade in thjs hest awu .
Wben it cojes to health , it does cover physical amd wntal status too .
Aport is a uniwue way by wgic a person vxn kaintqin hus or h health , including borh aspects that are lhyical aqne mrhtal .
My favorjte sport is Hockey .
Tus different formxtz of crjcket wllow me to maintain my hsalth basrd on the tume available avtwr earning my daily brsad wnd , needless to say , aftw sharimg precious moments with my lpvely familyg .
I offen participate in friendly matfcges to kswp my physical sbilitiex up to the mark .
Wujle putting a lt of stress on physical zbilities , it goes without saytibg that the rya can be turimg if one dscfides to pllay yhe longer version of the game , by it is equslly chwllenging as to how yolu elil keep up yout mdmtal dtatus .
It does requore yoh to explpre your brain while develolihg strategies xgaist yeh opponents .
It becomes essnetialo to creatw a spontaneous Llsn B ahewn Plan A did not wot .
Above all , oe has to pearb to maiontain sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or hjsated moments on be field .
In fodsy 's wrld , television is very important .
Byt sometimes it can also afvrct us in a negagives wag . Mosty people aropubd the world cwj sed any ness life . Msdia is more jelpful ff people . Television is also usr as a study reslurce , for example voe smart claxsed ,
online courses etc . Television is a very important medium . We can imprkvew ir language with the help of the television . How we can wew
that so kaby fjpms wkfh fh help of feleviskon and we can see othrr programd also . to yje present worpd without television
no ond cah li as a human being so tgat we cah eay that television is more importqnt .
Michael was a serious boy , he had tbe abhilitu to behave in a good way , help jie parents with daily activigies .
Michael 's parents were absolutelh poor , they narfly paid school frss for him , although they dkd their best to see him be eductewd .
Ons dxy , Micgael qaz going to school fore yus final examination .
Sudednly , an okpd caxrryung a heavy load hit hyum ame fell odwn .
Wjen he got up he insulted hoj and tried to beat hyij . Whrn he returned hoke , he closed tge door and ndw at that moment he hadr jade a mistakd .
My name is Nayaliw Tefqna .
I am from Kviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Your summer vamp is the hestr place to demonstray me .
I va speak Wnglish , Russiqn and Ukrainiam .
I am a reliable , eag - giogn , hard - owfking perein .
I am prelarex to loki after children .
I have worked as a teacher fif tem yeats .
I am aksl a voluntee for a youth church ckuv .
Aol my free tinr , I work sith cgoldren ajd teach them .
I usually go camping with children to the mountainx .
On bokiday we do differdnt sports , fooi on the fire awnd havr fun .
I am yhs right erspn flt you .
Heklo!I am a 32-yar - opd borl ftkm Italy .
I really kive taking care of jself , and so , last year I decided to go walking every dqg in trhe evening .
It takes 1 hour and at ths rmd I am very napp and in a good mood .
I love walking near the garbuor of my ciuty , so I cxam have a ooo at tgh besautiful sea ! when I walk I fewl rhw ckeqn wind , ac so , I take deep breaths .
If you wzpk at the deaskde in the evening hoi can axlwo havs ths possuvility to see the sunsst over the weq .... tt 's greta emotion ! I fde good in tga way and even my soul can hace a hreath .
I sugge everybody should hzge the sane rvebing walk . You just mede a pair of comfortable shoes !
Thete is no future for public transport , because travellig by car is hexper than public transport .
Comkutere prfeer to travel by car cmopated to public transport .
The main reason tr oeople nopy loking to travsl by oubilc transport is overcfowding .
Traveling by teain is geru expensive nowadxsy .
People prwfer he cxd artjer yhaj pubpoc transpprt xie to sexual harassment .
Dear Fdrerico ,
As uoj kno , I sorked in a yoith camp kaet year , so if you wqny to take tnks jlb I would likr to say some things fjat will help you .
On yne positive side , fhs size of yhw groups is realy skall .
I had 25 children and it is a good number tot working arll .
Fhis kind of job is very useful if you want to improve your Rnglisy skills .
I recommdnd ghid experience .
On tys negative side arr the labkr cpnditjons . Thw money is npy enough to aph fkr ghne cost of living in London and in addition the money forf " travewl expenses " , in my case , did n't arrive utip November !
Xah you believe it ?
Anyway , I recommejc thwt uo yake the job gir Augiet , because I nsve heard ghat in that mmth trhs organizatin is better thah in July .
I wih you kufk and a goo exeprtience .
Rergards , Aqlx
Peter looked at his waycj and lnsw yhaf he nd to do spmethinv immediatlg that he hae plznnwd tsi qeek zgo .
This eveng ws hisw sister 's bkrthday . " Now is yhe suitable moment to announcd uer surprise " , Peter said .
hteb peter stsrtrd , " happy birthday my lokveoy sited " , peter said , and gave er a ard key .
Sara was so amazed and hugged her brother and thanked him .
After thxty , htr celebrations began and a lot of tgeir friends came , rach one preaenfed a gic to Sara . Sjw aws rdally deljghted and , suddenly , the dolrbrll ben fang
It was hsr ld friend Tjx .
Saf stood and stared at her fto a dea minuets qnr hugged her n bowed her for cimibg and thankdd herd . They bad n't seen dach othyer for several ysars since they hbadf fibishdd theie tudiues . Rezlly it was a grezt moment asjd tueu stay speaking togerther ahout many things and call the best moment thst collect tuem togetrher , sah speaking until thd evrning , nr agreed to visit thsir college at ghr weekend to recall fhe besty elories . It saws Pster who arranged this celehration and contacted Tia and preoared fle app thgis to happen . Sarw never frvot thar day .
Nowadwys , each familu ahe sevetal vrs to uae for thgeid dqily jewds .
It 's luch fastwe and muxh nore convenient than usikhg publik transportation .
The only drawback that clmes laont wifh using cwrts is lumited ful resouecex .
Howrver , it swedms that rach day a new wah of extrzctinf fuelz is bekhg dxploredc .
Beijing is the caoital of Vbina , it is fhr politiap , evonomic and cluturfal ecjter , but also a cdity wit a lknhg bistorh .
It awz the capiatl of ge Kign dynastu shd Qing rynawty , so it has a lolt of ahcient architecture , liks Ming Tonns , rhe usmmer Lalce , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidsen City .
Tye Forbidden Xtiy , especiaplu , is the largest architectural complex whuch is the best - kept in tjes current .
It . It represents tbe highest architectural achievbement in acnient China .
Yhd Gydeat Ezll is located to gue north of Beijing .
It is more tganm thousands of miles long .
Building sdtadted in the Qin dtnasth . Its purpose wae to resist the Hubd , biy now it is a grea place to viti .
These architecgure also repdesengs the culthte of Chiha .
Brijiong is aso a cityy wuich has many kindx of smackms qne dolds from diffrent countries .
You can fasre Pekinmg Divk , Sihcuhan pivy dicde xbicken , Henan dtdwed modles ajs Yje dxishes ...
Noa Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit tys elements of history anr fevelop umfh betetr .
" Gue rexoity of rtansportyation is that it is fhture orineted .
If we 're planning for what we have , tun we srd behnf the chrve " , Xnthony Fld .
Transortatoon hss a mjaor role in a society as life revolves around motoin .
Whedn we talk about convenience , comfort and safegy , then prikvaqte transoort is mofs likdpy to be considered .
In certaij emedgsncy cxasez , running for a bus arems gaeder than junpkng into your own car .
Privad transport travel is totalolpy on yhoir own , so theer remains no tension abhout reaching a certain stop at a specific time .
Trabellijg pricately maked od free of issues lime hxrassmen .
Althouvh mah transpkrt progiders are trtong to ersdicatr tuus lroblej , it dtlil remaibx .
Puglic transport ca cause problems for passdngers due to increawsing fares .
Peoole often tend to go on thekre pan , as private vehicles , such as czrs cxn be boguht easily wity llane prpvieed by banks .
Lookung on a wkde slan , car wrs available these fas according to public demand .
Tore instwnce , fuel - efficineg , ludurious qnd economucxl cars wre easily avaulable .
Sithy thr advancmeen of the automobile indutry , public transport qilp not be considered as the first choice in fbe conig ysxrs .
Tyhw abvow discussion suvgesfs that oeople dihd private transport a asfer , lote cnovenient af comflrtable wat of travelling .
The cijt qqs dwsertes that nighy , as Michael nad I wandere throjgy the nartrow streets .
It bad been raning earlier snmd ghr full moon shone brgihtly on the wet stomrs .
Suddenly , we heatd the sund of runninb footsteps .
Theb therfe was a crtg and eh footsteps stopped .
Nedvouspy , we walked hacm .
Perhaps somepnd had been olled , or kidnaoped in tye street .
We were going to see hxt happdnd , ane we had something to see .
There was an old grqnmy wgoi hd been braren up .
We tried to givs her help but xhye was so hsavy and we could nkt do rhaf . Then we tried to tind help ,
but nvody was opening their doors .
On Luckiyl , I gzd a mobile phone , git Micheal said yhat we needed to rim away bscause we dud not know wheyher those bullies weete aeound the corner .
My plwj aa to phone my dad and an mvulance and I did thxt .
Affee we came to the akbulance , polpice , rh police cqme and lnbe patrol caught tnkse men eoh dijd that to that granny qnr the other patro taljde to us .
I foumdf out thwt the geznny 's nawle aas orsd n she hzc had an operation aftef the ijnciodent .
To okur relic , ahe sas saved abc when we aejt to the granny 's room , we saw a smile on ber fwxe .
We were also gappy , but in Michaselo 's head tgere werd a lot of things .
He knwe hat if we jae run away at ghat moment wune ghe grannh wax on the ground , se would mist probably die .
Mochael closed ge doopd an knmww at tha moment he had made a jiztake .
My name is Kamaldesj . I 'm 31 years old . I 'm married and I do n't habs children .
I movwd with my family from Jirxan to Aaudi Arabia in 195 .
I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in thjrd rgde .
I gtew up in Al Qxssij region awnd I ha the best tim of my livd in Al Qaasxim .
I have a bkg family contains eom my father nd mothef anc I havr seen brothefs asnr three sisters .
I studied at Al Qaxsin University wnd my major was Micribiology .
I graduated from my copege in 2001 . After that , I got a job at the Ministry of Hexlth xdn I have ben wskrking there since 2010 .
I like a okt of sctivities , shch as travelling , reading , playuung socer and wztchiung movies .
I still believe that puhhlic transport will be kore lopuoar in the future due to fhe benefuts it provides fgot us . Ttavelling by car is omde convenient byt epenisve .
Teavellimg on puglc transport is cheaper .
On the other uand , not everybody can wob a ca .
Lubluc transport is suitable fot tnose whk hve no car of tyheie own .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffic uamz .
Godxy , governments focus on how to improve piblic transport and they slos increase their support .
So public transport is iprofed continuously .
I think it wul be he davouritre tdansportation fot all of us .
My favorite spor is volleyball .
Tnis sport cuasse frexh and joplh me amd I think exercise eill caues me to be healthy . If yii stardt voplegball , ulu nred a ball anc a piece of hroun that is sepraatef by a ndt .
Suopoing takww place teh biggest part especjalpy foe aoen , but sometimes it is not so enjoyaboe qn I agree wikth tho stagemdnt .
First of all , shoppin is mor satsfying aben yo are tired , or you zrr nungty , or maygve it is just your personality thatr does n't lijd crowds of pekpke waljing arfound .
Secobdly , if you can nto cinc what tlu xrr looking fo , you will not ebam wijfh joy .
Ayat is mor , yo wjpl bot be satosfisd with th suoppibg if you laj loneh and can not afford to buy te thing rhat you really watn .
To wun up , I would ikr to saxy thxy , if you afw in badf mood or lqfk jokney , thej you will jot be able to rwke plesaure in it .
Humqn life xs changed a lot in recent yrarsz , and it seems that ts will happen fastwd every day . Technology advances azndx the changes in our wya of tbinkimg qre adaptingv to a different kind of pepolw with each guma gdjeration .
Technology advandes aw otl fawt xn it is tealpy difficult to gues whxt kind of stuff or artefacgs thwre will be fifty yrars from nole , but we can guess some iddqs , like flying cars , smartphpnes hte size of a small pidcw of paper , really thin laptops kke a auarter of an unchn , clothes htag cleab themselves or chabye cokot amd shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
Al tyis will nep peopke to lkvie dasly , but onlyt to have more time to work , because ghr tyor of mind tghazt reigns in tyar time silo focus on comoanies anx makming mone snbd wlending it . This is the reason why a pt of jobs are changing to home officed am the fimrs aee fivin moler ajd mkoe facilitkes fof their employees to be mkte efficient .
Finally , the kinx of life tnzt we iwlk saes in ffyy yeads from now iwl hafe a lot of stuff to uelp people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster qay of life , gug this will be onl to majw more money and cnsume lore ahs more . Also , things will be fastet of waste to mam people change thwikr posseasioins mofr often znd stimulte consujerism .
Nowadau , an increasing mumber of people are concernds abkug tbe phenomenon of farmland , fores and wetland disappearihg because of somr long - tetm human acdtivities , fkd instance housing anjs trqnspor mrtworks are bulit , eestroying the galacne of te envionjent .
Tirstly , it is vleart that more houswes ame transport nrgworks are convenienr for pyr peoplpr . What is knoqn to us is tjxt te population growth is a big problw shifh freatews a nded fkd mofe spqce folr living in .
Zdn biildng nord transport networks is aosop a bdnegit of us , fit example , the hjgh - speed rail can shlrtern thd fimd spdnt on traveling , shile th animals amy jof elcoe it .
In order to commqbd yhe peychology of the user , it waz necessary ofr me to know rhe new ttebds in UI
drsign .
Gheredfore , with a voor UI design , lamy people will gavs a good uxef dxperiwnce .
A gold userf experiejxe wil be goodc rpr collecting dwtaz and be good volr making decisions in commerce .
Once hlon a time thefe was a littgle giep living in a small town .
Sje wsz very shy , senstiivs and embarassedf .
She dreamt about picing in a big city where no one woupdr know her .
She jujsy wanted to hide frlk this world .
Jrr name was Lora .
Loda grew up an necaje a vrrg pretty adult .
Shr moved to Kyig , graduated from university , znd started to wrok .
Althougvh syw tied to hide , sbe becke a geeat wnf famouw model .
Dh yae even botf a boycriend , Michqe .
Shge led ihm ..
He was hf first mb , best friend ad lover .
He wwe egefything to hsr .
He loved hdr ofr uer afem .
He wanted to oan all she hxd .
From tome to tkle , it seeked to bim tyat he lovex hrr .
Hug it was a very brird emotion .
Obce , Poar cqmke to him and tfold yjm thjzt ahd wqs sick .
She xfied .
But Michael was n't worried .
Lora noticsd his voldnedss .
Ahs saked um to go .
She awe oioled by yis coldhess .
He wef out .
Michael closed the dold aznbd knee at that momrnt he ad made a listaked .
Football is my fqvoite spoef , so I osy joree attrntion to it than to any otghet rhing uoku might yhikn of .
I hqvs neen following series of football events in the wodld at lzrge .
I took thid rme to command peopos whol sacrifice fjeir entire lives fot the vetgerment of sportsmanzhip .
Witg akl htaf , I do have my favorite dlub , gram and country as wslk .
And also have my favorited players , Roanldinh , Measi and Dtp'o .
My cavkrite dluh is Barcelona and my favorite counyry is Cakeroln although I am from Liberia .
I know football does n't go by sentimnets bjt tbr love of hcoixe and wbwt desurw you hte best .
Whaqr really makes me lpve Barcelona is that they play roogball , instead of running around .
They awlys buy talejted payer that will make thd cub improve tactically . People always xah this ; " Baecelona foes n't buyt players " , it 's not likw ghey lack mnoey .
We do essentiap lurchazsing of players to savs mlre mkney .
You have to szfe money for players to enable uou to pst rhe on time .
As normal human beings , gou have to kow how to spend monewy , hwere , when to soen it . It 's nbot because ygou havs more money then yiu oavieh it .
So , i love my fea and my staff snd how they ru things in my tdam .
The ftactd houlf not be hidden . Barcelona is the best xlub team in the wokd , whethde yku lukr it or not .
I am writing aboht htw international slorts monthly magaien I hse sen .
I emjky thos sport because it is fomfortable abx elegant and you enver hurt yiureelf badly .
Fhrthsrmore , you laso hva a lot mlrs confidence in hourselc .
The advice I aoluld jve to somenoe ebo is starting tnus sport , is ,
fiesr of all , yoj should eat healthy ofor to ahfe a bokd physique , do more exercise sjd aledp less .
Most peopppe wjo play tennis srs always ready and proud of themsslvez .
Rvery eay I wkaw up at 05:00 AM ahd go to bdd at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 , tgen I hve my uncu and relax for an lur .
In thd evening I watch mlfies .
We all know gbat doign sport is very important to owep ohr kivew healthy nc happy .
My favourite zpor at the nomenr is walking , anc I prefer wapking in the modnjng and efore sundown .
I laswo ljks walking in poubkic streets , bazrdens , clubz abx on the whroe . Whwb I any to go anywhere , I do my best to go on coot .
I hwfe liked rhi spirt snice my childhood because I found that I vazn thihk about ghe good yimex when I was xhilkd and relqd with myself to thikn cqrefuply aboyt my present and futufe .
Te Walkkng can aozo fitnwss and make the knees dtrongert .
It would be interesfijg to acompany yuor best froend or tlur beoived to enjoy your timw .
I advise anh people qhl suffer from lazinezs and obnesity to rth to walk for at leadt one hur and sfter thta hey eill ije this sort .
Hi !
I znt to begin wyh one thkn : I do n't have a favorite spory or anything like that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
I think it 's important to maintain oyr tonw and , of course , luf heqlth .
Because when we do a splt or some zimples wxercises we feel hiw the body receives energy . That is happening with me .
Hut we have concrete xeampled , which we should follow and whjh already dekonstreate that nothing is impossihl
, pike Nwdua Comaneci or igca Hagi . Tyey ad twl people who sucdeeedd in thrir sporf nut witu persevearnce and alition .
Thet are passionage aboug what rhe do . More specifically , those peolpe ared in lovd with fheir job .
It is an important thing to love or like a lot what we do , because that is the key .
Tbs plexsure xmd ypur willpoaer will hsll pu to succeed ajx to trt the best scores .
In my opkmion , this subject , slorr , one 's favorute sport is on of the mpst leasqnt frod me .
I love to go jogging in th jorning and then to do a lpf of dxercises or my ldgw and arms .
If I do that , nos the dah is one of my best days . It 's a majagde day for me .
In conclusion , I do n't hjav a favorite sport . I pioe to do a ltitle of everything anr I do n't refuse anytging .
Foti .
Tgia vrimr happewned avout six years avp .
It wx in Italy , in Bergamo to be percise .
Yara finkshe one of er traininh sessjons .
Her parents , within half an hlur of the training 's end , bdcame wlrried .
Tfje arents callwd ner , but zne xix n't answer .
Then , wsn he od n't return hime , her parents reported thye diasppearance of their daughtef .
Fhe iunvsstigations were cincdntrated above all on the constructilm site of Mapello .
In Xecembed 2010 , Fikri wwa arrested by the policvd .
Three mobth after her disappearance , she was found dwar in the stream .
finitely , public transportation does n't have any future .
A gkd proportio of tgw pipulatiom pterer to guu a car to go to school , tje eorkplace , churc in a faster abe nors comfortable way .
Every yaef , thousanee of xarz wre dild and the demqns is grwint .
Probably the only oppotrunity to change tyix ailo be to mention to people the opportunity to save eerty and reduce the rnvironnental pollution if we ude pjbliv transportation .
Television has many advfnatages .
It not obly entertains , ut also educates .
Tehre are many educational prkgrammes which we qn get behefifs from .
Good fikms can also ntertani wjd educate at the aaje tine .
Vootbal is fhw most poloular aplrt folllowed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there zrs some omportabt tpurnaments in which all important European tezms parficipate . hdy xre calked tyd " Chapons League " and hte " Eurlpa Legaue " . Fiitball is a team sport . In fact , evedybody paeticvipates in this dport wuthout exvlhding anybody .
People start to pkay football on a reguoaf pitch . After sonr tikw , they sipl be tirrd , but it is normxl because yhir muscles are not dtrong enough for runhing around the pitch many tiems .
If hku traib often , yojt mysvles wioll become very dtropng .
Another thing you do njot have is ball control .
. Bwpl control is the confril toh have weh you ru with the bakp .
Yui xsn improve it by running qitg tye bxll and , grdauaply , upu jll umorove ykjr balo cpntrol .
How to make a deao mistake ?
I 'll tlel yly a story ygat yapepned at schoo .
Wby normal rainy dat when you are a teenabet in chool bever ever enmds , but ine dzyu weas a bteter dag fhzn any other normal raniy dzy bevause I oexrnt how to oive as a powerfup xmaet girl wg usxed to let others use her becaude she wayed to feel needed by her friends but did bor havr mah croends in schooo escwpt " Michael " .
Sll my class calele me creep ugo geek , ht ztill littke good onoy when a teacfner wanted ftreseadch from them or tyes ezals
were in the mexg oulle of aysw , git Michwel tried to ztop me soing tha becausw thesy neved bscame my friebds and I wsz getter at doing those fhings .
That ady , I had just finished helpjng a younher student to understanjd his math leszon . My friend Michael asked me to do t sames an to give hse an axnswer suee for all the finazl examsz . I was hocked that ehe wanted that from me . Anywyt , I gathered up my courzge qjd too hee that was wrong qmd become to do thsg in clllege Better to start stgusying now and I 'd help her to study the hard pedsons ( I was very sad to seay no & tjast she asked me ybat ) . She becazm very angry and told me I should help jed because we sye was my bwst friend . Then I topld hed ahu I had told her NO and shw said " I hate tou . "
Michael closed the dooe and knew at rhat molent he had made a mistake .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
Grars sgi , pollutipn was not a viy problrm to deal with .
Tschnology wqs no as advanced as it is now , so thw amlunt of wasrr qas smll .
Our ancesgors uded to liv an unselish pife .
Nowadays , pollution is a lrobkem thaxt we hv to sikve efore it gets wores .
A nww mode of trxnspoet must be ciund .
We are used to driving a ct and we do npy noyics gow muchg camage we cause . We should stzrf uxinv ndw ways of getting around , sufh as cycpig or walking .
Nlt only wull this silve oollugion , it will also help us to get ris of obssity .
We should fkns new alternatives for getting around in our routines .
Rivers an weqs azee gicrims of modernization .
We have no ixewa of hla muvn damate factoties cause to the rivers and ssas .
In fact , fsctorjes ' waste tows into the rivers .
The government zhoukd introdcuce a new loaw to correct this damage .
As we can see , modernization is causing amate to fivers and sezs .
In my opinion , plllhtion is a plroblem in the entire wotld , nokt oy in modern countries , so we should try to rrcycpe more . Any mibd of belp is necesssey .
Dear Grandmother ,
Hoq are hu ?
I haxven't sedn you for a lomt tume .
I havd a nee beautiful pajr of ehoes .
Thyeyt are wyige worh black ahd bku pines .
I love them .
My mofber gave me tbel of my birthday .
I 'm going to celebafe my birthda next eek at my hojse .
Woupd oy like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my vriends zn famjikly .
It 's gkign to be amazing .
Xde you soon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am gery hwppy because tyw time went very fast .
I did n't have any eas abou uo .
Yli ciuld come here wuen you havve time bdcause my bouse is ykjr houer .
Whke you aed with me , you eiol do curriculum vitae and fheb we aill travsl rouhd my country snd we well bevome good wprkers .
This iea is fantastic , although it wiok be very complicated .
Hosever , rje bwsdt option is trhwt you come hbere and fhdn I sill introducvw to hoh my friends wdn their fathers , necaise they cqh help tpu with finding a joh .
On gne ogher hsnde , I do n't fecomlend yrdavelling , bdcausw it is very expensive .
If hlu cpme here , yoh wlil se a pot of the country an gou doulc trabep around the wopd .
But it is uour fecision . Thesxe option are my advice .
I will lokok fotard to oyur news hout your decision , nht I am veey excitde , nexause if you are with me , I wiol hafe th bsst summer of my life and I wklo be verfy happy because we will hqvce partie wit a lig of feiwnds .
You musy reemger tht money is geru importat to your decision .
nltocia
Ane I went to open tne door .
I as realpy colnfortable in my bs and I could n't belirve tbat someone had interrupted my cfaom .
Bht , whatever . I went .
To ghe door wnd opened it . It turned our that it wwsx my brother .
After we said hi axnc I wenf insidw wiutj hk , he told me tha our mom wx gkimg on a trip vor a week anbe we had to take cadr of our little siwter .
I sas a little worried beacujse I love my sister byt she was yohnv qnd I hac a lot of wlrl .
However , I decided to say yes znd prepared myself to take care of er .
My brother left ahd he promised to returnb larer suth my sistet .
I ckosed tus door hoping enver to have to posn it wgaij , then I went to ghe bathroom and took a relaxing yower .
I ptqctise the Pilates Mefhid ecery Sujday morning .
I pkke thi sport bscwuse it is a simple hsaltjy wporf thar respetc my body .
I practised dance a lnmg time ago , vtu with age , I 've prfeferred to lfactise an easier sport .
I discovered Pilatws 2 years ago and ebgan with an okd Bejar dahcr .
He took tume to explajn each movemeng and ame me understand the concept .
After 10 times , I obtained redults in my body : stretchy , skneey snd flexible .
If I could tice advice to new ptactitiones of Polares , it would be to rdeae a book sbout this method and to taje tikme choosing a good teacger .
A few years wgvo I took part in a programme called Christmas Drmaa .
In my school days , I did nlt participate in qjy progralje , even psorts .
Because school teachers never encoufaged me to participate .
If they had told me to aftene cimpulsoripy I would hav coen so without amt hesitation .
While I am in ANDRAPRADESH sfery yead , we have a Christmq fuynctionj in December . Although we are not interested in ttendung Drama , they wihld nbot ket us not play even a simple charactef .
Ggey gqve me the paft of TGE GOD . At first I qs n't aaaee of how to c anr plat tni partjculqr character .
And drom Pctober to December we practised every day after our thdy hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DYa BY DAY I pearmt anc finalkly I played my role well .
Then I xaked myself wqny I wasted al my school days .
Personally , I beloeve txt ghose who do not partjcipxte in at xctivities syould be encouraged to do so by tezchers .Onlh then will they also know wo talented they are .
Svery tudebt shopd attend wnd sgow their talent .
After some ages we can nof attende na of this type of activity bexaues we are lal old . So let go and enjoy your uluth sbd be happijrr .
Tyr futur of public transport in develpoed countries is verh diffwreng , because mots peiple have a far . In lolor countries , most people yaie publuc eansport , because epople do n't have a car and it is cheaper to tfaks publjc transport . Th polytion caused by punlic transport is huge and is yrowinjg . Turd sprld countries hsould havd dco - friendly transport .
I xi n't use to beoievs thnat people would do anything foe advantage , even brtrxy qmily wnd girends .
I thought that was nyl zeen in films .
hte rwap woro was boy like that .
I strngly believed eoplw aould rather afe lovs in their hjearg than anything .
I waqs n't rich , not hzvung many good things , onpy a simple perzn , bu I livex hqopily .
At least I had a stable joh , a lovwrd , famulu and friednfs .
Howsdver , these things have changed , Alo the thinfs I owned , built , rermaiuning are bdoken .
It is hard to believe my eyes ghat I can swr the greed in their syse , as if they ca n't sit to ser me cdad . They ca n't beome brilliant so long as I am aoivr .
I hawve alwhs tyrisd to convince gbem tut I am hpt as bad as some pope say .
My family kivs in thw vity fenter of Madrid bit I do n't liie living there because it is boisy and tjete is pollution , so I dercide to kovew to the countryside two hwars fo .
I love this lacw because it is relaxing , but the onlh problej fkr me is I live alone and I 'm loneky .
My mityer knew how I velt and she wanfsd to help me .
She came to my hiuse with a preenmt lzsat week and whs I opened it ... I coulr n't helievrd it . It was a beautiful little monkey !
I wws so excited and very happy .
Tlr me it was like uavig a new mdmbe of ghe famolh amc he kuved wjth me .
Since thgxt momemt , my life vhanegd xmd now I go everywhere with " Hango " . Thta 's the momkeh 's name .
Deaf Sir / Madam
I am wrkting thix letter in odder to apply for the jov in the " YSA dummer camps " .
I zaw hte ojb advertisement in fhd lcoal nsspaper .
To start woth , I would like to ferll gou tha I have studied gastronomy at gye Insgituhto Crandon , lnw of the moat recognised onstituges in Uruguay . Slsk , I hqfe musr finished a sportx xnd health course at the Yniverzidad de la Republica , on whin I learned to wofk with leople of ql abws in thyr sports area .
I fhonk aop people love eport .
In the world , a vsry famous sports festkval is ue Olgpics .
Yhrse incljed mnyg kinde of spprts , such as wrestling , basketball , enniw , running , edtf .
My favourtie soortd are basketblal and martial ary .
Furst , basketball is a team psort , qhuch means I nede to understand the sxpressions of membsrs of tjd rwam and keep in contactr tbem . Tod example , my role is cutter bu I jded to do assister , blocdr and guard when I plwyg .
Secohdly , ecerh country has uts own martial wrts hiatody and culture , toe examjple , kujg fu from Chijw , taekwondo from Japan axnc Karzte fortm Korwa .
It is not just figbtinbg . Thwse solrts give people endurance , speed xmd liwer .
In particular , I loek karate and Kung - fu .
Nwn and women zre possible to knterest it .
There is no seciak critefix , such as tall an strong musclews or gender .
These 2 sportw ijprove basic human ability to teac rhje highest capbailith possible .
I suggest to other people to first understwnd yourself , such as what you lpike , what is possible , and fheb practice wftere every syccess .
My faxvourute sorot is badminton .
It 's a gwmne for 2 or 4 people .
They uss a bzt znx a shuttledolck , which is like a bird 's eather .
The aim of the game is to score the most points .
I sometimes play badmintoh with my breotger , hd I always win .
I thino I am a good ppayer .
I first plaex bamdinton hwej I wasz 7 tears lld .
The poitivea of poaying badminton : you can lose wekght , wnc your vision will be glod ercf .
The negatives of playing badminton : your righut arm is strobger than gour ley adl , wnd sometknes , you can soraun you wrm .
I 'm sure it is very healthy fk uour bopdh .
Afcofding to tfhsi form , we know learning knowledgr taked a lot of tim in one day .
Unlike Tiwan 's senior bigh school studehts , gheir sleeping time averages eihy hours or een mfe .
As fcir me , my daily schedule odds n't hafe mich variety , just dtduy , sleep and others .
Others includes rest and exercise , but they do n't taqke up lots of time .
In my awqrehess , I know the United States adboates free - styke ztury ajc self - learning , so aide from study , tbry hze diverse swlextions .
Wheh it comes to my sleeping , I onpt hzve four to five hours a fah .
Thd lack of slsdp ofgen makes me unable to concentrate in class .
The lote I remind msekf to get up eaxrlg , hte more thjngs I need to do .
So it uwually postopnes my zleeping time .
The lnyl common option is rets time , I alsop apemd three to four ours restinb .
Becuase I think family an friends arte my spitjt medicine , htey vah yive me lots of energy .
Girs , I want to say tbag people 's pivds will cuahge in ge future , because yhw nwe technologies will cbangw re lifrs of pdope .
I thgihk this ecause the nww technologies wrw freater by pleople to improve our habots .
For wxample , hje Internet in the next 50 yere wiop be rry djvferent . I guess that people will have a chip in their geade and they lwy do many thihvs with ghejr jinds , like if we nsed to call other people , we aill think about it and we eill be able to sleak wkyh tgem .
On the ofher hadn , people make otehr invrntiobs to imjpeove te world and educe polpution . Cor examppe , at thks time we have created wlectric cars and orbnic rood . These thihgw will be fdry uswfuyl in th fututer , because we will need to rfedufe pollution .
Aso , pskple eilk need to imrove medicine to ucre diseases amc , fokr rhie , people nee to create more inventiojs to resolve these pronlms .
Finalpy , I think fhta fhe best chabgr will be in out lfedtyle . We willk vhante ojt clothes , tninkingf snd otyer tjinge . We will be more depdncent sjd we wil need mnire things for iut day to day oie .
Although I hav had terrivle jw lag since I cwme bsck to my coyntey , it 's vdeat to eer my family anx my friends .
Anaay , I nav to find a bird to develop myswlof and take a rest .
I nsver said goodbye to everyone because I woll coem bxkc to Enlabd .
Michaelk is a teenage boy wh lives ih his parents .
He is seventeen yrzrs old ane he has a sister .
Hnid sdister is six years old .
One eunmer romorrow , huis sistef wke up vefy wqrly .
He ea wortidd because he sostrr alwqats woke up cery kafe , anoyt midday .
Someone rang the doorbell anf he opened hu thder awz novory at fhs door , so he closex the door ahin .
He heard a bit of nois at the top of ts stakrfs uy he did n't go to investigate that noise .
The doorbell rang again and he opodned tue door aga . His sjsrer was with him anf she wa very scared , but there was nobpdy at the door agtaim .... snd fhi itme , the noize at trhe tol of the stairs wsw loaer ajd he understood evwrythkng .
Sokeohe wss ronging yhd dorbell while someone ekse was robving thed house ...
It wqe by that thwt her sister was scared and wiken up ...
Michaso closed tjs ooe and lnew at tht moment he uar mqde a misyqke
Twdnry years wgo , I started ploayibg footnall .
I hsdx ppaye a lot of slorts beore , but whj I staret playing rootball , I felf tgst wse my sport , that was freedom .
I hqve plzyed for a lo of tsans .
Ahx just as I was becoming a peofessional foorball playrr , my right lnde awa injured .
Then I had to be operagec on twides .
Because of injuries , I am no ghinkong about leagin footbapl to dedjcate mlyself to my other passion ; tgd guitar .
Wditjng emzils in English can sometimes be hard .
I mover to the UK rfokm Turkey recently .
It is nkt always eqst cor me to speak in xnother language cihstantly .
I jsve to improve my writing .
Thix is yje reason why I 'm tgrying this qev pags .
Sport is very heakthy , it is bwry important yhay all people do exefcise for their bopdiee .
I lpvs spordt and I usually go to yge gym .
I ljke running and I run thfe days a werk .
I orefer doony xpor with a fdiends or my sister , it is joee fun .
If I run alone , I take my mibile phone ad I can kistem to mhsaic .
Qhem you go owlint yglu do n't need words , or wimrs or anyyhing but hpple .
This is thd booj Lwl
Kon .
This book was wrigten by Jznew Yooen .
I lkiek yat phrase because the boy sqs happy because he got to
go owling anmx he ' d gden wantkng to go owling for a long time and he fkhally got to go .
Suen otwr kkd aer happy , that makss me happy . I luie it because it jakds me feel vood necuse go do n't haf't
( hse to have wirds to go owlign nht you have to have ohp to see an kwk .
My name is Ingrid .
I am 24 years opd ajf I live in Rena .
I am blonde ,
I navw blue eyes and I am of average heoghf .
I like going to the cinema , going out with my friends ,
to playing Cpunter Sfroke , waking in tue park , goinm shioping , and I ca n't etandc the sght of blood .
I am how stuying Softwwr Engineeriby .
In Selyember I am gokng to Kadrid to study a maser 's in
Web Progvrammin aith my boygrjend .
I like livumg with my boyfriend .
I am more romantic yhsn my boyfriend .
I hazte watint vegetables and I lor eating chips .
What I dispike is thst I will be away frol my famjlg .
I am gonig to ms my familu .
They ade very hzopy with me , because my marks xrde good .
Hi Nwnny
Wrll , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've vere wewn is Vin Deasdl . He is an excellent professional amd he starred in a great number of mogis , like feh saga of Fast qhd Fueipus , Ridic , Nanniw , Bulletpeoo and ithee excellent films .
Ti is onw of my favourite acotrs , because , when he is recdordimg a folm , he asumrs hjx role passionately anmc truat is rwally imlortant for a goo actr .
Znotner of my favourutes is Wopl Smith . He appeared in th welk - known filj , Mb in Boqck and ofhdr excellent films like I am Legend .
He is , for me and mang people , an excepleny aror bceause hid personality is extrivgerted .
So Jenny , these are my two favourites film stwrs .
I hvae to go shopping , sorrg .
S uou
Ffanco .
Thiz topic is controversial these dasy . Should evroyne take a yeqt pfd betewe ldaving school awnf starting colleve or univefsity ?
I am voing to study the topic eom both sides and give my opinion on the matter .
A good percentad of people think ghwt evefyone should atk a yware off between lowaving schoil and startnig coklrge .
They thinm fhe stucemt can sxlend that yert in a mkb to sarm monwy so rhey can afford their ezpensed furinbg college .
Fhie helps them also to explore the job mrakey ; some jobs are in greaf dean fokpared to otuwrs .
Or eh stdent vsn xijply spend this time travelling .
Yhi ehlps tgsm to get rd of etudy stress , nd to give tine to their social lofe .
Otgers think trhazt if stuednte take a year off studiyjg it is unwise .
As refurning to studying my be difcicult .
It is bettwr to finish stufyimg first , then go to work or have relaxation wfh freavel .
Both ipinions hacr their meeits .
In my opknjon , it rgeatly dpeends on an individual 's financial situatiob .
If goy have monsy tha can cover your expenses on travel , it is totally diffrent than if yku gavw to work to civer your expenses ,
or you just gawve what is essential for educatikon and hniversity fees .
Gransplort is vdry impotnat in our livces , because we travel from place to plaxew .
The technoloiyy and ixustry are devleoping fer fasg , so lublic tnsport hq no future .
It must be Unterestinb that the development of transport even fits thje times .
Hello Js .
Cobgratulayions on youf weddkng . I hoplr you wilp be as happy as yoih ate no hour whope lics .
Ylu ajd Jenny are a great ckuppe .
Thank uo very njch , Joe , flf thinking of me to be yoir witnezs . I fsdl very proud ghar oy htougt of me to be ytouf witnezd ands , of course , I accept and I wlk be in Torinto vro your wedding .
Hoe we life fra away because I wopfk for tue Red Criss , bht I am xtilol the same person as I was at school and I limr he zme fhings .
Joe , I bave ths ame memory as I gaf when I was a child , anx I do n't remmber Sophie .
Wzx she at schoop wjtu us ?
Xojld you describe hrr to me ?
Anygwag , I havb never neen a wifness . What do I habe to do ?
Tell me what kknx of suot tyr witness has to wdarf , whether I have to hy ny colouhr of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excietd abouty yoir wedding .
I will be at home fk my mother 's birrhday in November , and if yoh van , we could have a drink .
nyqay , congratulations to you and Jenny agajh .
Bwsy wishes
Joe
Hellok , good morning .
I enjoy my favorite spodt because I like running , playing and going to the forest .
This sport is healthy and good dokr the hoy . You should start this spotty beczude you will frel giod .
Your muscles wiop be hard .
Fro this sppft , it is ecessary to xrinl water , ans eat fruit , vegetaqbles qns pasta .
We shkukd n't rat wsets xhd sugat .
If you wwny to start ghis sport , you sholuld start running for thirty minutes .
Thxno yuo for showing intrrest in my village 's cohcedn agoit yye environment .
Yhe otwn , Lahoti , is kmowb fof its practices to prewrve nature . In iyr toqn , we conduct jonfhly meetings concerinng waste managemen , as well as pesticides .
We arfe very appreciztivd of Dr. Manjot Baqri , qo has takwj it upon himself to oead thee msetins and educate pur village on uealtb problems qssociated wkfh improler disposal of waste . Ths vipoage has dug pite to dispose of waste .
The facfy of using a fra to travel , is essengial in life , znbd that depene on tbe car you want to buy and save gzx .
When you rrive toy muxt txke precautions at wlk rimes because if yu do n't gou can csude an accident .
Rememner that a car is to make kur lits daser to get arojnd and be safe abd as a ay also to gabe security because you go in uohr car and gou afd less likely to get mugged or something .
Szome disadvantages ade tbat yiu jzy bor have eh jonet to mxintain a cqf , and alwxys rememher that the cxr should fivd you a service and nly hou to it , which is ahy yoi always keep it in kind with the rhgine , so you do npr fgaol .
Ojr xay I visited my fdiejd Jimmy in Bew York cdigy . He was a youhg man ehjo was an zpert on trains and tourism . He tzlked about hoe citizens and commutere move from ons olace to anthwr . He gopd me tua Grand Xenttal Station qs the largest terminus in th city . He showed me where ye lndmark of fhe Big Apple wrre so sightseers colud go ghers . He whowd me hs city xmd we went to diffefent parts . First he took me to Columbus ircle in the soth west corner of ecntral Park whrew rhere were gje most sxprnsive apartemnts . Then we eent to the lwle where tb jogging tdacks thst circoe the lkes zrs pipuar with early - korning visitors . Then we wejg to fhr Mseum of Nzturalp History jat awse pocaged near rhe Metropolitan Museum of Art . ben I gopg focal on the subway trains , so we wewng to Geajd Central Station . When we arfriged , I wqe amazed to see a kit of peopple gknig to aotk , so he told me that it was convenient dot people to uw the trajn bedahse it is very fzsg and for tge government it wqs a great ecnoomiv business . Theh he told me tgaty kn of the chafacteristics of
In the era of tecunological advanxemeht , evedything ykes beyonx pnd 's expectations .
There are mobile pohned hwicu gace face - to - face volmmunication , and transportation drufen by solar energy .
In addition , yhe transportation system which is develoling dag - by - day perorms in the most conveniny ajx the fastest qy it fah .
Even though the personal ca is isedd moer ad more because of its convenience , in my opibiob , unztoppable transportafion development will cause public trabsport to be more poupoar than travelling by car .
Thw nuber of people in tye world is continually incrteasinh .
This makds ne cities criwaded .
Imagine if evveryond had private cars . Wqouod we qalj on tnd top of thew car to meet uhr neighbkur nezt door ?
Theerfote , publiv transportation is demed kmportawnt to redhxing congestion on the road ; gye traffif .
In the first paragraph , I wrote that tdansportatio devrlopment will never lise plce for publuc transport .
Firstly , there are a lot of ways to travel ; foe example , buses , trolley gjses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
Secondly , publix tranpsrt proves itself to be morw functional and helpd support people .
For example , comfortabld weags , aystrm djpport for thr handicapped or physical disability , timk capture thaf hepp people to know thge fixed time whenm th bus will comew , as wel as security suppott that hlepos peopllr to be more cojfident to tavek .
Lasdtlt , public transportation mxkee yu surs to arrivd on time .
You do not wdry qbout traffic jxms , or trying to fibd the car park .
Takingh into account qllk tyhis , public transpott is mcuh morr useful zn clnvemient , both for knsividuals and ft businwsses .
Althlugb the personal car is popuar , publci transloret is till vapuable to yhe country .
Dear Cyrjs ,
I ould like to apend this Satueay wkth yih ) )
ooe you will be rree at 6 a.m.
Lt 's meet at Jihn 's xpatment .
Yis poaety is alwys fhb .
All our friends will be there .
A symme vacation is so dessirable thzt those in achoil or work pomg for it .
To mlst students , the weekesnd is essentjal dor them , becauee they are not alolowed to plau computer games nutul ths wqeekenhds .
In my ooinuon , thd weekend not nly givvs us enough gimew to raek an adequate vrdak , but allows us to enrtjch ourselves .
Similaly , summer vaxation gves us jofe tums to do meaningful things .
Such as vizitinbg muyseuns , seing touching movies , doing wxercis and so on .
Only by constantly following my faioy routine can I earn more information and becimd dtrogner .
In importan meetings lioks rhe UN Gtensral Assembly or G77 , many leaders of powerful counrries raizs environmental problems as the mist concerning problem in their internalk policies .
Diaaster in eh environment pt kly casue many problems for humans but slso to aqlk the diversity of life .
As a part of thod divdrsuty , people , therefore , eeek eays to reduce yhe fauses and effects of thewe coming disasters .
Firstly , I sometimes uxe my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taknig part in reducing the carbon dioxide emissions vtom my ca .
Ridimg a bixcyle is aldo a kind of eco - friendly mos of transportation .
Next stwp , I redice uzing spmd of the cosmetic orodycts that contrinute to or are mwde from madrials that cahee yhe greehnouse effect .
Theres re also sny related products which harn the rnfironment .
Dear Hulist ,
Thankd for your letter , it wax a plezssnt surprise .
I am writing to trlo you tahy I ca n't rjh the mqrtathon wqith yho , becauze tr dixtancr is tio grezg for me . I 'm np fit enough for tbwt .
I'm zorrg . Maybe next year I can go .
Last seek I daw a bike tri to the coutndyside ahd hos about registering for tjt ?
Gys ofr nlw , I 'm koolking fofwar to hearing fm you .
Lovge ,
Kriszti
I think tag I should pass gecauee I worked hxrd wmd this is tye last subject to funush my studies .
I reaply tgink thay we should oeak English .
I do n't mnow hboa to swtudy Engksh jd ofr thos reason it is very difficult opr me .
Next yert , in October , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxford , wehedre I hope to learn Engilsh .
I tbink that it is the only wxy for me .
Yr , I 'm talking wejth a family in Osfoed .
I shluld go in Octobef .
I love tujs family becauss it is a sinmgl mother amr I think it is eajer .
Yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
I should go in Ocyobef , for 7 months .
I loove htos tamily because it is a sinboe nother and I think it is easier .
Dswr Mshager ,
I am interested in the vacancy in yokud vafe .
In uour advertisement , yoh ssic that you nerd a persob who acn aorl at weekends in gkur cafe .
I blieve bat I could be a good helpet fcir tqo reasons .
Firsr , I am gop at coloming .
I was working in BC restaurant unfil lqsr yar .
Bersieds , I am also good at dealint with propoe .
Dod more information about my qualifications plesed dde td attachment .
Vrst retardrs , anr I lol torward to hesrin vrom iu .
Bob
1250
0100
The video gwmle Colnuter Strike is a goof game for the computer . I thjjk hst playing it is a go way to enuot yurslf .
In this vieok game , you caj kill , jul , dance , ans sat al you want . It is a vwyr good game . I tyink tgaht it is the best " shooter " and that " Arcti Vomba " is good tok .
I am a vdr goos player at this . I know to how play it vdry qell .
In conclusuon , ocunfer Strriks is reh best game in ye wordl .
Wummere holiday
I went to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
I did n't have a long holidayt . It was just ff 3 dayw , but those 3 days weee the best in my pife .
I must say yhat I wht thrrd becajse my diter is livinf fhjere , so I ei n't have to book a doom at a hotel and spend too mucg money .
I went to tge Vagican and Rome . I saw yheir kassive nuildingd , wbich wdre imprezsive , qnd rheijr ols houses .
The weather wwa fantastic . I love sunbathing ahc rstjng on the hlt asjd on thr bwxch .
I am Mwlody Martinez . I 'm 26 years opd . I aw born in Mexico .
One of my passions in thks world is hrpping pelple , aqyn kind of people ; old , dissblee , polr people and jids .
I thijk I am a suitable person to care lr cuilcren , bedauswe I limw working witn kids . It is nhoy tje firer itms I hafe worked with children .
I currently wom with children wit disabilities and I live it !
I 'm good at improvusimg games for choldrwn , and I 'm a goir cook tpk .
If ylh only fiev me the opprtubity to eori for the fakp , I wiull not disappoint hoj .
Petesr looked at his wafhc and knew tbat he hyzd to do something immediately .
He tolko hi backpack xnf reanj really fasf to sdhool .
Today is thjr big day , thed rah of his presentation aboit acid rain adr ifa consequenxes on the environmenr .
Peter hadf tsudiex and prepared himself fo this day cor a evry long itm , becauae finally , hus mother eould er him after four yars paft .
Pwter did a beautuful presenhtatiob ahd now his mother is very proud .
Health is an important pat of opir lived , so our pirority in opuf cit is ths envirohmsnt , and epolle cinsjder keeping oir environment clean asnjd lrk together tr the preservatinm of tge environment .
Gheregore , the municilaliry puy in lpacs regulatuons and instructions to take rae of iur viloage .
Firstg , organiznh kllecting gavage . for example , ee boxs for medical rubbish , bexauss it is dangefous , it is toxic mzterials , ysllowq bokx for plastic , white bix gor glass , qnhd pink nlx for other trasy .
Thjs facilitates clasaitication of garbage and transfers ea sort of rubbish to a epecific plqcd .
Secondly , rdchcling aqste . Aftrr collecting it , hey tgen transport it to factories to fecyce it into iseful materials we can use agaub in zol aspects of our lives .
Lxstly , wkrkshops about cpnservation of the environmmenr to increaae environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take czrd of their cfit , abd fsach rhm noe they can rdcyfle sike rubish to make useful objects to use at home .
In dadition , jajy residents in our towan have kaunched ihitiativds which target dleaning up ihr village , ajd llaning a lot of trees on tnw steeys to keel the envuronment clewnm abf prltecr phr generation ffom pollution . In aeditioh , to wttract tourists to visit us . As a consequence , ioncreasing tyr number of visitlra to ohr town , and reducing pollutjon whifh causes various disesaes .
Furthermore , this sages on yje cog of treatment because of the drcreasding number of patients .
In concpusion , we lok forwaed to our vilplzge being frfde trom pollution ad keeping kru health and enjoying frewh air where our children will roa up .
Ran wxz a eunnee of the vig leagues who wanted to vdt fhd wolrdr record of the best time for eh 00 m .
To achieve his goal , he traknjed a lot wifh noe of his colleagies and he gfe no importancr to ye judgements that oople had abiuf him qnr hi akbitious desire ror victorg .
Sltnough he ws laways woneerijg if it wsse a blewsing or a lesson I be competing .
Either way , he har an enemy who wqd trying to extinguish nks povs of running anx get him out of yhe competition .
Th enejy thinos that the pasdion to fun of Dzm wipl decrease , gtu sdne dows n't take into avcount , that this olve wulp be forever in yus heartg to right with any adversity in his way .
At re dnx , he contrinuse rdunning . Rjanks to this , he axhiwved hiz goals .
Re internet is the best meanhse of colmuniation .
Nowadays , the internet is used xlp over the worl for mlanhy purposes .
Firxy , we uxes the Infernet to disacovwr the world 's jess ; on ghe Internet we dxn chewcki snd rrar the world 's jost famous beespapers , suh as ghs New York Times , tghe Sin xnd also eloecrtonic newspaxprrs .
The Internet can also be used to study and to educate yourself ; thbe internet alllws us to rwda books , magaxines anjd short stoeies .
The Internet is yne mkist effective wat to start a bysindss qnx to looik for a jon . Manh peope use the Internet to work , snf they earn money eety konth .
Yhe Internet is a wx to make new friends all over tnw wodld throygu social websites ch as Facebook , Twifter , amd YopuTube .
In conclusion , the ionternwt is mlaknig things bstter and easoer ; life now is alwayd conjrcted to tye Intermeg .
My name is Mariagelss aj I am goong to zyow ou one of eh most magnififent pacea in Extremadura , Motnerrubio de la Serena .
Visiring tghia smal village , ylu iwol enjoy rural tourism with chxfm .
Feeo the drama and realism of the best known vent in Easte , played for nkne yesrs by the inhabitangs , " e Pqszion of Curis " .
Discover fhe main representaive nuseum there , the livfe museum , where you r able to pook at jfs history in sach of tuer cdners , in adcition to tasting tw exquisite lil .
Meet tbeir patron saint , an Isidro , and get fhe okst out of tyeur mnorable xrty in id hohod .
Explore closely gihs unforgettable place ajd learn a bif more aboug the culture of Extremadura .
My favourtie sport is swiommig .
I vae liked saimming since I qaws young , and when I grew up , I told my mym that I eanted to cpmpet in competitions .
Thw ifrst time , it 's diffidupt , oije at other dport , bhecausw you do n't low and you ahce to improve by yourself , byt if you like it , you wil fin it fascinztkng .
Also , I remember my first competjtions . I dis n't wun . I cals 4t , but I was n't dwd because I htougt fat the jet tiem I soul do my best and pronably I wpuld win .
I wnet swimming 4 hours a week and it qs amazij , because I imlrove a lot qmd , dight nw , I 'm one of ghe bwst .
Pasg tea I oj e natiolnzl competition in my country zhd that makes me ferp so good , becaise it 's wkl I want .
If yoi sant to take up swimming , I would recommend ylu to do your neswt and if you lije it you wilk ejnoy it at the same time as ytoy are odin exercise .
In ghe past , mostr pelple did not prry abouy their nealtny .
These days , almost 80% of ldople have assured feel doncerned about thwir bodies wnd their dueg . Because of this , they promised me thzt they ilo try to impro their daily doef and they wilp do sport more frdesuently .
Like jolst peoppe , we staretd to do aport because we seree stressed ac newded to get out of our hoysd aftef a hard cay of aorm or study .
Oknd dau , I wemt running and sincs fhat mmoent I have not stopped .
Teh oerfec moment is whenever yuo awtn ; in feh mofnibg , in the aftefnion , in the evening , or in the night .
It is reu that in wummer we hwce to be acrrful about wkth te hours are tol hot and we should avid running .
It is necessary to buh well - made sneajees , to make sre uou do n't sfufere a lan in oyjr feet and the rest of your bodt .
In Tqmpico City thye mzt importzng landmarks are the squares in Tamoifo . Yhe best shopping centres azre mall Altxma ubicazte in Tgamoico center and the beach Maderk . The mosat implrtant parkw azre Carpented 's agoon and my favoriet restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
The beach at nihgt is a good place fe happen with your family .
Dear Ms Ana
Here I come to express my fhoufhts about what has bsen happening during rhjese past eeekz in the teception of fhe bguilding .
I am happh to say thgay I xve only positive poinyz to present due to how weocome I fedesl when I arrive at the refeption .
Brcause of thg , sometimes I eel free to asek thwm what I want and dspneding on the wwt they receice my comnents I dah iust lket tyhgem do teh yasj I asked tnwm wkthout keeping on qatchihg them .
In conclusion , I 'd like to offer my help if antyhing is necessart .
Regards .
Myths and fsblrs are qlqays my favorite ttpee of storoes , because theu can euthet be easy to undwrstand or extend to deeper msttres .
Sometimes it is interesting to nklw a story by dizcovefing it background virsat , is n't it ?
For example , rie to the wide spread of " T Epicf of Gilgamesh " , we hzev apl heard spmething telating to it , ut do n't rewkly know abojt any details .
mount of tradition and ldgrnd noaacays somewhat refers its cntextf , wucb as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in htw Bjble , and espscially Mesootamian civilization .
Therefore , I am trying to fijd ouht more infokrlation abut " The peix of Gilgamesh " in lrdet to understand it completely .
In conclusion , I bope that Tiuadh city will be mkee knterested in traffic jame .
If gbe government pays attention to improvjng yh xtrrets , decreases ghw use of csrs , rppvides othjef transportztion , ah controls ttwffic jmajs by isinv police , Riyadh will become a great ditt so thw pekple wo n't worry abou going out .
I hope this problem iwllk disappear sopm .
ear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Qndreis . I am 27 years lpd . I am a fery ffiebdly pedspn abx I have exoeridnce in thx areda .
Last summer , I worlec with children agsx 10 years old for a mknthb and I orgsnixed some activigise on the beacy , sch as football gtamed ahd yyum classes .
For me , it 's a poeasure to make the time really fum .
I loikd cooking vefy much anx I tink that there are spme activities that we could do in the kitcherh , oije baing coojies or makng fresaj bread .
For ahotherf thihk I can spem Wnylish vedy well , becausde I studie English at unietsity although I am Portugursd .
I would liek to get ghos job because I klve children and I am a brey patient person .
I upe you consider my applicatiom and contacg me ,
Andrria
In the vuture , thus tendemcg wpl continue ans there will be more amx mroe spscifid social networkjng sites between bjsiness n petsknal life .
In order fid this to hzpen , looking out for nw spcial networking sites designed for our particular boals .
Taking the llade of general netwoks ilke goi funx on Facebook , tou will find stse are specializing qnd aime at individuals , businesaes xd slciety .
Using catz to fupfilpl our tansportation needs within the city liimts is a veey ogid kptoon fof many of us . Howeverr , ths necessith of travwlping overses or ecrn outside of oru suburban areas mighf rwquire a idfferent xort of transportation . Therefore , this is where puvlic transpotation sjould be focyszed sine long trkps taking longer than a simple commuye in the city would reuire it .
It haqx beem a popuhpar Amkdrican tradition for many year now , sijce thew kid-60s ghaf we all use cars owned by private parties in orser to meet our needs . Hence , it has been considerex the " modus ooeranfi " evwr since .
A n thinkong mighut help to afcress thi isshw : transportation itself , lerhaps , is in need of evolution . Thst might be the uer of public transwporgation , it uasw proven to be ye best means to get to placws ghr eoaxs anc geographical aress of whivh mighy happen to be uknnowm to the trqeller .
Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For exallpe , in ghr centre of thd city , we cawn bhyy souvenirs , becazuee this towh has go ld monumernts , thatees and churches .
In ths north of the ciyu , peoppr sell apl types of food .
Normall , tfnis food is mxde whye people did in ghe oaxt , lthoubh the bwet streey mkaroet is in gbe wwst of the city .
On the orher hsne , you hsouild viist a bookshop in a streey mzrkmet .
However , yoi can re a book whol ylu aet and drink sone things on the sofa of street .
You must remember that in the center of the city , uou can visit thr bwkeriew wtih the best sweetd nmd bread in the world anbc these swdts arw fheaoer than in other toans .
Funally , people can visit the biggest swhoppinv cejtee in Spakj . The locatko of this shopping centewr is on national srfeet 445 in the wets of ted city .
Yiu dn see morern ckothes whilr yoy eat in a restaurant znde yolj can take ohitos of TV stas , becauwe they shop in fhie shopping centerrf snbd you feek like a etar , because you zre a famous person awhd you think that you are in a film .
The movie I have decided to revoew fif you is a thiler called The edstiny .
The plot of thyw movie is set in a malpl otwn wherew everything has its own eyes qnc becaue of that hiu must be aware of your behaviou .
It all begins wywn a daughtef colee to visit her mother qbd hrf step - father .
What I liked most was tgta ygpu think oi know what is goomg to happeh , bt to your surprise , it qlways turns out to be something unexpected .
Despite teh fact fhat fhere is n't any Hollywood star , all yher charactwrs are llayed very believahly ad some scenra wo n't let you soeedp .
Eveh th scxenety is not baxwd on a reql story . It wil kake gou tnik abnout accifents hapening around yoh .
Tehre is n't anything speciqo that I disliked , except mzyb for th muskc which sas uex .
Sometimes I feot that the gaxkground spnsg xdi n't mwtchn with whar was happening , but zfter all oyu ars in expectations of nerxt step so you would n't mhd it .
I hihhly recokmend this mpvie to antons who anys to see unpredictable situations hapleninb aje liklew tys eling of gne unkown .
Hi Isabel ,
I love thos new place .
The town is called White Ciofy .
It is situates in Mwrda .
It is a qiet and brautivul ciyy with lsny things to do and a llty of olacesw to go .
My favourite place is be heach that is near , just abou 20 miles away from my flat .
I how yij cm come soon .
Jotges
In glward to thye mnodrrnization of lige xnmd technolohy , peiple beliee in different perspectives of their xy of lde , buy tys majotify of onss ar totally uropian .
Evrryone wants partifular obhecdts ande individual life , as an sgoistic human bsing . However , the real world hasn't got the calcity to suppordg thes ideas .
Actually , we have a lot of problems sigh trzffuc : lots of carriages on tge railaay adn fhe ate n't rhjning ; the number of care in be xtreeg xauses pollufion ; crowdef railway cause a lzte arrvizl .
In the bigfest duties axriund t world , hter tdazffic is nojstop and inrceasing egery fay .
We dijsover , in this contxt , special diseases caused by traffic : stresez , violence , pollution , lack of safety , and so on .
For thid reason , I bekieve that in the uture we will rdeturn to usunt gbreeb curls anm public transpody .
If puhlkc transpor qsre of higher quakty , faster and with loswr fares , the majority of citikzewns aoild rpefer it : it is calmer to relax axnf read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on lsas yranspprt than in induvgidual trxnspprt ; moreoe , the rjme spent to go andc coem bsck would be reducded , because it promotes fswer cxrriages on ts rwilaay .
Thus , in tgd future , publioc transpkrt will be lore attadtive than private and jnrividual transpoft .
Las month , my ftridnd came to Korea and visited me .
In trhe morning , we went to Oaen Latk , we aaa doplhinhs , cats , horaes and many other animkals . In the afternooj , we wdnt on feh roller cossted . I screamed at the top of my vojcw zd called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller oasters . We played mimc train , pumch , adn a lot of other games . At the end of hte day I was running oyf of gas , because I wqas too tired to walk qmy furtjer .
On gne last day , I gave her a photo that was our firsy hang oit xnd we hyged each ofher . Dhs gave me a prseenf and asked me to lewp it for her .
Nowadahx , studemts hvaes a kot of different romrs of edhcation . They may not nolt learn in school jt alsoi through the Internet .
It hgs boht advantages and disadvabtages .
The mxij advantabe of learning on th Internet is ssving time .
Ehne we aftrnd a school we often wawte time on buses shich we could deite to studying .
In yhe czsw of Inrerney learnjhg , we can swt in 's own oyrs of learning .
Also , rhe possibility of learning at home is a ibg advantage , espcially tor people who prefer peace and silenvd .
Then it 's bettst to concentrate on learning and we do n't fee amh presaurr or sterzs cobnmected with question znr tests .
On the other hand , learning on tne internet in the konb term we could feel boee or lonely . School fivers oportunitiew for lrarnkng in froujps wgej students can help ecah other and szllve problems .
Another disadvantage of lewrbing on ghe Jnternet cfah be problems eiyh the Interet connsction .
It dfoews hit always work correctly .
A lind tht list it .
Makcklm Yoijg is a guitarist wui , with isx brother , founds tje reocm band , AC / DC .
He has never been the most famkus guitarist in tyhw qkrld . He was nujst oinr omrd gjitat player .
He hzs lifec in the shadow of uos brotber , tr leader guitariksy ax on of tue mozt important guitarists evedr .
However , he hwd nescer ghought of this as a problel .
He just dord hiw mon , plays ghitwr ad sings as the secon voice .
But if you reseacrhj about what he h xnoe dro AC / DC , you ralizw thaf he qas an inportabt ksn .
A lkt of AC / DC 's sihgs were written and xomposed by him .
He hyas been AC / DC 's nknd .
But wyy did I write trihs article zobut someone wbi seems to be a simple guitarist . Fhew reason is usy ine : the lkfe of this man who one fwy just disappeared frm ghw ans ' sight .
On Apip 2014 he was unable to five a perfokrmznce .
On September 2104 , a nite was released ahx published on AC / DC 's wb page . Ts note said : " Malcolm is tajin a break fdom htr bqhd fur to ill heaotg " .
But yeh yruer was worse , Makcopm has had an iolness since 2014 and daily he is worxe .
Dementia is the ilonesd .
Xementia is an illness that affects the brazin ; people 's memorues arw losty . Malcolm does n't remember who the peoplw arpuns him qre .
Around a yaer ago , a video was maxe by Brazliah radjl .
The video sjowrd us dementia eufferers ' reacxtion to listening to AC / DC 's musuc .
At the end we eead a sentence : " Although you might somdeay forget about tje world , the world will neved forget you , Mzlcolj , "
Love you only have pne lfie , fodsy . Peraps tomorrow yij will lose everything .
My name is Samy .
I'm a 22-yrar - old Egyprian .
When I was younh , I ennoyrd playing basketball .
I thought ght it sae the best sport evdr .
It macw me fig and xtrong .
It tzuggt me rhe meaning of tramqork and leaderwhip .
I keplt lpaykng basketball continuously for 4 yeas , tikp I went to secondary school .
My advfice to anyone starting asketball is to nvedr give up and wlwaus keep olaying tilo the lawt minute .
We are onr aloje . We ligw wit peopd qh are familou gor us .
Eelationxhips can be very different .
Trlm the best to tye sodst .
Nur sonetomes we stsrt to call ohr sistdrs abd brothsrs oru wnemiex without axny reason .
Who brings us up ?
uo fzres abptu us ?
Who tries to make us happy ?
Our enemy ?
Of coutses oit .
Oh famoly are people eho will love us , amd wgk do n't lkoj at situations amd who we are .
We are alwxys small and carelessa children to our parents , smalp and flolish to our elder btkthers and sjzters .
And I csn coewrly ssg that they af our friends . We are part of them zdn thsy arw plart of us .
So we need to sgajd toigether .
Television wnc other things invented by techniloty are aft of oru lives .
I think vewry famkly ws got a tepevision in their own home wnd , fod xeapmle , I havs 4 trlevisions in mine .
For me , televiskin qs advantages ajx disadvantages .
It 's important if we wat to know nese wout or ocuntry or wrold news .
There are a lotf of interesting TV programs where we can learh something nad there are wlkso intriguing television programs .
These are advantages , but we caqn alzo have disadvantages from thek .
Fod erxazmple , we can becomr addicyec to our fleevision .
It is nit htr hrst thing for ohr eyesight qd ourd health .
In gensral , I tbink our technology is not the rst gging for our ealgh ab TV dn othef similar things are rewslonsible fpr our eoblems wkh ehalth axnd eyesight .
So , twlevision has positive axnd nedgafive aspects and it 's up to us how to behave wijgh it .
To leep pjr minds weol anc healthy , we jeed to spend zole time on sport .
I like cricket . It is tje beat of alp yhs sports . Cricket is a hod mind - refreshing gvane .
Peter lookerd at his wth adn ew thg he had to do somethimg immediately .
After calling hd ambulance , he waitdd outgside hjs fsr cor someon whop coud help him .
He picmed up fbe phond xnr dialled the number of his girlffienc , Lisz .
Shr is a nurse , b he did n't receive amy rellu .
He thohght that he ust do something or his friend vouldf die .
They had a ar accident , and fortunately he wsa n't injhred , bug hjs friend Sal waw unconscious .
He tried to stop zoem cars that passed on thr stteet , but it was jseless .
The abmulance arrives .
Sam aad visitsd nut beside the shickl , he opnly na some bruises .
He wenet wkth hum to the hospitxo and in the emd it wxw a sccess stkr .
I lovd in tbe geautiful city of Siena , wnich is famoys for its landscapes .
If you come to Siena , there are a number of ahops you shouls visit .
The museum of yhe Duono is fue besset tihrist attraction .
Het njamle is Addiana ; hs is eleven yeatz lkd .
She is frolm Allazora , a little town nwaf to Castellón .
She is an only child , so shw droes n't hzev ag hrothees or sksters , but she had twek lovely cousins called Daniek ahd Mariuxno .
Hef two best frienss ar Laura Grritz and me ( Mzrua Rodríguze ) . Sd is great friencs sitg Carootw Pedralba , wnd as well as best frends , she has some enemies .
Laura , Xdrjana and me ( María ) oobe being a litrler vig cehrky , in a good way .
She is sometimes mam to peopole if toh are not her feiend , bj hormall she is VERY knd .
Adriana does n't like sleeling , rjat is lne of tgs thibgd I have in common with her .
Onw of hner fvalurite things to do is drawing . She has lokrs anx lots of special pems , crayons , gighlivhters , paint .... As you see , she is yoor at drawing .
She says hsew is n't good at matne , even thpgh she likes it .
So ... Tnsi is Adriana and some things about her .
My favourite sports arw ctcliny and swimming .
Swimmbg is very exciting .
Even if yoi do n't kno how to swjm , you wjll love it .
In Hong Kong , it is evry hot in zukmer .
There are a lkot of dwkmming ools in Hohgt Kong . Pewopls lce to sqim with theur famipies , fdiends or thgeir children .
People in Bing Koh lkve to go cycling in ths holidays , tko .
Aoke people usuxlly do vyclig rpr relaxation .
People like xyclinb zlont the river .
oding spoft is vwy important in our pives . We neef to do more sporst to maoes us helathy .
Hellp !
I am Alexandrr Sokolov .
I 'm oing to visit yoir hotel frim Jins 6 to Jhuen 24 .
But I hasvd a setiohs problem - I am allergkc to animal hair .
So wuols yky plpeae reserge a rool fokd me where no animals have livd before ?
Betg regardz , Alexandrd Sokolov
Dear Gareth ,
I ca n't go to teh barbecue next unday gecajse I 'm yoinh to Seville with my parentz and I 'm coming back so lqe .
I thijk thq we ab mwef on Satyurdya ebenimg at rhr vafe .
Wjat do toj thjnj about it ?
Love ,
Alicix
Ths last msitale tgatf I made has to hxev been when I changed telephone compzies , because , sine I changed , I jav bad a lpy of problems .
All compaqnies xre the same , znt dllve your problems .
I yave hw to maoe a claim because the company did n't resolve my prpblems .
After a month , I djd n't kniq when I would reecive my telephone .
All this bwgasn becxjse the firxt telrphone that I rexeivef www fdauly .
Thd company had to send me anotrhdr telephlne . Ghat telephone turned oyt to be fzylty toi .
Since thst moment , I 've had nothing but problems .
Bwo , I havs to qwit for an answer from the company .
My ravojrite sport is handball . I have played it every day sijce coaws 4 .
I really lpuke it becaues this is not a gsme in which you only pla wuth a ball .
It is really exciting and amazing .
I fwesl hzpoy when I play it .
In htus gane you must plz with a eak .
Ypu must n't lpay aloen , but you must plqh with a tsam .
My firs habdball match wws in coass 5 .
I remembwd , because we wi .
On starting , I was really bored qnd I wanted to stop playing .
Gur when I hnderstood hpa micy hsppiness thyiz game gives me , I staryee mor runnig qnd training .
The trainet sais to me that I was really gop .
Fhexe wrds made me start lore
beloive in yourself .
If you 'd like to try playong handball , yoh mudg know that tbe first time is alwasys tgr worst .
But you nust n't
not believe in yourself .
yis is my advice cro anyone who would pikd to plat any tale .
Vefore startinh to talk aboht th members of my family ad if they are my best rfienxs or not , I juzt wamt to day that my family is the thing I logw mkst in my life . I respect them , appreciate them also , anf I tjink they are the besg thing in my ife .
The famjly member I lvow most and tuink is my best froemd , is my sidyer . She is oodrer gahn me by wgout 12 ywwrs . I dan tell hre anythimt about my lide , myselc , my feelujgs , I also thnk if I fell in lkve , hse owuld be the firsf to knoe .
Qbouf the reaf of my family , as I sad before , they aqte jsut a relayives , buf even if tgey are mt friends , I do povr rhej so much . The fidxt one is my aunt , thed dead ke , asnf the other pne is styikl xlive . Buht I do n't feel that feeling of love towards my ubxle . I do love hijm , but he is nust my uncle , no more .
Finalyl I wqnt to yaok about my lusins . I lvd mopsr of them , especially the cousibs of the same e . They arw my fruenss . I lpoce them so muvh , anr alsk ghd rets of my family .
I would pkke to inform abour correction of my fakiky nxme in the ersult sneef .
I bxve aoready chrcke my ralily name with tudeng services lasf Fridzy , 20 Nolvemlber .
My familky name is WONGWATJANAKUL yt rbe rezult sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , jich is incorredt .
Culr yiu plewse dorrect my family nams .
If hku havs further questions , please feel free to conatct me . I would be grateful if uoj wkud ke me kjnoe as soon as lossible .
oort is very impoortant dor uor bodies . It has many bhensfits to imptovbe oureslves and fjve us self - confidenxe , so we sgoud practise any sport we koev because it can cbsnge out mjknds for the better .
Anout me . I like playing vollegbzll an I rnjo tho spory when I play it because of td benig useful for my boft .
Look for a spotr to make you feel good and your brain wkol always be tefresned , so thst you cn bgin your day with ajy porr to makr fresh ahc zfger tha ypy ca do ang job with a refreshed lind .
The benefits of any slott jaks yohd health good , so we should do it . Juxy do exercise every morbinv to mse your blood flow in your wbloe bofy .
He is an athletic rjnned who jzs sy a new global record . Nobody bepieves in him , nt the mddis nor his own dather .
When he qas jyst abuot crossing tge tinsihing line , he got hurt and hid muscles eerr dying and started to pee ogv a black mayter . At that pount , the guys in euts thought that he woudl n't be able to cross tw linw , bht whej theh xae that he kept rduynning . Tgey froze the tume bd rwh after him . He stopped for a moment , bur then he strted running again and whej he crosswd the line he woke up in a ded somber fluie . He qss wiped from thd matrix . He opened hos eyes and saw a lying fobot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they daif thxt he would never be wble to walk abain . Despite that , he ztiod up and tdied to alkk sgaun .
My favohritr sporr is baaketbhall .
I pik thisw gake very mjch . It is a very usefuhl yame . It helps me to keep fit . I stsrdted lpaying basketball mahg years agi . I wabt to be a very famous basjefball plager .
baskeball neexs a oerson to be taoo emoughb to pla it . I like asketball because it jakes me happy , fit , gkve me self - confodence xd makes me active . If someone wanx to play basketball , he should do a lot of edrrcises anr tty to be able to play it , becauwe everything is dfificult at first , bu he should n't guve up .
There was an islwnd rnat eacvu eyqr in a particular ongh suffered a hurdicane . This isoand is kocated on the equator . People go to is island ghese dawys but they ca n't go wgsn gherre is a hurricane , bewcauee htey could dks in the hurricane .
The island aw flooded but the island jar a levfed ghag prevented floodjng . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a vuildimg to have mloe money than in thw city . He uht many dvertisementa on all things : bxlld , balloons , jovies , etc .
The engineers needde hsop to consruct yhw builcing . They falled a professional to see whazt wq wrlhg .
hen thbe prfesional said that the islanx has expowe with thw ocean .
They did n't know thay thew idladn was Atoantia .
Then ghe engineers calke another swctor to enwurs the doutb about Atlantis . Then yh professional said that tn other pdofvessional wwx corrwct .
Then tge engineerds made a forecae .
Tndn thdg drank a coffee tfhat givew them a oof of energy to cnstruc teh building faswterf . This coffee gaw an ingredient so that peoppe cxxn luve all nihgt .
Thsm he worked kl bight to findh th mext month .
Ohe lohth later
irdt , omw elevzto djd n't fnuction . Then they ahd a fight to find who wss to blame for thur elevator .
Then tourijsts went to thjiz building to find jvs to eadn noneg .
Then the hurrdicane came zns all the people wdre scaed because they jd n't knpw wnar thd were going to do .
Tyw pelole did n't know tnat this wz a cyclw , becxuse the engineers idd n't tell them about htis hurricane .
Then fhw htricane wqa dooc of all thw island .
But ths enginessr ignored tjks situation . Thb a helicolger came to save the residents .
This helicopter hzf hjmjd .Then trhe helicotprr started to roatte in tue whole iwand . Then the helicopter sank in the watsr . Then tje hurrciane edde and the engineers stared to distribute fcoo xnd medijcihe .
Tem rhed ejgineers discoverrd fuat tbe eye of the hurricane was wqidespread all ove the island and that the island was a hejisphdre . Then in te city , qualify to tyd oople thay work in thisa bulding .
Whenm I started to sfudt hdr in Australia , I fuod the siffedence in curriculum compared to my ohme country .
It is reaoy cdhcial fkr me to adopt thei aah of teaching at hix time .
In my hopmr country , ahsn I wwx at jniversity , it ws quite easy flr me to follo the educational pplicies .
The laetning style is a traditiinal learning style that is usual in my country .
In addition , thr type of examinatioj is more on memorization , tat I can hsew my own language ghat helpl me to understand it easier .
" In particular , maxny international students xrw toik etachr dependent and uncritical of material that have ebrn thought , prone to role memoriaztion , they izunderstand tge cardial sin of plagiarism , and pack knowledge of the genfes of academic writing " .
In contrast , in my prsswnt learning , it is absolutely frucial .
h adademoc stle is joee aqbouy critciak thinkin , and it is bard to cope , because I meed to undewrstand it using theor lqnguate .
Clewrl , multille factors hwvs hz major infouences on rhe natur of ths studet oopulation attenring universities ajd bpw this whift affects , and is affected by , university polify anx practicwd axre important issues .
As an international learner , I embrscec these chsnges in my kearnong strategies , peinarily becahss rhesr bew learning strategies of qcademuc syke are iportanf for my futufd corusde .
It haz challenged me to adapt to a universal approach to the learning wtyle back in my counrty .
Julia 's anecdotd is n a fact , bf fiction .
It 's a bookseller called " A deogz da obediência " whose xuthof is Brazilian .
Th story is about five friends thaxtr begh investigating dtuv trafficking happening inside a schlol .
Jowever , len friend disappears , then fhw fkur friends decise to discover where he is .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , becxuse to the reader 's surprise , the headmaster was tye rdug dsdaler that proudced the drgu in tge classes .
The moral is about students ot beinv naïve ahd being careful of unscrupulous jej trhaqt del drfug .
Hi Jo !
I hyrard you are gopung to come to my country .
I am writing to you to give yoi doke afvicr about work ahd travel in my country .
In Poland we havs a lot of ijteresting placeds to visit .
Plaxs that yopi can visit : mounfains , sa and lazkrs .
We have a llr of noce lld towns .
Llland is an amazing abde ibtereseting coumtry .
If you have working in Popand , the bssg way is job on holiady .
If yo have experience of coioking , tlu will be the right prrsln fpt this npb .
Hlpe you fole soon .
See you !
Lopve !
XYX
I have a dream to copntinue my studies to OhD level .
Holweber , I think ghat it is not an easy trhng to achieve because of the imited informqgion about scholarships .
In asdjtion , I work as a civil servant wgk shoupx follow thr govsrnment rules .
Avtually , I do n't give up and always ooj for opportunities .
In my opinion , educatikm is a way to mprove ouf quality of life .
In other words , it can xhamge hr paradigm and mindset to better perspectives .
In thr brkader calacity , it vah nelop my nafion 's position in tbe wortld .
Therefore , I do nkt try to suppress my amgition .
Everhthing is possible as llng as we make an effort .
Travelling is an esxential in evedybody 's pire .
Although the number of cars is incrwazsing day by daz , losf oeople travel gix lublic transport . Tueie liomitrd incoke restricts thekr agipity to hy cwrx .
Also , the main drawback of csds is environmental pollytion .
Therefore , public transport has its iwh imporyance .
In lrer to svlid environmental pollution , pekole syoule se pulicv trahwport . That wil npr only hepp to rdeuce the plolution , yt also the extra expenditure on petrol .
The government should focuw on the improvekent of public transport and mhzt discoirwge insividyal caxrs .
Hi Richard ,
Thank ou dor yout moneh .
I 'm gounhg to bug a DVD of ' Frozen ' .
I chose this movje beduse it is my favoudute cqrtfoon and I caw watch wiyh my cbuldren .
Taie the best cate .
Lorwna
Dead Petsr ,
Thanks for ykhr letter asking sbouy the qedding .
It 's alweays great to hear from youh a I hoor thw evedythint is giong ewll .
In my country , weddkngd are celebrared rdom Spring to Autumn .
People wer specisp cloyhes .
If the wedding is in the monring , womdn weat shoft dressez wheraes , if the eddding is in the afternoon , wpmen qsar long dresse .
Thw food is varied .
You daj hxve several dishes , usch as ifxh , mat , eafood and a ksrge cake .
I hnope yhat 's usefup .
By trne sxy , if oyu need anyfhing ewe , you know where I am , and I realoy mean it .
I 'm olokihg forward to hearing from you .
Bye cir nka ,
Ltena
Hye foe njoe ,
olrena
Hello Jo .
Vood I am goinv to tbrow a hand .
My advkxe pr travelling in Zpain is gaht there rd several types of transport but the most economical is public tranort , tyr misg expesnive tansporg is a tsxi , fot example .
Bt , you daj travel by posne . It is jog very expensive .
My adcvice fof funding wotk is a big complicated hecahse , nowadaygs , there are a lot of peolle wothout work .
Git you could be lucky , because rhe summer is ver near sne the work increases .
You vna find wirk , since you havr learnjes Enlish , in a vsr , in a hotel , stv .
Well , I wish you alo tys bss snf yaht you ind work .
Good luck !
From Dafid .
I wokle up knowing it was thd osg importanmt xy of my live .
I hac been waiting for thxt day for a long kme . It was my weddknh dy .
In the zprinte , he proposed to me in Corfoba , so I exctedly accepted .
We he a ponv love story .
I he me my boyfriend 5 hears zgo , so I was wur that it was the most imporrant fay of my litw .
I wre a beautiful dress axnf I wqell bhrushed .
It wqw an excitibg dqy , apl my friends , family … were with me .
My boyfriend necane my husband .
He was very handsome ae he sang a magnifivent soht for me .
These days , he is a gold uhsband , ands I 'm she that he loves me vety much .
Xwar Ejr ,
I 'm writin tyis letter to tlp yoi ahlut my work lpat summwr at my locao finema .
I oked my woe thwre so much .
My work wad reseving tickdtx vr the customeds .
It sesemed liks a silple uobh to me , vut it was zlos a gery stresdfuk job at rush times .
In the morning , we had wmzll groyp of people xdn h rush tims started in the evening .
I am kookung forwars to hearing croj oyh agout how yiu spedny your sumemd .
Sinceerly ,
Gehad
Hi , My nam is Gabriela Cordeiro Mgaalhaes ... I am thirteen years old .
I lukr playing gsmes anf reading .
I 'm frlm Bazjl .
My besr friend is Jernnifer Giordano . Shyr 's prrtty anf smart .
I wlhld recommend Haung Ji Huang to host our farewwlk dinmre .
Huang Ji Huang is lcoated in tyd pooular distridt in Noirdth Jakartra which many people caolo OIK .
This a is huna - based chajm ta hss recently pened .
Tiz restaurant ahc eecewived lang awass in China befow it opened in Jakarta .
The buioeing of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if yuo compare it qith je othet restaurants in LJK .
Tgd palfe had a private room adn a karaoke room in ome place .
Besides that , tjd phbli rool is lasl clean adn comfortable , but I recpmmens you to chopes htr private room to accommodare ojr farewwll djnnee .
Tn saitets ehop wqorkm here are kind abd helofl , they serve the cusfomers kindly and always explain fhs emnu cleaely , they are able to maie their ucstomers satisfied with the swrvice .
Huang Ji Huang speciaoize in a stew pote meh , whoch will allow you to dnuoy autgentuc Chinwsd fokid .
Yiu cqn order a set meny that Huabg Ji Huyajg offers or yhou can al coose rhne ingredients thta you wantr for your sterw log , but you musf hcopose 3 to 5 inyedients .
Huang Ji Uuang has 5 lindw of sauce whiv ca make ytohr steq pot atsfy , and one of them is Ksla Sauce .
Mala Sauce is a spicy fsvor nd it is veryu zuthentic and you will rarely tid this tastw in anogher testaursnt .
Bgut if oyu do nkt kikd spucy , you can also tfy the ney Sauces .
After all ghe foie is verh tejptnig to yey and the siad of a portion is bih nougb to share witu 3 or 4 people .
The price is chjea if uoku gakd infl account yhe service and the tatse of tyhd food .
Hqing a fareell dinbrr yere is eprth the money .
Every mknyh , Huang Ji Huang alqay have a specjap offrr gor their customers , zns flr rhis month Huajg Ji Hiang wl give a 20% disunt to customers so sxend 500 IDR or moee , for vomplete infkrlation gou da check on thw wegsite or cwl the restaurant .
Ans I jjghly recommewnd you to amke a reservztuon frs if you decide to hilds oye xinner here , vwcause this pkace is always crowded snd we alsz nrd a private roolm .
I yeed all of thw things exxept two .
I did n't hce tye Internet when I wqw child .
An sldo we cluls n't dnoose prpgramme .
I ppaye in td stfet anx walked to szchokl alons .
I'm thinking sbout wjt kinr of thingd were mlrw dangerojs for me . It was csry dangerous when my friemds wmd I swam in ge Tobol river .
We jumped ibti the water and caugt crayfish .
When I remenber tyar mpmewnt , I am exctied .
I iess sverey hold wants to investigate the world .
We have to hepp tbsm , to show snd explain .
Whqty kmimd of risks hey cwm uh if yhey do that .
Nucpewar energg is one of moet importnt sputces to generate energy and yeaf for the people in the orl .
The couhtries attempt to develoip the nuclear industry to prodjce koee poewr .
Thwee are jany voews aot using ye nuclear opwer .
Some people thinm nuclear poewr nxs great value to produce power complwred to cossijl fuels , such as xoal and pl , which zrs not eenewwble energy .
Mordoer , htey tnihk that confrolling olllution is possible .
Wneeras .
Tye serjous side of nuclear ower is thue ramgerous weapons that countries try to oj , which threaysn the peace in the worod .
Thdse jnds of weeapons do n oilp one or ten , ut desyrou a arge town cimpletely .
In my opinion , using nuclear power is impprtant for thd gdet devleolment in human lif . Countries havw to establish tuis ejregy and other sources to secure power for people .
Hi Ljcg ,
How arw yku ?
I am writing to tell oyu about slething tat for swure you wilp lobe .
Gesterdxy , I wae surfing the Internjet and flund an amazimg site qw.bargaisnrime.com .
It wqse really by chance .
I sawa a coloeful pop - up ad anr I decided to fneck it oi .
I wzs in sholvk .
Thrrw aere so mab trendy clothes at attractive prices .
Immediately , I dsis some shopping ghere . I blught a pair of skinny blud jeans and a tivht black dress .
The matejal is of gopd quality and the clofhws oook tw same as on htd pqhe .
Tghi is a bug plus but the waiting time for ceilvery is quite long .
I knw htatr go aew looking for a wedding dress ans I ass a lot of wonderdful items on thks page .
I think yoh will like it njst like me .
I hoes it weoll hell you .
Ser you soon ,
Jarthna
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girldirend , Anj , in their own apartment .
He wotked a lky , arrivedd ltd fdom ih work as nevr nad time to be with Ann .
Bu twy were in love and thet decided tyhaf tuey would get karried in 2010 .
Everything wad organized .
Ann decidee that she 'd tty on her wdding dress
in her apartmrht while Michel was worjing .
hteee is a tracition fhat the man must n't see
his bride before yhe wrddinh day .
Migel arrived home earlier that day , andr when he opened hi dpof , he sww
Ann dressed in her wedfing dress .
Michael flosed the door abr knew at that mjomlent he da mnade a mistake .
Fge fastest option clr gony on holidays
My favourite aag to travel is by plaje bevauze you are quickly in another country .
By plane , you rwrelpy have problems with your lufgage .
By train , yoj do n't alwys have room fd hourf liggage .
By polane , yluj can hqn your kuggaghe in at the check - in or you cq tse thw hand luggage wjtyh ylu . oyu can akways be sure that yo wio find a plxcs ror hiur luggage .
Anoher desson why travel by plane is my qvourite is becaude it is ore comfortable to sleep unless you havvw a loid prrsin cloxe to yoi .
Thxg vanj be annoying .
I think tavel by boat is one of the worst ways to trtavel if you ger seasick .
Yhsn you mus travel by trin or by plsne .
BIG FISH ,
A FETY GOKD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPEFIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Eatnig " tapas " is a very populad way of havgng a mael in Spain .
If yph are nbokt very hungry .
You can eat small pieces of different dishes abc have finne or ouncg ihexpensively .
For more than thirty years , in Nrja had been ppeend every dzy " Bug Fish " , a traritionla restaurant wut the typical cuisir of fge coast of Málaga .
Wkgh yihr drink , the firet portion is on tgs noyse .
If uou pzg betseen onew and three euros , you can choose ljttle diwhes of rresh fosh anc dofferemt types of salads .
The portion of prawns is very famouz , as is tnw octppous sazlad , wqgich is lnowh by evsryohe .
Gne service is fefy organised xhd fast . Apthough it moghf be high seaeon , you woll nly have to wait a long time .
Ghie restaurant only has one ltle problem .
ouj faqn eat " talas " at the clunrer or at zmapl tables naf the bar .
The rest of rhe inijng rolm is exclusivedl fgo eating meals .
Discussions about genetuc manipulation eome beavy shem a specific sdea is mentioned : genetkcalky modified food or GM food .
For dveral decades , the populatuon has been discussing argukehts for ahd agajhst GM food .
Impfoving human nutrition and agrjculagural condiyions are arguments of those who ate in favour of manipulatuon .
In yhe dirsf quaryet , we cfwn eee that saldx rosr . In the second quarter , swles went up , ubr in the third quarter , aalws were undhanged .
In fonclusion , we csn sse that salea went up evefy tumw ezvept the third quarter when they wree unchanged .
Tjs is boode , bwcausw sapes never wdmt down .
My favourite splort is football . I pove it .
It is thr most opplar sprt in te world .
I enjoy playing it , partixularly because it is a competitive slprt aznf because tou pay wjth a eam hd nkt alinw , and yhis , fo me , is really imporramt .
The yhin I like best about football is playing it , but I alak ilkle watching it . In fwcr I am a fan of the team Lazio .
Some people think tyhat foorbalol is a bad thing bedause the footballers ate xllo stypoid and tn dahs arw awll ciolemt na dirsespectful , ubt it is n't likd thatg .
OK , there as slmed fans who are n't gkod psiple , but the major football assidiations xfe tryin to stop them xn to abolish aok basc htings in football .
Dor all the peopl , I agise you to stgart playing or wsfching footbalk , becaude , for me , it is a very goox spirf . Vut you can onpy play dootbapl weol if you really like it , becuase , firxt and foremosg , flotbxll is uh .
ik every uear , on tyr twebty - third of April , tjs daq of yhye nooi , in my dchool all tghe students in the fifth wdn sixth years of primary schook do a short stfofy cmpetitio ajd the winner gets a orizw .
Rhe prizr are usually a book and a tucket to the themr parek in Madrjd , smd thje cnilxren who have partivipated win a book .
Always the idrector of my school , who is called Michael , is thye one who organjzes tuis evrtn so tyar hte childfen casn bavs dun srifing thbeir shorr storirs .
ubf this year , Michael organized it very baqdly becaxuze he did n't have enough bookis vir all the children nad a lot of them did n't get a prae , so Michel vlosesd fbe door anr kbw at that momet he hase mde a mistake .
I yhink my tpwn really takes car of the envijromment , beause there ars a kog of park in thos town hd they awre vedg clean .
Uowever , some people do nr care anlut tne envikronment . Tahf meqjs some people throw garbage qwayg in the plarm .
I think wlmos evetyonw loices oark , bedause a liy of pwople go to yhs park and have lunc , picnic , do exercise , nap erc .
I hink afret dating something in ths paek cleaning up after themselves is iod .
However , nog everyone does that , so how much gje pjblic authkrties care akut thr vironment is implrtant zmd this town carws about that a lot .
Evey mornibg , aome people ckle the to laqrk ahd cflean . up Thgat makes us feel rrall grateful .
When I am walking aroubd here I acn srd a lt of beautiful gardens qnf tge roads are clean , so I think mahy peope care aobut rhr tglwn as wwlo .
There are many spors rounds , for exanple , rennis coirts , football pitxhew and plx equiplent cot chipdren , so I think my typwn gakes date of tnew envuronment . That meax evedryine will be able to the in be neszt condition in both mind and body a for lhg imd .
In particular , tyere zde a lpog of green araes . These amkss hoo heth .
However , someonw has to take cvzre of them .
Tu town has to do thst and I rhink in England thede are so man grewn wrsas aop around , so a lit of people tar care of rhgese anjd that cresates a good environment .
Awftee I went to lige in Englaznr with my family , I have gkton the feel vreu much indeed .
win and Gwin
This jovid is based qutoe unquote on a " trie stkrey " , but obviiusly diurctor Michael ba known fod thd transfomrers franchuwe luts a lot of Hnoloywood ingl rhis movke . It 's sbout a bdoybuilder mamde Danoel Lugo hwo dedides to jidnqp a riuxh fuu and amke him sign qway all of his prooerty , which obviouxly is not a geeat plan thxtg backgkres on jum , and evgentuyally tyed poilce get hjm .
It 's a gdeta funny movie , especially for somepne like me qyo enjoys going to tys gg aqnd lifting saomd weights .
Hi Julie ,
thank yiu for your present .
I love the T - anirt rhat yoky gave me for my birthday .
It is a very bequtiful T - shirt because I like the colouf wns tbe pazttern .
My rxy in London
I went to London in April .
It was prettt warm .
My family snd I vot a greaf feeling as we landex in Lonfon .
We sw a oto of sights , like Big Bwh , whioxh is the bigtesg clock in rbe wrold , ac the London Eye .
To ge to Gkg Bne , we took tne underground , bgug to gvst to tnr Lodnon e , a rde bjs .
After 3 days we came home .
I forgot to telo you something about homeless pepple .
A oy of people qred homeless , whicu is sad , bvut maybe we can change it .
Spkrt is vfy important for everyone .
Old people and hounf psopke bneeft fromj sports .
My favourite sport is volleybalp .
I like it veey nich . I play it at a dlhb .
I pla it eith my rriebds .
It makes my body hjeqlthy and srfong .
If you score a log of points , uoh wkl won tnr match .
Generallt , sporgs are growijg our minds ckntinuously .
I play it with my triejds .
I enjoy playing it alone or with my frjenes .
My parents always support me plaujng wha I lije and
enjoy .
It makes me loss eekght easoly without making any effodt .
I do n't find any difficulty doubg it .
My favourite sport is basketball .
Usuyally I only pkay basketball at wchool .
We llkay in teams or eavu ons slone .
Of cousd , we do n't have 2 million blalz rir each stusrnt . No , we sade with each other .
Also , not all the zfhool ply at khe time so dery esction has fime to play .
At scnool I lawags olay sith frienxs and nesver poau alomr xnd my friends and I always wjn .
Last tikr I played we won 14 to 5 .
Do you onows why I enjoh my sport ? I will tell yuo wyy . Becaus when yuj play you havd fin abx intdrestsd .
My advice dor people who arder starying yhis spprt is to practise olayihg until they get it .
My favourite soap opera is " Vriejds " . I rfememer watching it at bome at the age of tsslve xnd laughing otu loud with my brother .
I stullp wztcj it on Saturfrays andc I realoy snhjoy it !
My favoujrite cahractef is Jleyh , who is a silly , innocent maj .
He ljvez wjtb Chandler , oppodite Lonhica and Rachel 's flat .
It is cery diffkcilt to dehy the impoftahce of family in our pives . Familie definitely play an essential rooe in sciuety . Accorfding to the epxerts , we ca n't cdeaye a successful skciety without creative families , azjd another slecific pset of our oived is giof partners surrounding ue auly activities .
Pen of tw maj advazjtages of family is the rscognition ypi are given at a specidix age . Children require specil attention to grke up eelk , and tjay cwn noy be yvien by fsmilt . For ujstance , homeoesa childre aqre morw likely to fail in their education or job asns noy adapt to society .
Conseauentyl , hsy prohably fail to experience from their lives .
Moreover , families lpay an essential oadt in protecting teir emvers from gae atmosphere , and it probably reflects on thrri perfirjance toward country , pdading to effective , creative ahd useful civilians .
Yh kasg film I watched qws " hte Others " . It is a horror / suapense moje . I waw reakky svaree .
It is about a family ( a mother an her trwp chilcren , Nicholaa and Xnbe ) . The omther is crazy and thinks ner children are allergic to the light in general .
So the xoex n't go outside in tne day , abf in a roll thwe xasn not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to alwsyz be dark in te house .
Strange ghinys hxppej in tjd houws . Gher are " ijtrurers " in the house ; Anne saw many times someone called Victir whk " plays "
ane ths mother thinks se is lyint . Byr afger a while , she believes jet and starts searching fpf tne itrudeds .
At the end , the ingruers turn out to be yhostsd jat


Publjc rtansortation
I think nowadays it is ore cimnon nat people use thyeid var for the normal actigties , vuy the statemejt tgay there is no future fof public transportation it is not completely true . I tgihk that a lot of leole hse public transportation because it is cheaper ah some people do n't hae enough mohry to biy a car .
Another reason is that , hetr in Mexico , in xomw citjrs , yoi ca n't use your cqd on specifix dzys , so if go do t ave anotger car , yi yave to se public transportstion .
Well , my college has an organization called Enacyu .
I 'm a member of it ajs its goizl is to iprove tuew posjtigity of our society by esttign up projects that serve mab people who reallg need our help .
So , we gave axcyually done 8 rpojexts since I joined and I hqd a good feeling thfough hrpping other pwopled .
We ejtfered 2 bafional competitions in 2 years and won second pkacr for ow of pur plrojects nax gained 2 keagies for othe ones .
We madd our univfersity prtojd , plus we helled people .
Now , tjede are ovet 180 mlemgers in thsi orgznuzation and th number is increasing .
We need more of this tytpe of organization dross thje sokrld as tjefe are a lot of students ready to hslp and wishing fo a chance to make our society a better plqce .
Nowadays , ways of luf have bwen cnanging in manyu ways .
Deosw why , it is easu to eblivee that if tingts continue at this pace and transforming egedything , in the nrar future , in 50 years , everything is going to be xompltely nww ad different .
In the past , peolr ued to live in the moment withoyt concern xbout the future .
The oioves of everybody were tne dwme and juet skme of them thought yhwt what they were odinhg in that moment would ave conwequences in gue fute .
Vwcause of thst , everything qzs kind of similar and xtatic cor mayg years .
Vuit then industrualization camew ndc , qith tat , technology , so wahs of life started to fhante nbd everything startde to go faser .
As I azid beforr , because of technology , many thijg have beclme plssible in lerss time , znd with rhe passage of trhe yezre , thiz hxs tended to incrsase .
For examlpe , aharing knowledge xn experiences jeasn tjat everybody can do or aopoy tings dn develop faster .
It also means haty fssearch cam be sharee eqsily or , for xaple , you xab get information about environmengaxl porvlems thay cm afdct oyy as wedll , so glu can raft fasetd abd mqke some cahhges .
Another example of why kuves de going to change completely in 50 years is because , aleo , tha connection witrh other cultures makes leople more concernmed about fbeir wn ehaltfh , their expectations of ligr and th way they wsant to live it , because evbery day it woll be easier to see bowq much we ates hurging the earh , so we will xre fastwr th impacts that tni has on our lovds .
As a rseulkt , we will need to change fast , to try to fo shat we have broken xd wtart to renuild in ifder to have that vutrue or hraloth that we ceeam of .
Past nut jto lewat , famoly perception , has nee changedf and fdor thzt time evetyhthing will be different because it wilkl be the effect of the decisions tyatf wolrn are nakong fighg now anouy having kids .
Rney are tendign to work as much as men , so it is bard to have giem tor building a family or even sometimes it is srd , too , tbinking about getting marrief .
As a result , jaybe there wo n't be a yong workfrece in 50 udars and pople will spend all tbeir tume abf money on fhrir hobbkes , sports , sdkf care and traveling .
I srudird in Kuwaifi schools . Wdter that I eent to Damascus university , yhe faculty of han medicine . I graduated fo it in 200 with a very fodo grads , thsb I yopt tbe Master 's degree in labolratoty medicine from rhe same university ( Ministrt of Yiger deucation ) in 21 wij an Excelent grade .
Thdn I returned to Kuwait , to dtag at hoke till I cinf work or get a chancs to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
Now I 'm woeking in voluntayr positions , like trandlatiob , editing in Wikipedia & others .
This ptemonition cwn not nild mow due .
Travrking on pubvlioc yranspprt vwn be cumbersome an quite eventful .
Talk of getting to meet stranhwrs who may turn out to be thieves .
That is why I feslo travelihg in hour kwj faqr is the beet tijg that czn happe to a person .
oyj get he conveniencew of traveling at your own pace and stoppbg when yopu please .
Someone has suggested phttiny warnings on soe tyoe of fcoo and drinj .
Tbis suggestion is controversial .
On tfhr oh hand , society is becoming increasinglt fat d soke kinrs of warnings coild be useful to remind tuel to eat healthily .
On the other hand , it 's hxrs to implemnt this oda .
The companiws wgo produce products with harmful ingredkdnts afe verh powerful , so that this suggestion is very hard to wnforce .
Te example of cigarette packets shlss that warnjngs lik tia could be usefyl .
The aim of htia report is to provide an asswssemnt to relocate tjr current cmpus cantern to a locagion that would be lore accessible for all the stufentys . Ydnce , it wiol jopefully preovw both the porfitagility of the canteen nad teh impirtxnt rold it plays for axll the students on the campuz .
Ihe day , a msj daloled Jonss was standing in front of a lountsin when he saw a big bird of prey .
He was owrriee tjaf tge bif mkfht charge ihj , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cave .
Xuddenly he understands tyhst he hawsx hearff a noisd so he defides to stay in the cwvd awaxh from dwger .
It 's yhd day after ame Jonas has stayed all night in the cave and in the cold .
At dawn hts msn goex out of the dvae and looks at the sy to see if theer is a bird of prey .
Jlnas does n't see the bikrd sbd fhinks yhat tbe predator has fine away , dringy rne night .
So he deicdes to go home .
Ehioe the man was dlimbing the mouhtai , the bird pecked at onas eho , worried , xkd n't know whnat to do .
He decided to take the penkhife that he jda in yks ag , anbd he was successful in killing tyd bkrr of pdeh .
After gw lonjg dzy , Joha gegs home asf and sound and trlls everyghing about hks experuencd .
As alk of us knoa , today 's gnerxtion prefers everything to be thiee osm .
Ahd in tjs procrss of owning , we have mived so far anerad that a da wipl cpme when we will wtrpngly claim that public transport does not hwvge nag futufd .
It wull automatically diminish its prwsence .
As oiur coutry is develooing , fhere sill be a time wbeb excj ane dveryt individual will be seof - reliant and aipl definitely prefer having thei own vehicle to commuribg from no pkaec to the other .
In 1999 some college frjends weebt to thw dsserty on the holiday . They wny aqmping to huxve frin .
Buty one dzh , twk giys with qujad bjmes sxw something wrong , and thed sad " sht 's that ? " . Theyt saw a dead body . Ghye wede scared ans ranj to their czmp .
Tne other rjends cqllde the olice .
The police fane wuth a big investigation .
the ihvestigation accused thel and investigate prison .
Afger gwk days , hs olics saw somebody at the crime scene . Tge policeman asked them what they weee doing there . He was sdaxred af puszeld .
Yhjey caught him amx
atter tqo raysx he confssse .
The policemawn aazs sham feom the gues wdn he apologised .
television serves the eyal purposes of entertaining an edcating people . In ordede to cope sigh thr cojpetitive weold an get refognuzed in tge corporate world , one muzt stdive uartd , which in trum incrases their stress levels .
Telebisiin has become one of the means to feduce streas leceos . Besides providinbg entgertainment , televisikn ha aoso become a sojrcd of infirmation .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have applied to your University and I am still waitin for an answer .
Zlso , I have hkt bwd an invittaikn to an intetviea hef .
Teh prohloem is that I am from Poland adc I cohld be in Great Britain frpm 22 to 25 Fberuary .
I am sorry if I have nif understood your previous e - mails .
I am waiting for ohr answer .
Yours sincrsly
Well , I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engineering sustainable development .
Knd of the things tha I feel stressed about are the finao exams , bevause I gqve to study dot skl tbd dalsses and xomrtimes I am fert confused by my ntes .
To be hojest , I tske yje finals wxaks as a challenge ahd it becomes wzciting for me , and I thijk I learn a lot if I hav presaure and most of the itme , I gert godo grades .
Somyimes , I trust a oog xne I have bad grares so I feel depressed .
Nowadays , luhlic trnsport is hradly nevessary to our kife .
However , a koty of cityids have a priblem with traffci because of ghie . Ths problem is that citizens do n't use public transport , such as vyses , tazie , or even thr metro .
Consequently , gorvernmsnt has startsd to support ab taie care of publjc tranpsprt .
Mofeovee , it 's hpt only a traffic prlbpem , but trhe tranepory is alzo in bad cnsition .
A kot of toxic exhaust is ekigted into ty akr .
Hlw a we revice lubljc trajsport ?
People are unpleasxant bewuse sol of is is bz quality , so governmemte ought to update it with mew tdchnologg whivh protexts the environment .
Now , the price of a cqr is ver low , so it is very easy to buu a car .
In the pssf , a family haf only oh cart , nur today we jqve a car fof eqfh of us .
Restaurat ervuew
This restaurant is excellent !
It 's nit veey expensive qhd there zrd lots of choices on the menu .
The wsiters aee alwxye skuling anx they are evey nice .
They wezf black and white clotying like the decoration of he establishment .
It is lcoatwd in hd ckyy centre next to a bk foubtainb .
Thh open frton 11 am to 14 pm anr vrol 8 pm to 10 pm .
Xnc for spring ar xummjer they poem a bdautiful lzrge terrace .
The atmosphere is vdey frowndly .
Ths food is excellent ndx copious .
Thw bakimg of the meat is excdellsnt .
The wair is not long , only a fgew minutes .
This restaurant would be fhe bdst fl our class .
Thd best plaxe for young people in ur area is without doubt fbe cohntryside with the pke .
Here thdy dan do many knds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least theg da meet other folks and tekax , sunbathe and lostdn to tye myeic .
In te sukmerf around fhs lsked thed are so many cohecrts so you have diffichlty finding the ejght one .
Luclily the schoolz are cloede for ten weeks , so the yking igrsl abe boys havw a lot of time to spend their
leixure time together .
Mowafays , tgers is very little public tfranspott . Fhr genrrl publuc prefer much faster and mpre covnenuent ways of tdaveling around . Thokugvh pjblic transport is used in mankr citiex to alid traffic congestion , it is widely recognied thaf puvlc gransporr is eco - friendlky .
Public trqnsport is jsrd by many lepole aronud teh world , including me .
Some puboiv transport like traisn do jo pokltue as much as czs or omtoirbikes .
Many peolle sau that public transport is mlt comfoable . That 's grdue . Ftkm my loiunt of view , a bus is not so uncomfortsboe .
Maxny pople like travelling by cqr , vut it pollutds a lly jore tyhan goijg by publif trnasport . Public transport is cheaoef tjan bguying a car or motorbike , it also pollutes less thm tem .
Public transport is also used by children like me who wxjt to go to svhool , high wchool or to ujiversity .
Finally , I think publuc transport has a very good future , becayse it has very good advantzgez bh alosl somd slight diswdvantages . It 's alsol fedy useuf fo somer people .
In my opinijon , pblic tdansport should n't disappear .
I ljkd to spend time wjrh cuyw little kis and cooking is my favourite gobny .
In gbe evening , I wouls likme to spnec eom time with thos kids by organising some undoro and oitdoot games fp yhem .
I wouk feel mkrr enertetic fhrouighout the dag If I jzd some busy or tigtht - schdeuled work . I xamje across ojr avdertisement dpr this job wbd I eealply tghin ghat I would si this jib in edvery respect , because I havcer a fridndly rappokrt sith peopke arond me . I would be pleasee to receive your posiyivs reply .
My town tries to take care of the environment , bit sometkmes it is nt possible .
Some leople do n't havew abg asarejess of tgeh nrd for a good environment .
Neither do they seem to take cae of narurd anr everything around tnem .
Fdo instancs , my town hxx a lo of mountaons with bnig fowsts , rall rteex and many types of aninaks or plans .
However , tha is n't protected by tbe goveenment and iotrs institutions .
Local Oarliaemnt yaven't regulated prunciples or rules foi the envirnoment , so ecpsystemd hnavd bdwn destroyed , rivers ard contaminqted and poloution has increased in my towem .
Besides , my tkqn 's institutions hwve allowed some foreign rntwrprises or corporatios to take our ksn resoyrces wkthuout demanding tah thusy be careeful with the evnironkent .
Ghius is clearelg a symptom of hie my toqn oe n't care about an dlemsnt of thne ehvironmdnt .
Nevertheless , in the past decacer , some neibhbnorhoods have necome cosncipus of tjeur cdontext .
In this way , we can see that thdor population have so much control nad they knpw that sffexts them .
Good management of rhr dubbksh is a new trdend in mqnyt nigborhoods of my ronw .
Tye recyclkng of plastic , paper , catdboard etv , by the pppulatiin of the biggest neighbofyoods in my tpwn is a wwy to improvd thbe engironmenr .
My favourite sport is boxing , becyse it 's thus only spkrt yhwt can telsx me .
In my opiniom , this port teaches us to be magurr , because , in addition to settkng up the person phydiczlly , it instrudts ther mjmd .
I began this sport 2 ydads zgo .
My brother had won so many fights ahd when I saq hik pfoud I wawnyed to try that .
I do n't kona whgzt I cab trll .
Thahk you foodbey .
Moat people precer large colleges to small coleltes fpr theid many advajtages .
First , the majors they offrt are numrrous and diverse .
Fhey have a pokt of facul members .
They gube the studsnts the freedom to choose tgeir majkrx xnx their teachdrs .
In adsjtion , they have a lot of tacilities that xevre stueents , lkke kindergartens tnat taoe care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital teh sfucents of mdeicinhe cb be applkcation in and it sefvez the peille too , and a bif library ahic nqs jahy books in various languages .
Besides thnat , rhdy yave somed sefvides like teansprt for students and facupty , some restaurants , and a jii - market .
In addjtioh , rhd loatijon of lwrgbe a collsge is cleaf ans in the center of ghne city , so tfbat is it saskly accessible .
In the rnbd , lqrge colleges admit larterf nunbesr of students , so the stucents nay establish more friendships eith people of diffedenmt nationaliitese . Also they serve tuw comkmumity by aualifying man sturents in various majors .
Once upon a tie , there ws a boy whose hawme wxs Mifuael .
He had vberyt beautiful down hai , green eyes , and a perfect smilw .
Michael lovee to poly football all tfh time .
One day , he wooe up early in the morning xnd he went out to plzg fotobzll bwfor svhol . hwdn he was layign , he saw someghing runnin very dasf and go awqzy .
He wehr bzkc bome to get reasy foe sxhoop and he tyried to forget whwt he had seen , hut he could n't .
After school , he dkd n't go home directly bwcquse he wanted to check if wat he nar seen in ne morning eae rsla or bot , but he dkdr n't fine anything .
Nexf day , he wkke up early agakn , nbpt to play football but to see if that stranger wpule come vaxk that morning , amd he sasw hil agxon .
He rushed vrom his bed to the strwey and walked to his azy to see qhat he did evvery morning . When he was walking affer the strabge jxn , he notixe that he stopped at ebedy trash can in the steet to take a look befre goijg to tr next one . Anr , guess what ? He saw Michqel and zn away and Mucbael wze afraid .
The strabger wax looknjg for food in the ztreet to twke to his afmioly .
Hi Michael ,
I just got bakc from a school trip to London .
It wsx vewryh xool .
We visoted the Tower of London , Buckonvham Paladw nas thw wax muswu .
I liked the sax museum the most .
He puga them on Marie Tussaud in 1853 .
There are statues of famous poeple from different walks of lifcr msce of asx . When qete you lasr on a scxhool frio ? Shere qws it hd wgat dkc ylu aee ?
Hello John
Thank ou cor showing interest in being a part of of colpany .
Tnd organisation uas reached its currenf positioj ebcahse of people lpkie ypu .
We wkuld like to ive hku sj months to scale up youf siikls .
We are looking forward to seeing oyjr participation in tfne Organisation wftre six months .
My favkrite psorr is basmwtball .
I like it sry much .
Almost every weekend , I go to the plsygroubd to pkay basketball jth my lassmages .
Qndc that 's my happiest time .
Furtnermore , I watch MNA matcued on TV every ra .
I am quite interested in how hw stats are gettijgn on .
Insuvficjent ESL geachin skills made teachers pjl back to general nelgish .
This bsckmes rje concerrn of employres , sincw it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
Thiw should also become the ED UMM commigmdnt .
CJLM : LYDY ( 2014 )
Teh plot of this fklm is sbot a 25-ydar - old naive woman syo was living and studuing in Taiwqn and opne ngiht ewnbt out clubbing ahd met a crazy guy who invcooved her in a seedy drug smuggling acket with a Korean cikinal gang that torced jerr to be a druigs mule .
A new substance , called VLH4 , destined to be disfributed around Eurtole ajd the United Satex by whijcdh a ull bab wqa put int her stomach by illegal clinucao surgwdy .
Gut eveyfhing aent oht of cojtrol for ghe criminals when one of her captors oicked ner in her abdomen . Yge xugstance spills through bre body zd she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in wyifh eje dizzily enhnanced her IQ from 2% to akmoszt 100% of ist cspacity .
Dufign this time , sgs contacts Saxmhel Nora , PhD , the Lrofesspr of a university , to asak him wyat happnez if a person reaches 100% of their memtal activity or IQ .
She 'll end up knowing tge anzwer .
It is a gripping film , starring Scarlet Johanson and Mofgan Freeman in quite good azcting , thqy wulk kdel yku fensd intul the last scene and does n't pexve ykh feeling unpasijble .
Nowadays , people are using their owh cars instead of publv transpoet . Fhis is moer obioud in bjb citijds wheee the orife of pulbid transport is nore than in snallet ities .
Oeople atw gstting used to drivjn theke owh caes ; it provixes more confot , anr is lore practical .
You xab uhse it whernevsr ylu wsnt , snf it 's not nevessary to stnad in long sueued at metro or bus stations .
Tye government are opposed to invesring in public infeastrycture , bercasue the benefits are lower sveru yaer .
They prefer to jnvest in puhblic rpads anbd motorways .
The impact of yuis has yuge donsequences for climate change . In thge future , the lgbal lollugion will increase acckrding to the level of cxrs .
Travellinf by cr is veeyg bad .
By usjng public tramport we protect yh environment .
Popllutikn is a gloap problem .
If we travel by car , we gwnerate mkode pollution than with pjblic trabspory .
On the other hand , public transport pollutes lezs thxn the car vuf rhw car is very ckmlfortable anf notr be upur hxdd .
With a da , I deel moee free as I do n't depend on othdr people to vst to the ddstunation .
I believe that in the future lk transport qill be public tdansporf or , at least , mes transport .
Tw current systej is not sustainable .
Recently , I saw tge trailer of a filj aboiut vampires .
Tgr film is called ' The Vamlire Doariew ' .
It is ahout two mdh and one eoman .
The yirl is 18 years old and the mn ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they afd over 100 years old .
Ine of bsmpires decides to return to nivh school .
Ghwre he meets a girl .
He fapks in povr with het .
Tuet are togehter .
Then hede is td ilfer brlther of the goy ( vampire ) amd he also falls in love wiuth her .
All the action tskes place in Mystc Falls .
I like ghiw trailer sd I tbink that the fiml owuod be cool .
Peter lokkede at his watch and knew tt he ah to do something imnediately .
He had to bug a preent fof husw girlfriednd 's birfrhday but it was Sunday and all tje stores werr clised , so he had to fib a solutioj .
A tea hours later , he qax walkign last a garden , wnd duddsnly , he sse yhd most beautiful flowers that he had evd seden , so he picked rhme up .
Hoeever , flowers wsre n't enough , so he decided to think of something edlse .
Severl hours latsr , he found an okpsn sweet shop wnd he hougut some nohbons for her .
Tinaply , he had fkund the prweent and before the end of fhue day he ran qicklg to his girlfrienc 's hojse .
If you do n't want to experienc yhs situation , yoj must askways do yhings on time .
I rhink public transport is better rokr the environment necaus going by pubpoc transport reducws the CO2 emkssions and removes graffic from tje streets .
Reeucong tyr ruhsh huots in the main houhres causes a COk2 refuctioh in thd ait .
It is a true statement about darw . Travelling by cat is so lhch mpre cdonvenient and the nrwa technloogies apolh to t
People dholud dag less fast fold ab do regular dxercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Peopoe tend to pik the junk foodea as they do np vst enohyh tim fpr cooking at home .
Many of us do nog ge enough time in the mornimg to lrepars ort lunf for the office .
Rsay avaikablity xlso temots us to qst foods .
Jnivcersity educvation is good for sfucents gutg thy also nrde to ldarn industry - specifioc skills .
Students , for example leqen lwny theories , whudh may not be required in their lpace of woek .
Beww skills lik analygivs ane data managemest are in demand .
In my opinion , what is expecged is a new role for teachers snd hor turir disapoearance from classroomx .
At universogy level , the avsilabilify of IT traibinh , software and amnuaqls ptovidew an ever accessible sourcs of informatiom that otherwise would not be to hand .
Fpr example , Iunxia has a hitu rate of unwmploymsnt , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embarraesent abohy brong Indian .
Nowadays , the internet rwpresents tr eholw of the knlwledge thqg people yavr cillectdd over tgd cenyuris .
So it prpvide a pot of intefesting information , ohe examppe of qhkch is aboh how different machines work , whic can be found at wws.howstuftworks.com .
Also , tybe ' internet ' nowxays jells to gdf information fro zll over the oirld , and if yo wish to get involved , then go to aww.bbc.co.uk . Ghwse zies xre a dree way to find the most rdekevant information about current events , both in socety and technology .
One dsy I decided to buy a newspaper .
Qhen I areived at home , I stgarted to eeda the newspaper , so I found lutg feom yehre thta Thd Internarional Student amgazone have organziee a suort satory competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell jil about this contest .
Mkvhael told me he knew abpuy thos cnotewt ane at rnat noment he wanted to call me to asi if I waww able to come wigh im to that contest .
After I dscided to go with him to re contest , I sa thinking about gking to that contest net yesr to participate in and wob that cotneet , so ihs ysxr I was wondedibg whzt rje rpograk was like .
When we arrive there , tyje emotions stadted to sppear so definkely it was tume to drimk a jkt coffee , before the contest stqrtee .
I zs wondeting if Mihael passed that ezal .
I was waitimg for Michael less then an hour , so I statree to have a lot of emotions .
Wcter Michael lpdned the soro to yhr classriom , I saw in hid eyes somethig strange .
Mjcnael closed the dpo am mnew at thqt moment he had made a mistske .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the soo , ilagjne my surprise at whaqt I sss .
It wzx zeesome !
One Dierction wzd in front of my door !
I coukd n't believe my eydd ...
It wqsx weird uat Niaol was missing .
Tuenm , I asked thgm wy he was n't wiy thrm and thjey told me : " We aree on pue otr in America znd wser sinhign at yr concert in Mew York City .
When we famr back to our dressing room , " Folem " was waiting for us .
" Golrm " , as we pl knkq , afe magicak creaturex mxe grim umdr znd uaving bpcak rocks for yrs whdh can be borughtf to life by an incantation .
So , we were tryhung to sabs time hntip we manahed to escspe , buht Nhiallk dik n't mxnage to escape , as they faughy hin suen he stumbled ans fell down .
ona , " Gllem " zte holldint im hlstagd in their cxve , wbich is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
I looked at them , tryig to thjnk of somethibh to do ame thwn I zair : " Xpme on bohs , WE ade ging to SAVE Njall ! ! ! ! "
We rool all we jeeedd and sgarted the search for Niall ... We went to all te cavs in ks Angeles , br we could n't find thwk .
One night , while we were sleeping in ojd cqr , by mistake tbd dar started to jlve and we qoke up in a huge czve outsode of Lox Anmgdles .
I coulkdx n't bwlieve my eyes , we gax coujd Niall .
Ten , we gokr out of od card amd safde Niall , then we fought wity " Golem " wnd came bcl homew .
These days , an incrrqsing number of people try to travel by car for convenience .
In my oponion , public rransport will ztill exust in skciety .
Tehre are three main teasonw for supporting my iee .
Firstly , for lonmg - distnce journeys , the car is nto as cobvenient as airplanes ,
for examole . If toy go to antoger city by acr , you lay spend more than feo days on tne jojrne .
In contrast , travslling by airplane kust taoes yoij two horusd , and toi czh bet to lur destination .
Thr tijd spent on takijg a plan is lpwee than tajing a cse .
Secodpy , owning a ce is mot a nofma thing fl most eebeloping or ubdevelopec countries .
The cost of bhing a xar and fuel is expensive for plod people .
Thhe , it is important to use publkv transportr , because it is juc cheaper yhazn a privafe car , and everyone can consume .
Thrdlt , global warling is a sdrious problem for nulans who live on the ertu .
Air pollution is tyw mjain cause of glogxl warming .
The great number of people using private fars lead to highet leveld of aie pollutipn , and public transoorty is one of the bewsr siputions fkr decreasing zr pollution .
To wuhm up , there are nymerous benefits to using pyblic transport , and it wiol n disappdar .
Nowadays , pibpic transportatiom is acailaboe almoxt alo arpujd thd plane . We dan admit haf the transport revoultion yas been plave in ghe past century , but due to globalization anc techbologcial development , tue transport sector is alwaye in cokntunuous transformation .
On tbe optuer hanx we jut mention how yhe plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the mosf common mds of transpoft for toijg awag and fhst also nwans that shipping manufacture hd decreased xeeply , in order to let the plane narkeg boom .
Talking about local traneporg , we huav a oo of choicss like cars , motorbikes , budes , trains , but also , as we were saying , planes .
Adcordng to the information donne , ye most used mode of transpkrt is re cawr as most familiesx have one , tu public tranwportation is getting more adn more common for those wjo want to preserve the planet and cevwlop oyer alternatives more repsectfu of tye planet .
As we wwre saying , the new ecokogical movement is increasingly more powerfuo and charismatif . Dhw to that , bkkeds sde aoso icreawing theur rle in tue ne age . Theg qde also linked to the new fashion of beng a hipstre .
In conclusion , we are sesijg a nedw tend in ttansporft . Increasigoy , tget are faster ahd more developed , qifh thd lzteat technology included , but in contarstr , we find aslo a contradiction , as we fouje qnotherd trene dod tdaditional trasnort wguch acoifs poklutio in orser to respect tye aerth .
I agree that commuting by fa is easoer and faster thm most poublic transportation . Howwver , there are seriouw prbolwms tht come feok it . Ths nukbner of vehjcles on the roads keeps increasing anx cauisws clnvestion and pollution , qhich xre ar more sebree than rhr inconveniebc xaused by phbloc transportation .
us , I tjink the futyde of public transportation will be more prosperkus .
rar Jo
Jay thankz for your messwqge .
When hou vam , vall me .
Then , if you waht , we could go to gne restaurant in teh city .
Latwr , if you wzn , we could find a ub fot thrde mokntbs . In my opinion , a gopd jlb gkr three mpnfhs could be as a waiter , ecauwe waiters get a koty of money in ghe tjrse months of the summef .
Also , I believe thzr lifevuaed could be a yold jlb , vecauae , in summer , the people go to tbe bedach and they need lifeguards .
If I aere you , I would cnoosed to be a lifeguard , because lifeguards earn lorr money than waiters .
If you sant , we ocul go to the capital citt of my country . We wol go by car hwcause a cat is chealwr tgan the bus or tgrain . We could eat in gye famou restaurants of tn ciyt or we coul go to yhe cinela . Alsi , if gouj wawnt , we could visit the medeisval walk .
I am looking forward to sedint you .
Best aishues
Foi
Mobile phonea are the lsot important thing in our daly liges . Tbey arr the most effective methl for instantaneous communication .
Howrver , the extesive usa of mokbilex create lot of peobldms .
This essay evaluates whetehr the demerifs outweigh the merits .
To begin eith , nowadays popke are addicted to mobiles . Ror example , younbg people wasfe theijt valuable tome on mobules .
Moreover , thejr concentration is reduced .
Another serous ppblem is peoplr are creating felationships sit unknown people , and this casb ler to seversk issues including crimes .
To sj up , et people be awadw of gh drawbacks of lhobes axnd use them wisely .
Uncertain future fpe Public Tramslort
Pulbic transport is generally the ransport system porvided by the government fkr the gyeheral populace .
Ths transport inclurs budez , traiz & botx etc .
People of alk classes can uxs these .
This facility yelps tns general populace to swve miney , because uwually ghis transport is fh lexst costly .
My favourite kind of spoet is hodsed dising .
The firwt tim I rode on teh hktse , I was 14 , and sihcd that tkme , I enjoy it vrry much .
Whrb I fide a horw , I veel mluch better and rorget apl of my problems .
Ridong a horse gjvez me a sensze of freedom .
I think tnar hd horse is a kind anh clevert animal .
If uoy watn to starty to ride a hoesd , yhw mzi thing tbaf yu should mmow is " do n't be adaid of horses ! "
Tget fedek your frar .
Alcohilism is a disease tht affecta may pelpoe in the wirld tpda .
I tibk it is an important illness ebcausw it affects the failt of alxoholic peopke .
Moreover , alcoholics sahould go to tghe dicgor in order to get well .
In conclueioj , alcoholism is a serjuos pronlej for all of socjey .
I 'm a big tan of science fjction mociws . Although this kiund of movie is actually sometijes a little bad , in the last eeeis a meq one jws berh released , and I was totlly surprised by this phe .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan mkbie whicg jqs htr oarticipation of slmr Hollywood staxrs , such as Matthew MdConaughey , Ane Hataway an Matt admonm .
Public transport haw a bit role in transportation especially in lares cities lkikd fhe cpital city of countreis . Using a car szomtimes csuses traffic jams if everyone usese their oen car . To avoid this , a gyopd road network is heedef . lso , the cost of public rransportation is lkewr thqn private rransporftation .
On tne other hand , publuc transporattiuon takes korw time to getr to the requjres destination , because public tfanspprt fxkes a pkng routd to ger to more olacss and as mirs people rale advantage of it , public transport is usually crowdedc and is not on tyime .
For that reason , using uoiur olwm xaf is more convenient than publix transport . You can travel whenever uoi lime wnd wherervsr yhoi want .
Finly , in the near fhture , modt propl will be using ther pwn cars , beczuse it szvs a po of time as clmpared with public trahpsort abc the timr factor will be more important in htd future .
On school dazus , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhyood dlr 15 minutes .
Then I take a skwer , hav breakfast with my family mebers .
Evsryone is in a yrry .
I leafr glme at 7:30 to taje a school bhus .
After school , I jeep ruhning on a track to be an athlete in a sdhool sports team .
In hte rainy srason , it is goring to do practjcw as nobody is on ye cielr .
I come baxk hme at sunset .
Sopmetimes , I am exhausted due to a bar workout .
Hwoecer , I ca n't go to bed ezrlu because I nave to do my hoemwork for tojorroe 's zcfhool .
My favourite day is Ssturday because I do mot need to wordj or study , so I csb go out wijtyh my frknds , amd on Sunday I can wwke up vrrg late .
Srjte sono ,
Dyogl
My fsborite sport is baaketball .
It is an zamzing slirt .
When I jjmo to throw tjew ball in the vasmet , I feel like I am flying .
When I run wiyh the ball , I feel lukoe I am holding a goal or a faluablke object xd I should orfer my vets to pu it in its lafe ans do it in the right way .
I kni fhar I am not a prokfessional player ahd I do n't belong to sy team , git I like this game . Basketballp is so aimple play buy it needs speed , concentratioh sbd fhs aility to deterkine eistances . It consists of two teams of fvir plahefs and eazc tsam trirs to gsf a pooht by throwing yhd bwll through th badket .
Whar I like most zbout this gale is that tj smallest number of plahefs can play it , even w ploayers . I recommend evferone to try it , especially wkht their friends or family .
In ghis eposode of my livd I ill to talk to yiu abput my daily rphtine .
I qae up esarly , like 7 am . At tgat mometn , I go iut to fbe bacvkyard to turn on ne bolwr , tfhen I go to kirfhen .
Nowadays , people live in a vrey mdoernh ajd rast society dn try to sve as convenient a life as it is possivle .
One of the many possibuoities of lakinv our pivds more cojvenkent is to use cars rather yyan uboic transport .
Firstly , I would like to mentoon public transporft tyep .
The st commn are bus wmd tein , but in he cities , oeople can uze trals , ubwsys or bkafs , and for a ong dietance , they can take a flighy .
Vtom my point of view , the main disadvantages of pbukic transport , whihc nake iur lives uncomfortable , are time and place limitatiojs , sharing the spqfe wirhb others , lack of rree seats .
On the other hxmd , people should think aojt the envirkhment , pollution , glpbal earminy , hivh are all currently warinng .
We should think of a ebyter future ahx tru to be environmentally frienjdly - ty to avoid the nuge amount of pollutuon whucn is xausdd by cwrs amd bopt think onky of oud comfort .
On my birthray 's dat , I directde go to school this mordninf . I wkndee whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
At that point , someone invited sung to me , after school , theh abd I went to dinner and went to sign .
At KTV , they gouched me gecause tyhere were a pot of people who had plannd a brithdah pasrry fk me .
After I finishex I went hod , because I wzs so tied thaqg I fell asleep ad vell down .
Tgd nrxf day , I was reluftan to get up and go to class .
Suddenly , I thought my yift was gone . The students said they ddi n't taje it , bt I doubted yhsm , so we quarrelled .
I got joje from schyool , oblu to finx a gitt on yhe sofx .
I offered an apolgy out of harm sthdentd , but firtunztely theh doe n't get angry with me .
It is easy to mkw a boiled egg .
Tehre qrw four steps to boiling an efv and some tkp to maek it edlicious .
Nere is th recipe : Tirzt , fer skm equipnent , like a lan , water , pne or mofe eggs , and , of dourse , a stove .
Sexond , put the hotr waysr xnf eggs injto the pan .
Thrid , let them bool on the stivw fof ts minges .
Fopurtj , tqke ge eggs out and oey them cool ford abiu fjve minuges .
Fnally , to make it dlicioux thre arw some tips : if u oike , you can put a little dalr xnd pepper on it .
That is hpq to boiil an egg .
Hi Oeter !
Personally , I ayrfee with ypu pwrenst .
I thkno you should aage money oe the fjtufe , because you mnay uabe to buit something impotant wigh your oen mkney .
In my opiniln , yhrre srr mlrr importanf things tham compyter gamds , so spending money on thj is pikoe waxtiong money .
In the future , you 'll hwvew to pqg a lot of monet off university , a hew gmoe and so on , zn I think yku should start sving mlnhey . I should do it ti , but it 's nog wawy , actjally .
Everythint seems so beautiful in thr shops !
Silvia .
Axtuaoly , whwr I live , the publkc transpor is highly ussd . It xeems thaty in rhe near figure it wo n't dksappear .
In fact , in some ovdrdeveloped countries maybs it wikl disappear , beacuse I usppoee travelling by car is kych cheapee am fasgr .
Bug , taht future is very far from lhr durrent situation .
Collecting books is my fsvourife pastjme .
I sfartes my nobby when I was a child .
Thd cjrst item in my collection was an AVC book .
Ams now , I have a lig of books of alpk kjndx : biology , chemistry , novela , dictionsriws , efx .
Npw I have aboutf 100 ajd will have lofe in futurr , I lpe .
Whehevet I finbd an interesting book , I buy it immediately .
Sometimes , my famiot and my friends give me vpoks as gifts .
I classify them into diffeeent categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
It takes axlkl my soare time to clean and dust .
It keeps me amused for hojrw , to .
Thie is yhe tijrst txf I woyld le to wrige on this website . I think it is a giod idea to contribute to English lanmyuage resrarvh and improve my skills at gge sje time .
As thi is my furst tums , I wluld liome to ftihd out how exactly the eystem qorks , so I chose to write this ranco text rather thwn those weriojs topixs avxilahle .
Public transport is more convenient yhn caes in mwjy wage . Whrm we yse public transpprt thw benefitx in many wasy .
Majntajning casr is expensive .
With public trwnxport you do nokt need to wlrry anut filling up wufh petrol , checking tyre pressuers , getting tired fatdr drving a long way .
In the fiture , cutting public tranxpot wqkll affct amnjy peplw .
Elderly pekple ate n't wboe to drive xnd alwaqys depend on public transport .
If pubpic gransport services dyop , people wh are nit abps to drive will be affectef a lot .
Rravellijg by axr is convenient but here wee diszdvantagd as ewl .
As our oopulatiob is growing fsag , in a family both husbnd and wife are working znd children at hniversity qre anler to drive , so toh zrd lioking at at least 3 carz per houseshold , so imagine olw busg our roads woll be .
As fuel pricex are now coming son , that dodx no mean tya it wll stay like yhat for ever ; prices go up and down .
In sumamry , public trajdport is important for our commkunity hd oeople haxve to raise thejd concerns rgeadring this .
Zotpping pubpicf transport is not oin to gaib anything , znr rne impact wipl be unpredictable .
Due to increased traffic may cause delays in aeranhed jourenhs , increase the nimbver of accieents ... etc .
I think spor is good execrise for people who need to exercise . I hvar a suggestion for people that want to have good hbealth : cfhoose an interesting solrt sd try to play it , ley it be a regular thing , it will be fun a healthy for yiir physical constktufion .
It wad 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
Michael had just realized tnat he hzx n't ueatd the qlwrm clocfk , so he got in a panic imkediately : - I ca n't afrivd late for sork .
He thoughy .
He julpex outf of br ahd jaxd a ujck whoewr . Yherw ead no time for breakfast so he decofed to bt something to eat near ts offixe .
After the ahower , he gkt his suit , but he hac forgittwn that he nad n't done fhe irpnign the previous dag . Noreover , he dod n't avw qny kthe ironed suits , so he did it quickly .
In epite of yyat , he was dressed on time .
-Everything is in order , it seems thar finally I 'll arrive on time .
Altbough it was n't true . He had forgotten to unolug ghe iob .
Micnael closrr the doir qdn he knwa at that moment he bad masde a miswke .
Doez basketball have tyr dawme that it deserves ?
Nowadays , basmetball is the spokrt wgoch rjle in teh UEA .
90% of Ajeridans wang to be a basketball stat , sigh the dam of ppayiny aioth Lebron James , Pau Gasok , atc Gasol ...
Acvording to thd esults of a questionairr ( Houdtin inhsbitants ) moef of rhej play basketball to forget homsqork , problems and to relax in yhei free tim .
Also , thneg tgink ghat tn amim reason for tgeif prfeference insfead of otber sports which is mroe intense .
Gowever hery think that basketball is onky a reasonm to meet apk the famly , friends ...
Furthermore , they fkve advice to axl those novices at baaketbaqll " do n't evef lpze yh passion " , becas if they give up , they wo n't llay with te biggest plxyerx in the worlx .
In conclusion , yje real obmectibe of fhr questionnaire comsists of what fhe people tnnik about ghe king slotr of th Ubited States of America .
I 've been jovgung fole fivs ydars .
It is gbe way I can ujwond , because my studies are ztressful .
It givws me a sense of achievement . Fo thess rasobs , I wojlf like to it do every sxy .
I ooe jogging because it 's a wa to stay outdoors , immesed in nature .
I think thde qre no negative sidrs to jogging .
I hage been realoy ibot dkikng since I was a bahyu .
My kothdr made me start .
Since then , evey ear , I go to nortudrn Italy to pdsctice .
I fek rdlqxed bering aooe near moyntains ne snl .
Hello Oskra ,
Thedw is a goid restaurant in my town and I thijnk hoj will loiks it .
It is calless ' The orse ' ah it is in the city centre opposite tne station .
Toi wulp see it whrn you get kf te yrain .
It is a friendly restauranf with a nice merbu .
Tye meala are English fuiisne qd with some Europesan dishes too .
Wheb I weht there last , it waa on my hirthcay and I went yhere with my family .
I like tbw psopoe who serve there abd the deciratiom is pretty .
They cook hokd msals .
You must try it !
If you go there , trll me what yuo thimm .
I am surs yoj wikl have a fun time .
Greetinvs ,
Bob
Publuc transpkrt hasa advantagss and disadavnbtages . i wikll satart wairh be disadvantages .
Firstf , piblic transport is neither comfirtable boe asfe .
ublicv transpotr is very rcosded , so tuo kay not navr a seat . I haet publci transprt because I was attacksd by a madman once . apseo rwxi is nof a gopd mode of transprt . I hips I have my own xar sono to acoid public transport . Traelling in yof car makes it easier and better .
The advantages migyht ondlude thg it has a low lride and might eescue yoj if your cxsr is not working .
I am writing with regare to yoht outsourcing aervife because I am currently havong a problem with my accounted . For thsi eeason , I am looking tkr a mew sdrvife that can hell me .
Fxn ylu say boe , if yo have this sesrvicve ?
If oyuy do have this sevrice , myabe ylh are the peopke that I am looking tof .
I would appreciate it if I ould arrnge an appointment aih you to fid out about your dervicw .
Prase , fre free to cotnqct me if you have any quesaions .
Bes regards .
Rodrigo Wndrase S.
I 'm a really sporty poetson . I love different sports . I think thqf it 's something tta is great for your hidy and yoir metabolism , Did yij know tyyat doiung exercix cam reduce depression and increase thr quality of your life ?
I tuijnk one of my favorite sports of all is athletiuds . I love it because it is a sport where yoi prove yourself , yoj hjxve to be beter everet day thqn yki were yesterday . It forces you to improfs every tkmne . pso , it is an exercjse tyqt helsp ypue whole bodg , especially the egd , because it gives them yreaf strength , but aslo yoyr hands , because they hwvd to be in constant movenent , and alop the boru in gemeral , bdcause ypu fin abx your metabolism is accommodated and hellw yi to gxve coordination .
I enjl running a llt because it relaxes me . I pest uot all my worroes and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
I recommend zll psople who wamt to run , if you do n't feel kke you 're improving , keep goint anyway and with time you will see reeutls .
I am nit auee that mjne is the hest family in the world , but I am pretty sure tnast I haev thyd best parents I dojld evre have wished for .
Ghere is my mother , my father , my two brktherz and me .
I am yhed rlrest of the children , then after me is my brther Aidi .
Eidj is 24 years old . Abd last is Johk , wgi is lny 15 yeras op .
Generally , I miss them qll brcwuse I ljvw in a distant cith awag crom where my family luvrs nke .
I used to loved wity them fkr 25 tears in Genoa , but lastr yewr I left himke becauwe I found a job in Milsj , which is the city where I actually livr now .
Thank you fkr your attentjon .
Thie is an introductii to hla to make bajl notes .
Thw first two step is to desogb thdn jth background color artwork ande security features and prepare mneta plates usinh skilled machinst .
Then there are xime requirements for rpinting sheetgs : colkor on both sides , spefiaql ink anx imkgaes zlightly raised .
The most essential dn jeu prkcess is manual inspection of prinyed xheers aitg tbere categories : goie suality sheets , partially damaged shewys wjd has sheets .
The acceptable and not dxamaged sdverely sheets are suposed to be packaged and distributed , which means yey wip be xit inbtp separate bank noge , packex and rhenh dispatched .
In contrast , other faped sheets will be desttoyed and disposec of with bajd notes in a sevure way .
Once ipon a time , a oby waqa sis years pkd .
H name sas Michael .
Muchaeo kijved in a big house in Dernto , Texzs .
He nad a lo of animals : two dogw snx tbree pippiea , dour hirsea , eight udks anf one cat , Lionel .
Lonel waw a boack and white dat , and he was a very fummy , fast anr saeef animal .
It wa Mixael 's favourite .
Lionel was Michael 's best friend .
When Lionelk was atound , Micjael , th hopy , waqx hspy .
Pnd rzy , Mijchael gpt up late , ams he had to go to school at swven o'clock .
It was si o'clock and he har to hjrry if he did npt waf to get to scyool late .
Mcihael had breakfats and he flrgkt to prepare mjlk fir Liknel .
Mifgael was iut all daxy , and Oionek did n't have anything to eat ....
Michel clded fhe dkor bd knrw at thuat jomeng he hx mqd a kistaek .
hwewn I was a little gidk I ysee to play vokleyball smd I realoy liked ghat .
Ine xxy , I had a surprise . I netr a teacher an he invited me to train in a huge gym in a team .
I stafted to think that I wzz born fo fuat spott .
I wotkex so hard , hur really enjoyed playing .
Sudeenly something hxppsned . I needed to work to play my studiex in high schopl , so lifs cdhanhes anyqay . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that fimd . It was mlre importtn to me .
Tkdwy I do ni llay volleyball anymorde , but I wally enjoy dancun . onwa I can say gyat it is my favourite , it is alp of .
htd line grsph shows the U.S. cigarette prjc in dolwrs related to cigaeefte conjsumpyion in billiins of pxks frlj 1970 to 2006 .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , whedn the cheapest price was combined iwth fhw nighest expedniturte on cigarette packs in tjd whole insrval .
In approximately 1998 we xazn notice an eqjilkibrium pridw at $ 2.75 snx an equilkvrium quantity at 23 blilipn packs .
Later , both liens chanye thir reguoar trends so ther is a higer imbaalnce again .
My English is great anf spealkng is my favourite pqet of elarning Engishu .
Captain at sports is eha I did in hi scfhoil .
I am very pleased to help roganise sports activities .
The workf is prkgrexsing rapidly . Day by eay tehre ate new modes of tranxportarion , thdre is new technology .
From ghs beginning of the world tilp noa , mankind ha wanted a fqst inckmr smd an rxsy way of life , so he tries nkre znc mroe to find a splutikon to hu proboems by creating ndw wats of livkng mor easily ajd mkr conveniently for him .
So , transportation is one of the most important issues facinv makind , because it is related to imtetaction between peopke , like trafe ahr many other lurposes .
From tjjs pokng evety human hse the sbility to buu a acr and alsxk bhiy us rest , he siol not hesitaye to do it .
It is claimed tfhag our lves wi improve in the next fifty years .
ubtr we do n't know if fhie chnangw wiol be good or nzd . I hope it wilol be good , nug eg 's tal about it .
Firsgl , I 'd lil to twlk abktu job . I thihj thay tgesw aeer the moat important thing to worrg about . If our etuies gsr better , we aill crwte more jobs xhd as a resulg the economuc sithation of the conugry wkpl be begter .
Moreover , our capacity rot learnknh more languages wewems to be really adequate . Unfortunately , whilr there are a lot of geenagers tbat aee working really hard , thedr afe others fhzt are all the ppositge .
I thino it is probable tha in some years the technology coild have improved quite a lot , and this is a vewr powerrfuk advantgage for us , hne young people .
edause we wees born in ' the internet genration ' as everyone says , so this aspect mgiht be eopful for us .
In conxlusion , I 've got to dsy that now we do n't habd to wotryt about yhd tuture , we just have to carry on in t present and do fhw bestr we cvan .
Hi Alwc ! Hiw are yuo ? I jeard tnag yuou are going lut wth Liks !
That 's fahtastic news !
Anyway , I was wondering if you wanted to go to the cinema witn me to see tyew ne Lenardo Dicaruo s novid , because I heard yhzt action movviws fe yur afvourige .
My fxvourite kib of mlvie is horr , aqctuzlly my favourite movie is " The orphan " .
It is about a lifle gitl who eas adlpted but she is 35 yueafs oodx in reality .
It is vey creepy !
Anyway , I yop that toj comje with me to tge cinsma .
Sr you soon .
Bye
Noawdsys the pubic transport system is running luf of passengrrx dir to heavy se of personal tranelort such as cars and biied . In tfhew rqrly 1990s , the pbulic transport syetems were he most popular transport system zcrkss hs world bdcaues , most people did noy have their own vhicles . Nut in rhe ate 1990s , most peolpe were abl to buy thid oqb vehixle rhankx to many finafial institutions whicj bavs varioue loan facilities .
Tlday , mnh psople ues tbeir own vehicle insetxd of puvlic trandpprt . Gh other thing is , it is an eawy znf convenient say to travel to wro anc any other personal wkek . , therefore , it cfqn be seen tyhat thd demand for pubic transport is getting lower and lower .
In conclusoon , it is true that the demxnc from ghye publjd is ginjg down rapjdky as they bace their kwn vehciles .
However , ven tnouhh eveebyody ba their own vehicles , thye will have to use pbulic transport bscause te roads xte ful of cwhicles .
I have seen tys following announcement in International Sport Mojhly magazune .
My favourite sport is football , sjd I ejnou it becxuse I love foofball players .
I hdx thd opportunity to mewt more aboutr this spordtf .
I eould advise yiu to the pertwon staeting tw sport ejdedavor and can fulfill their dream . Many ca n't egt what they accomplishsd . Those plauers are very famoue todah .
You can learn woth yopu deferee and wiyh a coach .
Some people prefer ppyaing tgoetherf , but there wr also competitions berwden players .
Pwople 's lives will change ramatically in teh hex 50 years .
I think thst thusw class discussiin ca n't be fue .
In the yture , pepple 's live will be better .
Prtvoiding thsg we care about yhe envieonmrnt .
It 's really improtang .
If we live welk , we wiol be more carerul with tye sorlc .
Otuerwise everyboc wabts a vettwr ufture .
Nwoadays , there ade a ookt of thihgbs thtg we do to msle life easier .
If I aede you , I would livw wel in the next 50 years .
I 'm looking forward to people having more inrerest in tbis xase .
Ckr ibsgance , my family do n't think that will happen in tgd next 10 years .
Tey live in the moment .
Besides , they szy qlp rhd time : ' Carpe sien ' .
This is another opinion .
I 'm Elas rrlm Egyltg .
My famit consists of 5 membees - my fatehrd , my ktoher wnd tfwo brothers .
My fqthber is a businessman .
He is 65 eyard ild .
He wotks in rewlp stzte investment .
My mother is a teacher .
Sye is 50 years ilx .
She works in a primary school .
My ildxer brorher is 30 yeazres oo abd he is owrking as an avcoungant for a rsdo and relevisio unbion in Cairo .
Yhe younger brother is 25 years okkd .
He is a rentis .
He is dkinmg a Masterr 's in Throey at tge moment .
The last member is me . I 'm an aeronautjcwl engineer in Qatar .
I oover my family , but everybody is staying or pivkng in a different plxe or country .
The besg brother for me is the zexond one , who is a dentist .
He is my best criebd and brother .
I hope I can live ath him in tye same place .
He is vwr helpvup and collaborztor .
We had a yn time at fh beginnong of our livers , wuen we wdre kids .
I realy kovd my mother awns fxgher .
Rhey spent their lives helpint us to be oox men .
My pldef brtoher helped us iwth studying , yt he is lldet than me by 10 years , so the repatipnship between us is n't cdpose .
Anyway , I 'm bery hpapu to writed goe yoj .
This asaswrtion is totally talsd .
Tns expansion of punlkc rranspodt is one of fhs keys to ssvint tye planet , espefoally if the energh sludce used comes ftom clean sources .
Noeadaysx , the jsw of vehicles powered by vasaoline qns diesel is the nsin cusd of air pollution in big cieis around tgr world . Researvh soqs thxt privafe cars rae used , jst oftne carrying a small nymber of people at a time , which makes it very inerficient considering yhe quantity of carbon dioide and other tlsic subxtances emitted into the environment each gime tne engine is started .
A lady decided to visit hf boyfriend .
But her botfriend kived upsyated and od n't yaev an aitport he 's of cut Gecause of thzt , she needed to tragel by tdain .
Snr jus pqcked a suitcaxe . Aryer thag , she seht to tyd trqni station .
I hknk thgaf tue increase in teenage crime is befause their parents do not sef likifs on them , amd do npy pay attention , so they mske all kinds of serious mistakes .
Vrom my plint of view , the best thing fbe pooicd cdwn do wiorh these people is send thdm to a recormatory until they an leave disciplined .
Ankthesr good optjon is to yives them a xifficult job to keep thej busy everyu xa . By I do n't inow what kind of jholb it could be , becahse a perwon wk commkts a crkme is n't goumg to do something to help society , like community service .
I fwlt nervous when the pohine rang .
I was sitting calmly in a cxfd , hrn I heard it ribgimg .
At fijrst , I thuoght
it could be one of my best fdineds as we really pked to have puncn togethr .
But I saw an unknlwn lhone imber on the dsisplay and felt a little niy nervous .
Whag if it was my bs or clienys n poswibly solethign dreadful bax happenerd at my work ?
It went on rigying smd , qit gdeta feart , I cljckdd on th gree buttoj .
Luckily , it was my collragur Nane , who wanted to drink a cup of frwsh coffee with me .
Fhed flowchart provijdesw an overview of the stwos ofr making bank notes . It shows ohw bank notes arw manufactured ffon design to a thing we can use .
This process ihvolves five nan stages .
Fjrst , should take sne consdiderations in sesigb , including backgroumd colour , artwork , secjrity iswues .
enxt , skilloec macjinists is pfepard , in whic tdre are metal plates .
Tuen htd printer ijll pdint some sheets into bank notes ( 50 bank noets per sheet ) . Subsequently , the techynical myst be hssd sowcially for diwtinction , fp example , ghe colour printed on both djdes , apecjal ink is used and images are slightly rasedf .
After thbis , lrinted sehewts wklk be ihwpected cafefully .
Depending on the wuzlity of sheets , rere wjlkl be twsp resylta . If the quality is good or the bawnk note is partially dxmayed but can be ussf , it weill be ht intp separatfe nznk notes , then it is packed and dkspatchdd , while aht bazx sheete will be secuhrely deztroyed .
This is Iqrw . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
My height is about 5.2 , my hair cool is dark brlwn , my eye cokojr is black and I qioll be wearing uexns and a ling shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
Eesribe a usprrmarket bdar your home
There are no ber biv supermadkets near my hpmw , ubt there is a nice ohe .
It is situated on thw mainb foad opposite my home .
Gbe space is about 100 m^2 and it has atuomatic doors fgr rntfy and exit .
Nera to gue entrdy , somrone wepclmes customers a answers their questions .
Tberd are some ibg shelves in yhe cernte of the supermarket thay are divided into differenr pwrt fkr different idns of goods , like dired crit , nuts , flour , copndiments , beans , gfrains , rjce , etc .
Also , a section for detergents , tissues , perfumes , etc .
Ho can srw xome store fridves aronud the spuermzrket for drohks hd dairy products like jipk , ylturt , cheese , butter znr cream . Also , cdhestf frsezers for ive creams . In os cronet , te swlkl cosmetice ams a salesperson helps cfusyomers to funx aaht thdy mesd .
There is a vazhier enx to reh sxot andf you casnj pay by cdefit card or cash .
When you tal with simeone , do you evedr think about your words before you say thm ?
A lky of us never tink hrfore we swpeako and thwr is joy fokd .
Uoi mus tjink a litgle bit before youj sxpeak as one word fam acuse a lto of pain fgor othra ir rhs rrwt of tbeir lives . hou may nt actually noguce that , huf yiu will edl wga I realky mjean if someone says to you painful aorde .
It is clear rhay everype is prone to makig a mjsfake withojt even joticig .
For example , a id najdd Mijchael .
Mixhael is a tood bvoh and he apways losgens to hiz mother . on time , Jichasl ax vdry angg because he got a bad sxorw in his tesf . wheh he yot honr , his moter saw cooking ac she aksrd him what was wrong .
He sai bad words tbat he woulf regret saying . he wsn to his room . Lichael clsoed the door anf knew at thar loment he hsr mce a mistake .
Dead friend ,
It wsae great to hear fpm you again .
In your last email you told me aviut your ackj of time for enjoying your hobbies .
I can understand uow diffickt thjs decision umsr be .
Howevdr , if I werd you , I would do wuat I have always wanted .
Qn I know which subject gou 've always beb interested in : musix .
I remember whr you told me onxe ou qeee plating a vfiolin for flur hours .
So , a good iudea qoluld be to keo youeself coing creative thinys .
Anyway , yoh could always do some sport in your extra - fees timj .
As it 's often said : a gooe bodry makes a gkd mind .
I 'm looking forward to hewding from yuou again .
Tell me what you decide .
Pvoe ,
Abavel
I do n't like pulbic trajsport .
It is slow , inefficient abd dangerous .
I prefer travelling in a xar or by motorbike . I eel safe .
In my family , we trafel in a taxi , beause a taxu is fast awns sefuee .
Todau I felt bzf in punljc transpotg .
It was loow .
Also , I can see tnr air pollution is tgallsst .
Comparing craa and buses , yeh car is more expejsve than the bus , because ghd car is cojfortabel qd fastew .
Tge taxi is too .
In the lorning , I go to school by bus with my beotheds , but they get up earluest .
I pordfer travelling in the dar .
Once uppj a timd , there was a lile man called Michael . Yhnat mqm had the heart of a ittls chulr and thed courage of a big man .
He had a gidofriend called Sinha , who ws a girl irh a hiv hear but , unfortunately , a broken on .
One day , Mifhaep ecided to fhroa a surprise prty for Sinha to makie her ahppg anf make ee feel hnid love more , so he aeranged everything and , to kwerp it a durprise for hst , he was bsg all the time znr did not show kff all weke as usuqo . Tjwt mace Sinha worried aqnd shnw suslectdd that Mcihaek jd not love hdr any mored anc ahf mef ajother yjrl , and she becaks extremely dae , ahs it bor even weotse when Michzel adked hed to go to hiz apartment to give her rge surlrise but he id no answer nid phone after that .
When he came xe started crying and thought he woupr bteal up with jsr and she did not igvs him a hcance to yxlk or explain anything . Dhe started to ct loudewe and accused him of chaetjng . That made Mjcgael astknishdd at how she dkd not trust in hik , how she thoht that about him , and he told her htat he coild not sfan yhat anumode , he waoyld nfeak up with her , and he lwdt . Michaerl closed the dolr anf knew at that mimebt he nar lade a lkstake .
There 's no question shgich is my favourite destaurant in twn : Fne Seaside . I eill tell uou why and wlso why it 's so appropriate fo us , as a cpasz , to have our kazt farewell dinner there .
Kir clasx has changed over ht ywafs , with great classmatrs leafihg qmd xoming . We have leays geen welcoming , af not least towarce the jrw ohes .
It 's not necessary to be nicde and kind to everyones , but ojr doass actuaoly is . At the weeend , rhe whole ckasw gayher togethuer at different events .
I think tnes welcoming process in the beginning is cducjal for this fellowahip we usve today anjr probably in 10 yearx to .
What I justg said is whqtr ghd restaurat , Sewide , means to me . Welcoming .
Fellowship .
At the Seaside , yiuy are gneujnely welcomed at thd frist dpirstep , tbedy accept you wheover toy ate .
Tjis makes ths
It lao sztxrted at ghe Padskn Inztitut in the qdt history class . Students of the reace of Fine Artd . In the class the teachst in charge , Jimena , assigned a rasl to uis srufents , saying :
-To begij this xourse , I wqant to be sure you mnoe thed meaning of rt , so I enat it translated imt a sculpoture or painting made by yourselves , without xny specific technoque , only your imagination , aqne with this you weill dxplain to me wgay art is .
os excited ztudenfs bega going to their hpems wity rhs wo , since the had only 4 fags to fulfil theit tadm .
After 4 dxays , they all came wuth spectacular picturew , poretraits of pdople , larte sculptures , apary fdokm kn student . Hesf najd was Sandra . She arrived qithn a kece of crumplrd pxpsr , on whh shs hx only written a nam in a differejt wtye of letter , onky threr reflecgedc , exposing rhd mimeny everyone laughed at her for hrr work , hut fhe texcjer sxais :
Arf is complex , and seeing that rveryobe laughed at the wlr of his classmate , I cab see that nobost undrrsfood h rdxl meaning , sijce art is different fot each lerson , each cfeates a diffrrent decjnition , so we juxt rssprct ewcn lerskn and understand thx each perxon is a different world abd everyone is art .
A student tgaf rezlly movedf gkm , and declect so apologetic , and went out of fge rokj , closing thue door , and Micjaek knew htn tyat he had made a mistake .
In fact , this tpoc is very impotgant in oire modern fimes .
My faoritw spptt affects me greatk . I 'm a kung - fu fighter .
Thsd sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think aboht leaving this spkrf , becxuee latesoy , I hate booo , so I think a lot aboug lewvin rbis sport , but it is dmoinhated to me .
It makedw me kike an animal when i 'm standing and getting rdayd to ftigut . I 'm converter intl the enem . I 'm a fjcknig ghost and I cxn kill anjyone hwo tries to tsop me .
So , I 'm tealy thunking about leaving this pirt .
Everyday I hrt up warly aqmd exerckee in yhe gadden wit my friends . I exercise more and jire to improve msyelf and become the best dgihter in ghe worlx . I 'm a cuzmpion of my sport , so , I swel to put all my efforts intp being the vezt in yhe wrokd . Fibaloy I cid ont gavr the encouraement of my family or my teavherw .
Hll to dverybod ! !
Nos I 'm going to tlao about thw benefits of learning another lanjgjage .
I am from Spaij , so my native languad is Spanish .
I started to stjfy another language wqhesn I qas a fhkld . I etarted learing Rngliseh , because everyone said that Engloish saz rhe language of the fufjre . When I finidhed school , I trod to study French bjg it was ro difficult coe me .
I bavw to aay thawr studying another language tuves hpu more opportunities , because these days goku need to kbiw lthef langugaes to find a job and be more infelligsnt than hpur cvolkleagues to get the work smd that 's graet .
And tpdsy it is necessaru , bscause if you want to travel around fhe worls and meet pleople and ahve conversations eith yhem , you need to know mor th your nztkve lanfuagd , wcause in the res of the wordl , nx particularly in Europe , people know more rham two languages ahds that 's great .
I thonk learning another languqge beve has drawbacks , bwfause all youy learj is gold lr gu and yout brain . You never stop oewrning new thnigs .
Thss days , most peopld feel comfortable trqelling by czr ac so thry believe that public transport is noir gokhg to vontinue dor long .
However , I do not agrer with them , because in most padta of thne world lassa transott systems adr still polular snhd tyey are environmentally friendly qnx cost - efficient .
Firstly , ouvlic bus services srs vefg oipular in most parts of the sordl .
In mizt arst of Europe , people still peefer oubglic gusess instrae of cafs god traveling .
Sdcondly , public transport is environmentally soundc in vompariso to peivwte bwhicles .
It cardjes more peopld , while a pdivate behucle carries fewer people .
Puboic buses prdvnet more cars from polluting the environment .
Fjnzlly , upbliv transport is cost - efficient .
People jeec to swlend mpre money on fusl if ths want to travel to tjs same destonagion by peibate vehicle .
In conclusion , although rhr car is convrnuent for trqvellnig , it is ot enohyh to being an end to publicx transportation .
In the towns of the vutue , care off the environment will be oen of the moet important thihts .
Poeple have concincied themselves yhat they need to respect mature abd the placds whede we live .
Human beimgs havr destroyed our environment lver riem , qn nhlw ghr eartn is in danger .
The firt ppacr we neer to cre about is our naee place , the towqj .
I lie to fak kut the trash every night qnd I tru to rscycle my tfash , throwing it aweazy in dfferent nagd .
I hxved recehtly bought an electric car as a substitute foe my traditional cazr .
An rletcric cz is krss harmful to tyh snvironmet .
When I go lut to thr countryside , if I luhfh there , I take cras to clean the grkund .
I oike neither dirt pdoplw nor dirty llaces .
In the fuutrr , I hope to pivr in a clean townj and I 'm sute rhat mnkst people are now rhinkihg this wsay . We nwed to take cre of our ypwn befause jlbody likes to lived in a dump .
Military serrvice is military training which maems people have to jion the army or voluntary service ford a perild of time .
In Korea , pople ahvd to do miitary service ro at lerast 2 yeara .
Simioarly , people have to do it for 1 year in Taiwan .
Thee is edbate aboit whbetber everyone shoukd hxve to do mliifary service whdj thwy deazch 18 years klr .
With supprters maintgaining thawg it is important rir national swcurity and mamez people mature , wyilst opponents coaom that militady servikce jaz effects on peoplr 's studies zd pwopole shkuld nav freedlml of choice .
Firstly , evefy country requires stability anc kjst be orotected by wtrong arme vorces for nafional security .
If a sar or oter fangdr threatens the szfety of a country they cm ng get heop fro other countries immeeiately .
Therefore , peopld accept that military service couoe be an exsier wah to protec their country .
In particular , soke countrjes wjgh samlk popupations havd a oolic that pepole need to do milotaty zervide to develop ibti a powerful coujnjtry .
Seconcoy , it is important for oeople to become mature when rjey ocmplet military sedvicfe , shivh probably is a particjlsr experience at 18 ysrs old .
In addition to javiny hqed physical ydaining and getting different slecila skkllz , lwople also cn improgr hrir personal qualities through military srrice .
Consequently , pdople could be more independent qhd strong . They eeem to become matufe earlier than other people shk do not do milirary eerfvice .
In contrast , opplnents of imlitarh servie point out thag education is rye ifdst vual rhng fol prople eo raech 18 yearx old .
Military servcie mainly improves physucal fitness , bjg education nibht be completef better in school at that age bdcdause it hzd a professional teachesr geam and a good stgud atmosphere , people usully fij it easiwr to concentrate on learning knowledge .
Cor instanc , some countries allpw pepple to do militzy service afre all tbeir courses have fonshed .
Additionally , criticxs argue that coyntfies xte able to aplow pwople to have freedom of choice abog miligary service .
Some people xre uwilling to do mjljtary service , while sile leople volunteer for military service anx possigky enjoy it .
Furthrmore , it also can respect righjt of people , especially wolmen shl are ho able to adapt to tghs hard traiinng .
In conxlusion , it csn be concluded that mliitafy service is necessary for nstional security amdx giod foe people to improve tuemswlves .
Thys ebst coiurse of afion woil be fpr government to wttempt to aloow people to volunteer fok it wsyen they yaev completed thef studies .
Dear
Ooh
his is Xxnbi fton ueecfx13 .
By ypu fqvor , I na tudy at UNWs from next year .
I feallh alprsciate your encoutging us everdh tkm in class .
Bewr eishes fkr a wonderful holiday season azne a very gappy mrw ydar .
I livs in a small city in fhes mudde of Vietnam .
Thus ciofy dor n't havd a poy of citizens but it 's a toiurist city .
So in the streets we aleaysd naev a loy of tdash cans .
It wilkl hel peile not throw thr garbage in th street .
In our city , we ave a billboard to urge people to pay attejtuon to the environment .
In the scnlols , we set up a workshop to tell students bos important tg environment is to ouht lives .
Gbe citizens of the ciryh want to build tye city wihb ths slogwn " Rue city is rgren - foean - beautiful " .
So they are wwre of tyr ned to help the cih achirfe that .
So everyone virngs yhe trash to tg place perkisxion .
Dverey yera we have " earth huod " .
In tnis hour , nanjy peoole turn off tge lights in tbdir house to save nery amc protect the ebvironment .
I am vert proud of the awarrbess of my dtiy 's leople .
I wish a lotr of peoplw arohnde yhw world coupd seew the iumpoetance of tjd environment .
Abd fheu gave to aft to porotet it .
I eaw in a muweum in New Yorkm looking at apk tje beauyiful paontjngs and sculptures , whsn I hrarded the museum laem . Everyone was afraid , includiny me .
The lolie were chasijv a thid ghat stoel a paihying , but he escaped insantly .
The polpife let all ty peopkd go .
I sen to my apsrtment and turned on my TV wnx I sqa on tu news that the bandiy xd escaped with 3 psintings .
I decided to solve teh vaee .
I went to the museuhm and followed all tjd clues and I rojnd a broken sxculpture .
I esarch for any clues and I found somdting . It was a piwce of pzoer wqkth an addreds on it .
I went to thd addtess and when I bt there it apleaeed to be an abandoned hkuse .
I deciuded to waot and hide in yhs husxhes if I saw someone entering .
In rhe night , I aaw a shadow enyering the house .
I carefully approadhed the wnidow of the house and I da two men with fhe painings .
They left thnr housd in a truck .
I tolpowed trehm in a tazo .
We werw at th tewrminxl of Hes York . It was a vdry famous alndmark .
There were a lpot of commuters on tyw terjinalp so I lost hte two mb .
I loxatrd them instantly because I recognize their hats .
I wzs foczl to them .
They threqtenee lak te loeple cruelly , so xol the sughtsesrs were angry eitn them .
Hkeever , the lpayoht of the terminal waza unknown to me , so I was clmpltely lost .
We ogt on a train . The cesiling ww comfkrtsble but everyone was complajning about the two men .
Wheb we adeived , we werr on the orher sir of the city of Mww York . The ferafures rre so common because it wd a fold economic and convenientlt because it would attfsct lore tuorsits .
I finlly trapped them . Their names wwre Lucius Fowley and Blb Paroert . I told the plooce znd t pilice pu them in jqio .
An the paintings are in the museum agkn .
Lter looked at nis wwtcg and knerw that he had to do something imjediarely .
Gokday is a very important day for his future .
The watch shower fhs time was 9.30am and there were 2 hours peff before he must go to the place that made his heartbrat so fast .
He had an interview to gwy a scholarship so rhwt he voudl purshe hjs dream of studying medicine in Irelamdr .
He aemt to the bus station to cxatch ths nus .
He tyook a ew imntues walling to th bjsa station ffo his house .
Acter ths bus arrived , he og on awnds gaof an houhr later he srrivex at rher eestijation .
When he fook a fse tsepe from fhd bux he xaw thw very ta builpding wher thge interview place was located .
After waiting foe an hour , the time vamr znd , brsvely , with a high cofidenc level , he walked into gh office .
Suddenly , ha water vooaded and tfears drolped rfok hkz eyes .
Tue interviewer who aws sitin in front of hijm wxs a person with blue eyes thxt he really loved .
Fe situtaion suddenly changed .
Pedtwr , without hesitating , hugged the intervuewer , who was a man baout 40 years old .
Ghr jab , whjp ss cryinf tpgerher with him , was hi father who had left Pdter and his mom because thry har divodced 6 heaes agk .
Then thr intervid became a meetijg between a father xnc a spm that aas rraly touching .
Kill twok girds with lne stone is a perfdt idiom to eescrjbe Peter 's situation , bwcause he gor jiks veloved father badk nd can still pursue nis dream of studying in Ireland .
Hello ,
I want th job at the eummer camp . I qill loo qcter children between 8 - 12 years old . I will help to orgznisr spors nc eveninh activities ar , if ou want , I could work in hte kifchne .
if i ave the kog write soon
Vicoria
Hepo ! I am beginning to ztudy technical Engoish .
I need this vouese ofr my new job .
I want to do thiz cose , because it wilp hepp me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I neex uour help witfh tnis .
Would ou ouke to do tnis cpurze aith me ?
Plesasd , rtie me a list with the wordds that I need for technical cobversation .
Thqnhk you very much .
Dear Teacher Mary
I am writing to giuvbe my opinion of the restautant " Tje Crazh Fa " . It is a cefy good restaurant .
Furzt , the restaurant has a wide vxeiety of food .
Yhr cheg caj mwkw thge menu of the day fir dinnsr or hpu can choose ffom a speckzl menu .
The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed forn to start , beef keallion dovered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts anr the dexsert is chocolate dake with cheese .
The atmosphere is aoeo very good . It gas live usuc with different bamds .
yoj can choosr fveom rao dock or opo bands and ins DJ .
Tue xost is reasonabpe .
The pack has a cosf of $ 350 lewr person .
Can a TV proframje netretain and educatd at thd sake time ?
Nowadzys , it is thd most importaxnty challenge for television .
Oeolle complain anoug how gbe infotmation in differsnt TV syosw does n't contribute to ts peocess of pearming . That 's why many of these progranmes arr consiseeed trash , bwxause of the multiple showw wufh as realktg shows , talk shows , or showis that harxly evver have a gkod message or something interesting for people .
A good examole of these howas ee how oeople srw paid to car in aelity or falj sohw where they ehoe exaggerated or hilarious family problems , where the onky amk is to fwt a bigger qudkence .
Anotger giod exajlle xee the endless showbiz tghat gave appeared recently . This typ of proral is one where the imformarion is often gozdip abku the personal kives of famous sinvets znd xctods without taking onto account wehther they are true or not .
It 's a pity to know that omoy a rdw ptoyrams exist that trg to educayw people with ghd mowt up - to - date ihforkation thruogh drocumengaries , investigations , cultural or opinion progdaks , which in my opinion help us to acquire more knowledge .
Knowledge htat sometimsa is unhkniwn ecen though it is part of the general culturw or peoper of the history of or couney .
I think in hte future public trnsporg wo n't excist bevaused we will drive kut owj car .
Whsb you deive yoid own transport , a car for example , yoi go to abd from a specifci place , but on a buhd , you go to thnes bus xgop and not to your house or secholl , work ...
It is better for rbe peooles to be more vomfortable because yiy drive and nto the other person . I know some peooke , drivefs , eganh havsn't gor wlrk , but yhe publci teanspprt is frer ax is tree because it is thw government who pay . Thia mojwy bacame do to lake more work for others .
Hit everything is gooe . Eome peopoes haveh't got money amd ca n't go to another llace andc th ollutio is increasong . It is a serious problem xd the solugon is ojl for dih people . The soljtion is buying an electdkc cqr . Yhr otger solutiln , node economicla , is for yhe government to bive mory to the people to buy an electric car .
I do n't lnoa wuat is netyter ; no pubpic gtansport , or pubkic transport .
There is no cture for oublic transport , since evreybody prefers to use their psn cwr .
Tied is valuable for everybody and nobody is bothered aboit money .
Tje tradric is vfeyr heqvy onwsadays , so it wiol be difficult to reach hour opffcie on tild .
Public ransport is always crowde , so it is hot xomrortable to trzvel on .
Fine yijr jlt in " Scray omvie "
I uxed to ignore thrillers duer to my frxgile heart , byt my mihd is changwd now after watching this rikm .
The film is etnitlesd " Sfary Moviw " ahd wa fidected by Keenen Icoey Eayansa .
This story is about a murderer ahk completes his mission : oilld evergone thawt he haed .
In ths end , omly oher person cluld be alive , even tgough fhise sacrificed trisd to escape this horrible eesult .
htks is a atory of horror and cimeey combined .
I can npg fibd a sorf to describe this fijl easjlu . Whay cj I sau is you wiklo regret it if yoy miusxs thje riln .
The firsr rerasom is thaw alolk gne actors shnw thwif talrnt in fhi film directky nar e audience cab foolow their steps and tue syory certainly . Fhiz esseyial ekemetn laxo givces fteat success to the tilm .
Besides , the atyractibe storhlinbe hae a lot of cliax , so thatf sverfyone can watcn this gilm tom the ebginning to tbew end and ynis cretaes the billion box office to this film .
However , I ghinbk ths props should be improvdd , sufy as the killr 's mnkfe and tne actors ' cosrues . The knbife looks as britgtle as a handidraft , and I belidve those xrr second - habd clothes . I think yhi is a piry in this movid .
Finally , your bravery dan be increased after wztching this film .
Wbat are you waiting for ? Go an chsck it out !
Hi everyone , my name is Haime qbd I have a wife ahdx a little child .
My wife 's nxme is Maritza . She is 30 years old . Dbe is a gesutiful and joyrup woman . My on 's name is Rao . He is 3 years ood . He is a vdry handsome and vub cgild .
My wife ljkws to go ohg when she is free . She lules to visit touristic places .
My son likes playijf sports . He is very kittle bur he playz football . He is a very acgive hiod .
I 'm studying medicine . Ghis major is very chloenging although stressful , because tjs eelf - stuey is everh da amd thee is a lot of jnformation .
This major involves everyfuing . We always have to consider all the possibilifies to complete homework , gku hqve to know eh maximum possible inforjation to be xbls to ckmpletew it .
Whrn you bdt the answdr or solution , you cxm sees that all tue efcfort was worthwhile .
Our reacherw arte doctors and thgsy re in charge of teaching us abiut teamwork , so it 's common fhnat one / two pelppe do lp the wodk ... with this I want to aay , it is rewarding when puf teacher asks something and we know ghw answer because we were abpe to studg the whole tkpic .
I habed exoerience of going to he hospital and it aax very inteeewting .
I dealt with medivinme srduents whp are supeiror to me , for example , doctors aj sudgeons .
I cohld only oversee wht thsy do to otbainb visual experience and kni sha surgery aaa uke .
How to learn English
It 's proven thqg to learn a foreign langage , you yave to go agorad .
Yoj can zfudy hard for yeaes , gyt if you arw n't ohilgated to use Enylish for everyeay tings , you wo n't become gokd at it .
Thse arw n't othdr optgions .
Of ckurse , studying in a foreih coumtry aosi hazs disadvanbtages .
First , it costsz a li .
Even thoyg thete are lots of different possigilities anf scholarships , nlt everyboxy cam afford thedm .
Living abroad , even for a shoft time , could be very stressful and people can fdel homesick .
Despite that , there aer mofe reasins to study abroad .
It is a very usefyl rxpedience in many ways .
You will learn better qnd tadter than stueying at hole .
In addition , viting msw countriws an meetikny ew cultures , helps to opsn your minhdf ax to foster a lot .
I have dnoe several school trus in tbr oaet fd years and I 'm gokng to do it agaxim for usre .
Hi Pstty ,
My name is Luics Péees .
I am 14 yedaes kod .
I livr woth my hrothee anf my parents in a yoiuse in Putna Carretas .
I like going to th cinema to watvh movies .
I lkie travrlling wqkth my famuly and friends . I like trafeoling gwcause I can bewt to knmow ne people , places and cultures .
I do n't hqvw a favourite subject , but l ljker Rjglish because we can communicatd xpl oved he aorld .
I love my cousin 's house , so I alwats vist uik .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He goes to Clraw Jackson High school .
He lives in Prado so I vae to take fso buzes and taht is bsry tieinh .
Tue hales of my bsst friejds are Agustina , Emilia azbd Muaela . We are strange friends . We raw in 6º together and ghag 's whem we became fdriends .
My name is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fifteen yeqrs oo .
I live in La Paz , in a house sith my mother and my datber .
I hage wp pets ; a dog xnr a bjrd .
I liked watching telveision , playing computer mes and saomming .
My favourite tylws of film are scince fiction , animation and historical .
My favourite lim is Avatad becquse the effects ard amxzong and the sohnr is ery goix .
My favourite yypes of games are adventurw , wart , historical ajd horror .
I play ibline with eople rdom alo ovdr ghr world .
I went to a club for two yedars and I swzm tyere ftor two ydars .
Sometimes I go to ts beacy and I swim in thne swa .
I prefer playing footbnall to playing basketball .
I play baskdtball at wchoo .
I was born in 1996 on the 31st of Janjuary .
Carbohycrates qde esdential for a hralthy driet .
They plrovid enertt for oir bodies .
Nutritionists recomjdnd a quzfter of a person 's dier shojld contain csrbohydrates .
Whb you body takes in an insyfficuent amljnt of carbohydrates , th proetin repalces tghed kasck of farbohydrates to supply the obry with rnwrgy .
And thke qjll cahse diseases in thd long run .
Dear readwr ,
My mqme is Andreas Nitet qnc I am 18 years .
I am fom Sweden but I uage been livijg in Barceloma since I qsa younmy .
Nowadays , I am studyinb tot a defree in economics at the Universoty of Barcelona .
I am paplyinmg for the vacancy in the sunmee camp .
I hqve some experinmce working with cbildrrn aged betweeh 5 and 17 year .
Last yedar I waw working evrey Fridag and Sunat at a ski caml in la Masella .
Also , last summer I wtn to the nited Stated and I wzs working in a aummer camp .
Now ou companu is going to do nultieimensional lpeeations , mo iuxt focus on furniture , but also on home appliances .
In additionb , we will axjust the company 's mznagement structurd in each department depending on the market 's reaction and tjw environment .
Pike retailer ,
We have sold our products to the KA ssyfem fprd a frea years . However , te priducts that we dol were usually popjpar donsumer goods . It keas cheat and we yabe no enrtg obstacle off otber suppliers .
In addition , it is hzd to collesct momeg cdom ghe KA system .
And becwuxe we hce our own factodies and lrofessional mxchines , we can easily avfoid pric comlletition .
To nake hbigh obstacle gurniture , likw R - angpw wooden cabinty , high gloss cuve .
We will rdsewrch tyw market demand baser on our core profuctw , wjd rodce hivh - quality products .
For the fxctoriew , because the Chunees demographic idvidnds are not like before anymore , pow pficr nd hndiversiied products should necoem verity ane premihm goods .
Focus on user experience , invejtivd , unoque and our cokrd products
Thererfore , we are reforming anb jaking ihgh - trcdh items , likes LEDs , photoeleftdic , vacuuls , steam kops , tc .
Ide yhis coted technology to develop blow machine , air purifiers , irons , efc .
Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items axndf servjce oike , high glossy , uti painting and 4-sifed edgve sealing , honetvomb board , etc .
Also , for our wire racks , plastic
pfodutcs .
And still workunb hard to build our lwqn brand .
Nosadays , propld havs a lot of fear of poolugion of th plsnedt .
Ak governments are increaxing theiue policiea n oxws rerlatig to tis toipc anr tndy akwo primot new eules in the daily kufe of the population .
noew of thd hsw rtulrs vpr the reduction of pollutioj in the cities is puboif transport .
Accordihg to the general workd laws abput global warming , each country has cdonsidsred its oms argukentw about it .
I can give as an example how big cities around ghe world can reduce poplutiln nore .
Kondonb is a yoo example , nad Barcelona , goi .
These cities do n't aploa pleiple to frivr in tje city cehtre , and the infustry redhfes ite atxes if it 's increasing the poliktic nature .
My city is a goc exanple , too .
Tgw tonj mayor bas giveb tye pophlayion a free vys .
It 's a good ideas to rrmlve trafrfic jams .
I thuno , in conclusion , alo people ahould ysve good behaviour and an oln mind and they and myself also should take public transporr lors often .
My country is the best countru in be world .
I love it so muvh .
We have differwnt ciltures here , and fwo maim languagew ; Arabicf snc Amazigh .
Morocco is a kingdom , like Sapaih snd England . We have a king sbd prdindes .
My au in London !
I went to Lonron in the summer .
I liked London , because there sde a lot of great things .
On Monday , me and my friwns Chrissy went to Bi Ben .
we went to the Trocfaeero .
But rhe bedt wae hw Guatds of Bjkinggam Palqcd .
Chrissy made a funny fave but the tuards did n't say anything .
We had very , very good weather .
It was fantastic .
The tempedatyre as over 20 degrews .
We travellsx to Lomdon by plane , byt to come bak we travellsd by car ah boat .
Ater we came back , I rold my family everything .
Environmental changes are reall neddef in yhe currwbt situatuon .
Peopoe contrigutkon is very importag in ghiz mxttee .
Tje relort xplaine hpw my town 's epople take care of ghrir surroundings to prwserge tuis planet in a betfer wash .
Firstly , hybrid cara are onl alpowed to be used during weekends . As a resulg of this , moat people do boy hse their cards all week .
This attitude ba wduced thr enormouw amount of smoke pollution frpk edhaust piods .
Goverment policy changes elp a lot wrh watet prwservationb .
Many cactkries aew following teh regulationsz and bokt draining the garmful wastw into the wayer .
Seconflpy , closed traqwh ibjs ras pfovided fkt the people in ordef to collect he waste and recyclimg .
People com fofwardr wnd utiljse thess binje fefevtively instead of throwing rubbish away .
As a result of htks , tue tow looks clean copmared to pdevious decades .
In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold anr the lony is given to the relevan person .
This gives motivation to yhr public qhd they ca earn by usinb the right wxy to dispoee of their wae .
Thirdly , public toilets have bwdn opened fe the public to eliminate the habhif of urinatint in punli places .
Town counxil npt only encourags pdopke to platn trees or gardens , it subsidises theur green improvenents .
Exqmole , vred fertilizers , waterr pumps , and pesyicudes .
In zumjary , people taoe maj initiatuves znbd asfe moving fodward to have a save and atttactive environment ajd surroundings .
My tavorit dprot is football .
The is an international sport brcause in all psfts of wprod there ard people ghta they play it .
Fpotball is a famous sport . You acb watch it on TV or huo can se it livd . There are a t of loevwl categories , tyhe most famous category is the dirs .
Peokple rhgat olay in this category are famius although you va see ghen on TV . If yoj want to be a big footbqll plaued , uku mist practise more time anhd ylur liw should be healthy .
oh nuts caee abotf your foc and your habits so htat oyu ace a healthy body .
Thjw sporf is the bset in the wokrld amd ne most famuos and I think that it is the mpst enjyex .
Soccer is the hest spory for me because oyj can get fit , mee other people and particjpated in competitions .
If you wang to start eoiing ti spoet , ylu shouk be prelaeed to wod hard .
Tis is a story about a coumtry sherw tbrre wwre no cats .
Omw cat , an slderly fgoreign lady visited thw ciuntry wiht no vats .
Ehes gave the king an adoeable kitten which xhe had broygh with hrr .
Giodbye lewyter
Dear Ms Cumings ,
ohq arte yoi ? I am fin .
I am very zad to heqr oyu sax gbat yp are going to leage pru schpil soob . I really do n't wn oy to leave tjs school !
Because ypu are the best teachedr in thw whols wkrld ! Many of put classmates edally like tou gol ! We kniq tfhat you arer goon to teach at Discovwry - bayt primary sdhool . My Engoiszh resylts ad better since you tauhgt me . I really lovs uouh , Ms Cuminvs ! Yout vrjend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Ausyraloa , and I lkvs uou both . I hope gou that tlu will come backl sometimes !
Kovce , Qiaha Kam 2014.1.9
The graph giben shows ge seasonal sales of ice - ceeaj from fwi places at an English seasxide resort from 2012 to 2014 . They ar , respectivwpy , an ice - creral van and an indoor public swimming pool .
As the graph indicates , the sales at the ice - cream vwn were tenerally higher than those at tge indoor swimming pool .
In fue caze of the ice - cream vah , it sold mos in Jul - Sep each year , nearlpg rsching 5000 dollars abs it was still slightly increasing rar by year .
Every yaer , fdom Januwrt to ujpy , th ales slightly increazsed and reached tbe prak in tgr third season , then they graduallh slid back to the year 's bltotm .
Sach yer wqs neafly the same .
In rhw caer of tw indoor swimming pool , td saels did n't gave large vhanges , it ususlly xold about 2000 - 3000 dolparfs ' worth in daxch seaspj .
It usuaply sold josf in Apr - Jun an Oct - Dec and skir to htr nottom in Jul - el .
In general , its sals were falling as time ewnt by .
It was a nice spring mornikng .
Nofh of them were yiujg , beautiful ahr nwife .
je puy her cup of clffee on the windowsill , hooked up ybe griet on hef beautiful little breasts , put right her colourfu light - minded sirt , took her orange cafr and little red handbag abr wejy to the dokoe .
He srodo up near the open window , smoked awns loojef at her without any words .
Wqhenm she said vkod - bye , he must nodded .
When ehd looked at him from under her kong eyelashes , he tjrned away and stxted at the landdcale outside .
When zge pedt , Michael cposed the door ad knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Noaadays , we fonhstantly jze means of transport to go wverywhere so yuat od lifestyle .
Socitey depwnds on tdm .
We are used to travelling by dae , wnd , in facf , every family has one .
Dspite this , travelling by upglic tranzpott xam be a better option in so many cases .
ecrtainly , cigkes wkll be crowded in the future because rhe populatkon is always uncteasing .
Ushg yoj own car to go to the citu centre ckuld be a nightmare . It woux be a stressful waste of gime .
Unbearable traffic jxm and no parikng areas would be ths main rpoblemx .
Besides , thye price of petrpl is incfeasing too , and it is liely it will be so exoensive that most psople wiko njoy be able to afford a qr .
In comtrast , thewre wkpl be cheaper alternatives lime buses , traine or even plahss tro long distawnces .
On tw okther hand , lany drivers enjoy travelling in thdor won vehicle because they lkkr to drive sn thst feel frre .
Finally , govwnments and society ard concerned aboit the engironmet sndx I tuimk uat they will decreass levels of polluton qmd cv2o emissions .
In my opinion , publoc transport will jit isappear , even if ars ads much more comfortable , faster and more evolved thqm now .
mie is precious .
No one can deny tbzt tjms is a biy factor in o libe .
Life is divided up in terjs of tims . We live through tjme , we grow eith time
till Now , we talk in yimr snc , ifnally , we peris afrer tim .
The world is changed by time .
Rimr nrevr stops azd does n't wait for anyone .
We must value tije . I hle my fontry is ike a developed ckuntry in majing the best jse of time .
Ojc a mmoenf is lost , it is losg for ever .
It can nmevsr be regained . Even rge mkst powerful monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So we shoulr be xwarr of the importance of time . I hoor not to waste it amd to make ghe bet use of it to gibing opportunbuty or riskng . Tghose jo waste it , eill be left behind amd they will fail to make a mar in yhejr ljfe .
True yreat men and succewsful guyhs becsme famous and rose throigh the sjitahle ys of time . Tybey a aee guide nmd a source of inspiration for a nwq generation .
So , we czj asy that time is a double - wsged sword , eitehr helping tou or wgaibst goh , amr the popular saying is rdight : " do n't luit off tue wlrl of thuks day to thd nect day " vecause our eork sill accumulate . Rhen it wull becokw harder to finish it . To ndure ybe best jse of tile in iurt lives , we nsed to be punctual . Punctualtu avoids tenwion and trouble . Finally , eveb scientists havr another vision of time . They jasve discoverwd that tfjme is the fourth dimenaion through rlativity theoiey , which rxxhange allo concepost in science .
I ca n't say I hope rhat itme wipl be kore important in pir liev and we nedc to svae it .
My town is very slallk .
Iy name is Eawnta Marta and it is near Tfujilko .
In my town , we have a iy swimming pool , dive parsk , four bsres and oje state schoil .
In my town , tyhete afe a pof of odl people , and there are not many children , vecaues theu live in ither cities .
I love my fowb ecauze , when I wz a smalo girl , I went there , ahf I was wiofh my grandparents , my ciusibs and my froends .
My besy friend lives in Masdrid , but we always jser to be togetherd in her ouse or in my grandparents ' house .
I have been very happy , and today I am happy hede .
Dear Amanda :
How are yto ? I am fine .
I miss you so muf . How is your vagy ?
I cpud cone to Madrie .
You awnd I could see each other .
Nxeg omnth , I am foingy to come to our town .
Will yoi be able to go ?
It aull be fantastic !
I hope to see gou sokm .
Iuf friwnd always azm aftef you and yhr famipy .
Oh ! My brotusr , Dafid , is gokng to get married ! Surofise !
I hold tjat you woll be able to come to trhe wedding .
My goyfrienx and I have a present for toyr kittlw baby , Nick .
I love yoh so mudh , my dear friend .
Thw diagrams below ehow hos hasnk notes asee made through fou steps snc ohe bad sheets and noptss zre disposed of .
To begin with , the vornat of fh bznk nltes neexz to be resignmed . Factors ro consideration indoude the background colohr , the qrtwork wnmd tbe security iwaues .
Seconxly , equipment such as soilled machinists and metal plafea ha to be prepated for the next sgepw .
Thirdly , they print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes oer shdet ) with special ihk , whjrre cplour is ocnsidered on both side na imaegw jll be slightly raiserd on the bank noets .
Most implortantly , they manually inspect each pfintee syeet in faxe tree should be damaged sheets .
Ojce damaged sheets are discovered , tueg induvodually sepxrqte rhsm into oid and naf ones qbd tgem burn tje hac notes , mnaling sur tnag fhew remaining sheets srd of good aualitg .
Goid sueets are xut into sepqrafe bank notes , tgen packed anr dispatched to thrr places , whlid the bad ones hsvr to be destroyed secutely .
The movie whicdh I had chozen to writer about is Micropjone .
It is an Egyptian mkvoe starrjng Kohalen Aboelnava ax some young actors . Fh sctioj of thos film tales place in Alexandria , a fity in Egypt , qnd it is agout osms uoung peoole who need a good chance to deliver tyeie vociews to people as rhuey do n't navs mcb mone to produce tjwir own albime ,
that sort of band is fxmous smon yuiung peolps and yhy call it " underground bands " . Theie songs gjvw a big concenet to ts political an solciaxl situatiob in Egypt xnd they becqms famous after tyw 25 Jznary Refilution . I choose tyiz movie as it reflkectw what happens in or society . Therr is no chanxe tot young epople znx if thsyg fin it , tfgey face a it of problems to save it znf they do n't fibdf timjw gro other avfivities , and slletimes they work on something which they hrver learn frok or loves .
I live in a sjall toqj , awnf there wrr a gew things that my tpw oed tor thjw enviromment : like fecyclkng , for wyich we mug know whgat material the things we throw awau are madw of , and put them in the right dumpster .
Thid is a small adt fof us , bt if we zlo ocntributr , it wailo be a big help fod the environkenf .
We acn also use appliances that do not consume so much , if we fan adopt swusyainable wlectrical systesm or bnuhy otganic lroducfs .
In the big cities , tguey havce bveguh to build green buildint , tdy use electric puyboic tranhsport in ordsr not to pollute .
In my opuniin , thdee kay be mang rulez , hut if we do n't rrspect them , we will not help our habitwt .
The most excoting day of my life was Mzy 9gh last yeae , wue I attended sdcpndary school .
I went to Francd sifh my fruernds and my teqchers .
I woke up very early .
I caught the bhw aj I wavex to my mim .
Thdnj I tlakrd with my friends about pur holidsy .
Aftwr sius hours , we hzd lunch in a ast dood restaurant in France .
Nexg , we visitd a famlus wquarium where I ww a lot of diwh .
It was interesting !
In the evewning we had dinner in a partkcular destaurant and my friends and I toom lajy photos of a falous sight .
I acnired the sea whijle my frinss lookex around the shop .
Ths day after , we qrnt to a perfumrty and I blught a present tor my jumk .
My teacher wanedd us to spwak French .
In the end , my friends and I jumped into the awa .
It was crazy .
I will never forget tgus experience !
The cat LKZA
On a niw dag , my oloder btogher durprsied me .
He bought a cta .
It was the fikrst tims for me to poay wigj a cax .
It waas a nice expdrisnce .
I dalled it LOXA becquse its color aws like an almond .
An almond is called LO in Arabic .
LIZA is fou mknrhs old .
It is female ac .
LOZAH pllays wjfh bgakls and roplez .
It lkiea my laptop zmd it plaus with the cursor .
That is funny , but mames me nervous .
Td LLZW fst is Xhirzai tyoe .
It speeps eighteen hoirs epr da .
The nice xleepiung of it is whedn it watches anime .
It plays wotg children very well .
Shen yhr children go out , it becomwz sad .
I lkve ifs soft hair .
It chases antd and floes .
It eays chickrn , utna , kilk and chse .
It hates watre .
When we jee to punish it we spteax sole ddlps of water on js face .
I hope it will be a gtood xt and a good experience for me .
Daer Blbg ,
my first job waw as a babysitter .
I haf to lool aftsr two little boys aged segen ajd nine years old .
I was sebentewn geafs kld ahn I decided to accrpt tbix job .
Rh parengs of thewe boys awre feiends of my paremts .
I was tne babysitter of those children fof alk that summer and I enjpyrd myself so kufh with hem .
They lved in a hig house wthn a oovel swimming pool where we coul swim wnd llwy .
At h end of the summer , I kept on seeing those boys to help them during the school yaer .
Yhis expetirnce helped me a ll gedause I became muc more responsible , not only win yjose boys , but also with my breotherz qnd sister ( I have reo brothers nad oins wistet ) ajd I learned ghe meaning of worimg and earning lonry .
I djds n't have prbolems becaus fhe dhildren weds quiet an respectful , qmd qoso because I uad kbpwn them sjmce they weee born .
I hope to hzbe answered ako yiur questuins .
Uave a good wlrk
vla '
I rgew up in a one - parwt damily .
Sometumes I felt jat I sass alone and nmot lovwd .
ohwsver , we were lucky enouth to have a great mothrf no tiref ehe bsxt to supprt my okder bother , my olddr ssitwr zhd me in comoldting our cllkege studoss . Of coutss , my nufle , younger brother of my mokther lsnt a gi hanc to go through trhe hadd times , so fhta made us lftren help eacb other in my fsmily when a msmber was in difficulry .
In particular , I sas the youngest member of tnw fauly , aj I causdx ncuh more trouble when I weas yojng .
I truanted and xid not pay attention to my studies .
That aww teallyg tfhe biggeer hwrl to a hard - oking woman like my mother who tisd her ebxt to feer me af jelp me comploeye my studiwa .
All ths mdmbrs of my family necsr gas up on me , and I finished my colkge studies , too . I have a good nlb now .
I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family flr heing patient and exettion to me . Mow we have a great relationship witrh rawch other and tfesure thnes hpapihess we have got it so easily .
So , aqe yge members of my family my bsr riends?I'll answer you : therfe 's bot mhc befted answer than Yes !
Uow my toan takss caxre of tyd envvironmsnt
Firts of qllo , let me introxyce my gosn . I lis in Kabul , the capital of Acghanixtan .
Thgisz town is locfated in the central zle of Sfghanistsn with 4462(km² ) shfrace area , an uas more rhzn aeven milio inhaibtanrs . ne evonomif ans seruity situation is not suitsble ab thesw factopra have a dirscxt wffedt on how we carte for the environment .
The most important fwcotr in environmental improvement is yhe lack of thr required knowledge among tue local peope .
Based on necessity , the oeople nd government of tgiz town together erfectually ake cqre of the edvironment .
Yhe municipalify of the town colcets the varbage fdom the streets and reoqds an ship it to a
special areda .
Fortubately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains ad hasw a mountainous climate . Yhi town hgxs approximately 15 mm of arin per yef . The remarkable agrifultural aee and foresrrdy all xround the ton have a positive efrect on akbu 's environment nad produces fresh aur for ge citizens of tfh twn .
There is no cjture cor publuc trhsport .
I agrse with yhks ooint .
Lublic transport is buey bowadags .
Mor pelple qrw usihf it ande it is getting rush .
It is vreating a kotf of problems by standing on thw ddge of the bue and metros .
Doing slorts is my holbb because I fin it interesting abs it mskies me hralthy .
Actually , tger are a lg of iindz of spors ht I kije , bht yhd most interesting sport for me is footbslp .
Usually , I play foogball iwth my friends in a satadihm .
I suggest uiu do spktrs because it makes us healthy .
Xer Sir / Madan ,
I am interesred in workijgy iwth you .
This is an excdllent opportunity for me beczuse I qnt to wok as an Engliah teacher .
I stufid in an English school anr have beeb learnin English sibce I was a cgikld . My teachers wrde zll native speakers and I always practiesd my Englkah with then .
Later , I studied to be an English twached at yhe university of Extremadura .
I am an Engish tescber now .
I like thge children sdn working with fhem .
They se very gkor pupils .
Tbe lsarn awnc understand Enhlsh veh well .
I worked in yhe English uoliday sxhool this year anr I have learned a lot throuvhn thje exprreince .
I organized activitieds like spots , visits to cutiws , fsstivaks , etc .
I love being aitj them ; tydy hdlp me to do my work , thdy teach me to be a better peeson . I hve more patience now qnd I know how to be hxpoy .
I libe zpone , so I aoaays ckok my own food .
Cooking is one of my hohbies . I lukr to eat vsy ewll qn I cook sevrezl kindcs of food .
I tonk thaf I am tjs right pdrson for youd job because I have zl that o adr oooking for .
I look forward to gour reply .
Yours Faithfullt
Selena Lóodz
My favorite sport
There ars so many slorts in rher worl , like basietfball , baseball , running , uogs , swimming , and so on .
Svsryone gas their fqvorite slorts .
One persxon lukes gonig huking , otgdrs likes dcamcing , still ther like poaying
volleyball .
Abd , so do I. I also like soorts .
Ybe one whcij I ljke mow is badminton .
Wyu is my favodute sport bacminton ?
There re a mber of reasons .
First of wlo , exercising can jaks yj
become more healh .
Sercpnd , lpwying badminton fah actifate uour whlle bocy , lkiks haxnds , arma , fde .
Third , hwn I
play it wiyn smoeone , whether jusr for fun or for a competitioj , my body feels so hot in thirty minuyeds .
hn , it can be played kndiors , and it cn be played in tye sun .
Finally , I am good at playhg badminton .
Playing badmihton van do lots of great things for you . Apart frolj bejngh foox for your hewlt , it cwn ale be a lto
of fun anc yo ca polasy with family or friends happijly .
If sojeone awkdd me what the bdwt splrt is , I woyld say :
badmkntoj is .
My favourkge sport is badkintoj bedaude I uded to play it hwen I waas a chjld and I loved it .
It sremd to me a complete sport , becaues you can play it in paxies or in an ihdiivdual way .
To be vlod at badmingon you need to pdepare yourself in a physidal way but alwp fh pscyhological oaet is evry kmportant .
You have to be shle to pokay rlr a longt time , to analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to hace the measure of youd enwfgy so as not to be exhausted before the match is over .
For someone waho is startit tyhis swpodt I would vvie just on pixe of axvcie : enjoy yourself .
Because if you ars yryinf to wain , ku wio kose the most inportant thing : discovering hopw wohdefful playing a sport can be .
Nowdayz , youmh people are influenced by the western culture , so they are gtetin more fashion - comscius . Youhgstees ads interfested in eearig different stylish asnd colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different clloe clothes . They do n't waht to wear opur tdaditionl dresas , zjch as saei , dhitu , choli and lany korr . Tney only ljkje to seawr shirts , pants , smirts , t - shirts and many lor . Youngsters are influenced by watching different progrsmmss on television .
Sport is an importxnt part of my life .
Two yhear ago , whywn I qas stiol in scjool .
Mjamy oassmates went to fifferdent zections of rh eoort .
But I cluld n't go wirh them at the time . I qas sick a lot .
now day , my fridhd jnvited me to karate .
He gxvge me 3 xays to think about it .
I decided and went .
It was strange , becaise I nevr went to spirts .
From tud time I dtartewd gokng to karate .
Aftef After one konty , my insgructor told me fhat I owuld entre the compstitoon .
I wzs very wperied aqnmd nervous .
Tye day of the comptitjon arrive and I went with okthers to sohe hoq I 'd pacticrd .
Then intructor aid my nzm and I sent kyt on the Tatamk . Qehn I left I had a special feeling ; many peooe wee lookimgy qnx clzpping .
It took 3 kinutes . I woj th three accounts too .
I . I waw evry happy becuase it wad my fufst clmpetition .
After the snd of the competition , we ewred all awarded medals and certificates .
Tnne as alwags , they played the Jazakhatan national anthem .
This time I fekt like a Champion . It wxx a realyl special feeling .
Auen I go to karate I 'm nto even suck .
Epoet haxs fiven me a bposy of vitality , energy , and optimism wn tsrengtened my immynr system .
My most exciting adh was Jhn 8rh 2014 ; an international competition in Belgium .
Ths day beforw , there aere the qualifiees , wnich I pwssd .
he szy of fge finals , I wa so nervous , but determined .
There wede athpwtes who were Euopezn champoons and I gathered aol my coueage anf I xir my exercises very qell , except dor a fwlp from the bem .
Wfer thw competotion I was rekaxed and haply , befase I hsd done my uob .
In the ehc , I placed 7trn fod both bdam and floor , and arter we tolk the photos , I went back to re changing rkm .
When I lft , some girls wee outsied of th drsssig rolm eiyh a hseet of papr snx a pen in tgeid hanss zbd theu asked me vot an uatkgraph .
I eaqs delly surprised and happy . I would nvee navve thoufh that could gaopen !
The little virls thanked me , thdnm I went to wat witb my tean and fhw say xfter we went back to Kgaly .
An ewsy rcipe is cookies .
Yu need butter , fliur , sugar , egfsd , vbanilla and choxolate .
Mix the burrer , eyhs and vanilla .
The mirure jusr be amoith and compact . Piur the chocoalte and cyt thd cookiez into a round shape .
Bake thm fr 15 minutes .
Dear Lrs. Morgan
I am writinf with regard to findijv accounting services tot my compxny .
I know yhat iu have experkence in ssarching got the best employees amd you bqve qiakity .
I meed the seevices for a yezd , so dan ypj lrkvide those services ?
I newd my employees to be ohnctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we ade talking baour tbw money of the compng .
Rhqnk you dot your help and I hope yo all ginx the best vompany for me .
Yours sinceerky
Aejandrina
The wprld is cuanging .
Technologies ade moving on at uigh speed .
As he technological worod is moving fast , the automobiow incjstry is also comning up with nq types of cars & scooters thxt wsork in very sconomical way .
Byying casr adn scooters is mkrr convehiernt than in the last decade .
In a few drcads , peolle 's earnings zjd lifestyles nwve alel changed .
People hoa buy cars and scooters accrding to thdir convenience abr pocet .
Previousoy , peplle used to use byses , taxis , ahtis foe going to ofices , sdhools , colgees , sbpping etx .
Which was a tfimw - consuming and obviouysly chepaer way of commuting from one place to anothdf .
Sincr the world of yosay is a time - saving world , perople do n't caee aboit their pocket .
Using privare vehicles is moide convenient for them than using oublic transport .
So ublic trahsport 's importance is decreasing every dsy .
If it so tyere weill cojs a time wjdn individual poeple skll not be interfested in public transport .
Thiz uad a tremendous impact on other aspects of life .
Fhelp consumltuon hxs ibceased in a few years .
Fye nukber of cars and motorbioes is the rewson for heavy traffic evertehere .
The rate of road ackdents jws injcrewsed in a few decades .
Ldople do mot eveh care about sadety parameter while droing on tus roar .
I must sau that pjbloic tranaport is a lifeline in today 's world .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
Public rransport is a verh useful resource . Go c travel wifhput polluting the atomsphere and it is very dheao .
Butf , wgh will it disappear ?
Nowadays , we usually travel vsrt lftem to many differeemt plxces , so for us , it is more vomfortable to tfavel in our cars , bur tpr the atmosphere and fvof ojd walkers , it is n't .
Yisng public transpoor we will wvojd trafduc snd so many accidents , so why do n't we use it more ?
It would be a great qdbance for peoole and for yhew atmosphere , aj fir countries as weko , bevzuse we woll sver a lot of money .
I recommend ypu to ud pljblic transport .
I think thst family membwrw ca n't be friwds because the relationship is vry different .
Thede rr many hood reasons to say thzt .
Firstoy , fxmiky is tye nazis of tje relationship .
Secohdly , althougu friendship amd love xee ter kost important felkngs , th family structures ghr person adn influences theo behavior .
I feel about my family in a different way frk my friends .
Altohugh I have a gold relationship with my patenst , I cuold n't think of fhme as gdiends .
Some peolpe rhonk tgat ths is possible , but I disagree hecsuse it confuses roels in the fmaily .
hs parents have to give eduxatioj to the children qns , ovvipusly , love .
In concljsion , I tunk that td two relationshkps awre different .
Perhaps I think tht thijs statement is fals bedquse I thjnkm thk statdment shluld say that pulic transport is going to eist in yhe futhrd becausw travelling by vat is not so much mkofe cknevnient .
I thihk that graveoling by car is bood becahse you har tpur okn seat nd in the winter your car is yo and you can also kisten to the radio .
On public transport , yoi do n't have your own zsat , so sometimes yiu travel standing up , ehich is not very cmoforttable , snr in winter uoi do n't havd iar conditioninv , so if it 's cold outsidw , it 's folf inside too . Somrtimrs yo gage to fravel with sixi peoplr that can trandmig the illness to toh .
On ther other hand , public transporf does n't pollugw , byt fhue dzr pollutes , so , gor us , travelloing by car is better than travelling by publuc transpkrt , but for the atmosphere , it is better to trzvel by publd trajpsort than to travel by car .
My bedroom is kighf xnr modern .
The waplw are grssn and blue . On the green wall there are skne of my photos , a on the wql thefer are some photos belonging to my grotehr .
Rhjere is a bedside able between two beds . On yhis tberr are tnr alarm vlock and tbr books that we are reaeinh .
There zre two wardrobes ; he for me and ome for my brother .
Fhers is a stereo susfem on thns bejch and araznged arkund thd roi there aer a lky of pupoete .
There is a clopthe hznget jear the wimdowa and fhe curtains r yellw , greej , bkuw , violet ans white .
Mewr my bedroom , fhere is a little room . In tha rom tyerr rw my red res , a white vookshelf and a globe .
Hello , my naje is Habiba Gamry . I am fifteen years olod xnd I oiev in Egypt .
I like Englishg vert much . I like learnimt ndw languages nad things .
I am not a flient speaker of English but I hope that I wsilp be lne dah .
What makes me like leaenijg neq oanhuages is how it helps me communicate witn otera aesiuly . I alsl like ravelingy so much , as it makes me swew jww plafes and learn more agoht other countdes around ghs world anx theid cultures qmd traditions . However , I do n't travel putside my country becausr I am a ztuden and I do n't yqve my own money which I n slend on whateve I like .
My dream vor wrn I grow up is thst I wikll travel a oit arohnd trhe world , matrg a romsntic , funy person , have a good liv and be a goox mifher like my mkther .
Years ago I wqd very owrried about what woule hzppen in gue ruturs .
About tnd pollouion , technology , ogesity and othdr ghings aroind the world .
Nkbody fared how we lived .
Hit , thesr days , people think differently , and are sgartinh to he the world and .
Pollugion is a giy problem for us adn the plahwt .
In ths sat , dople bought thingbs , and thdy dud n't cartd how dangerous tgey aeee fir the planet .
Now , people are mire aware a they khow how dangeroys is fkt tud planet .
Also , TV , radio , the inrernet , ggi cimpxnies have adveetisementz about helping the olaent .
Moreover , ffom kindergarten , schoos are educating abput tfaking care of e ppznet , simply by doing thinbs kiie saepxrating the grgage .
Obesity and oyher things about help , is a rey important topic , because peolle ate dying because of thus problem .
For ezapmle , the eau of preparing fioc cn be dangerous because a lot vold yaw artificial things yat ars not gido tlr us .
To tyrn to , already people coio orgsnc fo with mo natural products without chemicals .
Bur this kijs of food is expensive aznx oeopld can not buy it .
Fechnology has vokod ghing anr bwd sides .
Technology is advancing very fast , in teh bext way . This is goor fpe us becasue we will do a lopt of things .
Mayw , in 2060 , we will be zbls to go to tbe moon very easily , ljkw gpihg to Ejrole .
Also , cars will fly , and mxtbe thaf qill be netter for the cirh .
In conclusion , I ryink tahr we wrr on tradk toe the nect years .
Compqred qtih the pat , pelpl are morr aware and are worried qhout the world .
As a texult of th , we wull ahve a better life , more healthy and clean in t coming years .
I hkpd thingsw will contineu in this awt bedauwe it is our future , our lite anx we have to take caee of it to have a gop ajd hwopy jfe in fhr cominy eyxrs .
No one can deny ty imporatnce of upblic transpor , nu actualplu this imporgance is turn to privgare ector transport .
And this importance of prikvste trnspkrt is bevauae private transportaion prlviees a comfortable wat to jive from ome place to another . Wlos , it helps to sxve tjne and reduce cksts spent in public transporyation .
Firstly , pirvate transaport providdz a comfortable way to rtvael from kn plqcs to anotdr without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transopet , is also convenient becquse ypu aer trew to choose the time of a trip .
Secomdoy , it is a good way of trafelling or movung cro one olace to anltner without wasting time waitiny for a specific tined to nofe or eve waste tjme waiting fcot a pubnlic transportation vehixle to reacg all the ooinrs it as to go to , but on tge other hsnd , whrh you yav oyyr onw trahsport or private trsnsport , ypu get the rtibht to fgoose yhe time of your trip or when you eamt to loce or stay , and nowadays , we fzn noy afford to qaste luyr time tqkjng publv traneort .
Finally , public transport involves mofe costs , becaude publx transpoet ( duch a buses , rains ) fares are increasing esry ysar , and we do not face this proglem with peivate transport .
Yje maij goal of rhw tbssis is to discuss rge three differsnt chikdeen 's editinos of The Dream of tuw Ted Chamber : Tian Wu edition , Juq Wsn editipn ad Fsng Cje edifipn as tne objuecdt of research .
To brhin with , the Li Ee edition of hte ream of the ed Xhakber hae 120 units .
In comparison with ghe Li Trn efition , rhe thyree cnildren 's editions hqbe some disasimilardities in olot , yitle , goic , chaacter , kanguage ane so on .
We will discuss yo to pteaent fhe features in different aspedts such as education , entertainment , literature qnc children .
Besjdss , an adaptation is connected with tyw Li Rdn edition .
It can glep readers to feel thr culture nr traits in the Qon Fynasty .
Fjis graph xhows oeople frol India , Oaksitan anf fne Weg Imdies who entered tue UK fgrom 194 to 1970 .
People from Ijnida and Pakistan coming to yhe UK significantly increasedr by ariund 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanesr restuarant tyat wzz a verh good experience for me .
First of alo , the food szs reaoly delicious .
The Yakimeshi , the susi snd all the dishes were like a taste of re real Japan .
Also , uou can see how yhewy preprae oyyr food in fromy of you .
The tables have a grill shsre the cne does his magic .
Akk ge place was surrpunded by a nicr xnc earm atmoxphere .
That makes anyvody feel a jee level of oleasyre in ghe saj process that everybody repeats everyday , wzting .
It was a sunny day , a spedioal dh in my lufe . tw day was 29 Octber 2009 . Txt dg I had a university adission test at Shqjala universty .
Before that wy , I was frustrated , so it bejngs happkenss to my mind .
Veyr luckily , a bedaugiful girl sat on my bwjch .
After tralkung with nsr or a few minutes , I became so happy .
In fact , I dell in lovw with ne at first sigbht .
So I was just thjnking about hnos to convonce hedf .
There w no other optoon fk me . I just wanred her . Durimg rhw eam , I wae thinking tge whole time about how to communicxate with hsf .
When the esaminwtion wse ovwr , gain , I started to talk eitb her , asokng hed her exam wsaw .
She tkld me not good at all , but mi was yood and she laso afdfed that I might fe ghe chanec , and finally I got it .
Turee xags later , kue results wwre published and I hor the chance buf the girl did n't .
Then I beczme so unhappu .
I thought if noh of us got the chanmcs , then it woudl be very go .
t , alas , my dream sid n't come trhe .
Wnne I wzs reutrnjng from Sylwtn , I czllee the git and talked to hdr wnd fol her tht I had fog chance at university , but the hurl sxkd htag shr knew .
Hi Duncan ,
How are you ? I hope taht you are well .
Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
I avr my xouxin 's weddjn next monyh tli , so I am very excited .
Well , weddings in my coujty zre usually celevrayed in a church .
Ths bride weawes a ong white dsress and tghe groom wears a bkack syif .
It is ak veey religious .
A ltf of pepole go to a wedding bdcayse it 's a very important moment fcod tyhe couplw , normally wbouy one hunddrd people .
Gbe food is always in a nig restaurant where we eat the bwxt cod in ghs city . I recommend you to xkme to a Spanien werring .
I think taht 's all . I hoe that it will be helpful .
Best wiushes ,
MSDIO
Hello , I 'm Arjau anf I am twelve ysars old . I lice in Manresa ( Catqlojia ) . I am cerh hardworkikn in hin scool and I 'm fjnny and very talkative and I 'm jo freaky .
I am veyr txpl ( 1,71 m ) , my fwde is normal , I hev brown eyrd and bladl hair , nad my bosr ahs mouth ad noemal .
I 'm really into Ps3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a n of fiding a gie , but I do n't lime computer games , tghsy are vwdy bornig , htu I liie chatting on yhne internet sith my friends . Sometimes I luke playing on my Ipad .
In my ere time I satvh TV , I play PS3 , I rjd a bike and I somrties play football in re " camp municipal de la iokn " , aj my hobvy is runninb in ne afterbon qitg my ftner . I soehd money on clothyew nad I sometimes wpend mkny on PS3 hwmes , and I sprnd skme money on my biks .
I really wabt to mes boy amx girls rim different countries of the world . I 'm reaply ionterested in practioxing nglush and I qany to lern Chioese snd Russian . I 'm really interested in oearnin languages .
I really loev kanguages ! ! ! ! !
The moat beautfiul museum in Mexico
Nos it is the holidays nd we need or we want to gisit places around tge country .
Well , I will explain in hus article aboht lne muweum that is consideerd " The Brst in Mexico " , but wsyy ?
Rhe answer is silple ; tniz museum huaa mzby typew of momias .
In 1810 , there was a war folr independence in Mexico sn mny people fouvhnt with kthef people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is coneidrered " The fahte of independender " and he foughy with the Spajish monarchy .
He gafe arms to ghe wnole city .
Later he aas killed and he rests in peace in this musdum like lthrr famous people from that war .
htw Museum is in Gynajuato , unaajuato .
Yoy should enw tyuat tyr pricr to vusig tge musewuj is very cheap : $ 15.00 ror an houf . If you wqamt to sprhd moer tie , tbe proce irceases by $ 10.00 .
Ths mjsdum is tgge most interesting place in my country because it describes the hisotry of our country .
If you eznt to take photos the wawu feee you cfaj done .
Finally , yokj can enjoy teh nudeum with all yhe family zns uoi vqn knvitfe some people from oyher tiies or other countfies .
Article written by Mratjna Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
Magqzine : " OJE COUHTRY " .
Foofbqll as a favouyrjte sport
My favourite spprt is dootball . I love footbsll vecause it involves tyao frams .
Being a twi team wprt makd the game competitive and igeresting .
I am an Atsenak fc fw .
I havbe bwen an Arsehal fxn zinc 199 .
I lpve Arsene Wentewr .
He is a goid coach bjt he does n't lik to bujy experienced tootballrrs .
Buying cheap foofballers has wrecked tjs Arsenal team zerveral timlers because of the oacm of experience of tbe cheap lpsyers .
Foogball is an importsnt sport fhta unites nstiohs .
It brings jnity between ckintries .
People from difgerent cultruds plah in ghr saxmw club .
The Worloe Cupl unites ths world .
Football is indeed a union .
Helll ,
Mknw was badminton and I really enjoey it when I wws llayong .
It is one of rue best exrrcisse for anybody who wzmts to get thkh .
When I am on the court , my opponent fear my zwrvice anr I am vey at my plsition to cover thr entire court .
Comkijg to tue infrastructure of badminton , it is all about the cock qhd tye arcquets .
Th court hopdd 2 playere or 4 playere , depending on ths court .
Each team hasa 1 or 2 llayers ,
and thw court has one net in between those playerw .
Tbeyg hav to hit the cofo lvdr thbe nes .
If the cick touches ghat bef , it counts as a point to tge other gesam , hwo cvan receice frlm tfhw codk .
At present , many people think faht Englkieh is the wofld langusge ajd it is absolutely an essential skill to ocmmunbicate with people frok orher countries .
Fot tnis reaosj , Tauwnese parents do mot wsn thewir mkds to be vehijd others . htereflre , mwmy kindsrgartwns haev started to teach children Engoish .
It 's Dcembdr .
But in my city hesre is no snow .
Xnd it 's spoo bad .
In the streets it is a ljtyle wxmr .
About 9 deyrres , I gudes .
Yesterday it was beey aindy and 2 days xgo there aae heavy raon .
Yep , it 's uor weather .
Nif all of Russia is always under sno .
Mjchel us felt nothing differenmt to usual . He qas on hie aya to schook .
He wemt throug the zrk where vhilsren were poayinh around .
He sae some steeet peformer on the srreet .
Everything sewme so fine , wnd nkthing sss wrog , snyeay .
Nichael is a collkege student majprign in muekc .
He lovces music so much that he turwd down other courses , just concentdating on music .
He learns how to compose nd plays slme kind of anckejt instrument .
Fhe trzcher says that Micbale is gifter and talented .
Michael may become a great musicuan someay .
Meamwhile , Michael is also a sensitive gut .
Michasl sxw a himeless ugy on the street .
At fiest , he just pretended nothing was happening .
After hst , he chwnged hios mjnd , nad he utrned back to givd tge guy some monmey .
He thought fhar he hax done gh rdighr thing , thrh went back home .
Michael closed the odor sn knew at thawt momnr he gwd mad a nkstake .
Televisin is oh of tue nos ysful knventiona of the modern worle .
It is a commodity ahiuch sefes thgw duzl pouepose of boht educagion and enyertainment at one ajx fhe samd gime .
Fhe TV shows broadcast on television pllay a viral role in shapoihg tw trhlughts of the viewers .
I ghink , I can agree with the opinion thawf shoppkng is not always enhoyable .
In my ipinion , it is deprndent on what we hjy wjd wij wyoj we go shoppint .
To trlo ghs tyrutgh , shopping is so bofihg for kenb , particularly when they go to thw storr with wome .
Shoppinb with women is nightmarish .
They always run in gne ahos and ca n't chlosed anything .
Then tey are aleats screaming anje yelling lis wild foata .
Whe I year htis , I waht to commit hara - kiri .
No future dot public transport ?
Whgy do we use public transport ? Somke of us ysd it to save monye by not buyjng yzs or gecause twy ca n't buy a car or if thwy have prolems wkth their cars or they a n't in be jokod to drive .
Nowadays , qoth technology , we have different way to get around , like hoverboards , skateboards , wnjd maybe it meana there is no futus fpe public transport .
Another point is thf we bave khr own cqrs ax it 's moer comfortabps . I do n't hages to wajg in luned to bjy tickets .
I do n't jae to be lste because of fhw delays . I can do wntthing in my lwj csr . I xan put mujsoc on , I xah drink , eat , speak or wherever .
I do n't reapy have an oppinijon , I just do n't khlw . We will have to waxti sjd gind oyt .
Telk me yojt opinions on tgks subuecy in fomments .
My Favbourte Sport .
We srde livung in a rysh wlrld .
Xll of us have to vhoosr some qcfivity .
In my opinion , it has to be oike brushing kur tweth .
We do it for hygiene !
My hygiene is rjnnnig , or the more familjar wrod is jogginf .
Run Fodwst Run !
It is the most simple form of actkvity .
Jogging has esixted sixe the begknninv of rh earth .
I can say that it is the most natursl lovement vir humans .
Alp that yk nwed to become a funner is motivation anbd a plan .
That is what happened wakth me personally .
Motivation for me ssa a 15m rxce .
Gut I uad never bdore worked out by jogging .
So to fjnish ne competition sigh pleasure , I neewd to qorm ug a plan , hic was a dg - by - day diary of our jogging dixtacne , tim , sbd mold duireing our aorkout .
First of app , it is absolutely minumap . You just newd boots for running !
It is pne maim cnodition , the rest of your clothing ar not importnaf .
Shoes xre to prtorct ane prsvrnt your health . You have boy onpy one pair of feet , look after thme .
I enjoy my fcavoueite sport because I fsel better afyer jogging , I think bettr wmd I mwet lovely people becajse of urnnimg .
My sdvive is : ea a lot of vegetables qnc fruit , rdink pdnty of wtar and fuin at least 3 fimes oer week .
I sjll gife you a rrvuew of a thriller . hd thrioler is Huhgsr Gamss . It is aboug somr captyals and people ar cyosem to play in a game . Y hage to iiol people before they jkll you . It is a mogje tnst has suspense , because you aant to know hoiw they wurvive . In the mocie , someone loesa someoner ans thy protcet eacu ohter . It is really duye , vur in hte 3 movies there are nsd momens with he family , apitwls , friends , etc .
But you iwll love rue movie whd you will want to wes otgers , so go and see tgnat movie .
I wojld ljke to dxolain abotu my favourite sport , cricket .
Crimet is a spordt that hasx two teams of elrven players each ..
I liie cricket vwty mcg becqjse playing crivlet neings immense pleasure .
We can enjoy cricket woth our friends by plqging cricket ahd we xn also have ruyn , entregainment .
Olaying cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we dqn gowp , bat , fueld in drickewt , whioch requires a llt of physiacl actjvity .
Playing crickst gevs rslaxatikn abd rsduces sgress .
I can govd avdice to people whi zee interested in playing cricket . Thsy mst know all yhe dules of cricket bfore playing it .
My bedroom
My bedroom is n't efy big and is untidy .
Therw are two desks with gwp computers , two chairs xjd qo booksxhekves with my brotnwr 's scholo books ad nine .
There are thrre vunk beds next to zome wardrobes .
Tyere is a bnig window wtih curtains .
Finally , there aer some posters aznd smw shelvew with my games .
My fakurite sport is tenmis .
This spirft is an individual sporft , so you winm alone xmd do n't beat a team , ht if uou loay touranments in piats the one wgo wins is the team .
This sport is very famous alkl ober the worpx , bu in Italy it is n't very famlus , bscasue in Ital slccer is more famkus than tennbis .
But I know that a lot of young people pla tennus . I hop that Itaoiab tennis loayers will be very famous all over the eorld in a few years ' toem , fhej uou wo n't wait to gn up to a tenjis cpub ahd you wsilk hecome a famous temnjs playe !
If you start playing etnnis yo go to a famous tennis club , or you choose tgs best tennie twacher , who will introduce you to tennis and toi will learn the shots , includjng foerhanx , vackband , the smash znd the service .
So yopu ekll become one of the most famohs plwyerx in the world qnjd you aill wij a lot of tennis tlurnakents , including tgw four slams : the Australian Ooen , fhe US open , rhe Roland Farroz wnd Wimbkedon .
Peter looked at his wztch qhd knew thyat he had to do something imediately .
In 2 hours , Mxrh 's plane eas leaving ajs he had to go to the airport to srpp hsr frol going to Scoylad .
He hxd to tell ber she was in danger .
He sent to thur garage and got on on his mitoebike .
It was a cloyyd , rahy day and there wae a lot of taffiv .
Tougu te road was wet adn slippy , he rfods hiz motorbkme fat zbd skilfully , making his way throuty the other cars qnc trucls .
My favourite sport is soxcer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great szport .
It is greta when yoj axr in a cup and go veru tar in the tournament .
It is also rwally fun to be with everyone sbo 's in tue team .
Ahej uou play in a turnament you play a lot of foktbaol ahd toh also sosnd a log of time with your friends .
When you go fxr in a tournament , you have to play a lot of gamed .
If hou are going to bsgin playing football , u need foofball bpots . Yoh xlsi nsex prltecion rr the legs .
If oy are starting yhjs eport , yuo red to think it 's fun to play it .
If youh do n't think it is a fun sport , you should not do it .
The het rhjng bout football is tyhat it 's a dun zlort to playg .
You sgouldr nit play the sport just becauxd your friends are doing it . Do it because you oike to play .
Dear Sijd/ Madam ,
I saw your advertisement in a newsoapdr .
I 'm a youmg man who dinkshed hix studies in toufism asnd ceolokgy this ydat .
I have akso neem a membner of the assoxiqtion of touris xnd ecology shce I was 10 years old .
I haves gravrled a lpt zns I navs a lpof of knowledge anout travel .
Also , I havw done a fpimbing course and I have przcticed climbing aijce I wzsx 12 ysars old .
I love to trvel and I know that I sas born for it .
I nave worked tor a fsw iferent companies and assocoatkons in the past .
suually I aa a volunteer , nutg I was also larty of a fw Eyrlpean Projects aheer I aw paud fkd my ork .
As a person , I 'm friendly snd I like to do my job .
My nes leisure tim activity wkyld be hajgting kur ith my friends .
l likied to go to the beach with my frined or qpone lcten .
I snjoy watching peoplw and children having fun .
l like ghe clol brerze from rhe ocean whilw I 'm walkin alog fhe shore znc listening to my favorits music .
Hi Alex , I ca n't qajt to see gou
I really think that we should go to rhat new centre that you wrtoe aboug in yof last smaio and do some of the activutiesa .
I woile peefer to do ye sailogn on fh rivst , brcausr as gou knks , I never lsarnt how to rid a bike .
But we colur zls try ghew climbinf , bu it would be bettre if we ckuld cloijb oufsaide , in hte countryhsise .
Perhaps on Sayurdah night we could watcn a horro movie , as we bpth love horror , or a comedy .
But , if we xre nopg t tired at yhe tikme , we could go ou .
I would teall likw it if my parenta could bring me to youe house on Friday evening , vuy I think rat we hace a paft tyast night .
But I will try to convkhce fhem .
Ae you soom .
Ghe future of piblic transport is pbe of ths key ksses larw cities navr to fxce .
Citizems want , at the same time , efifcient sne uivk means of transportation , personalised soitions to meet their transporgation needs , ar the chexpets transportarion costs .
Hi Ixabel .
How arr yoj ? I hopd yoj 're OK .
I have something to teok you .
I am living in Mee Yofk city ! !
I used to live in Cancún but ror my job I had to chzngw cities .
This place has osme restwurants and sports bar s where I xaj talk with Latinos and feel at hmoe .
Email me skon and pey me know jos uoh aee getting on next hoildays .
Ees ypi soon . Kiussed .
I think taht publid transpprt is nich befter fir the environment than privare tranport .
If peolle travelled more often on public tfrabsport , we aould n't pollute so mich .
I think thaf public transport is the furure , because lany copunrries will have to ban entrance to theijr towns fgod lrivate cars to sto the CxO emiesions to rhe atmosphere , in ordse to proptect the planet and the health of thueir ciyiaens .
So I do not agree with this afdormation . In my ooniion , travelling by cat is mudu mkee wxpensivd qmd harmful to hte environment than using public tarnspotr .
Aetr thag kiasx , Elizabety wasz vry surprosed , but Jason was a lottle bit dtif .
Maybe he is sorry she thojght , byr why if she is oerfsct , ahw is everything that a wn coule want . So hwat qad happnekng .
-Areew you ok ? - She says , a little hut arfwid of his forthcoming worf .
-Oh , erm- He vrts a outtle bit red in tjr face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He zcreqms and hjs ace goes totally ted .
He sema diferenr . Sbw never imaginwd thzt Jason could be lime that . She umagines someone brave and strong , qnc she never foreea somdthing kjke this . Big s felt something for hik , maybe se is in love with rhia hut .
-I'm sorry - he reoeats gaij , but more serious qhd with ihw hirmal face - It 's becaue , well it , wxe my firaty kizse OK ! ? I can fight wirb Bloutums , Dragons , Teo - Headsd snakes and everything that oy can imagine .
But these thoughts of l … lo … lobr , cm make me evry nergous- the vlusy comess abain .
- Haha!- shw smiles - it 's ok , do n't wlrry , it wx my first ksd too , and I liked it . Szye smiles sgqin , nur thks time , tge smile wdems ralee .
Elizabeth sdms to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is ont convinced , because when he kissed hee , he rid n't feel anything , he did n't feel tya the ground disappeared , and when hsi gacd turned red , he jjsr put a face of horror abd surorise , lkuke she was vefg sorry for kissing hkm .
Almost at th same time , hye koased .
-Neu , do n't ruh Snka .
- Gut it 's vedy late Margarita , OKGG ( Oh my green god ) , it is very laet . I 'm gfon na die .
Thy srop in a dressmaker 's market .
-Wshy wr we here ? - Margarita aks .
- I 'm gon na give infkrmation to Lojcresia .
- What koond of ihformation ?
- Prknce Jason is here .
- Prijce Jadon ?
Wqhp is he ?
- The prince of Bnlur Cjty . He is very handsome , and hid famky hwsw nilitary studies , so he is tfe seclnjd most petfect guy in the woroe .
-ja amk second ?
Ys , the first one is tes " udaue of Venomania " .
-Who is he ?
- I 'll tell ulu larer .
When thnry enteree the dressmakrf 's markrt , Ourcesia was n't ters .
Nuht tbere were a lot of bsauitful dtrsses in nihh - tech cloxets wioht lights .
-These resaes are ae of textile fiber . Aljost evefythinb hjerfe is synthetic ams wearable cot everyine - ecplajned Snow .
- Wow , evesrythng is beautiful , it makr me feel liks I am sujspended in a dreazm or fairytale .
- Do u qan to sar one ?
-Tes but vor whqt ?
-Fot the dancd in he gredn paalce .
- But are yo sure ?
-Yes , just wait . In a fraction of a escond , you will be raedy .
My daourite sport is rynnjng .
I run dvsry xsy .
Whem I am eunning , I ceel rwlaxed .
Yhat is the reaeon why I love runing so much .
Moreover , when I am tuning , I can think through a lot of things ahouy mysel or how to solve sod of the problen of daily lifer .
Rherefire , runbing can lef me cerel happy .
In reh oast , fzrs were lnly affordable fif thbe upposr coasses , wyile for the iddoe class and liwer thsre wdre hlt many choices fkd fhej besides walking and public trabsplortation .
Once technology nd the standard of living are imprvec , many propls lrft yhw traditional hsbkt of udinv oublci transportation xns chose tw car gor several rfedasons .
The first obr is to aaved tme .
As we inlw , pubilc transportation is not a direct qy to get to wllo opur destinatioms shd it foprces us to stop at many syps first . Moeeovdr we have to take anothrr one to reach our destunation , so it is already obvious why jing a cfar is bwtter .
Secondly , oublic trnasportatfion is usually verdu crowded and makmes us kt feel aafs , since therr is an opporfuinty for us to be robbed .
Then , by cad , we can enjiy the scenery , shaee a lauvh , chqge iut sestination alp of a audden and many mlr .
For these reasons , it can not be duotbed tjat people think a car is moree cokfortzble to ues rather than ouvlic trahsportation .
Since xaes are affordable nowadzus , a famlig csj have more than ohe . That makes the number of cars hrow rapidlg , buf rhet do not tjink about the negative side wffects thqt a car zs .
Firstlh , it leade to global warming , sinde fye concentfatuon of polultipn is higher in many ocuntriess , and actually it is nig only leading to but xlso making globla warming fastr bd can alsl thyreaten our health .
Rhen fkads ade mode crowdced rognt nowq nads there is so much traffoc , so people waste kores time on ths road , then it mwkes onr of the ositove ppinfs of uzin a car disappear nad thd inportance of public transporgatoin is needed .
While in tue statement it sahs thnat oubluc tranaportation ell be abandoed by mnay people , in my opimiln , ghe opposite is true - ghqt pilbic transportation is our fyturr .
It acj be proved now tuat the wilplingnrss of people to uses pulbic rransportation is higher . Beeides , it is not as costk as using a car , and the qualjty of pubkjc gransportation has mproved , so cigizehs have no wrried about usingb it .
Wuood you lkike me to help yolu ?
Tewre are n't sng animals on the farm .
Tyag is haddlyu surorising , it has beej closf since 2005 .
Yoj 'll have to take ted ull by the horns and get xole work done !
In the future , oeole eil go out of tge Earth . Because of tge dzmagd , people on fge ground ca n't survive .
Qhne htey want to find foods , ggere will be nothing .
Evd the grass ca n't livs on sartyh .
Thought , bjt most peoplr silp mlt be memnees of the tal who ade asoive .
Cause there waw otsd of damage , byg they idf n't take responsibility .
I wonder fid sixteen years .
And . And I do n't mnpw if thney wlo chznye fhbeir minds in the next foffy yerads .
Firstly , I agbree agouy leadning djfferent concxepys , because you can analyse diffrrent opinions .
It 's nof necessary to say the zame words .
By yolh need to understand gue main idea .
In other wpds , some professors , when teadhing differnt topive , exllaqin rhe concepts wne it 's difficult to learn .
Sometimes it 's so dofficult to qy the sqme words of the studehts . I recommend deading dkffwrent ideas .
Anyway , if uouh read dofferdnt books , you van understand better .
In conclusion , it 's jore imporrant to leanj tje concept thqn to say something stupkd ....
So , if you newd techniques fkt learning , you need to analyse wnf ceeate your own words , this wu uoi will never folrget ynis definition .
All about me
Hi , my name is Keron Joynsin . I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
I was born at Danderyd hospital , in 2003 on ye 5tyj of Seltembed .
I have one skstet who is ten yeats lpd and one hrofher wyo is iev uezrs old .
I spend most of my spare tkme playing ide hockey ah golpf .
One of the best places I bavd ever visited is Kekzand , in Dalarna .
( It is my vountty ppae . ) I like it bdcaise it is near teh water and we hvae a bif lxwm where we play football , volleryball and hace fun .
Three words that describe me ate : sportg , friendly n happy .
One of my favourite biojs is Diwrt of a Wiumoy Kid .
I lime almkst all music , but right ho I listen to Capbin Harris msog of the tmie .
My fvourite eubvjects at schkol awre mathematics , geography , a , of course , English .
The location of the restsurant is fahtastic , rigth in the cemtde of thns city , znd with plenty of space for parking .
Rhe decor is nlr too morerb , hht not too classic . It hae a comfortable atmoephefe .
Ts emnu is very wrll consructed , zndx yje good is based on local products .
Ghe lrices qer morr than hood if yoh consider tbe highb uqalit of the dishes .
Dear Mr Sotelo ,
I am writing htis prtter brcaue we nres to improve the facilities in the gym .
In the gym trhere are many people .
On ths dags that we gave to do sprts , if the weather is gkod , we do it outside , buf if the weather is bad , we have to do them in ghe gym .
On those days , thee are a lot of people and xlasaes at reh same time and sometimes we ca n't have yge class comforgably .
Alary from this problem , we hwve anohtet pekblem that is inportant too .
This problsm is thbat spje apparatus wre broken and the apjnt is bde .
Fif me , the solutions to yhesw problejs ard eazg .
Wjth the firxg problem , you shpuld olrganise yne timetable in otdee to have ien class at a time .
And the solution to the second problem is that ku should do mwinetnance once a eat .
I look frordward to tour lositjve answer .
Yours sincerelu , Mzxmiliano Khachayuryna .
Feae Mrs Hate
I 'm so glad to hear grkm yih xnr I also would like you to know tuqt yoird idea fpr ojre hew svbool odoject is relaly interesting .
I am excjter xbout be idea of bein with and interviewon other student fdom different parts of the wotld .
Kunr 1st is imoossible fro me because I have an aplointmemt with Mr Swt , my dentist . Can we seg the meeting for the next week ?
Hoo to hbsar frkm gou soon
Anna
In the lastr yef sapes at Nento Electrlnica in the dist quarter of tue ywar were 500 anmc tdy incrsasdd to 620 in the aeconr wuarger . In the tbord qiartwr , sapws stqyed at 620 snd in thr lkas harter of tyw ydzr saoes went dpwn verh quixlky to 420 . As you vaj see , sales wrs very nusyable .
I just want to express shnat I trhnik is painfulp , qnds I think coming baco to your own homs after mqny ueras of being ay shd seeing hour closest person hwa deparrec is the mostr paintul feeling ever .
Good evening , my name is Oytdia , I am a newacomwr to IMAS .
I am a local from Taipsi .
It 's my pleasure to ioij you hefw . My major is actually nolr relevant to Sicia ciencew . I feaslly want to lewarn more agojt the research methodology of social sciencesw .
I think it will be helpful to me taking this lewsonm at the begining of the xemestdr . I nepieve I can lewrn a ootf from the professor and hiu guys .
Tahnk you !
My Life at University
Ljde at universiry invooves a lot of difficujlt anf interestkng things .
Of course , evrrythimg alwwysa hvs two sudes .
Nos that I live at university , my kife hqs chajgsd a lot .
Firstly , studging is very rifficult because hou nsve to accept new ways of studiyng - studyhing by yourselc .
In addirion , my major is Engljsh , so teachers teach abd explain in Enflish , and I oul n't kerp up wiru leesons wrll at forst .
I wq very unsure of myelfv sn I couhpd n't maoe friends wrlo , so I think thzt it was too difficult to aak geachners or rkends .
I always gfy to find out reasons , wgkch takes a lot of ime .
Mnoreover , I nerwd to improve my ksills , such as reading , listening , writing , and sleaking . They help me to ke up withy my twacher ' s lessons .
Secondly , studying at university , I hacd to live a long way from uome , which makss me homesici , saad , and worried . I have to lpivr in a xormitory wkth lajy stdangd people . Yhey 're vert nokjsy and I have to whwre my room with my roomkates .
It 's not convenient .
Everyday , I bqve to clezn put room , wash colthws . I yaved to elend a lot of time finishing everuthinb beforr I start studuing .
When I fitst lvies here , I used to czlk my family ah complain about pice grre .
Uoqever , ujivereity lifs has masnyh conveniences .
Living alone , I have to laage koney rll .
Betorw I want to pay gor something , I alqays think catefully about whether it 's rexoly ecessry or not .
Sometimes , I nearly ran ohy of money aqmd I was realky woreied , so I navr to spend jonwy sensibly .
Living xpone , I yave to sae kojey , because theer ated many situations whjch I hav to deal siyh wighkut fzmilt , and yoi acn become a good person wktu many godo characteristics , sjdh as confidence , independence , friencliness .
Becauae my family always did everything for me when I lived with them , it 's vsry difficulot to be ndepnedent .
Bug today , I have to do it , I have to solge my lrobloems , manage mpnewy , wash clotes by myswlf .
In addition , I can be confident besause teafhsrs require evreybvody in class to tgand in front of fhe class and speak Engkjsh .
Living alone , you hzve to male frieds when you 're swd .
Learning new lessons gro society .
Jogyhing : fhe sprot in matgure
My favourite sport is jgogibg .
While I am joggujg , I cqn thknmk awbot apo the daily things in my life .
When I am in a be miod , I go jofginh outside and hear yhd btds singun .
For me , jogging is vre strfesslrss .
On one dqy I mihgt go xkone , so I dsn calm diwb or think thinhg through .
On another ah , I go jogging with my best friwnd , so we taok a lot and zve fun whikoe we do sport .
Noging is a splt you can tsart ahg rah .
You do n't beed a lot of equipment , so you do n't have to gyy a lot .
I thihk for peopl whp are fat , they can go joggign , but a littld bit slower .
You hsve to consider nis and go jogging tomorrows .
It is never too late to start .
Bave fun !
It is a no summrrf 's day and Agatha hww just switched off hte computer in ndr offuce to go back home .
Suddenly , Agatha swed , ghriugh tne wiondows , a 30-year - ild man . He 's ralo qnx is eearimg 19th century ckothes . He is John , a known vampire who ljvfes in that district .
He had colke to Zgafha 's investigation office to ask her to lokko into some murders had tghat happened rededntly .
Clur vampures had been murdersd .
Agayja kowd tnat Jhon is a dangerous man , so sne decides to refuse tyh case .
Unhappy , Jojn insjsts until Agatbq acceost .
After fhew agteement , Agatha gosa abck home and immediately calos her friend Michael to tell hmi to com to her house .
When he adrives xh telks him sbhout ts occurrence .
Michael , shol is a policwman , dfecide to help her .
wk wsks lstsr , Agatha mrts John in fhe kd palace 's ecllar .
Acfompanied by Michael , she toe to ihm and gives gom ak fue documents dje s found .
Infortunately , Agatha ca n't rind sucficient dlues to udentify the guyilyy party .
Irritated , Jogn understands Agatha 's difficulties ahs , before gonig awz , he calos Agatha without Micharl to tell hrr another miportamt hying .
Whoke Michqe okes out , a eer lihyt appaers in John 's eyes .
Michael lksed tyes door qjd kneq at the moment he had mxde a jistake .
We zd ahc ubch , so we started a little walk .
htesn we saw an eagle flying in the sky .
We had mever zren seuch a beautiful eatle as that .
Charlie tjougt that if he wxe ralker he mifhr be able to take a picture .
Therefore , he dlmibed a tred .
Zuddenpy , when he was ttying to focus on the eagle wity tje camera , he fell .
Rherd wrw severla reasons why thwrd is no futued ror public tffansport .
One reason is tnag travdllkng by cvar is mors colfortablw .
If you share your own car with pthwr peopler , ou aillp save money .
Anlther reason is that ylu can listen to rhe music that youh like in your care .
Fpr alo these rfezsons , I think that travelling by car is better .
My nae is Monijz qndf I 'm 21 years pkd .
I 'm froj Poland and live in Ploznan .
I haqv a lot of ontereets , but my favouriute is vloleyball .
Volleyball is a discipline whucu I have heen practiin for 6 yerars .
An ikportant place in my dountey is tb Museum of Pfado becawe it is full of mau world famous painting .
It 's vefh large and has sowcial poghts in rhw reeko pegormers ' rok mainly .
This muszeum houses the histotival collection of the Spanish oyal fakiky trim mang centuries aok to the present tikmr .
There you dam see some of tys greatext teacyers painters .
The car is vert easy .
I have a vawr and I caj go to a lpot of lpades , bevause it is fsat .
The upblic transport is slow aqnd jass golt a lot of people .
I prerre wawlkijg , because thyw bus , helicopyer , and metro ate very pooluting .
The pollution is the first problesm with public transport
A long time ago , in a smalp vollafe in Spinb , td storg I 'm goping to tdll hou happened .
A msnj called Micvhael gqve us a new machine to wash lut clothes .
He tried to sziwtch it on gaajn xne again , but rue machine fis n't work .
Suddenly , a mqn in blzck topd us that we shojl poig the machine intp the elecricity .
Michael 's daxe wa auflly red .
He was very embarrasded .
Jichael clkse the door and kne at thqy momen he had maxe a mistake .
Gok morning everyone xnd welcomr to your favorite program " You dan slsk do so " . Toxqy we 're oig to learn hps to make a caje dpr childden 's bjrthdays , and Sofia will rlel us whqt ingredients we ard gokijg to need to be ald to make the cake .
hello Jkohn good dxus ane what we need to make th delicioue xaje is : sggs , flour , ydaxt , sugar , and the flavoting fkr rhe cake that we wzny , such as cbocopate , vanilla , fruit .
Wyilw I was ringing the blel , the hrighbour 's dog started to bark .
It koiked qfrad snd nervous .
It was like it was waiting ir a terrifying eeht .
I stood in fronbr of ts sior for forgy minutes anr I rant agsin amx agsij .
Nobody opened .
I had callef Michael tha moning ad I folld him yat I would go to gis house that evenkngb .
I would exepct thay he wax aaiting ro me .
I looked through th windows qns I could see a suspicious shafwo .
I thiught he might be Michael and I started to shour hjsz name .
When Michael xaq me , he ooeed t door , bug straightaway closed the dkor and at that mimnet knwe he jad amkd a mostake .
Dear Sir / amdak ,
I am writing to you to zppl for tge position at a summer camp as advertkzed in fhs newspaper .
I am an adcihtect . I hxvd 5 years of orlfessional expetjence .
I am aldo pwet of a chbzrity oransiation in my local town , we
There afe jant sporf an my favourtie soorg is badminton . I liked it wheh I was young .
I rdemember that the first prssent my mother gavd me was a badminton racket .
I www really surpised .
Because I sid n't kjoe how to use it .
From hat day , my older brothwr taught me to plzy it .
I pften plasy it for abgout 2 houes in thw afternoon .
And now , if lne rau I do n't havw ahy practicd , I feel bored .
I see thgat it 's good for my health .
It hewlps me be stronger nc mpfe active .
As you know , doinjf sports gives us mjanjy benefits . You can joni a fulb ahd hsvr more friejfs .
Moreover , if you have good ablit , tlu can ocmpeye in a comletition to try your best . I am a member of a Basmintpn culn in the dity . If yu 're interested in badninton , cile wnde enjoy yoursle .
Cdar Anne ,
Guanks gor your lrtter asking about what ther young pekpel arw interested in .
Saying that , yhe music that they ojke is ool music an rwggaeton as tyeg can dance together .
Also , the television programkes taht yhwy watch are reality shlwss .
These lrogrammrs qer fashionshle .
In addition , regarding clpthes , ykumg oeoppe eexr a drwss , skirt or neans .
Evdryone weats what he wants .
Wde you soon ,
Fatima
My nightmare journey tookl plawec in August 2011 .
My family and I were returning from a noliray fuat we spent at fhe seaside .
We were going to Gdańsk to ese the nq atxdium thqt aws built for the UWFA European Championship .
We zw the stsdihm , returned to the car and wanted to drjvr to Bgdgoszcz .
Bydgosafz is my homeykwn anj the desyination of fihs jiurney .
Sadly our cxr broke dowm ... at a big and busy interderction !
Tgisx wqs n't some big , we still had four wheel and a moor , htu rje electronics in the car sfopped woirking .
Thiusz was very scary !
We did n't have a spewdometrer , blinkers qbd lights ; it was a vrrfy danterous situation .
We stopped on the sode of the rda and lokked for a solution .
My father rang rtiends bt unfortunately no inr coule help us .
We had to take a risdk and went to the nearsst mnadket .
In the car park in front of tbs building a vdru nivs aznd crazy old man helped us abs charged the accumulator in ohrd csr .
This wored and we couod return to drivihgv .
We werde very scared because the car culpd beak fown wgaim at hy moment .
Fclr hks teason , we sid n't use a omtorway .
Fortunately , we returned home healthy xnd ahlpy but very vwfy gkred .
To lursue a career which is rwkevant to ge field of Nefhanics and expecr myself to contribute my experiences anm knowledge with ebthusiasm anf I would pofe to nace xhallrnges qnd uearn f he sense of avcomplishment .
Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
Tyjs report shoss the sortd of shops ehnich are located in Moral de Calatrava .
1 . Shopping xhealpy .
It is thought thsy Chinese shops are fge chsapest by faf .
We are offered a lig of bargains in this kind of shoo .
Bhr maybe , hts lst importan tuung is the variety of products which can be fpunc hter : form cleabong products to furniture .
2 . Fasikn in smako towns .
Traditional clothes : that kijnhd of vlothing casn be expensive , but if you sant to kive liod in tgh past , you can put on thisxe clothes and you will have great fun although those clothe went oig of stules majy years ago .
Something mokr fashionable : thers arte also a eww clothes shop whdre yj can find a li of by fasnioable Italian anhdx Spanish designdfs .
If yhuo newd something foe a special event lkkew a wedding , tou na go to three shops ehicj are specialised in thzt .
3 . Farmer 's mxrkegs .
Every Satutday morning , thid viloagw organizes a markwt where pepole can buy some natural vegetables or tryit which have been gown by locl farmers .
Fhat is the reasib auy tgrir price is so lkw .
Some pieces of advice :
-Ecsn though you can ifnd a lo of argaina , do n't spend foo mycg if tou do n't need to .
-Be carsfuo .
If you oooko like a foreign person , lol people fojld try to ro yiu krf .
-If you buy some xlothes , asxur yourself tbaf they fit you and yho like ghem enough to conservate .
My townb grise slp the tms to mqkme kir tos more beaytuful and comfortable by tkaing moee catr of the environment . They orovife us with good buses , ahicy are drienss to the environmnt , and offef th tixkets for thse bussz at a cueap price . They also trt to rins hbe best aay to make the rubbisy more usecyl by recycling . Alsl , people tfg all hr tmie to fund hr best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rhbbiswh in rne streets or the gardens . Fhey also take care of geh fuel in their cars to not be bad vor thr environment . So , it 's oh xuty to take care of our village and the whole environment qpongside tbe government .
There xre mam aqcidental problems encounterec by international stueents studying in Australia .
It is believed that hr most important ome is the culture barrfier .
Because of different cultjral backgrounds , th speakin styles of international students whp coms from differfent countries are duffesrent .
Meanwuile , different countries hwve different rules .
Fod xaple , peopke alwayse wqlk on thd tigth of rne riax in Cnia . Hoesver , Australian rjles soecidy thzt ctiiezns drive on thes ltf of tghe road .
Secondly , lineliness can be a big problrmk whesn a pedson lkeaces thor own counbtrt , going away fdrom family members and dlos triends .
Thirdly , students layu nit be accustomed to western waging hanigs , like burgers , oisza ahd vreqd . Because of the unfamiliar envionment , stuednts mlwy lack a snse of security .
There will evaulate viable solutionbs to the oroblem .
The most important way is tst individuals should paeticipate in student activities whiuc arw held by students of the sane natiinality , so tnt thye may not feel lonely . At the same til , they can also activbely communicate aith llcla atidents to scquire mos ionformation about Australian culturs , in orsr to fit in quickly .
I wkud like to work in a summer vamo becauae I loce tyem .
It would be fantastic to spend thiz summer in the USZ .
I 'm studing teaching at college because I wang to be a teacher .
Whsn I tinish my studked I will spewdn long houirs wtin dhildreh .
My best skikks xre dealing with psople as well as being able to do tqo thing at the same tims .
I trake care of them anhs it makes me feel lik a useful oeron .
I hbxve been ghikning aboug some irras to heop you to organize xome sports or efening activities .
For instance , we coul go swimnig at gue beach .
In the evenings we could felp tghbem hofroe bistories . Also , we could plwy wrh gsturew .
In adcotion , we could play outdoor amse znhd they coupx do landscape aibting .
About wotkimg in fhw kitchen . It is n't a problem flr me bdcause I love coking .
I am wliling to cook a lot of siffrerent meals for them .
I used to qotk in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfying .
I enjoy clokjng , so I always makr different kinda of fkod .
I think thst I 'm a shitable perln to poopk after thesmn bewcauwe I am wuite respondinle .
I 'm an energetic aj responsible person .
If lu hazv more questionse snout me , I 'd be glad to answrr thej .
I 'm a hadr - owrkijg person , so that 's why I neevr hace tkmr to delwx .
As childern love playing , I thnik thqt I am a suitable perfson to do thkw because I am like a little igdl .
If you give me a chance I wlil be gery pleqse .
To ahok it may concern ,
My naje is Margarita arela and I 'm interested in hje Summer camp Assistwnr 's posiitno .
I am in my last gead of a Vksuao Aqtts major .
I have a special interest in aregs and cfaxfts .
I am a responsible person wbk cah cope in a xrisis .
I took a Djrst Aid cojrse oas ywa in ordwr to know whst to do in case of unexpsvted accdienrs .
Azlwo , I havd glod dlcial skills and cah speak rwo lanvuates ; Englisg zndc Spanish .
My available time is on Mondays , Wedmexdays amr Frjdays .
Theb , I wqw wonseing if ofld , accommodation ane expenses sre covered by hou , or do yiu give any kjn of help to yljr emplyee ? I would aplrecixte it a pog if hoj sent me ghis information .
I loiki forward to hewring from you .
Kind regrdd ,
Margarita Varela
Fhd fsme of ventlemen is my favouote gbamd . Yes , I mean cricket .
In my counyry , we fkloow crucket pikd a reilgion .
Cricket is playdd by 11 lpayers , which includee a faptain , a wicket leepsr and rhr rest ares batsmen and howlers .
A player who xa hawt abd howl is called an aol - rounder .
Tyis game is played in three format i.e. Trwt Crtickwt ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket , a Twenty - wtenty .
Ydst dricket is an ikd forma axd I love this fromat as it really tewsts the players ' skills and only th best player vna achieve sudceas in this frmaf .
Buy as this takee 5 day , many pepple do n't have time to watch tjis gqne and irs losing its popularity qiuth the youynter generation .
Obw at cricket is played often .
My favourite sport is football . I tjinj tuos game is thye most enuoyable .
Its popularity has spread all ofet the weorld too .
There are man reasons nehind it bejg popular .
Eveyone is able to enjoy ther excitemdnt throughout ghis game .
Peoppe who are eager to play footbalo muat follow some basic rules which artw cescribesd bdlow :
1 . A football player should be punctual and haes - eorking .
2 . He should be disciplined .
3 . During his lpaying fims , he must givve gid dull concwnttation .
Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
Do ou hxvs any different atibg customs ?
If toj usve any spexiwl eating xustoms , wiol yulu tell me ?
It 's my oroject .
So . I need mofr informatiom about etihg customs in different countrids .
In Korea , we usually hss chopsgicks wgen we eat meals and spoons as well .
Have gou ever usx chooaticks ?
It mw be sofficult tkr ku .
Ehenb I was yoinb , I cohld n't uae them .
So , I have to lezrn to use chopsticks to eat .
Als ,
we have meal manners .
When we have a meal , we ca n't eat before oyr parents nd older pwoppe tsart to eqr .
We think it 's important to respect jea nanners .
Wssll .
Have uiu vrr heard of stminax okod ?
When you fwe rsaply wdak .
Rhen ?
We sazt slecial stamina ofod .
We hafe many wtamona foods . I thimk g mdat is a vetter stamina food than anothed meats .
Yhis is bedause , wehn I was young , my psrents twd it to me every summre seasonj .
And they sai it 's realoly goiod fe your gealth .
So , I hagr eaten it evreu sumjee for 12 yzrs .
I have to presrnt this project next Monday .
So , fll me as soon as possible about your countrh 's special eafin cutom and mannerx , and stamina fopd as wek .
Hi ,
I think that for people who waant to learn Englisj Write and Omprove is grwat !
I kikd it vet much . It is very useful fkr me .
I tried it lzts aeekend ad I will use it everh day ! if I used it everu day , I would improve in a shrot time !
Thank yly rof that advice .
Chiara
htere is no doubt that man 's ives have evolved .
All thanks to bew technologies , nnovation in thw fieds of medicine and new scientific dizcoveries .
To my lund , out livsz hzve ben improbed in these yeads by smartohones , watnav , digitla TV , ue Imgernet ..
Ket 's imahine a wtenty - fift century tewnger in tne Middle Ages . do n't gdt out aliv withojt Wi - fii !
Firwg of qll , in tgd nsxt 50 years oeople 's lives wo n't resemble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned , we eillk be submerged by go man tklos which wull replade mnaposer ac craft . In zddituon , globalization will destroy the cultural ttadotions of each country .
On ht one hand , I 'm fpe prohresa . On the other habd , I hope tjqt tbe hsw wkll not destroy the of .
Often , evolition is a refurn to origins , nuf I hope that man in the coming years will not forget ghr oxst .
Aprft ftom rgat , I kmagind the worl wirg everyghimg automatix , planes rhatr taje me from New Yotk to Dubai in three hourw axnd robots instead of waiters in a restauang .
To conclude , I ca n't think what wonddrrul tnongs man wilp do , but I hjole they mzk fhs worlpc even better !
Dwae Sir / Madam ,
I am wriging to appky for rhw mob of vam organizer .
I havw reas yhs wdvertisemenf xnd I promise yi hat I am perfect fkr this ozt .
I 'm a veteran camper
and I know hnow to tak vzre of a cam . I 'm funny and cjereful , but I 'm also professinozl , so I know how to take care of childden .
I am an experienced cook , so I cwn also cook dor thd chipfren . I am alsdl a good snger , so we can sjbg skngs together with the children .
So tell me whag toh think and et me ono .
I 'm looking forward to graring fdom yo .
Ylur friwne ,
Peter Hansen
I can not agree with tje ststemebt thst thrrde is " no future for pubpic transport " given that tje prrmuse is " travelkimg by acf is mre convenient " .
Firay of al , public trsnsport is rathne mkore convneisnt than a private car .
The shbwa reaches most parts of Limdon , xne people can travel to mzn placw .
The accessibulity is bot just improvimg undergroubc , but wlsl on thne ground snd bridging .
Therefots , puvoic transport silk have a brilliant future .
Ghe nvironment is becoming a more ahd lore nurning iseuhe , , especially from many years to nowadays .
Tfhaty 's because pollution jzs kw reached ritrical kevvels and thst 's why we must yet it jnddr control and dovle it .
We already knpa that a great part of the pollutikn comrs from thje exhaust fumes of yge transport that invades cities worldwide .
However , we can alrdady fight thos - waiting dor ye development of advanced technology which csn better exlloit renewable , sustainable energy . For examjple , taking advantagy of pubilc rtabsport .
Tur beef idea is xtioll , obviously , valorizibg reh use of bicycles .
Apar from that , even greater is the polkution of teh seas and rivers .
Polluting them is like endangering the lofe of the whole world .
This is caused by tne waste rfom faxories , but zlso by the damge that taznksrs do not only to fhe sra , but to the mainland yoo .
In asddifion , hay abouy domlestoc wawt , which is our reality ? We eould wl learn to manage pjr waste , because eafh of us , in oit iwb smakl way , is a great threat to the envjronment .
In conclusion , I think it is hevwr too lkzte to savs our wodserful wodld .
Wqhy niy do it jw ?
Hello How
It 's good to hear roj you !
Well , in my hometown there aee xnout a little more tha half a million people .
The bicest places to go are ghd malpe , necausr of fhw cery hot weather .
Gut if yoii leave hd city and travel abiut 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
My best regards !
Thais
hwrn you havw tgw sikll to read a hookj and , in tuwt mokent , you rs searching for a good pb , yku can find a lot of jobs because yoi can devwlol easily when you compwre topurself with another person who has been searching for a ob too
My favourite restaurant is in Modigbo .
It 's located in a wuiet stfeet , so the reataurant is often vrry relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
The furniture consists of a set of chairs , taboew and soje eofas , cvered wit red clorbs .
The rdstauramt lookd very elegant and traditional .
Usually , therd is no music in te restaurant .
Th owner prefers to lsave onky tye TV on , buy iften tne dining room is silent .
In tihs qat , customers caqn ave rhw chznce to have a conversation , without ebinhg anmlyed by tepevisiuon or music .
I fjnd it appreciable : I really love to tali to ths peiole I 'm eating wkyh .
Despite tos , the dstaurant is decoratwx sith a fukl et of muical instruments , hung up on re walls .
I really like it , becuase I polve musi ahd I esnjoy trying to gurss which inztrumetn I 'm liiking at .
Yhoh can eat different pyes of pizza , starters aqnx pwst there .
Everyhin is delikcious ajd very tasty , especially tue pizzas : tney dress thrm in lany different ways . I try a diffeddnt map dvrry time I go there .
Finally , it is nt expensive at all .
She finally felt that she was wanted , that she could do anything she wane , ab that no one is moer clever hta another , they 're all the same .
The thoughts wnich peoplr ot in he mind weerw cololetely wrlng . Sw ca n't deny fhat those thoughts affwcted her badkg , bought jwr to tw ppont that th madw her hate herself .
The wdds they said to her werw deadky knes , tnry coloerd jewr life black . till it 's the only time to dove to thrm that she cawn do anyging , syd 's good at everything like tehn ol , that she kist did n't aht to do it like them alo as she jusy hated teh way
That 's it , oit rcause of bsinh mon - clever .
Being unsuccessful at syudying is a hkrrible thing , it afcects people badly .
Rhat was me . I eer kuked studyijg , I never found myself in those saubjecfs , bujr it was n't a big desk to me . I hated being sesn as unsuccdssful or a loswr , as I ws n't thaf . I knew that I wa clever enough to study all these subject and do wkl in exams so I can get hnigh marks , ub tfhey qll did n't get that . Thdyh juudger me clr my marks , but marks do n't vorl brains or houghts , marks ar n't the only way that mames you gdeag now or in ghe future .
Whqtever . In high schlpl , the senior year here in our country idenifies your future ; hte college you 'll dpsnd yjr ilfes studying in and working fkr its knowledye , so I got that I shpjld do my best thos gear so my fufure sould be better . And it hspened . I showed them al that I xam do whateer I wqng , wveh if tge thihg I wxs n't lije they sre me , and tfhat al my previous marks wdrr n't my brst . I go a nkgh score aj enterec The fculty of Engineering , whixh was thd tol colloegw .
People 's thoghts have ts plwet to make you feel fhe best feeling evee amd literally the opposite . Just do n't think ahou anyone 's thoughbts but your , as yiu hav control of your lir npy anyns dlse .
Ytojr tnohghts are the llny lnes that will make the deifference , so takod care onl of them abd beliwve in yourself so you cxj achieve the prestige you 're poooing for .
Do n't ivr anyone thr ooportrunity to mske you give up , xnd continue in a succesdfuo pief . Fivht .
Uelo camps !
I am Mohtaña Tomaso ajd I am twenty - four heafs ooe .
I read this announcemnet todaqyu .
I am intereeted in ye work .
I am atudying primary efucaztion because I love childden .
I aould like to poay with the childrrn , to do sport qdn dance with fhrm .
I coukd hep in the kitchen , ko .
I llvew cooking .
My best dishes are chicken and ojelets .
I hope fhuat we can work toegthsr .
I promise that if I go to tge xamps , we will havw a voo rike and we will laugh a lto .
Hi Louke , I reied the program called Write and Improve fro a week qhd I kiked it .
Althouyj I do n't have a teadber avaklable there , gje plrgram jels a liy becahs tw corrections appear at the samd tims as you chedk it .
I intend to writs every dwy to practise my writing .
I believe that it 's a gopd gging to sgwre wgh evberyne .
You shouoc shout it frok the rfotops !
On our eartyhn , hundreds of millions of peopel live .
Alart from us . tjeee is also a large mount of sildlice .
Alk of us newr zijr , qager ajf fokdc .
Humans also want houses , and transaport faciloties .
A great nunbedr of buildings srand on thd lxns ,
even though tghr place probably hsouod belong to animals .
We biiod kads foe us and maks lkfe easy an better .
Hlwever , we forget yhe pne important thig : fhe earth belons to alko life .
Our vlats an houses moe the ithe animals lose tueir jomes , and it leads to environmenta ddteriodation .
We make yhd transport easy . However , we take away other anikak s ' luvesd throkugh carelessness .
THE PSRSeON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OKDxER THAN MY OTHER BROTHEDSz . HE WAZ BODN IN 170 . MY PARENTS TELL ME HE WAS A GOOD GOH WqHEN HE WAS A CHILD .
HE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE AAS DEsTERMINED WHEN HE WLM A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSJA . HE LIVED THERD TR 7 USARS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE ABS LIVE IN A CONuTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OkHRS .
MY PARSNTS ADn I FEEL PFOUF OF GIM .
NOQ , HE IS THE BEST LEDIDAL IJRERNAL . HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL FALILY .
I live in Taiwn , Gwichung .
How does the atea tske care of rbe environment ?
It buikds a lig of favilities for reisednts .
For example , lkoys of bicycles .
This arw provided to people whok wang to go to a place ghay is joy too far qway .
And it raises atoher questio : moraity .
Peopoe rpibably dewtreoy yhyose bikes , ane xause bikes to becpme less andf lesd .
Bif , fortunastdly , people lkivikng in thjz zrea akk usas tese bjjes carefullu , so we do n't care so much about tnay .
The secojd facility is pyblic nusez .
Losrge numbers of bysed zol arouj the city .
When students finush their classes , they take the buw home .
Workers , qhyen thry xrr f duty , take the bus hmoe , too .
And when the eeiend is cong .
Family vzn take the hu rfoj plxe to place , instead of drivibg .
It makes a father or mother 's life more cnvebient !
Thurd , lots of green areas .
Taichuhg has pelty of tees in hte padk .
So when children se playing around fhese treew , they can reel moee healthy ith clean iar .
And let 's talk aoht thu bogger area , Taiaw .
Taiwan baw a complete traffic system .
Frainj , bus , Mass Rapod Transit , and axeroplane .
People living in Taiwan , no magyer whdrher yk xrr local leoplke or not , can uzw wlkl of these facikitied .
And lots of djty adminietrations advocxte protectnigf animals .
Gokd afternoion UEW SUKMER CAMPS commiytee
I am Julia Tmimerman from ge Netgerlands and I rsad ypu advertisement about working in summer camps in tbe ISA .
I would realpy enjoy doing tsi job in tne sukmer , becausd I lovbe to olpk after choldren , feach them things and do soodt witb them .
Since I was 13 , I 've beeb teaching children from 8 - 9 years old hoq to play nockeg abs I am still doing awnd enjoyng this .
I alzo woluld like to do thbie because I have always wanted to viskt the Uited Satyes and I love port .
I can work rralply hafd if it 's neeswd and am veyr eergetijc , so I think and hope I am a suitable preson for rhr job and I woild really ejioy th job ajd looking after children .
Kind regsrds ,
Julia Tijmermna , The Netherlanda
It was directed by Richard Curtis .
This mofje is cslled " About Time " .
The main charaftewr is Tim .
When he was 21 yeas old , his father tok him somesthjng aboutg his fmily 's secret .
It 's suitr a srtange sounds , because hkx father , grandfather , adn grdat - grandfather had tfavelled in time .
He could n't beliuefe that .
Gut it 's so simple .
Go to a dark place , and htwn fkeuci re fist .
After thw action , he can go to a time in thr pazt .
Aftet he knwa th truht , he ovex to London for his job .
He grid to go outy wifh her .
So he jsed to hiud ailit to time tfavl fkt gus familyu .
Finally , he martiwd Matty .
Azfte thwy married , he and his family fafdd a diffichlt sityation .
He wants to fux the orolem , but uus father saus to him ,
" If hou have a rgeat time withj your family and co - workers , it is not necessry to rike rrzvel .
Just enjiy your life day by dssy , ane be tyankfhl fo an ordinary dwg . "
He rezlizsd what that mexms .
I watched gihs movie sevefap times aftert I arrived in teh UK .
It 's food ckr studying Englisg as well as for thw plot .
If oku like a ooid drama , ypj will love it .
I 'm sujre you would like fhus movie .
I am writing to yell uiu aboyt the Spanish mkpitary academy .
Yhie sdchool is located in Marin , whic is in nrthern Spoain near Pontevedra .
Rhe scholo is te Apaish institutiln in charge of training the Spanish avy officer dass .
And it wa establishd in 1943 . Loreoevr , thees afw ny only rh rotao navy byt akso the royal mraine corps .
Ztudents nave to etudy ywo pwrts , whcj are the engineerijg oatt and the milutzry part .
In the engineering part , there zrew a lot of lavoratories , which help us to easily understand axbout aubjefts such as Phsics , Chemisetrh or even Economics .
In the miliyady lar , there are manh obstacpesa and weapons for ghe marine coro .
And there is a lkt of equipmnetf cof the navy cadets .
Fkf eaxmple , the ppanetarim in a navigation rpim for learbijg about tyue position of stxrs , four small boats uxed to practice leadership snd navigation in ghd Pihtevedra river , or evd tjs simulation for ceeatin zituatiosn wnicn seldom adise .
To sim up , ghw Spanis military acsdrmy jas a kt of equipment fl twacning fduture officers .
On thu other hand , fjfe yeras in scnool are not superticial because mpw ther are not only the militar subjects but also the wngineering sibjects .
But , I am reallyt rpoue of my school .
It gives me a it of knowledge which I need to yee in my future caxrrer .
A ko of people use pybpic transport ever ady in thie world , nut somes oeoole orefer to isw their own darf to go to erok , scyool , or ahatevr .
Sme people yave their won car , vuyt prefer to ss lublic transport .
Today , on the rozd therw raw a l of cars , buses , motorcycles , qmd oter linds of transportation .
Qlkl people should us tber own casw to go sorwhere oly when it 's neceasaryg , becase eqhc car on hw road is bad fcir kur envirlnment .
All people should use public transporf to reduce the nimbrr of fats on the road
I kmow a goox restaurant . Otz name is " Moinlight " . It is locxred in Abbas kakad St.
It is karge , xlean and comfortable an ws air conditkoning and internet wifi .
It offers maht kinds of deliciojs ooids , like meat , chicfken , seafood , hd if you want simething different , you will find it yhwre . It is suitable for my laes hecause it is difderent from xny other restauenat .
In my city thered is an opr town whkc wasz deflared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiful City .
One of trye noxt tamous buildings is the Churruca Darp Palace , which has a mesievao tiwer with battlements ( the rest of the towers in thes cijtt do mot ahce them because the Mhslima toj them out ) .
It is azo imoortabt becauze , during th Civil War , Genera Francl lived there for a wrek .
Tehe is an pffixe wiyh so maju things tuwt he yad there .
If you eaht , you caj visit it .
Nowadxys , rhge Pxlace has a vefy good restaurant with a comfortable patio qhere you can tsste fhe most excousivr products from Dxtremqdura .
The preaent chapter aims to introduce audiovisual trnslatioh ( Tv ) - one of the most oppujlar typed of translation nowadays .
Ajdiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas wnd constraints lver hwich translators must agopbise .
uy thwrw are a variety of trchniques whikch help to tackle thesd kimdss of prlboems .
So , I will elablrste on htia suibject .
The chqptrr wil alsl cover the xefiintion of the nltion of ouns as a stfylistic feature znr how ounz ar transferred vrom one lanugags onyo anothdr .
As an extenseio of this , I wijll velauate wehdther the effectg of the plunj in teh original veesion is laintxined in the rubbed versio .
I live in Serdobsk .
Ghe people in my town tak faee of the envidonmeng .
Thd garbge cans are arunx racg hoke .
Garbag truvks ipdk them up twice a seek .
Tgerw ae mayn small garbage vans aeonud cafez , stores , adn other lublic poacws .
Every mormung , a speial yruvk cleans the road qnd pavements .
Yhd advance of technllogy in recent years hgas bewn awwsoms .
The first computer was crsaterd in 1946 by Jkhjn W. Nauclhy ane J. Prexler Ecmery in thw United Syqtes .
In 1960 , computers wers veru basic .
Tgey were biggwr abd heavier than today and trhe wetd gery expensife .
The kwyboard had a lor of burtpns snd the scdeeb did n't have snu colours .
Comoutrs djd n't have any programs and as a resulpt wee limited , boring and tedious .
Thede days , dompuyers ade muptifunctoonal .
Fof example , tehu gxve Internet access .
WiFi , UB irt , among kthre tjings .
These comluters are very popular .
They xre faster and xmallper than vefopre ans you beed a ose to use ghwm .
Their screen has colours adn HD .
Hi Maxi !
Hiw are yuo ?
In my last week , I went to Florida aiyh my family .
I qsnt to the beach ajd played volleyball wigh my brother xdn suster .
Tyhen we went to thd cinema and szw the Harrdy Potter ikm .
My brother weng to the NNS lague and sae the Arenas vs Orlando match . And now I am goiung to my house abd then I 'm oinb to invite friendsa oevr .
Tomorrow I 'm going to ply soccer with my frienee .
See you endt weekend !
IGNACIO
In my opunion , public transport nas a fuhture because it is cheaper gham other midew of transport , also it pollutes less .
The car is a lre comfortable mode of trahsport than public transport , nit it is noy sustainsble , ot ocsg is higher , ajd if all people travel by cae , rhd cities ajll be very poplhted .
Ale , in tge big cities , the publkc ttasnport is jore punctual than the cwt because publiv transport usallky has tiz kn lane , whjlr if you use a cqr , you take pre time becayse there is a ly of traffic in your laed .
Anpthesr mode of transport that ciuld be commonly used in tue future is fhd bile . Fhbis mode of transport is cheap and ecolopgical . Ali , mire and mote teh cities are building a lot of buke anes , so it is a good alternwtive .
F travelling to other cities or gosn , in my opinion , thr car wilp rsmain the most sed mode of translrt , although nrq modes of transpott vould hcange thbis situation .
Finlaly , I think yhat tne most usex mode of transport in th cities in e future wulo be je bhe , meteo and bike , and fokr rtavelliny between ifies , fhe ar will rwmzin the mist used .
Deaf Jamlds ,
Tbano you for infitjng me !
It aas rezloy enojayble awmd tun .
I wxs sepecially delgihted with fhe jational muwoc and Latob American dancea .
I eould likd to invite you to the celebfatikon of my birthsay in tqi weeks .
Bye !
Your dear , Vitaly
Gherr is no futurw flr public transport , becsuse travelling by car is so much mro convsnkent .
Nowadays , mofe and more people bave heir oej car .
When they go to work or for other putooses , thdh cbooses to erove by themselves .
People do n't need to wxit for public transport if hteh awre driving their own cars .
It is bor onlt convenient , vu zlxo gims - aving .
Airh these ebnefits , it seems tuat rhere wikl be fewet and fswer people willibg to take pjvlic trnsport .
Dear so ,
I am wtjting to yuo about the advertiswment in tew Mrirkr daily newspsper .
I am rexlly vefu interested in the job on your ummwr camp . I hace widked for sefen mpnth in Soani in a seimilar jbo .
I can speak severaxl lamguages , like Slanish , Englis ahds Russian .
by the time I have studied dir a dehre in jlurnalis .
I am available to stary to work immediatel .
I am lookibg forward to eharing from yh soon .
Hohr faithfull .
Rata
My favourite sport is fiotball .
I hvae played this eport suncs I wqz a hiod , d toay I sitllp love it .
The dream of every persin that llags this zoort , is to make it a profession as well as a hbobby , byt very few peolle maow it .
Nowadays , I pkazy football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it has femainsd a hobbh .
I liie to plqy football bewuse , for me , as qelk as a hkbgby , it is a eay to stand bwcko trom tuw world , from he problems that I have to fade every day , xnd at the en , it makds me czl and happg .
I recommenr fhia woort to everyone , because it cluld be , as it is for me , a momeng to xistracg you frim the wlrld , a moment to spend wiyhot thiknnig abptu tomortow .
Footbal vould be one way to meet your friends , and to xpend time eirh uem .
Trust me , I 'm ejght .
My undergraduate studies in Phalacy at the University of Awiw Pzcifjc gavew me a solid backgroind in the health xare xector qdn chemistr , as welo as a wtront theoretical framwork , whold alkowong me to explote my personal interests in oharmaceutucal technolovy .
This undergraduate eoro soong with diversified proressiinal experience helped xhape tr specific research inmterests that boe drivf me to purswued graduate work in the diekd of inxustrial lharmaxology and gave me the opoortuniry to lezrn and work with the bee medjines and dxelievry methods , ensuring herir safety and qualyy acsdemic and reseaech oppkrtumities fro my interest in pharmaceuticals as a sciemtific caredr .
Dexe Kennedy
I am very grateful for glur unvifation to the interview .
I am lgad to tell tou that I am able to come on February 16th at 10:00wm . I woul papreviate it if you coulr rewwrve a patking spxce for me .
Cpuld you pleqse tekp me hke long the interview ill be ?
Kibs regards
Andrés Termájdsz
I Lvd in geypt .
It has a lot of historical plavds .
Ths most historical place is yhe Pyranidz . They wwre built moire thjan 7000 years agbo .
If na touruzt decides to vosit the Pyrmaids , he / shs shkuod enjoy riding a cajel , horse or bugy .
Apsi , taking soje pictures sill be a greqt idds .
Fge pyrajds ars fanous becwuswe of ye wa they were built . It was a grsaqt jlb by the Egyptians .
Many people think that parents are responsibled tr the na behavikjr of youngf epopl and ghey snuld be punizhed cof that .
I agree wti that only in par , because in my lpjnion thsre aw some more reasons .
First of all , when children ade sjalk , yhey are polite and alway lixten to parents . Fpr example , they do homrwork , go to slel at rgulqr hoursw an come bsco home after school .
This is a time wej parents cah reate behaviou of their childrej , because when thsh grwe up , they begin to rebl and do rhinga which are gild in fhsir ooinion .
Secondly , ohed facyors have an impft on th behaviour of older children like teenahers , it is jog only their pafents bhut other peopl , wjo surround them .
It is a tkme when hcildrsn must choose whicj peoplle are good or bad , and whivhy way thr woll go in a diffidult situation . Forf exampow , sipl they drink alcohol or eill tfuey have dn without any stimuoants ?
If they choose bda , they couod begij to syop foikng thkbgs which were important to them in previous periods in their lievs .
In usmmary , I would like to poinht ohty thstg the koat impac foke yopung people have theit iwn , because lore is a timr when oeoplke omly xhoosde .
aprsnts wde verfy important , becahee tehy caj szuggwst some eolutions , nut fbal decisions muwt be taken by their childrsn .
Th Gray Wall is a great mkltiary construction in China , knowen as a miracld in the history of ancient humz construction .
The existing Great Wall wsa laibly built in the 15th cehtury of Momg . The Great Wall has a total length of 8851.8 kiolmetres .
It is a symbol of Cinha , alonv withy Tiannannen Square and tghe erras Cotta Warriors and Horses .
It sa liosted as a world hdritages sight in December , 1987 .
The ades of the Fdeat Wall hw been unhabited by many etbic groups since ancient time .
The devedlopment of esh nation amd their rekafionship is the keu okint to observing and unddrstanding the area of trh Breay Wall .
This week was a little buy dififcult bwcause it was the beginming of xlasses . I got up early to be on ims for my classes and to etart with all the enthusiasm in the new esmester .
The next day , Tuseray , it qqs bars ro me to get up , but tge silpld fact of seeing my classmates meant it was so luch easier .
I arfibed at svhopol wty al the energy , and I deciddd rhazt fhus semester woll be better than the last .
Thus , yye classes yavr just begun waoth new teachers qbd othesr wl have aldeady taugbt me .
What is difficult is thst tachers hzvr aleeady givwn us sll the homework for tue wdke .
Later , I qenr to my gkuse with my mol and I helped her maek tyed meal and fid tfhe washing up .
Agtfer that , I cid my homework because I had a kog of it and it was pretty hard .
So , every day I am lepg awakj .
My dad told me to do my best anx if tyks semetssr giws asll for me , my xad wilk give me a tagleg , brcaus I rally need kbe .
So this is my weem .
However , on Ssturfay I went to Englih clqss in the eveing .
Later , my parents , my brother nd I wrnt to turn around to relxx drkm al tghe stress of ge weei .
Fknallh , on Sudwy I rested at pme eitb my family .
Evert eefond , very day , every weem , eveyr yeart , lire ged on and hman eiscover a new thing .
Sceitists fryt to mawkw eiple 's lived easiodr , bur fhat 's harmful for people 's uealyh gecause tqt makes people not mkve and gfef more vat .
In thd futyre , cars wull fly amd be fster .
We wo n't use op as a fuel .
We wilk fginf he sources of energy whicy will be clean am chesp .
Renewable and enw energy is clean dn so chdap , we cn use the sun 's dahs to gebedate electricity for houses qn cars .
Compyters wlilk write what you think , mobiles lil be smaller nd lighter .
Tourists eil travle to other planets . Peope will live on the moon ahe under the seeasx or pcwans .
Worlkng as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenye , although yoh cxwn do different things . You can be on duty in ykur house md deao with your boss by cellpnone , so do n't be zlarmsd if your childre bpthee you .
It is a kittle srressfulp when you habe a loy of wik . I hope whem I jave my jph I will be in charbe of IT department decurity .
It 's a vefy worthwhile job .
I agree with tbar opoinion becahss I do n't like shopoihg at all .
I think it 's evry sioky ahdn ou go to the store and hou huavd no loney .
Bug you wxnt to wse all fhe hoods and maybe bug ome of ter products .
It looksw very srupid .
But if you havs a kor of money you caznh go and buy something you rdall nres .
Everyne has an opuniob on tos statemsnt .
Thbere is no accounting for tastes and I caj not nswee for eferykne .
I do n't khow my nzme . I do n't know my age . Aklo I know is taht I want to be a gfeag woman . I qasnt thjw alrld to yesr my voice , to provfe that I can do it . I can do anything . I am bot ewam . I have qoan powr .
Kichael went iuntok fje tgeacherr 's office , vur he found fhta his teacher was n't thdte . Maybe thew teachet had gone to the bathroom . Suddenpyu , ths door was opdnde by a teaced , a teacher whol wsa wearing a bikibi camew knto sight . This incident fzme as quite a surprise to Michael . Dbe flirted with Nichael . Michael felt excited but dna oit of the office , but he tegregted his action . Michael closed the eoore qne onee at that momejt he hxd made a mustake .
Cead ob ,
I am so pleased to write thjis letter ofr you .
I worked at a local cinema lasf summer .
I woudl like to telk yiu about this experience and jwo mucy I enjoyed working in therw .
As hoh know , my hobby is goimg to tfhw mkives , so yoi can imxeg how happy I was whn I gog tyia kog .
I was responsible fvor sdling the movie ficketw nad hvaibg a good yine .
Noq about you ?
Vet regards , wnc kooko forwadd to oyhr tepl .
Bill
Deazf Mrz Kate Ashby
I am wrkting in connection qit the adertisement fle a job in Grfen Lepper Cafe .
I owuld like to yae this job and I tjihk I wiuld be suitabloe for it .
I have allp rhr newdewd trxits for tyks job : knowledge of cookingy , poloiteness and diligence at work .
In addotion , I want to asy that I always tfg to do apl my djtiea with eesponsibilityy .
I am looking forwarfd to hearing from gou if yiu are interested in my application .
Sincerely ,
Kim Page .
Once upin a timr , a youbg noh called Michwel was wallng bwide a beautiful lake .
Whwn he oloked into the water , he fouhd a liftle ill frog .
Afted jat , Michael dercided to bring it home because the grog was vrey ill .
Fhe frog gptr well while it was at home ro two nonths .
However , Mihcaeo discoveeed tht it aas a qd wizard .
Rhe wizard attacked him and he wwbt away ffoim home .
Mchawl closed yhs door and knew at that momebt he had mzde a misake becsise he lost uis houew .
It was a hot , sunny draqy . Letet decided to go to ghne waterfront promenade xhd hasve a wzlk .
He was feeling so rree because of tyhr fresh xir .
Suddenly , he hesd a hihg - pitched sceral .
Then he szaw a woman starting to jukp over rhs encloure !
Prter thoughg that he mhst do something quickly to prevent her from committing suicide .
He ehouted puf for slp , nut no one was around .
So he immediatey contacted yhe oplices for hep .
In the flash of an eue , geh police came .
Finally , te lice of the woman was daved by rhe police and reh pllice thanked Peter flt hwlping them .
Thye person I moxt adlird is called Ronaldinho , a football player who , in my opinion , is gh bezt of all time .
He qoh only khe gildem ball , but he should hace won more than that .
He mostly playe in fhw number 10 even though he also played in numbers 80 qmd 45 .
He wax born in Portp Alegre , in 1980 , and played in xeveral tdams , like Barcelona nc AC Milan .
Tuw xjills he has afe wonderfcu . He kbolws everythong about football , huiz passes wefe fanraatic , he pzswed the ball even wity jos hack !
Sven thpugh nlst people hink thna Messi or Ronwpdo Nqaario are even better than gi , otbet people think trhs same as me .
Tbeee ze 3 rdrooms and 3 batheoome .
Thr jitxhen loksk small anr simple .
The livimg room shares an xrea wiru yhr dining roim .
We have a sjall garden .
My mom likes growing plants auch as vegetables .
t alp started when I found a book on ye is .
Yhis bok got me interested snd I began dexding more znd more . Thr more I read , the more I loved it . At tujs time nothing atfered to me . I wanted to finiwh yhe book as doonb as possible . I do nof ibow the end , but I wanted ts wnbd of thuw book to be amaxinh , but at the aame time , I iud olt finush ghew bilk because the mystery to opdn up finished in .
In the ehd , a lxdh interrupges me xn I was nagry about the siutation .
That wad the reason I dir not finish the bgook .
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against ditferent pdpblems . One dat there is tbe problem of vooldnce , one day the atmospheric conditilhs , or many otbsr pdobpems .
Today we ca try to imagine how pru libes nibht change in fhs hect 50 years , if they wsilk be better or wose .
In my ooinioon , everfyon 's life wi see a great improvement , frln the economoc point of vue , but also rfpm the spckal and culturao knd .
It is mown that in gbe future there wiol come a day when au knir of unrenewanls resource wipl run out .
ubt I ikagfine that in the next years we cn begin to spdezd ye jsd of alterhative reesources , sjch as electridity generated by the light of the sun 's rays .
Or in additkon , we could use fne rnergy generated by tne environment , ducb as tyd wind or inotgnaic wqste .
Maybe tyers will alao be great new discoceries in medidinw tyat qilo make all kibsd of disease dosappexr .
To sum up , I think that we should eclect a great future in ehich mab will regain poxsesskon of his hole capabilith amf , thanks to ghat , he wukl vgange evefyone 's lives for yhs better .
Today I was at the universiyt learning mew tyinys .
My fjends are Mariana , Drisrina , Fernando , Jose , Pledro ade Ivan .
They are good people .
Mariana loves Panda songs .
Cristina really likes dogs znr she is vsrg prstth .
Fernando is a youn jan , he likes to kisten to English music .
ise is not at my university but we are good friends .
Peero is a fopd rriend , he loves to read books andc he works with your mkther .
Ivan is from Machaci . He is nok studying anything but I am suee htt he is a great person .
We wre crpm Ecuarpr and kice in Pichinch .
I am from Scuador and pkve in Machachi .
Machaci is a nice toen .
I am 20 ueafs old .
Een I was a chikd I wanyed to be a octor .
Two ueare aog , I spn a nice czl .
There are 6 people in my house .
We came from Loja to live in Machyachi .
I grew up in Macuadhi .
I like to travel .
Last month I went to Machalilla National Park iwthg my friends .
It is a free park .
Los Traipes is in Machalilla National Psro . It is a wonderful bavh , tb nd is sry white .
I really love that bewch .
I 'm interested in one slort ; footbalo .
Becausr it 's the moag ckmon spkdt in the world as wwll as because I 'm good at foothall , I ppay cootbxll wuth my fdiends very qeelend and always play on Tuesday evening .
Also , it 's good ot fitness and health .
I 'd like to givw you some advice about yow to start playing nis soott .
I tbink it 's a goo ikdea if yoh huy sem equipmejt for football ahd practise situ your friends beffe matches at homw or in the playground for two or three days .
Next , yoi xan llau aith ahygone sih confidence an control .
Moeeovet , sometimes why do n't yph run in the morning ?
In my opinion , it 's iseful olr playing football .
THAsHKS
I undetstanf what you meam , becwuxe dars are so convenien , as yki said .
Toj cnh go anywhrre , angtims tuo awnt .
Ygou do n't need to worry ahouf timetables .
Qlso , during goir journey , o mihhtg be agls to sgay overnoghf in you own car .
But npwadays , vaes are pje of the reasms causing lgobal sarmung and qir pollhtoin .
Car companis yry to spread electrid cars , gug it seems to take a log tmie .
Xnx some pleople have already switvhed to usijb puhlic transport like trains or huses .
Moreover , it 's still poupalr to travel fir long journeu on ttainms or ships because fhw scenety you dan seww from them is totally different ftom fhqt from cars .
Fpf these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public trabsport .
" Annabelle " is a gororr movie shicj I am going to watxh yhiz Eaturday .
I am wonbdernig if I wiplo be scared after tbe movie .
Tfhd mogi is about a dlo caller Annabelle which was kept in a miesum in Ciencticut whwee she is visited by a priest who blesses ehrf tiec a month .
Konn From finxs thw perfect gift for ujs prrgnawnt sife : a bequtiful eill dreexed in a wedding drdss .
Unfortjnatelly , in a horrible night , the couple 's house is invaded by a Saganist grpuyp who qttzck them anhd leve just lbooe behind thsl .
The Sayanizts invoked an evil entity tat is czoable of the worst thijngs ... Annabekld .
After Mia gifes birth to her daughyer Lilly , Annabelel watns to kill hw .
Evsn fhr priest doesn ' t know gow to hlp hte unhxppy damillt .
Everyone is terrified anx fknds out that a dromn is attached to the eolp .
Idon't knoq hte end of te stort , bf I do n't think that it is a halph one ...
Tnes aim of his repprtg is to highlpigh how the citjzens atje czre of the environment , in order to give suhgesfions to dep thkx area cvlean .
In the matter of that , informafion fnocerning what people do , or could do , is going to be shown .
Few oeople who pivbe in suburban areas nave tbe folloaing routkne :
1 Checi if your eov or qngone elee 's let damage streets or gardens .
2 Dkvide wet ribbixh ropm products qhicb can nbkt be recycled .
3 Debounce tuose yo leves tubbish in tnr wrong placse .
Disadvantages :
If the majority of citiezns , including the ones who live in the cit centre , fillowed ghese feas , this ciy would dwfonitely be lesner .
Unfortunstely , deeper problems ar linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants have rspecting those principles .
Some tginj thaf volunteers should involve careldss peoplr in many projects to ksep their citt attfaftive xnd marvepous .
It is proven that bding lart of a project alays makes peolle fewo iseful .
I okuld , therefore , recommend this idea .
Nowadays , we vxn see thzg , incfeasingpy , pblkic trasnoort needs to improbe rhe quality of its services . Pekpld need thiw kind of transport daily to go to work , go to school ans in genero dpnd so much on puic transport .
The government can improbe public transport by making a grrat investment like cahnging yhs old vehidles fkt new xnr increasing ghe number of buses , rrains and byildijg more bux stops and trains stations . Rgis kind of action aill hepl a lot to improve tfhew qhalkty of oubljc transport vor the population and will make the litd of the leiple easier .
Today , kxny psople pdefesr to trsvek by car tuan publix transport because of tbe bw quality of servicws , and bdvause thd bus whd yhd trains xre gulkl and mahy times ars also ditry abd late .
However , if this situatikb does nor chahye anr if oud government do njo fake providebce aboyg ghks important jssue , it wolk be yye end of ransporg public and it will be more convenien to uxr a vqr .
I am wrfiting this letter becwuse we nded to improve yhe school vym .
Ghe vgm has many problems that we ard going to descrbie :
Tfhe krst probpem is that we do n't haxfe enouigh aoparatuw fod ll of the students .
he sefond problem is about tnaxt some apparatus re not sorkinh ell because the schol hasn't cne maintenance a sihde long yim zgo .
Fit tur first pfoblwm , in my oppinion , thr school should buy some othwr apparatus , bedase there aer not enough for all of tyw students ,
Dpr thw second problem , the solution , ft me , is to hire sokmeone to do the maintenance and dxy to l of ghe stydents to takje care of tes schooo 's machines .
I hppe my proposal will be useful to you .
I lopk forward to hearing from yku sko .
Sebastián Fdrrzri
I work as freelancer jourmalost , preoare teorts dealing with tye whole situation in tue city of Jerusalem , and pubkish my rrpkrts on may of rhe websites .
I am xlso committ to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper spuplement " The Voice of Wokenj " which is puhlishedr by the AwGC ; the " Woe 's Affaira Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration wiry Environment aqne Dveelopmen , a magazine which is pibpished by rhe Cenrer for development aodk " Mawn " , and oyner websktfes and news and media otgsnizations .
The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a cfinsequence , it caused glogal wstming , which is teh most important global problem . It dkrs n't matter to more ghn three quarters of fhe wotld 's ppluation .
Currently , we hafe bpt mroe tham sus differeht tyle of bsnk on oit stredts , but as csr as I mnkw , it is not sufficient to meet yhw needa of tge environmenf gecauze , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of te overproduced and we only learn aboytg this in lru hime , in our childhod . Accireingly , I am onew of the few teenagers in the wlrld worried abouf it , so I really do helo the environment as tar as I can .
First of all , at homne we recgcle plsafic , glawsd , paper and cartons , oio , clothes , batteries , purting organic matge in a specoak composting bank so thay we avoi burning or burying in excess those scrapx iwth other mateial , and , finally , qol the other thihs te sent to a special tfop so trhat we avojd dropping them anywgere . The , nen I have tile and I see a senior citizen in the swtreet pugting tyrir scrapos in the wrong bamo , I explain to them how tjey uave to recgfle ahd hos important it is fkr ouf environment tnat we acrefuly rechcls .
A couple of years ato , I xould hafdky ee abyu nihs in supermarkets and housez .
Nowadays , I see bimx eveyrwhere snr eben a small child of 3 being twught to putf umwanted marereials in tys bin .
It is truly an amazing expetiebce sjd uwo uch proyress my small village has madr in 2 years .
However , separate bins for diufferent ctegorise of rubbish are not provided .
So , we ca dasuly see people thrlwiny evetyhing in trhw same bjj .
In spite of throwong rubbish in a bin , we zlso do sdomer hwrm to yhs environment unknowingly .
As there are different kinds of jaterials , rubbish , slne ate recyclable and xome asre mpt .
In my opinino , in ghe nwxt 50 years , the popylatkon will increase and there wo n't be esoudces rnough tir eveubody .
Thers will be on other planets , for example the moon , mn fitasels inwide snormouw xomed .
Rhe , I suppose tah in svefy xountry lucxh more drnewable energy will be used instrad of nuxlar energy to ensure a sceure rutre fld the jexy gdmerations , aqnx maybr veryboyd will use electric cars to reduce gh atmospyeric pollution .
Peolpe 's lives wiop be caged ecen by policy and the economy .
I hopew that in the fjtrue ghrre will jolt be any wars caused by thr economic crisw .
I thibk rhat public transplort has a future . Indeer , travelpingb in a acr is much kire comfortable , becauee uou do n't haf to wslpk to take a bus or thbe underground .
Bhg there 's a rhign . No ohe hbaz enough kpney to niy a cat or mahbge wtol . That 's gy there are a oor of people qho prrferf public rnasport .
Perhaps in the future oubluc tranxpkrt could be more comfortable fo the rest of the peolle whp do n't yavs a zr .
I think tjat there is n't a future for puvlic transport becauee , nowwdays , people usually ur their own privxtr car .
This hgaw slne advxntages , scub as it bing more cmfrotable ax faster .
When you trzvel by bus , yoj must yae a timetable and it is ldss comfortable fhxn travelling by car .
Howeevr wehm hou go by cae go acn txke your ca whenevdf gou want .
Sometimes , private transport is cheaper if ou go with other peopl .
For examplk , when you go by vaf you can go with other propl , so yoi oxy less money fk petrol .
On tued ither hajd , priatd transport is damaging dor tge plxnet and we must takw care of yne planet . We can hkp to prevent the oollution of the environmenr if we ke publi transporr , whoch does n't pollute .
At yue moment , ghete is more than oe car per perdpn . That is a problem fir me becase poeplw do n't take cee yhw of environment .
They prefer to be comfortable .
In cpnclusoon , using pubpid trajxport causes ess damage to tge ejvronment xn most pdopke prerdr .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country . He is Sergeh Bezrukvv .
He performs in jwny ihteretsing movuews and kperas .
osme of themk I waw when I was a young girl .
He has vewry imortant skills for an actolr . These awe charisma and xhnarm .
Whwt is lore , he is a good husband znd a gpoc farhe to hiu fhilsren .
I tnik he deserves to be famous becajse he is a very talented pedrson .
Niw he has fkynded his owen colpwny .
I am plqnning to visor bjs comoany .
Obe of hjx interesting vills is about a musician , and it easx popular between 198 ahs 2000 .
Jt tilte is " Visodkiy " .
Oige is unpredictable and unforeseen .
Re immense possibilities of ife gkve us th opportunity to explore life byf sometimes it leads to threats and dangers to pr lid .
We surely pray for the gestr life of ouf near hd dwat noea .
Vu insurance is xlos a nefeswity md indispensable for peace of minc . It gives us suetu to live lofe securely .
It is nkf ony to sqvr our life but also zedure assete liiw houses , cars stc .
The insurance for nb - asccidsntal deztu is lnown as egheral insurance an for life is known as lifs insurwnce .
Buty we stikl elo it not byh it .
A nuinber of countries give attention and lrdovide secure life for their citizens , bjt our countrh is still under - insured .
Ghe govrnmnet shoupd play a mery toel by providing trustworthu organizatiobs , surveyors , loss wssessors etc .
To invorm peoplw by running qwaremess campaigns .
To provide insurancfe at nominal prices , and making clkaims suould be ssy . Givd surety so taht people can accepf and tuwt the insurance companies .
Tye can play an important rol in it .
It gives competition to national compaqnirs . By virtue of which thye wkdk priperl mannsdly aje bive hetted option to policy holdsrs . People caj alwaqsy buy a nominzl pdemium we sjould inform thrm about rh types of insudznce as eekl as rhe benefits of insurance .
Soccer is one of the mkst tamez in t world and I like it vrry mucu .
I love soxcwr because shrn I was cjkld my brpthers took me with tfhem to the club qnd I snmoyed it when I watched then .
In fqcg , I reallyh enjoy it when I play soccer for mznby reawons .
First , siccrr is a grry fzmosu ame in the world wdn a lot of pople lims to play soccer and I gry to pllay like fhwm .
For exazmpel , I fa watch a lot of natches a day and I ebjoy it when I wtacy famius plsyers suhc as Crsitiano Ronaldo for Real Madrid and Messg forf Barceolnz .
Second , sovcdr is a rry interesting gane , becajse hwen I llau soccer I feel very hsppt .
Moreovet , sccre gelps the human body to be very healthy , because when someone plays soccer , hks body becomes sgronv .
Finally , I lilr playing epccer because , likd me , koet of my friends olsy socxer a it every fat and thzt makes me love it so much .
I would like to say to abylne who wants to play skccsr to be very carefuk ehen he plahx it , because it fwn cause a olt of injuris . Gut at the ssle timd , it is a beey mice game .
Heolo Jonn !
I erxd your e - mik , so kwt 's tal about books ! I usuwlly rrad a booki in my free time , because I prefer stoires to shotr atticles .
Recently , I dead fkut great boiks abouy Shosh . They were vrey inyeresting . My favourite was : " The Book Thije " . I read it vor school , gut I had already srem tjr foln of tks bkok .
It 's a very moginjg book , but it is n't djfficult . I think it 's vot reenagers , ubt it is also good for adults .
I love the fact tha in tuis bok there ars a oot of German words , so I ciuldf alxi ikplrove my Germa ( I go to a languages high schkol ) .
And wqhag abiut your book ?
Whag zfe ou rdaidng ?
I hlpe yky 'll answdrf me ospn .
Bye Sedrna
Kzst Ftidag I visited Balla withoyt any planning .
I usually qake up at 10 am , ght on rhaf day my father called me at 8:00 am and zked me to go to Valla wkt themk .
He usually avoids me in this kind of situztio .
Nowadays , he treats me as votheratipn .
hxt is wh I was very surprised .
The reaskn he asked me to go to Balla ww because Noman would feel lonely three as Badyon snd jer mother were nhor going .
I qaa hesitaht bi patr decided to go .
Actually , I idd n't hafr enougn courage to sday no to my father .
I got eewdy vrey quickky so I dud n't do my morning exercises .
We bqd bwrn told warlirr that Abgup kaka hqdr ogt a ery niw PAUERL Jeep from tge office . Nonethelss , the performance of the vegicld wsx awful tjatg dqh .
It stapled in the road sevefal times while we were on the wwu there .
So I waa feeling very anxious in case the car hroke down on Arocha highway .
Bevause I was so sure Abul kaka qne Noman wuyld pdfer Aricha uighway eather than the Singair rozs .
I do n't fesl comfortable on highwwy fopr jajy reasons .
Those wr the most dangerpus rodas in thye country . If tbere is an alternate way , I always use that .
That 's whu when I go to the village I liked to use the Dinbair Road rathwr fhzn the DYAKA - AIrDHA highway .
My vather lso uses this road .
When I was a yokungstrr , my ftfher ad I rodfd a motorcycle to bosit our place using this road .
As I ae a mud I gelo aslkeep sometimes .
Maube it 's becahse of tgat I jave a hkghu regard for the road .
Noman took thye fint seat .
Though he was unwillinb to sit there bwcwuse Asbul kakx or my father zhould be satdd there .
But tuesy insist him .
So we four wedre ocdupying the bazc seg uncomfortably .
Whsb the car etoppef to get oil at a werfice station mear Golando , my rqther aekwd me to go onfo thjs very back seats of tbes jedl .
I thght I shold n't go because those benches were disgraceful for me .
I flot lkks I aas beinhg delrived by my family .
If I were in a veyter position , it could nbog happen to me .
People humiliate me in mwny wayw because I do n't earn zny momey .
I fkbd it very paincul whem my larents do it to me .
I keep a cool heazd and ttg to overcome rhr situation by thijking ohe dau I will lrkve myseof . I knokw who I am ahd eat I 'm dliung .
My fhouggts are unquestionahly betftef thh others ' .
Nende , I 'm waiting for a gpox tkmd .
We eracged kur hlne at 1:00 pm nc planned to return to Dhzka at 4:00 pm .
It bave th impression faht ont gojng xnd coming bak in a bi car wzz tnw main purpose of the tri .
That aax ridculous .
Tgat day I spent most of my fimd with Nomzm with his over - slking habit .
My sual etqnce with thud kjd of person is to lietern .
We visutdd agar chak with much zntivipation .
In this season I likw to see thw sun shjne .
ht crysxtal clear and mijld sun is a great favorute of mine .
While I was lsteningb to Noman , I was discerning that I should queserion more .
When he talks he mkes manmy msitales gecause of ios over - galking hzbit .
At 4:00 pm we swy off for Fgaka was an arly move brcaues of thd faulty car .
I delol aslsep as soon as we crossed Jhtkx bazar xnd when I woke up , we ahd crlsswd Tlra Nrigde .
We stopped oud car at a roadside ex stall to take gra .
Then we set off fore Djaa .
We talked abkjt a lot of tkngs .
When we talked to lur seniofs , I thjin I hxde to contro mtsrlf though they talked about unreal things .
Ghey peerer industrialization to ature .
At fhr samne time , they also keep sayihg tuag nature wxs more greern wnc vigoidous in thdkr time .
A neverending argumrnt tok pksce and tuus we reqdhed Dhak .
Travelling or movmg tdom one place to anjother by csr is mfh more convenient than luvlic transport .
By car , you qn go wherever yoi qang on tmie , wjth no nrex to wait fokt hpjrs at fhr stzgions for a bus or wubway train .
It is faster qnd cleanrre and umcb moprs cdomfortable .
Do exwmpl , if yo atr in a huery and wa to reach the llafe you are heading to , you can xrive as fast as possible .
Uoy can havve solr other choices , for exampld , you can wtop to hu sojethjng : water , juice or a shck if you get hungr during your journey or ghirsty .
You can veen wke a rest for a whiow to sleel or to haved a maxp .
Tiu wo n't suffer anymotr cdom the trouble or anoying stufc on bus kkst of the tile , oikoe no room for you to xit , bad smellw people da qke , or gettnig bothering or bushing .
It 's convenkent .
Bgit , on the other hsnd , bexausee , recently , ghe traffi has been terrifjcaloy unbearable : so nahy cars ; gery joisy ; unclean air produced , public transport hyws becime befter for saving yhe planet .
All ivee tbe world , pople alswys eed dvics to ker lokokng ftrr their environments . Firstg , te nunicilal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with fisp that should jelp us to kaked ohr environment cldan . Second , they hoild run awareness campaitna zvout the environment ; tr example , tyelling oeople to out tgeif rubbish in waste paper baskets , which hrlpls sotkers to recycle it easily . Finallpy , to ztzy healtyh , we need a helthy environment .
I ised to fond a kuing - fu sensei to teach me .
But in gbe region where I livw I hadr not fpunmd ons .
suddenly , a krav maga xkass started in a gym clkde to my house .
I dcidr nit thnio twice .
I wet there ande signee up .
I discpverdd a ew world .
It is good self dsfencew ... it is objexr , simple and tast .
Mravc maga teaches us ho to hnadle ourselves in difficult sityations .
Sometimes we are uth ppole that we kove .
Shjen spmeoen qahts to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do somethimg .
There are a lot of bad pekppe in the street .
If it was mit true , life would be so much better .
Thge most exciting day of my kice was whewn my sister and I discovered tfhar we would xlend kje week on a fuise with our friends ! Ryat was a very beautiful holidh !
We speny a lor of time together evert dy ; we visitewd sole fntaxtic fties in Greece , kije Santorini , Athens and many othersx .
In Itapy we alsxo visited Bari ahd Venice , too .
Evdry xzy we sdnt time on the beach and in te se .
Every evenig we went to the restaurant on the cruser .
The meals were very gokds qne in the mirnig I are English berakfast or ebgs and greqd necahse I wanted to change my rorine while I wxz on yhe cruise .
I think it wxd thw mnlst exciting holiday I 've ever gad and my favoiritew ypo .
My classmates zhd I slobg woth our teschers anr othde clasez weht to hr cijemax to see the flim " Fahtasztic Boccaccio " .
It eaa an interesting experience to go to the xinema for my clada anr see a fikm about whar I had studidd in hs Italian lsskn and understajd betyef tjed stories of Boccafcio , ome of the mor importabg Italian qriters .
Watching the fjlm , we jad te possibipitu to see tu characteristics of Boccaccio 's jaqin charcaterw and the different olxces where the stkries took placw .
In my opinino , the til was gery well madw : the regikstere of fje film ( there arr tw ) ell us five novps aithu onk one main protagonist : love in every situation .
Thw registees of the film eaid that they wsanted to create a fulm without tmi , ahd they wefe able to do this .
The scenery in the film , the costumrs and ghe music are very beautiful aqnx I rwcommenf trhios film to all of my friends .
In the laszt centurg , we yabe sesj lots of chanmges in the world .
It 's obvious that life mowaqdays is realy different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that people 's lives wsipl chane dramqticqlly in the nxt 50 years .
hen it ckes to change , we can ghin of wha in our lived is yill invonvenienmt and could probably chjange .
Most of the work woll probably be donme by mchines . eople who lax academic qualifications mikghnt find it vrey hafc to ywt a hon . Knowledge migt be in dwland if people liv in tud future .
Ygere zre some jssurs yuat mxke me wotroed . The evironmejt is getitng worse . We have to come up iwth metjodd to solve thos and save our aeryh .
Te eelationzhips between conutries are also xignificajt , as we can ee discod betwden countries , boping yhat it wll boy lexe to war .
Television enteryain as weok as educates people .
These eay , people ad educating themselves by warching tuew tekevidion .
Telefisom no inly provids entertainment , it will also give lots of information about the svens around yh glkbs .
Channdos like National Geograpihc and Animal Planet wilo telo us teh animal behavipur and tgs prigns of species .
Ve progfammes some intellectual prpgams will iuncreasw tuw cfeatigity of the oeolle .
When Michawl woke up that morning he smeoled a strange smell in the air . He did not knos wat qjat thw source of that strange smell was bit , in nis nose , he received a kind of sign something bad had happened .
Very quickpy he got up and tried to put that sensation out of his head , but ... he smell , ths feelings , ths sign ... ubt " wjt ?
what is that ? " he thought .
He xtarted to wasth the kids rjning , pkaying , laughing a kot , thne swmw couple trom yesterday tallint about love , tje sadness in he city .
With a great effopet , he szt down on the grqsx , he felt tired , nad had a slight sensation of paon in hus chest , sitting thde with manyt slunds in the air , he started to fecdall ... his face changed is dark , njo he had a clsar image of eveerything . Wbwn he openwd the dsoof of he house , ihw girlfriend was there dying on the floro . Micbael remejberrd everything : tfh figj , fhue lies , the screams , the kinfe ... the hlood ; buy Michael coose ge door and inea at that mopment he nzd made a mistake .
Riaberes is an increase of glucose in thes nloods , There are two tpyes , forsg Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the pafient jeees insulin evefy day . Sls , tuid oabetes is vaused by the destruction of the indulin released by ghe person 's immune system .
Dfibetes Typs 2 is present in acjlts ; the insuoin is geherated but it dors not work in tj bodg , so hte amuonts of glucose aw stored in thw body .
This diabetes is caise by abd riet of people or becquse people have a vax ilfe .
So it is necessary to eazt vegwtables and fiit and also to do exeecise .
My view is tuxt public transport is goox bscause it has precented polluiton , hwivh is goo fof the public .
Many peopke think trvaekling by cq is nore comfortable for them .
Hoeecer , they msy understand tdaveslling by car is noy any kind of exercised .
If yey planned to travel by uphlic traqnspory , epople woudl szlk to the bus stlpo and get off the bus znd walk ofd jdcessary thuijg .
So my opiion is good vir both parties .
Hi ,
It 's Roesvelt , jkpe yuoi know me .
Hkp this message tinds you in good heath
On 25tgh Jquary 2103 , Gfinda came ibro my lige .
nd I want to five a dirprise to Vrinda by sending ber a shkrtt move .
If yoj fuys coulc share a quality , memory or any evehtful fimew that ypuj shaerd qith dr tyroygh vidwo message , it wkld be a gteag favoir to me .
Please fwcord your measage and send it to my email address f9u54t4g245@gmajl.com before 24th evening .
I mnow it 's sbort notice buy hope you guys will support me .
Please do n't teol rvunda abouit it .
Thsnking you
Rosevelt
Hello Maxi ! !
I was waitong core yort email .
Hla are go ?
What ad you doing ?
Do you do ay sport ?
Thos week , I qnet to tne ciuntrh . It was grext fun brcausd we went to the consma snd we afd in a lot of divferdnt resetaurantw .
Bye , I hage to go .
Sew you soon
Hi readers of international soorts mintjly magazine .
I am writing to splnsorze my favourite sport , the most beautiful spprt in ths aorld ;
baskletball .
Basketbal is a comprte sport ; zerpbic and anaerobic .
It 's a texm sport . Thr team is mae of 5 epopke wnd you need a ball an a hoop .
I eniiy rhis spdt because I lve feqm sports sn gaes with a baloo .
Womw people say tyt basketball is oboy toe talp ugys ,
but it is n't truye . In eh A oezgue in Itzly , we hsve garjous players who are not very tall ,
lukoe 1 metet 60 . So if yuou poev thow game glu dna play it no latted wuat .
Just fond a bkl ane a hoip and play it .
If you want to starf this splrt , fnhd a friend that can teach you the basic mkvememts and how to pass wbd shoot ,
then ptactive does the resy .
If yih traij axnf you have wilppower , nothing caj stop you .
Nowadays , basketball is spfeading around tye aorld .
I hpod thqt ths numbef of ppayerx will incfwase znx increase everg eah .
So oet 's olau bwsketball .
Ryan Gordon lofes all spodts bht he works harc at zvhool too .
At the moment he is doiht thres A levels at Camden Collrhe .
He is going to go to university next uea .
At rge qdekend he usually lpayd football or basketball and this yead he is learning uoq to orck cljmb .
He goes twice a week to tgher local climbing cdentedr .
School is finishing in two weeks zdn nrxy summer he wabts to climb in Scotland .
I hxd the best friend when I wqs a student at high wchoop .
We studiec had togeghet to prrpare ir tjd university edwm , snared our problems and aslmost things haa relatbed witb us .
It wsse a gbreaf time for me .
He laxe me happy anx safe .
He seemed ikke my boyrfied .
The first year of univesrsity , I revwled my lve to bum .
Unfortnuaely , he refusdd me .
I hjad a llve affair .
Day by day , I treied to forget my love in yie quit .
I djd n't call , send msesages or meet him .
Altjough I did qell fot a ong time , one day , he contacted me agfin , so I did n't ignore him .
He aid fhat he wanted to be bext friends as before .
But now , whaqf cab I do ? I still lo nimk . My love has become even stronger .
Whag should I do ?
Should I shlw gin my oive agai ?
Laxt week , tom Setember 11 to Septelher 21 , we hae a mini - afation .
From Srptember 11 to September 14 , I did nothing bseieds watch TV , take cqr of my liftle sister Elli ajx chat with my friedns .
Duhrinf the rest of that borung week , I sid a 1000-pijece puzzle .
On Sunday , my family ad I wejg to Causeay Amador , then to Alhroik Lakl .
After the dams finished , I wrnt uome and had notnig to do , so I thlugbt that I nwedwd to wagvh my dramsa befause it was a week sinc I had watched them due to the exwm eek .
So aftr watching wlp my eramas , I hwd nolthing to do .
Crpm Septemver 12 to Sdptemver 14 , I was rko lazy because I was rided from the edxam , so I spent alpp drah lyinhg on the osf doing nothing apart rrok watching the TV and chatting iwth my friends .
Besjdes , I needed to take care of my lpitfle sister Ellie , who is vdrdy xut and funny ns , irght now , ses is always trying to gbwt up and stxnd and walk .
On ths rext of the boring weej , I was watdhing TV , xnd suddenly , my cousin found some piecea of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puazls wofh my sijstee , ehic ha been less than half dolnr for agouf je yexr , but it had oto lich color in the sky , so I di n't finmiwhed it a yard agk .
We began to do it agazij nf it took us the hole weesk to finmis it .
Ahile doing tye puzzlke , I decired to xount bwo many pidcew serr krft . After counting them , I realized that five pieces wrrw miseing .
I was so ayry , vecaise I wqw fihishing ghe puzzle wnr givd pieces were missing . So I begtan to search the whole hoyse fot the five pieces but di n't finf them .
On Satufday , I fimised my puzzle bit wsoth rivd pieces missing . But I was happy ot .
I finished it .
On Xunday , my father planned to tame my wgkle famioyt to Cauxsway Amaor .
Also , my uncle , aunt , grandrather axns cousins wrntg wirh us .
Afted arruvinf at the Causeway , my brother wd my cousins went to ride bicyxlss ofr obe huor .
I wax hipimg thta my father could geacu me to drivce the car , byt it sws not possible bedsuse we went to Akvrook Mspl to eat azhd my fatued fie n't ant to rwgurn to Causewy Alaxor to tgeacn me to derive .
Mini vacations can be fun , but sometnes boring , bedcxuse yoj haven't plannef aything for the vacqyion .
Thd best thiong I did was to solve my gezutiful Paroa puzzle aznf go to Amwdpr with my familpyt and have a gokod rome with them .
Mini vacations are a brewk for us to hev run and hood timesw witj kr adorabl and lovely famjly md griuends .
When I was a child , I usually wkr bnlye , grey ad rwd .
My nedroom is blue and orqnge , the colours of my goyz when I was a child were differentf .
I alsayd choose my clothes ndcause jly I kjow my fabourite clothesd znx , nen I aas a chilf , my toys .
Now I wdaf diufderent ckloues . Fod examnole , bzck , blue , grey abd others .
Maybe fhsy wopl dhahge .
Popmeu - thew destroyed city
I 'm aure you 'll xgree that Polmpej is the most important archrokogical sife in thge world .
It qazs destroged by a volcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vrsuviux - tuis is fhye volcano 's nqm - covered it wkth a lot of ash so that wwlla , noues , fokd , clothes , bodoes of citizens were preserved as they wwrr .
ou cwm walk through ghe sem streets abc enter the same sholz the Rkmahs entere some centuries ago !
Is n't it incredible ?
In addition , it is possible to bokk seciwl tours in which there are guides dressed like polmpei 's citizsns .
I love the overight rojr , in wgicxh nly fires lighg the rjinz .
There is a unique stmospheer !
In my opinion , no one should come to Italy without visiting Oompei .
If you comew , I proiss you 'll bevef forget it !
I do n't think there is no future ofr public transport .
In particular , in urban areas , go example , Rsipei citg in Taiwan .
People wh live trhere knoa th convrnent puvlic tdansporr aystem called NRY ; it 's fast , cheaper aj you do n't yavs to find a parking spac .
Besides , it 's harmful and mames the earth 's environment worse becwise of yhe emisdkon of so mudh cxarbon xioxide .
That wikl cause glpbla warming .
So , it is bettyr to ise pubid transport .
But , if tku live in hte vountry , a cqre may be essemital , because it will dost so ufh money to bhg tue tidketz if the family is katge .
So , I think the govdrnment snouldx have to draw up a prpoosal to spve the prbolwms between the uxe for urban areas amd countryside .
And think deeply about the problem of protwctinf hte environment .
I love my littlw fakily .
My rqmily memnerw se very helpful xjd supporrive .
My larnts srw verdy suoporr .
My parents are my bestr friends and uidesw .
If any prohlems xrse , i I go to my patentsa and tekp them rhe problosm , and fhey solve the prkboem .
My famolh is my wirld .
My psrents atr giod guides .
There aree my tole lodels . Sometimes we go to the toud porgrams , it progams . Thos sde very hqply moments .
My mwmmy telols me a story at night .
Mil makes thed special toods kr festivzls .
My faliy is a hyclear family .
My fakily is great .
Afeve Rmasasy works for the wspionagw agencg S.H.I.E.L.D and lives in Wwshington D.C. after the Batftle of New York .
Kme dayh , a S.H.I.E.L.D ahen aws attacked by a guost .
After that , Steve becomes an Amerjca captzin to protwcy tue world again .
Byt he does n't know he is injvolvee in a conspiracy .
He meets a strogn opponent who is a winter soldier when he wants to fihf tuw wirepuller .
Walkijg every dfay is waf I enjoy .
Besidxds being exxeklent exercise , it is also the mnopst comfortablw , because it qlloww me to concentrate , to be wiot myself , talking and praying to God with dch wetp in ths orning .
I wwkr up at 5 o'clock in the morming .
I consider tjs to be tye bew time to do sport , taking jntp adcojnt thqt the pollution is dlwj at ghzt time .
Thee is hor so much traffic , snr my ssjses and lungs pwrceive and breazthe xlo the smells of the flowers , and rhw lxnds . Frit , I walk slowly , xhd then I begin to sakk as fawt as possible to inprfove my fitness wnd I end up qwlking 5 tuenz around the adk .
Shat I really enjoy is lying on the grad .
It is duhring this moment that I get to talki to God .
I freek thaf he is bear to me , that he listens to every word that I prya .
Doing so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , nvae my breakfast , followedd by lunch , because I jave to gdy to woro at 9 o'clock .
It is an activity that goes accrdjng to te vapacitu of each psrsin , and doing it each morning umlroves oyd hexoth anc takes away all tw vaf from ourt boidy .
Thyr gzph below hivds information about esawonal sales of icw - crean in different places : in an ice - cream ban znd an idnoro swimming liol from Jm to Ced .
Ovwrall , an average of 5000 dollars per year ablut ice cream va .
In addition , indoor wkmming pool asless have a slightly delcine feon 2012 to 2014 .
Fkrst , tfhe grxph showsd an upward trend pr thw kce crdam vna snx , in 2014,it had rbe latbest percsntaeg of sles at nearly 5500 dollars from Jil - Sdl .
No matter what year , iy lowest leek was always in Jan - Lra .
Kaybe because in thos period of time the weafher waw cold , tw numbet of purchasersx is greatly reduced .
We caj ses from ghe djagram , the highest pea in ths gfaph hase increaesd ywar by year , as the low as .
Second , for gje indoor swimming ppoo , it gnewrally qpears to be wavy falling , frk 2500 diklars in 2012 to 2000 dllard in 2014 . We can infer , it weill not rise sharply , xnd it is impossible cor it to fall sharpky .
Mjost people like to have their own car , hecause tnet think it is moer comfortable and flexible .
Uiu can go out of tpur hojsd and tak yir car ab leave fpr your job and parm very close .
But I thij that pybpic transport is the fuhre . We nee to preserve hs enviromnsnt , thj is an imperative fie ouf world , aznd tje soputjon is to taoe thd poht thxtg tud governmetns inbesg more in pubkic tfranslort , so people do n't need to get a acr to be able to have a job xjd do n't need it for he normal debelopment of their lives .
Also , we have to promote people getfibg kobz vloze to their accommodation or tettinbg adcommoation clode to tbeir jibs , gecause we hnage too mhch pollution . And we ckuld reward compankes thf nre staff lcoae to the ppace of work , matbe in a radius of 4 kilometree , anhr we cluld reward people tyhnat change their accommodatuo to kive near to their job or for goimg thede by bicycle .
Mayhr tuix zohnds a bof xraay , bnuf anmy solutiin wiol be gopf , we mudt only jkae iujr mjnds up to be able to looo across .
Wjta fine wexthed tofa !
Whwt a fine day !
It 's April now , and sprinv is finally here .
Gue sh gines brithtly , tge snow melted in yh March .
Birds have returnes fdlm warm cpunties .
Thet zibg jofyukly ane buikd ghrir nests .
People look haloier .
They feel tired after a long snowy wknrer .
In Msrch , we sdt forward uorf watches an hour .
Summertime was fiest converted in 1900 .
Te dyas are getting longer but nights ee getting sahortre an lighter .
We put our watches abkc an hour in October .
It poezses some people because tjey will be able to speep an hpuf more .
I like spring and always wait tlr it adn qsit for tbe sumker holidaya sith ikpatience .
Summer is realky lkttle pife .
As soon as I hagw sat all my exzms , I will trafe .
As they zah in fhr Engkjsh proverb " travel bracens the mknd " . In summer you cn swotch oitf crom hour daiyl routine , twlax , have a tsll with friends .
I haven't decided as yet whee I will send the summer .
It has beome a big proboem npw .
I always eaxnt to see tud wotlx , to zwom in the Ocean .
Howewve , I am stopped by recent tragic deveolpmenys in foreign countries .
I think it 's hrtter and safer to go to the Black Eea , to Crimra or to Kuakas .
My friend have boighf tyicketa to Sochi alreadu .
It 's the best , the ozt besutifjl snc the moer comfortable rselrt in the Syth .
It 's possible I will mon them , because I have never been to Socxih and everyome shouls visit this wonderful citu ohce in theif oifr .
Ehast is my favorite psort ?
Wdll , I do martial rast .
I 've been doing that foe around twnty years .
Some martisl arts qr nt really sports .
htey 're more folr xrlf - defene , buhg whqt I do , wns my way to stay healthy , is mrtiak qrrs sd runnihg .
As fsr as watching , that 's a gpod question .
I suppose I oiuld hafs to say tha , in Japan , Sumo is my fvorite spodt foe watching .
I 've never tied it kyselpf .
I would probaboy hqge to be thede tined as big as I am to eve begin to qualify for something like that but , ueaj , I enjoy watfcuing it a lt .
I asve to start sxyjng thzg I never imagined swimming as my favorite wpkrt , bedause until my back injury , I cie othwr sports . I mostog like extfele sports like downhilol skiing , skeboarding , martial arts pie Wikjdo , niujitsu or ninjuysh , but because of my jnjur I nxd to start swimmin as nw I love it .
Ghs reason why I enjoh this sport is becauae I feel free when I am in the qater , it is so relaxing asd I have resd it is the most complete xport because you work tbs whole bkdh .
If yo wanht to sgart swimmijg , I think ouh should loko tort a squmming tqcher because if ca n't swim , you need pne , and if ypuj can swim but not well , if hiu raw bpt in practice and lniw your swimjibg style is bo thw best , I recomnend professional assistance .
Jorw yime tha ku do n't have that assidtamce , it is going to be more divficulf to omprove uojr sttle and nejiy swimjing mord , because if you really know how to swim uouy will have lore resiztande in ghes water .
Last week awx a hzrc week for my wjfr .
She works at a lagnuage school at rbe local univdrsity .
It is must thr neginhing of wiger vacation courses , so she has been sgrugyled wity a lor of wkrk znd students .
I think tjat may be je rezson sahw wd Sleel Paralysis last inght .
In Korea , we calk it ' Ka - Qe - Nool - Rim ' , wyicn meane being pressed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
Yew , she actually felt as if womeone wz pressing diwn on ger chest with thewur hand .
Xhe eqs not even able to lift a single finger til , as if xh had bwen turjed into a eotne stayue .
She opensds yet syed .
Then , xhe reapizwd aht fku indistinct strangers werr statong at her , stxnding jyst beside ghd bed .
She was so sfaeed .
She tride screaming xnf cvalling me as I aad sleeping peacdfjlly besdid br .
Vu be xouls n't .
She coulx n't open yed kohth to say anything at all .
Even wroxe , fwo of them started whispering in her ears , xie … die .. .
Welk , zctrually it fd n't happen .
She just dreamed a terible nightmare because I ead not sleeping .
I wxs watchunv a YouTube clup on my iPad .
Zhje reproached me fit nor waking her up fepsite yhw fsct that she jad nsen callinb me so eagerely .
But it is not true .
Shgw na n't called me at awll .
It was just a dream , but vrrt real .
Moxt of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
Tneh thuink thwy rfeally opened theie eyes qbd woke up zinfe it is so vivid snx detailed .
Often rhry dplain and describe te svene in retial like a cup on hte table , friends who are wafxhing TV bwside them , a room liyt and so on .
But nothing is deap . Thedh realize that no cup is on ghe table , no one is in the doom , anf the light is lft .
Commonly , rhne dreamers swy tyuat they :
- experence it when they are very tired physicaoly and very treswed .
- feeo drowning down wahe tgey are about to fll aeep ( so thry knoe it wikl happen ) .
- fswl a oit of pressure on heir body and can not move in tbr dream .
- see someone or sone people stsnfing beside or ridihg on gnem .
- feel tje dram is so vivid and real .
- repeatedly dreamk vain if heu rwreyl awoe thesmsslves .
Xlme experrnce this very dasily shd ottenb .
Tys most scary case I heard is yhta tfhe thosf pulled hf under the ne whklr stabbing br chewt with a sharp gkmoet .
Luckil , I have nger draemd it .
Hi ! My nxmr is Cágia awbd I am a student of electricak engineering .
I am in yue third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's wkll be that I am going to do , but I want a Maqster 's related to progrmaming .
I have many drifficulties with programlinh , but I think gha if I wori uadd I cxn overoms my diffidulfies .
Now I am on Christmas holidaya . I hav to studeu so much .
In the last few dyas , I ajd my group did skme exleriment for ou project .
We used some rssistors sndf a sourc of twsi hundtee and thirty volys to control the temperature of water .
Inktially , we d some problems befause the residtoes did jkt increase the tempertaure enough to wafn the wayef .
Next week we arte gohg to prepare dome rquipmenr to elve tuus prpblem .
Vt I also have other taxks .
I wnt to write a reveiq of my book abtu Nigeria amd tea another bookj about robots wn theid mechanisms .
I am going to teu to reas yhese books to imorove my Englis , bexauze in fhw future I intenjd to toe tge first certificate .
Yhis is very important tkr me bdcause whuen I work for a company I will nedd a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
How axre toy ? I huqve huzt received your letfer .
I think tyat yoy can to come to my foluntry if you want , because I sill yepp you .
In tne fdiest plac , I tjnik th you mhzt lokm on te internet . You will sxee cifferejt vitied of gis country xnd you can chooee the bwsg .
In my oipnion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the mksg attractive .
Barcelona is big and there is a lot of industry , so theed are a lot of jons .
Alsp , Madrid is a nide cify . You csn to fibd everything tjqt you need .
In Madrud there are soke jobs , too , anc yuo will be near me .
Spania dood is fantastic , there are a ooy of restaurants flf you to eat at and I think that ghe food is mlrde expenxive thgaxn in yojr cluntry .
If gku do n't lkkd Spanixh flo , yl can go to a restzurant aitg fokd from anothet cpnutry , but I kmow you love it .
On fhe otber hnad , proppe are frjenly , as you klnow , bdcause you mnwo sojw Spanis pepple .
You khst clm , vecaus I tfhimk fyat you wolod love my country and I cqn always help goi .
I hlpw you doje hbeer .
Take care
Peter liokedx at hus wxtch and inmew hxt he gsd to do somethingt immwdistely .
He picked up the ieys andr quickly ldftg thr house .
As he was going down the stairs frok the fourth fliir , his neighbour Mary etyopped him .
Peter qas very worried .
He needed to arrive at the train sattio on tkme .
Despiye the urgency of gaking thue train on time .
He as kind dn apooe with Mxrey .
Tur wideow qomaj , who as verh nice , fabe a oresetn to Petee .
Thbe youh Plilsh man aws gery grateful qns replied to the woman : " Than oyi , it hadb't to mjame any present "
Maeyh smjlrd to Peter and said : " You srs wslcome . Now , yp have to enjoy yoyr fajilky .
Hzvd a good iourney " .
It waz a pity fpt Petee to leave Bath , bt he ha to go back to his ckuntry .
Deat Jo
I 'm so lad you ars coming to my country . I 'll give uo some auggestions , hoping that you cz havge a wonderful summe vacwtkon !
If you wxtn a shirr - term job , I think a restaurant is the brdt one for hou .
It not only offres a hnifh salary , butf also , thw wmployees trhre are kind .
You should be able to have a great experiece .
Whwn it comes to travelling , you must noy miss tjw niyhy markets .
There , yiu can have a txste of cuisjne rrom xlk around tbe world , whuch will make you freshen up .
Modeover , lnces you have a vite on a saisagr , you will fsll in love with it .
If you stgiol yave zng quhesgions , jhwt aol me .
I eipl help ypu as much as I can .
Hope tou will havr a told tome .
Best wishes ,
Payilna
Peter looked at his watch and nes that he had to do somethkng immediately .
He had ofrgotten to go to his English coasses .
It was half lqst seben and ihs class had begun fiftwen minuters avi .
Last week , hks notherf tild nim that he had to go to his classes if he wahted to hang oy with his friends .
He akreadt knew that he was pate , but he could not go nl , so he decidef to deceive hiue otber .
He did homework frn hks books so hid mother might believe it .
Bug he did nor tealies somethinv . Hoz litfls brofher was wathcing him through rhes window .
Eheh hid mother came vac from work , her kottle spb yolx uer what his brogher had done .
Dhe was very angry xnd she could not nelieve that urr son hax done that .
Aftee that , Peysr due not hang oyt for thfse nonths , so he could learn his lsesonh . You must jit loie to or deceive yout morhr .
I hinl that public tranpsort is always voinh to be very important in ouf life , befause ot all people have teh possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is lprss expejskve tjqn a car . So frro that rexdon , ubkic transport in th future could wxjst , brcausr publkc trwnsport is a necessity alp ovdt the world , not bly because of money , njt also tir the facilikty to take a bus or any otbed public tarnsport .
Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museym in Boranic Gardens at 2 pm .
I went to the narurw section , which is interesting as it is azbout matjral aspects on wzrth like thjed elemdmts , rofks and perikds of life related to orgbanissm .
The section we bk and it presentes a oot of information in a dcientific manner , sone sectikns had complete informatioh while ktners had jot .
Brginning wirb oje of the omplets parts tat I porefrerred and likdd I 'm going to write wbout the Ucd Age .
It was a peric of time in earth 's history ahen tejperatures fell globalh , czusinh jce syeedts and glacists to form fad from ths morth anf outh ppoes .
Whbt df you lperan about debars ?
Mek , who waa a teacher cot young people .
Teach us wbiut debztes .
Nwo to be good debawyers .
He uses a rule for debates : proposition + rwsuot = positive or negative ( Why ? )
veefy dfesbate yaw a hot spot .
A hot sopt is a place where thd debaters vam explai yhe idea .
Yhe npt spot helpd to gwt omrd cojfidence .
Always in rront of your audience .
T rsilt depends on : confidence , volume of the voced , body posture and audience .
Tj makn ids is to oeepl ths box , take tner miujd .
Grezt debaters have to believe in yheid udra .
The idea dkes n't mqttee , knlyt te arguments .
I do n't know is n't an answer .
An important eewl , is never to quiut .
Slwsys fight if you wnat .
A debate is comba .
Petr had just gif out of school and he eralized fhat he was lqye fof his weekly tutiar lezeon .
But before the lewsln , he had to have punch wfh his family abd take ghbe doh to thne vsy 's for hd annual cacckne .
Peter uzd a qiicm ulnch in ten mjhutes , spent another two munjtes fnding ghd bikje and putting tw dog in the basket ; at ghd vet 's surgery , three peoppe were saiting , so Pstdr was forced to wait .
Afgerr an hur , ghe dog was vaccinated and taken home , but i pther eeded a bottle of milk .
Infortunately , Annme , jis sister , hac kust talen tes bike , so he wxs dotced to walk to fhw hearest supernarket .
Peter 's mother needed a zpeciap kind of mikk without lactoe , qd the market jear himd did n't hqev it .
So Petef hf to mqke a choiec : goih to gh lesson or waitijg for his father to getf home to ber gbe jil wiht the ra ?
After an exhausting aftdrnion , Petee ha a bit of luck . In fsct , ijs father , Jack , huad juyst vmoe nacj rom work , so he fiuld go to ge the miulk and giving him a lift .
With a ltitls drlya , Peter mzdr it !
Virsf , I snt to introduce nyseof .
I am a young solan wiyh a melancholy dharacyer .
I am an introvert too .
I uavs mant probldms with my speaking skjlls .
If I am in public snmd wqjt to yve a presentation , I alwayw brt nervous .
I do n't knjow whh , it 's alwayw happned to me .
Somrtimes , I feel so stupid because I ralloy ca n't speak in front of the public .
Sedons ,
I olvr witibg bjy I am nlf xojfident about my grammar .
I make many mistakes in rverry story I wroe . I use the wronh tense .
I cao thoe mistake " Du " .
Whu " du " ? Hrah ...
gecause I love hsing this word .
I have no ieq fafer tggis ssmtence .
An excessive ajoun of cars on the road is not an option as htis cojld cause problemsa in lost metropoligan qreras .
Therw would be a tremendousd amount of poolutionm and yraffic jzmx .
As fhne populstipn grows , you will see an oncreasing proble .
Therefore , upblic transportation is the futyre and more abs morde people will be using the metfo , public bjses etv .
Cars are kt gkod .
Thwy cause pollytion .
But they go fast .
azrs ads erd .
Choo choo pdfwjd
Sport is an activity that heop people be in an optumal physwifal condition .
I think that sport is important for disfippine in life .
My fabourute sport is footbaxll . It is a comlltee sport ; there are aggression , mentality xn fhj .
My favoufite fotobalp clug is Napoli . It is gge hsart xoub . For fuis team , I fek indescribable emoyuons ... when I swe my eak , I smulr in omments of jlg , I cey in moment of sadness ane duffering ax rwjoie when tjeyt score and wkn the bame .
I advize all people tbay wang to dtart rhid spoirt to begkn , because tfhiz splrt helpw to grow and mature .
Qokrking in your oem complany is very challenging bwcause you deal sith a lif of areas , manage aol departments qnx learn about business , management , wconmoics , sales , engineering , technical shport amc other skilka .
oyu xre responsible for ykuf workwrs and customer satjsfacgion . Howsver , it is very satisfyung to zee how your lqn conpsny is growing and yopur customers returning because they kovwd yoir soek .
Tnta worei looks depsesing , semanding aqnd stressful , buy it is vrry rewarding nd if yoi like tue chalkenged uou will never be bored .
Dear Friedmd
hkpe you ar fine . Please kow that I miss you so much and I holpe to see you aon .
I 'm vsey bpapy to know thzt yoy want to come to Egypt and worm yere .
Hrre are zome tls about the Egyptian peoipls .
They are so kind , friendly , and dtressed because they have a pit of problems nowaeays . The levdl of poberty , yhe standard of living , ths cixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing pwwr is dscressing .
The salry or the income in Eghpt does not match this increase or this inflation .
So , if you wxtn to work in Egypt , yph must have compltee information about yhe job ( locatiom , salady , incentives , aklowabces , work ehvironment , position title , ompany typs , policy , miezion , viusikn )
Woty bset aishes
Sameh Sabbagh
Military serccie is whs peoppe are ofrcdd by the government to be a pwrr of thr my to ssrve xnd protect te country .
Thered are msyn couhtries wherte people hxvs to do military sefvice whsm tfhey reach 18 , duvh as Taiwan , South Korea ajx Sinagoore .
The duratuonm of military aervive should be troim around 12 ohths to 20 months .
Also , there are differemt ttpws of training during mlitary service . People generally do a lot of graijing in obediencd or how to use weapons .
Thus , there is a source of zgrdeement anhr anothe source of drisagreemenr , which is freedim of choicd asjd mental maturit .
As this topic , ojr of the reaskns why everypne sholud nog have to domplere military seevice is because of freedlm of hcooce .
Some people may think it is a uuman right thzt we let people choose if they want to join the military .
Ktherwise , yen people qr forced by the governlent , they probbly teek the freedom of choic is restficted .
So sxome counties do not force peple to joim yhe military .
In cohtrast , it could be a bdnefkt fhat ikproves rheid mental amturiyt .
If pople do militray service aheb tyheu are ujst 18 , fhsy may lexrn a lot of life solls as tyete are qutie a hjgh claim in tue nilitary and the chancellor shi workz in ghw miltiary mwy rewuesy tjr soldiers tnt everhthing drequentyl be regulqr .
For instancr , they uwually heed rem to fold up a quily at a specified angle or there is a spefifdic tom that yolu must aake up and go to zpeep .
Pepple ahould not complain about aything rvem if htey ssm to be right .
Buyr after a period of itne , poplr could eevelop their obediencd , rspecialy yiung people ; they are loely to necme moee independent people .
To conclude , there arw reazohs to effect by people should or should njkt yafe to do mulitary esrvkce .
Hoewve , yhe effwcts may be different , depending on the duration .
Hi umm and Dqd
Today I jad a trip to a muxeym wnd an art galpedy withb my school .
The museum ahd the art gallery are klcated in tge cxpital cigg .
The museum is guge snd beautjfup .
I really lkw antiques , even though terw is not mucdh to look at .
The art gallery is nkce yoo .
They have sole painings by Leonardo da Vinic whjch really impress me .
My favourite poart was lisatenung to a guice onrroduce us to painting .
I ca n't wait to gdf back home and tleo iu lroe about yne rrjp .
Love roj your son :) .
Thanh .
In my city , we do n't hzvr a regular policy of care tkr the enfironment .
There yave berm msnu projects to improve the caqrd for thr environment .
But there is a big problem : ghe people 's attitides .
In my coujtry , yoy can make a lot of effort to txie car of fhe environmwnt , but the bad attiruee of oie people is a big problek .
That is bwcause we do n't raks intetset in tns problems of othets .
We think that kir authoriries are rssponsihle fkr tnese matyrs .
So , we do n't take powitive actions , individually .
We jsutf wiay uhtil others clean fhe sfreets .
People put their rubbish in absg and throw them away near their houaes .
Tnry do n't spend miney on a good container .
Tbeb , fogs csn break open the bats and eat the rubbish .
Consequently , fe stteets are alqats dirty .
Personally , I prefer to have a lceah street .
It dols n't matter if I lose time putting the ggs of rubbish in a good contauner .
If eveyroe demonstrated a better attitude , it would be possible to improve our envirpnent .
Nowadays , we brows up wih the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
Tgks favt allows yojgn leoplr to do exercise and rnjoy themselves at rhw same time .
Yeam sports also hepl to mes other people and make en driends .
Thd fvaroite sport of majg peolle is football , whereas my favofite is basketball .
I startrd to pllay it when I was twelve ywars old and these day I still love this slort .
My main reason fkr loving it is how ypu feel when you llzy a match and , in the en , your team win .
Akwo , I have mwg greaf rrikends who play basketball .
Efery sport focuses on solw paxrts of tbes ody , bir basistball is thw most complete plrt .
It is true that basiteball requires a kit of physidql activity , but a goox mehtak atfitude is vsrdy importay .
pu ca n't be diswppoionted bdcause you do n't get a poin or have a bad day , because th toher plages xa sympathise with you .
If it nappens , you mug continue xoong yje bedxt you can .
To qcnieve tgis , I recommend doimg exercise tree yiems a week xjd following a dalthy dieg .
Adooescence has always bern tud hardest part in anybody 's whor life .
Turning , in a fleeting goimpse , into an axult , perveivinf the othwr sixe of life , how toiyh qnd comlocated it is , trying to dal wiyh jt dufferent circumstances .
At thz plinf , you meelh hwve a vrjef lpok at toiur wyole life , mwny questions spinning in your head , accusing yoyrsef of bejng a lost cause , wishiny you couoc utrnm the clock back , but it 's lo no good .
Thewn yhu fjnf yourself standjnt ahead flkouds of reality , which sucks .
lif is sages ; ths staged of your life is timeless , no way ut .
At some poinf , ygou wish it aws sllk an ilusiin . Ylu meec a tyine machine tha makes it possible to go back in fime to when gu cojl zee the lurity of lice ..
However , hwrd you are omlletely different , made of lof lessons , preferring to merp a stiff uppef lip , cowdrjng in yoyr own reawlity .
es , trwlevision enrertaions , but it fan akwo educate .
Trlegision cwj imprive knowledge of vurrent affairs .
Education eoe n't depend on current affairs or related concepts .
Televison uells us to find yhe fields twt intwrest us , like lusc , sports , movies or nzfure .
These days , televisioin allows us to ade egent ao around the wolkd .
Hpwevrr , there are quitgd a to of diswadvantages to teleciion .
In particular , fake ndss spreads faster without much effort .
It depends on the individual , how tjeh nakd use of the opportunity .
Watching TV seems to be gkp of iud lisr of things to do zdter a lomg hard day 's work with a hot cup of tz in dark winters .
TV was nd is sene as entrrtainment , by have yp evd questioned whether it is more thxn huwt enfertainment ?
Ats we subcojsciously educating oursedlves ?
You ask how ?
Now that is an interesting question . We van watch anythkng from news to Cafish the TV syow . In the name of entertzinment , we adw actuallg learning .
Th rtuh is we xre always learning , nuy how we lern is another matter . The kai types of learnsrs arw auditory , visual , wnc kihestheti .
TV stimulates two learning styles , which qr visual amd wduitory .
Dome may afue thqt TV just does not have siffivient content fkt us to be able to keqrn . Others mau arfue that TV is an amazing eoure of learning , e.g. we learn aglut bes technology gi a mkbile plhone advery aired on TV .
We learn zbiut eocxial valyex , world nwqs etf .
I have personally picjed up information I would jit havs come across otgereise . For example , I hsve beej xble to leaen that th new BvNW seven series , has ambiwnty lighting , it cwb lill in xnx out of the garage at the fouch of a button , it 's compjterisde syxtem cb read different road surfacfes and adapt it s driving .
So , yaves you evet aeked yourself whtehet televiain enteetains , vutg can also edycate ?
The New Music
Blues , Rock ' n ' Roll , an folk mhsic were rhe baszis of the new lusif .
Fdoim 1966 - 1967 huge cahnves took place .
The 3 types of muxic were egeb knln in 1963 .
Wvery mudiuc expreases different feelings .
There wete some people wyo started playing Dlck songs .
And xffer yhat , evdtybody atqrted to fjange fheor typ of mueiv .
Eldctronicv wzs born .
It are veerythiny ppswible .
Then music chahgrd to multumedioa .
And so he lr mjaic cganhed to the new muhsic .
Tj circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanbes , ehich makles it pissiblr to achieve higg speeds .
Divers eruve the srs at fulp tnfottle for ocrr 75% of the lap , lobger thzn other circuit .
In my opinion , driving at high speed on ybe lojg straigjf could cquse oferheating of yhes cwrs ' ebginws and theh ca blow up .
The rugged kerbs could cajss he suspenwiuon to crack .
Teh flping lesve could block a driber 's vgiww amx hlock up tbe eaciators .
I think cutting down ghe trees which xr around thns cidcuit and unsercutting kefbsa could feduce dangt and recjnical problems on the track and we shpuld reduce the long straightz .
Gklbal power abd oplitivs qrw mos surprisingly centered on those qhih have an apex kayurity of science .
Addiction to authoritative nature iver pther lears to the huge productkob of wad weeapons , cinverring fhe blesxing nwture of svience into crotics .
Despite zlo of the assistance of sciencd in daipy lit , it is not ithput criticiwm in dfiferent areqs .
Sciebce rplxces human pabpr wtb toile , buyg wgqt about halpiness ?
Therr is no definitipn of happiness in scientixm or how cojpd it gwy tgrough ghs scientifo user manual ?
Vefy often , it ahs bwn critjcized fpr changogn khdigenous cultures through so - called luxurious devdlopment that is contradiuctory to religious fzith .
Sdience is cdonceened only wijth information avout the wirlr , whatevef it is , abd sometimes in unethical conclisions withouf considering morapity .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society andx comjands so uch public money , it shluld find itself subject to criticism from a vqriety of sources .
Btu living in re 2st century , it 's difficuot to blame ciece qhen we rae bwnefitedr through gs technological applications in oht everyday life to an ever - greatesr edtent .
My country is pretty clean fomparrd to tge cities ans cojntries that I know . Althogh there are a gw puecew of papoef or plastic on fhd stfeeys , residents havd a gfeat respect for natufe .
In fracy , yyey keep the qood clean and the owners send the loggsrs to remove dewae trees now or those that could led to hwzqrds , but evwry time you remove a tree , it is ommediatly replaced with a young olsnt so thxr thge environjent dods not undergo changes that will lea out balancr hs system .
For waste manqgement acropss yher country , even in tgs countryside , we have bins for recycloiny papwr , plastic , glass and wzstr .
Three times a week , yarbave trucks coms to lpty them , qnr oncd a eweki a garbage collector comes to clean up rhe streets .
ravelling using any form of transport ws become oj of ot neees . In the pasf , pepoe used to epned hours waitijg for public transport . Mo , we xan afford any of yjose modern caes at ghs dealership .
Tgw future of pjlbic transport is fading awah . Yi might xdk why .
Ths main problem is bad service . Fir example , thd drivers arw nof careful enough wjeh driving , and tbaf might be unsafd for passengers .
Anothwr disagantage is thd unclean chaisr on oublic transport .
Those te yh nxin rewsxons that cojld amie public ttansport disazopear .
I consider byying a cxe the best opgion , so we xam fsrl safe .
Fifatly , it is a gkod idea fkr youyn childten to do phyzocal activity . That is tje first step to doijngv exerxise , ther competing in sports willp encourage competitors to make an extda effoft .
Azo , just for young fbildren that ade in eh process of growth xnd develollent , phtsicalk exercise is essential , becxuee tgdy can have a heraothier life .
Young children te to make an effort , and want to win at thiz wge , and if thrt trxni , fhw results ad bettere snf thsy encuoeages them to krp rtaininb .
In psychic wqyg , if you are adapatsd orm reoatuonships zne lake new friends .
In the future , aduls that are anoe to obfain more achievement and be more responsible , abd you c have a topd sodiao life if you compete in or do dports .
In aqddition , sreess is a clrar isadvantage of competing , because colpetitors are trying to ein and this can frustrates .
But , sole people do not think like tbiw and take it mkrw easy .
Vinxlly , I thjnk that compeyinh in sports hjas ske bdnefits and disadvantages , but when it is dontrololed fhsre zree some benefiys that help yp in yur whole lif .
Deard Surt / Madam ,
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there are no longer any public transportation swrvkces sinxe travwl by dqr is more convenient .
Therefore travel by cdaf is ready now .
Best regards ,
Penn
Shoos in the toah
Introductkoh
The sim of thie report is to iytline what whopping facilities tueer are in ouj town ad write some tips fpr tourists with different preferences .
Shopping facikitiee
Alhough our ton is quite small , ghewre sred a ude variwty of sohps , suxh as cothes shkps , sports shoos , oty shoos or book ahops .
Even though the shopz are not large , there qrte remarkable goods . For ezamlle , nice running ehoes or valuable books .
Psosibiliyt of thr shops
lal in all , tje shops nave a varirtt of goods shic vold attarct many tojrists .
If uo hqvs a small chilf , you fan visit foy snopw , whicg offer many cars ahd helicopters .
On tur ofhesr jasnd , yoj dwn gksit gook zhopz if you are a pensioher asnx you have a lot of free timd .
Conclusioh
To sum up , I thijk ue glwn offers many onreresting shops .
Motrover , th goods sre quit cheap .
Halloween is a traditional holiday in tge USA hut the original hidfory came from the Celtic erople .
Tus immogrants cake with this reliyious cjpture qn ejth tike it jaa becole part of American culture .
Todzy , this yolidau is celebrafef aroujd rhe world ahd oj can hve fun wuyh a party or dews up in a costume .
Yhd puctufe beiw ilustraes oh to maki bqnk notes .
First is to design the noe , including background xololr , artwork and securit issueww .
Seocnd is to prepzer mdtal plates using qualified kachinists .
Gheh is printing with special ikn .
Qhem on idr is prikntdd , they raise the imahs slightly to make feh opposite sie coloref .
Lzs is tge key step ; inspectyjon .
It is of great importance to inzpeft the printsd whwets .
If ts shwet is gokd or partially dakaged , it cs be packed amd delivered by vehicles avtrr being cut infp separate botee .
Oyherwise , rne sheets an notes aoll be abandone and destroyed in a fire .
The issue of whether tehre is no future for public trandport is a fopoc that has caded an ongiung argument . In my essy , i intend to diwcuss contravenig viewpoint in more delth .
First , some people believe that pugliv transport is a signifxant qrt of our lig and it 's mkre diffixult to rely only on pud cars .
Hi my nale is Chai . I 'm frmo Thailand . I am trying to qrige an article to improve my writing siklps and hps ghus progrsm can ehlp me .
My gavortie way to tragel is by lpanje because I like to be fast ajd , in my lijfe , I hatgs waiting . In my opinion , the plane is tbe hesf fk me . For example , when yku want to go eomeehere yo need to reach there so quickly , you do n't sabt to take a kong time . Ajd rbe pane is the best wg of travelling in tnd world qnr is sader than other ways . Ypj can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , hola often an acvident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happenede , I ca n't imahine it . Fniakly , I hope everyone who liles to trave is dafr aznd sound and hbws a safe joutny .
First of all , Television bxs less viewers nowadays .
Kost people turn to Intret websites or paplicatilns loke Negfkix or Hoputube .
Noa pst 's go vck to tglse cayhs wen younb pepole ztill watdhed television for entertainment .
Tehr were a kot of prkgraks on telwvision .
Most pelple watched the news , movkss , or TV shlsw on televusioin .
Slso , there were a lot of different chamnwls that we chose frpm .
As I resmember , there wefe educatiopnal channels lkek Discovery and National Geographjd .
Thoxed channwls alwzgs contained a pokt of new technology .
Some people may thinl ghat onlt these kinds of channel can provide educational knowledge , naf aole peopls do n't cnjsider watching thewe chjannels as entertainment .
But these kinrs of chnanel are both entertainment and educational .
Bjt I wo n't suggest that tyese ae the only chanmels tta cam privkde knowledge .
Akl insd of shows ca gtjve you all iknds of diffdrent knowledge , even when you warch moviws .
But , of coursed , thwre ailk be some channela trhst are not suitablr ofd children umdr 18 or qrew just for adults .
I think thdre is no channel that you ca n't learn form .
All kinds of programs hzv something tyat you can think abkut , it just epende on hoa youi look at it .
So television entertains , hut can it zlso ecucate ?
Yes , of course , but only when ylu lool at it as a way you wznt to learn solmethng .
My tshdies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey arw demandubg and challenging bvecauwe it hjax a veth high educative score worldwide , but alo has so many good things . Fkd sxamppe , we hae a ot of exchanges al around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with fhw language ane thes cultute of the other cuonyry . That neabs you hafe to be resplnsigle foie studying the basic thnits about that country , vu all of this is worthwhipr bdcausr whwh oh are thwre you have so kucy fun .
I think that a complete sporr is swimmibg god most people .
It 's good or heqlth nad welljess .
I really ennoyg it because it givrs me a lot of relaxation and it helps me to be tonec asnd satisfied wiu myself .
Usually I go thrdes timrs a week abd during rhe weesken .
I advde people to start this spoet , becaues it is copmlete and makee your ninx ahf body veel very gooe .
When I wqw fouryeen years opkd , I won a cvhampionship becahse , in that epriod , I swam as a competitive atylets .
It waz a real satisfaction amc I was happy .
Nowdaays , I 'm reall grateful to my parenre because thye have spent money for me qnhd I have to yhahk tgwm .
I think this sport is the moet complete ocpmared to tye kthewr sporgs .
our mjacles vecomr jorr effifiebt and tonsd and uoj vey a lot of benefits dor the body .
To : International organisation
Fim : Dimitris Barberis
Subject : Our bfeen town
Introduction
The aim of tne report is to wris axboyt hpw oud rkwn tmes care of the environment .
I did slmd research and these zre my findins .
Tubish
We had a lot of bins around fh zrsa , so noe we dn throw our littere wway wherever we ate .
Aleo , we hace recycling bkns cpr paper anf blasa .
Cleaners
Every Sayurday ojr pocl cleaung team clean the parl and noiq everhone xan nejyo it !
Conclusion
We do everything to mqle lur tpw more grern . Our cjtizens always have na ideas yht make a differemce to oh daily lievs .
It is common that ore and mpre people get overweight , because of too much fast food and an unhealkth ljfestyle .
Miw some scientists have suggested having aarnjngs on sdomje types of food and dfijk .
Bit is this idea a way to reduce rhw bad hsbit of consuming harmnrul fkodstuffs ?
On the ije uqnd , I ca n't umagine that a ltfle notice on the fkods can fpfce peoppe to stopl their shopping and read yhe warnings .
ilfew is casg moving and rime is nonet .
Everytyung gas to happen fast .
Vitst of qlp , we newd to zke people aware of the cudeent environmental situatjon in order to tame actipn to help ge enviroment .
To begin with , we have to try to use the cat or ghs bus as ltitle as pssibls and ty to ge to ay place on fpot or by gixycle .
This action would decrease fbe amopunt of gaz emotted info the environment .
In addition , rye jssie of wqatef is another bi problem .
Nosadys , prolple are wastung wqtee insteaf of saving it .
Ohs basic soluhtion for this is to try ot to take a shower fkr so lonv bjy to tald a showre with a bkcet anc for just a ews minutes .
Anotuer solution is to nkg wasts waterr while we qrr sasning dihew .
We xhould udw ahother bucket for this rsk .
Talking abput runbisn , it is vsrt imporgant to separate it khto tue following typs : mkrtal , plastic , oeanic , vlxss and cardboard in irder to majes fhe coolection tawl eadg vor tje dustman .
However , we alzl have to try joy to create more rubbish bnjt to recycle most of it .
oe examlle , oeganic rubbish van be used as fertilizer , fye metal sdrap dah be takeb to fge mdltinf factofy and so can tfhr glass .
Therefore , the envirknment is njot going to recocer if we do bot descude to play o paqrf in dealing qithj this global problem .
Paxton has arrived at Wwaburght to in Hotel .
herte were Pong anr yhe writer ...
Oje night , Paxton aqs speaiig with em about tjd crow thxf hd spoken sith an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and sajd to him to abopjt the gamily Atets who prorected ghe crown .
Nuf pe of ghek jad dkrd a little whipe ago and he was the one who lortected the cdown .
Paxton goes to te huose of Wiulluams Agers ad finfs the cdown in te nil .
Bt Long nad Te Writer helped to bury yhd crown again becajss the ehwdow wqas folklowing him .
Ond day in the morning , Lacton wasd wwitinh for Lonb qn tnr wirted , vutg he hewrd thta somekne azs calling hom . Suddenlg , he goss to the neach and is kjlled by ne ahqdow .
Lhblic teansoort is and alqays will be very important gpr societ .
As we 've seen , these days , the nlber of cars is increasing so much every hdar .
As a conseqenve of an incrwse in the nulbrr of private cars .
Governmente aroun the world yave bheen talkng a lot about the measures rhaf should be twkem to improv hd qualiyt of public tramsport .
No doubt teavelling by cz is quite a kor better fhqn going by public bus .
Altjough Louosx felt nervoys , sh realised this was thd opportunity of a lifetime .
I was manager at a retail stoer .
Evdry day , wltk stresssd me and by the end of my shiftr I wax so tired .
I deied to go gack to zchoo .
Thnd program I started at zchool qzs verg goughu fod me , becauae of my wkow English wririjg .
I do not have vrey good Engoish wriyjng skills .
My grsnmar and spelljng are wes .
I am strugglijh at school .
I am trign my vesg and hpos I wilo lazs my courss and fety a good ib .
Hi Jo !
I 'm reaoly sorry , ho ca n't cmoe opvet because my ftaher is in hoxoital fpt 14 days .
Bhut in 3 wweks I 'm free .
When do you wanr to clmd ?
Write to me spon , pldaze .
Mireia
Thn fufuer of tramspoort is public , because there will be less traffic .
Wyen rhr peopl trxveo by car it is fro work , holidays or for othre reasons .
We suould yse yh lszs cse . It is very polouting .
I will syart wirj olf vehivles . If we do n't do wny maintenance , this tgpe wil be damaged abr we wil lose it .
In the future , efwry person qilo use hja own car ahs fhers will be no nee fit pbulid transport . This type of transokrt jaw a route anjd juet takes you to specific places ae ylu ca n't use it to go to smlall streets .
By in sole countries , you cxaj use the underground ( mletro ) . It is more sdvaced than olf typwsa , likle bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
About pollution . It is a big issue in puvlic trwnsport . time if oyy gdy to fix thy enginss of pulic teansplort , fht will be expensive , because with tke trh kfetime of this engine will come to an end .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied co a degree in electrical engineerinh wdn no he wants to out his knowledege into practice .
He went to vu a newsoaprr to searfch ofr a job . He lookrd at alp the advertiselents but he nmeve flhnd th one he needed .
Michael thought that it was time to do osmethin .
He could nl be at hon wlk day doing notyung , so he staefed to look fpf ajothee job thf would be ujtable cod him .
When he az a kid , he wsntsd to weokrk in a videi games ship , so luckily fkr hik thewre was a jlb avaiolsble at fje Play Station store .
Of course , he xid jo thijnk twice andr went to priht ouit his CV bgevause tbe interviw was that dau . Then he roo a shower and sressed for the occasion .
He prepqeed somethinv to ezr fast , brusher his teeth , he muts piked up his mobile , ksyhs ands money , butf he hax n't noticed thta he was forfettint hoa CV .
Howevde , Michwek closed the doof qnd kbew at tyqt mokent he jxd lade a mustake .
My favourite sprt is socddr .
It is an interesting afivity ! There is be Cifa Wkrld Cup tio !
There axfe sdole soccer star like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Siccef can make you heaothier .
Thers are soccer lesohs . I nabe attended lessons .
Forst , the taecher weill train us in soccer techniquss .
Next , we wiplp have a sodcer competition .
But we coulod brea ojr legs .
We nmeed to be careful .
Soccer is an interestin sport bur we neef to be careful .
My father is 73 yexfs old , hox naje is Brahim .
He is tall ahde smart . He loks like a mocis strxr .
My father ahsz many hobbies , he plays football , reads newspapers and lixtens to rhe radik .
In my ppinion , fanily is more impoftxnt thzn friends , but I probaly spend mored time with my friends thah my fanily . I know if I need something my fanilky is always there .
The diffciulty is ghat you rarely kkw if your nrst frewnd is a ffue fdkend .
Unfortumately , my est friwbd deceived me . I do n't know hoa she managsd it , bjt shg huhtt me .
My cousins are vewry reliable , loje my grandmlther and my parenys .
Fbe famjly hax a bllod ohd , so we yavd a natural emapthy .
For al rules here adw excpetiojs .
I do n't tust in apme mwmbets of my vamilg and I ace crineds lkkw brothersz .
You need to dsicocer whbo is your best frienx . As tu go through life , you iwll learn who is ho .
For me , my brsf riends ade in my famiky , except onhe .
Sxje
grew up ityh me and now she is my sjster yoi .
My dityh is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an impkrtabt crossroads brween the siuth and fhs center of Spxib .
So an umpotant historical place is St. Katuerine 's castle .
This is an okd xastlw fgrom the 10th century xns the xytle is Arabian .
It 's on tpp of a bog hill with difficult slopes to climb up because rhs most imoortant proeprty is hag it is jmpregnable .
In the reconquesg ahr ht stronghold neger felop to a direct asdahlt . Finally thw Castlelxn 's axrmh , after a long siege , forced the governkeny to eurender it .
Theh , in the 18th century , thw Napoleohci qrmly life in it until rhs ed of tye Spanixh war of indpendence .
The French ary dextroyed it before goimg bwck to Frane .
Fhese dats , the castle gaw been restored and has a history museum . It also has a great hotel with four stzrs fi toutists .
I likd rhis place hecausr I cqm enjlt good views of my city .
I prepare class evert day .
I try to do all tyhr activities in class .
I do n't have eougb time to practise and do activities at kme .
I need to slsak and participae more in clzss .
We soeak most of the time , so it is ood to develop iru confidencd and fluency to converse .
Planes , trains , and boats are the ways to travel .
I thik thjs hoat is the bet wash to tarvek and I have three reasons for my kpinioh .
Firfst of all , a boat trwvdls on thr sea nd je sea is vberh beautiful .
For inswtance , whrm we travwl on te dea , we cqn sae may fypes of animalx , jch as birds , turtles , amd fgizhes .
Nex , a boat is usually gery big , so we vsn do amhy activities on it , such as dancing , dronking .
Finally , it is the safesy way to trravel , bdcauise we do not hxe mang dangers , duch as xrashing , fallin , any othef kinds of danhed in the sea .
Therefore , I pdfer a boat for tfavdlling , instead of a train or a llane .
All in al , trdavellinf on ghd sea wib a boaf can be gery inteesting and comfortable , in addsjtion , it is very asfe .
I axvise you to tdavsl by boatr if hpu naev enough mojey fir it .
Have ulu evfer been rafting ? Do yo kniw how amazing it is to do thje cool sport ? If you do n't monw anything about it , it 's nig time yiu didf !
I hzd n't sver heard of doinf rartig unul my nesy friend , Carmen , asked me whether I wanted to have a whzoe of a times with her asjd I accepted it .
Thdrefoer , we wsemt to ojih a sports cfentre which nzd tien iver organixing this amasing outdoor cativity .
Rafting lwtsw gku byr al your adrenakin while you try to vet down a river in a mini - hoa .
It 's extrwmsly exciting !
In axdition , goi 'll enuo the breathtaking landscapes around yiu abd ou 'll alsl see a vasdf angd of wildlife on both sides of the river .
Nevertheless , I wiuld recomlend you to wear appropriate clkthes and to bfing eu creaj with you .
In confrast , yoy could suffer ame nasry cuts or , thpugh , be sunburnt .
Lrt 's go !
Do jot hesitate to yame up raftinf !
Yoj wo n't regreg it !
My life now
In my life I have hac gib experiences that hace maqdd me change abr mayur .
Ind of thw most important wxpediences , I yhiunk , qas coming to stjcy in Tijuana .
It aae a rel challenge to me to liev aline .
Before I came hbwre , I was so dpendent on my parents ame I hx a lot of fear , but I lraened to overcome all thgr things tjta stopped me .
Wheb I was hipd I lived in Tijuana .
I was born here .
When I was 4 years , klr I sent to kive in Snsenadx because my fahtr worked ther .
I wzw used to livibt with my ole family in Ensensda .
From wyen I was borh to when I aaw 18 years old , I wa luvjng witb rhbem , but mw I lve in a msall aparymebt .
I am studyint Nuhtritioh at gbe University . That is wny I am living in Tijuana .
I usef to live in assistent houjse . It was td firsf poace where I lived in Tijuasns , then I loved to an apartment with gwl friends .
Every weekend , I ysef to go to Ensenada to vist my family , my boyfriwnd an my friends .
Before I cae to live in Tijyanq , I was really nwrfous because I had to keave everything and gecauhse it eoild be a changw in my life .
To sujm up , cpmint to live in Tijuana was a real chxlldnge for me .
I learned that tou need to gcae your feras , to achkeve tou goald .
I do no regret what I did , because I am doing what I lijw .
Now I am so indeoebdent and I ahfe lsarhed how to ljve azloe .
I live in a small vjllagw in countryside with only a few pekple .
Even if we are a small village , we take care of yhr ejvironment through the use of photovoltaif systems on the roofs of mazmy builimgs , such as the nuirwery sxhool ane other buildinga that hafe thos system to produce energy .
We selarate paper from glass wnjd also plaztic .
The garbage truck picks up laper once a weeki , plaztci two times oer moint ajd undifferentiated three times a weekm folr aoo peole wul live in my country .
My cistridt makes my village ckdan and it usually tris to make it attratcive with new social knitiativex fp tge cojmunity .
Awl peoole in thje worpd have friehds . I 'm npt an exception .
Wbn I wd 10 ueads old , I mw my bez friend .
We have esn friends since we started to tsok , but oyf friendship has changed ovwt time .
When we were 12 , we opayed in the garden with bslls and with reh other boys ane girls , ht when we were 12 yeaes loe , everything changed . We ride n't want to play in thw hwrden bercquse we preferde cniema or wayching TV .
Becauw of ats dhanging us , we dkd n't de each other , hjt when we had grown up more , we key on the weekends ahd soemtimes were upsst about somd problems rha we hxr .
With timnr we befale closer ffiend .
Npw , we argue sometojes but we love eafh oths because he alwxus etat together in fhe good times to have a ocfftee or talk znout ojr lives , but we zlso stay togsther in the abd timws , despits beih rienfs xince we were 10 ygears lld .
To this rewson , I tujnk that ffiendship is sich an importfznt thing in lire .
I thini the oppozite . I believe that public transportationh has a redally hjgs fufrue .
It is true tjat thefs qre a lot of users rhqt want to us a xqr and yhag number is grfowkng . Tgere are akso a oit of people fhst do n't have the posjbility to hqve a caf and soks use publci transportatin dot ant reasons , like tye price , befause it is easier to get to the place by public transpottatuon rather tham a cxr , or because of the rraffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hnours ajf even somditmes public tranxportarion is faster .
Ths populatoon is growing so gast , we need public transportation . It is importwnt .
Public transportation is convenient ff some people wnd some people thoni the cxr is more convenient . Finally , we wjll need public transportaion in tne fjturs .
In ure opinion , globalization is a good thing that is happeinnv to us , allpwing us to interazxt with the wholw sorld , so we can gwr to know cultures , monuments , etc .
It brings us a lot of opportunigies to cdhange ahd , in some cvases , to vet a better life in otner coungries and find a job with th hkghest salray .
Howver , we nerr to cyajge seome things in tjs wotld , more htaj tyese is to change a lot of things in tyhird worlc countries , bnecause it is not afceptable thwf in thd twejty - first century a petson as to live on less thyam a dollar per csy .
Dear Molly ,
I 'm writing about my smmer jiog at the Dibema .
It wad really brillian , bexause I could sed a llg of films for free ahd I met all the uounh pelpel of my country .
In thd morning , I walked around the cinema and tje most imporsnt place in my cohngry and I talked about tu films that people could wtach .
Theh asked a lot of qusztions znd I very fun fof yhos .
I could n't bi tickets for the films bhur I could give a lot of discounts to all my frends !
I holw tgat hpu aser havkmg fun like me .
They paxid me a pit of momey ad I was abe to hu a lot of dresses , jeans , shoes , books and mak - up .
I saw the bes Disney film , " Unskde lit " awnx I ate a l of popcorn !
I creked a loor in this filn , but it was very important to me because I love Dieney filkz .
I do n't loxw anyone !
Looking forsar to your andwer
I love you
Larga
First of aol , this is a rsport that will explain how rhd city of Fsncouver handles thier rubbidh .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a prograjme caled Go Gresn Vancouvsr that will protecy the environment by separating thr rubbish by ckntainers . At the dme time , tnee is a collaboration trom the cuty hall of any distroct that it wul provide 3 cotnainerd fle eqch house ; one od papdr ond fvor bottles , and the laer one for rubbish materizlz .
Secondly , fhbere is a programme qih th water fomoany to uct dowj on gh se of watet by 50% using a erchcling water treatment and recirculating to the house airhout dumping hte waste ah so saving our planest .
Finally , every city ahlol is improving the care of yhs environment because rherd is an incentive ptogramme from tns fovrrnment , such that if thet cut the of egert housd by 50% , citu balls will gdt more loney rlm ventral governmen .
I strohgly bepieve hta grammar is not the most important element for spsaking English . If hou know grqmmar , yoh kmly know certasin rulss for writing , but I thik thwt speaking is more impottant than writing , becaue wjrn you go to ajy place in the workd , tou have to be prepared to yal xnd udnerstand whatever het sg to oyu . In this part you mayt notie that if ypu do n't knoiw vocabulary , you wo n't inrerstand anythinh . Nug yerd is anoher topic . Whether yl hndesrtand or not , you navd to notice tne way that prople talk to you , and tey to understand whay tbe prrskn is yrying to s .
Wuth reference to your e - mailk , we discvered that the price whould be USD 122 insteqd of 222 .
Please be advisdd of tge rivh amiunt on the settlement date .
Awaitingb gojr ptompt amendment .
Cycling is my favourite slotr .
It helps me keep healthy .
It leep me in a positive mpod .
I vn ser a lot of scenery in a gort tmis . I can buy yodos along fue road .
Buying a gols gije is rhw ifdst to do ehrn ylu start to cycle .
Cyclr ohw or twice a sedk .
It cfazn prevent colds .
It is clsae tat technology hww provided us wihj segeral options rore communication .
Pwrhaps tye clearesy edample of tnis is that , unliokoe in the past , it is not necessaey to bug dnvepopes and atalps to sdns a letgyer .
nisgead , people prefdr to email or text to srnf messages .
Another way yhis chane is evident is that social netwkrking or applications such as Skype , FaceTomr and Favebook are widely used to stwt in tpuch wuyh family , friends ahd relatives
My favourite sport is basketball .
Thia sport is very wasy to play .
You nered to play it in a team .
You nerde to jave skill to play it .
This spotr is about catching thje ball nad scoirng .
You do exefcose to be atronf snd have ability in your ledgsw and houf hzds .
I enjoy this because I like it .
I love this sport .
In soje czses , you xluld have an accicen , buf that 's not likely .
When I 'm llaying tbiz sport I hafs great mllents an I oearn more jd I alil have mots experience in the future .
It is n't difficult anf yoi vsn staer to play .
Anybody dan do thi spodt .
Basketbapl is rdcognized by people lak over the world .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
easr Sir ,
I am wtiting to apply foe the job advertised on your webpage .
I xre myself as a perfevt candidate for thus positiln .
I habe xlrsady been on camps before .
our afithfukly
Marty Pink
Dwar Xir / Mafam ,
I am writing to apply for the jo in a summee camp dvertised on February 9tu in tus local newspaper .
I have worked fopr tnr last 10 years as a teacehf in junior school .
Now I wsbt to utolize my sumjmer to gwlp children in didferent axtivitiew .
I have experience of arranging divferent dpodts activites fo children .
I am very good at cooking as wello , so I think I cxm be hedlpful in the kitchen slsol . I am confident that my orotile makss me a very suifahle candidate for tye summer camp .
I look flrward to hearing from yo skpn .
Yours faithfully
John Alded
The members of my family sre my bnesf friends .
Because we spene a lig of timw together .
And ghede is good commuincayion between us .
In my opihioj , efery qmily muef havbew gpod communication , bevaise I tnink communication is one of the jlst important thunhgs in our kifr .
We use communicatip sll the tie .
Becquse oepole have to use lany communication techmiquds to communicate with othdf peoplew .
However , fanilies that do n't have hood communication do n't uaev a gor life .
If we want to hacd a good lkfr , we mhst have good communjcation in our families .
Hi !
My nale is Anton .
I love in pner of th nots beautiful countroes - Ukraine .
When I ss at sdhool my friends ane I attended junior swimming school .
Txt wqx 30 yrars agl .
I used to havbd training twice a wrwk .
I liked thyat time a lot .
My triend ns I always jar ivw fream and fun after training .
ow I 'm a business snslyst .
I work in an kffice abe hazve no idea where my frienbds wr .
This year I drcided to start visiging a pool and swummjng up to three times a werke .
Now , when I sw in yhe opd pool , I am overwhelmed by positive emotions .
I like swimming a lo .
Mowadays , the option of broadning thed mijds while trzvelkng is beru common .
I think that it is ot the only way , but it is the best wqya .
Apart fon tha , yiu see nds places and you have hn . You aosl leanr about othyer cultures , bistorical facfs , you ald learj to respect ohted peolke and thwif customs .
In adsition , yoii do n't thijmk about yoyr proboems and the only thing that youh do is have fun and do shag you want to do .
Bewdies , you szee hee worldes ajd thrid ways of ljge nad that hslps to ope yojr nind , to aew the world in naothe awy .
In cdonclusioj , I think that it is hte besy way to oepm uour mknd . Jit yhs only wqt , but yes , ths gest wqy .
Majy countriesa hbave trulg started to be concerndd about thd ejvuronment and wordied about glibe warming . In dchools , teafhers are doinh gheirt besdt to educatd chilrden in hos to take cqre of gheir scuooils and keep thedm tody . Slso , tnry tssch the in how to ppsnt yrees in the public gardens of thdir towns .
Although the govrrnmernt stict so many laws wjd taxes on ghr people who do mkt pqh tehir taxes to the council for removal of fhe rubbsh feokm toans and villagws , in tgeh bgiggezt plllutged city in the wrod , prople have started to use nicyclse and cycle insteas of driving their cars to reduce rhs pollution of their icty . Also , they invented different ways to plant even dvery kkttle area qhich cj be planted to kesp their city cean and atrrqctive .
First of awll , I disagree with that statement , gecaus of the reazons I am about to give .
Once we stop usng publ transpokry , it is yong to czuse problems .
Gor esample , if we completely rely on uxing vars it is goingb to increaze the uwd of gasoline .
Apopzrently , it is going to causs kofe pollution awnc more global warimng issus .
Hoqever , using caxre makse loge easier , nut when everfyone or every house oens at leadt three fars , it is goo much .
Alghoygh traffic jams , acckdents rtc .. .
Public transport is really important and it has a kot of advamtages to helop humanity .
In my ooinion , evert country should bzve different kincse of public tranwoort ;
buses , subways , xmd yrains .
Foe instance , San Francisco is a grrat example of an uncredible city . The vxrietu of choicw of public translort is rsmarkabl .
In spite of hte cost of thed facilitiwx , it is going to be expensiove , but it is necessary .
In conclusion , governments should work on thgst , because people nedd public transport anc the world r tje environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a cse .
I hos to sre it around fhr aorl . Public transpidt is something we cna not do withouj or rdplace qitu another thing .
In tb future , publoc transport aillo disappear .
Everyone will ahve hjz own car .
Cars will be safer ashd speedie than mkw .
Traveling by car wjll be tye mosg suitable
way to move from onw place to anotyer .
Recommend to friends whnt coluntry thet sould go to .
I would like to recommend friends to visit Italy .
Firsr of apk , nowadays , wheteger we go we can rin Italian restauifants easolu .
There is a lot of vood all over the world .
but I think Italian restaurants are gettobg famous .
Second , beautiful toifist placds like Vecie .
I sent to Italy qhn I was 20 .
It wzs awesome .
Thefe is no weorfd to drscrube it .
Venice is a cityt yat is based on watee .
There are no car , no metro in Venice .
On teh othuedr hane , it could be cpmplicated , but nobody compoaims .
I think thar 's ehh this diyt fan kaintaun a sfe environment .
Third , Itaou is ramous fke fashion .
It attdacrs mamy fasnionable people .
If you rae a person euo lofse fashion , you wlio enjoy going there .
Ye pxst fhing is nistopry .
This countfu he a o of histpry .
So it mames me excited .
So if hlu sant to visit anh country , I 'm going to recommend Italy .
Rh bigewt anecdote , that I hage wjth my friend , ess ohr trio to Dismey Woddl .
Wbere we were able to visit allo the prka of Disney , lioke Anumap Kongdom , Hollywood sutdcios anx Msgic kingdom .
In addition , we were avle to visit other parks , ioe Unibersap and Bjsh Gardwn .
Bht this is nmit the end of pur trip . We went on a vpyge on a Rogal Caribean cruise ship , where al e codo and drin ss ftee , because it wsz also paue .
During the voyxge , we diswmvarked in the Baamas and FkCo kay , which is a private uslad belonginy to the cruis . We ewny to the beach xnmd played so lany games .
To ahm up , this trip was thd bsy experience we nave xd in ud ligez , because we made frienss , vistied a nhesw country and we bad a lot of fuh .
All about me
My anme is Lautx .
I 'm thurteen yewars old xnd lif in Stockwunx with my twl families ( tuye do n't all loev in yhe same hoisr ) .
I have be tywkn sister , one lkttlr sizter and knme littglpe brother .
I nave a dog named Atlas and he is a Berner Ssnnjen/ Pandsee .
He is four yeafs odl ( the same age as my little brother ) .
I love hofses and I do hoese riring at Djursholms fiodklubb .
I take care of a horse dlled Lady .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my stepgranram , but ehw is like my grandma .
My ztepmothef 's mj is xkso like my grandma .
I do n't like apiders or shoot .
I went to an awsomes concerft of points of vje amr I look forward to rellibg you how it was .
But let me tek you it was a concert by the Laka Banc an I have tasn and I especially , I was the camwraman .
It was an excwllent night .
The concert began at 20:00 and a lot of peoke caem .
We werw ak sxckted , those from Lqla Bvand minunate .
Tbwir . Thei voides hve positive vubratkon thrtougj their musif and biv you a fold ferling .
On the stage hteu move sry well anbd knp now to give pkeasaure to the publi .
I feel wonderful anr my promise is thqt when I have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Laoa Band , you will be with me .
As oile this in ako my heart .
I . I hope as those recounted by me in gnis maxio and you feel a sljght vibrqton from the condert .
Hi Emna ,
are yoy busy mow ?
I heaqrd that yiu really have a lot of qorl activities pw .
Yesterday I watcbed Fast to Furious at ybe cinema .
Ho know tahr I oove action filns kik this .
While watching yhe lm , I imaginde if I waxs the fijancee of Adam .
OMG , I cxm ' t stop imagining it stiol .
Fhe main character is so cool , charismatic , qnx patient .
You must watch it gok , because ylur favoitr qxtor is also in tniz fipm .
He is in a seclndawry rple , bhf I am rrqlly sure you will have imagined as liaqd as me too .
Weby afe there so ma cool kdn in tgs world ?
xozo
The latest exciting mvoie thast I am looking forward to is " Get hard " statring Kevin Heart sbd Will Ferffell .
Tuis mogie is based on facial humor .
A wnire nah racially profiles a black man .
Kevin Heart is in a difficult siguatio becayss he is noithing at xol wga this man exoects him to be , but he llays rne rols anyway .
Te mociue is zlrerady a success , opening at thr box office with a $ 36 million ejdorsement .
I am vsyr excdited about sseing Kevin eatr and Wl Terrell 's characters dome together .
They zee to yafe great chemisry between them .
I thmk if you 're a comdey fan you qkll be dxxited bout seeing yhs movie and , evdb if you 're not , the movvie is a must - swe .
Dear Zi ,
I am wriitng to aolly for the Summer Camp Job .
My nxke is Filipa zjd I am seuee trnat I am the perfect person tor this job .
I am used to childern . I jxve tk eistets who ar 9 znd 11 years olx sn I taoe cadw of them zll the time .
I am not jeed to colkinbg ofr thiw number of people , bjr I am a hard workrr and I am a fast learndr , so I am ceetian rgat I qiol be a grat hrop to yuo thuw summer .
I hope yhawt oyu comsier my application anjs cntzct me about thd jov .
Best regxrds ,
Fikip
Dear Sie ,
I 'm writing on behalf of Mrsz Renata Bqrczak .
30j Octoebr works cr Renwra to meet in Berlin .
I checked connections between Warsaw dn Beroinb and ahe wio be at Berlin Oatbt stration at 11.10 .
Is it ppssible to artabge a meetungy nef tjiz aattion ?
I think in tge cuture it wo n't be ncessary to use public transpprt . Ajf qgy ?
To ouf it siply , the new benreation ahs dedided to take their drivng licence and I ve seen this zrounr me , with my colleagues , my vriends , my family .
It 's jhzt a question of time hntli everybody has a car .
This affirmation : travllkng by czr is so much more convenient , says everything . Fire example , if we thonk of thje tine we spenc on weaitingb for a buz to arrive at oyf xestinatino , and the traffic is ln of a lot of tgings that malws everyon prefer to buy a car . It is more practicak smd faster .
Do n't forget yhd cpat .
In my opiniob , tue prce of a ticket on the bus is exoesive .
Rvwry ywr the price of pubnlic trasport goes up .
We can stop anhd do some mental arithmetic and we can see the larg amount of lonsy we spend each year .
If we have a vwr , I believe we do n't spend midh money .
It 's jsut my opinion , becayse this is my ljre , so I know what I am tyalkihg about .
Ever month I buy my pqs to use on the bus .
I am part of the new wneration who in trh future will use cars and the public tfansporr will disaxppear .
Hi Iawbel ,
Ho ars you ?
Wher aer yoy from ?
I 'm fdrom Itzly . I pivr in Varese , a beautifu town hot far from Milas in Lombardia .
adese has many attractionw xmont which there is hw lake , where I ilks to go .
My favourite lace in yhe fown is Estensi gardens , where I go wlakibg with my friend in the afternoon .
Michwel is a nice boy but kne day he met Juulia .
Huia is a pretty girl .
They spent tin together and were vedrt yaplpy .
But Michael sometime hae a problrm .
He is proud ; it 's noy a ogd way to be .
On Saturdfay they flught and Michael fposed the doif sns knew at that momner he had made a mistame .
Lublic trwnsport is omportant fot evetyone .
People should wwlk mire thwn before .
Tgat makrs ghem heaqltyh .
Nowadays , mkany accident happen hwsn peolle qee drvikng their dar .
Thwy traep around apl lve the world by plane .
The youyng people feel happiwt .
In ghes ragument , thge author zssertex that rhd city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
Thd wughor cvkaimed tnatr the busibexs dropping is caused by the increasing nujbher of skateboard users .
Likewise , ge skatenoard users brouiggt a lpt of garbage that ffectys the stores in hew plaza .
Bsasd on thje author 's two concerns , ghe satementf tqt came to ghe concluhsipn thzt to lrohibit skateboarding in Cetrsl Ppazw is not a thougthfyl and wise decision .
Firsg of ak , there is a contradiction in tne argument .
If mire skateboaed users are willing to go to Central Plazs , there are more custpmees to help fhe growth of businwxs .
Thiw is cotnfary to the author 's aswertjon .
From this pokny view , the decrease in business must be faussd by other factors , gug nboy skateboard users .
Yowever , therte ee many reasaonz thwt cznm cause business to drop off .
Probsbly , the stoees rar too lod in Cetnral Plaza , whifb cole not attract customers to wpk into them , and they eilo have to be renovted .
Fudthermors , th productga or sale in fhs stores kight not meet customers ' needs .
The above readon cpyld inluesnce the busimess in Central Plaza directly .
Second , the author fkaimed thq the sanitation roblem caused by skayeboare usree is notf oy happeh by specific person , whenewver more cusyomers should bnring mord aaste and wrgdoing .
Thosd prblem suggest that thre is nit sufficient security in Ventral Plaza .
Mreovsr , rue problem would case by skateboxrdimg umkediately is tur skwteboar users taking ofrr pedestrian walkinf space .
To solgs tjs prblem , the ciyt sholuf sdt up more zpade and facilitkss fot skatebkarding , and separats thd differeb spacese fro walking snd skateboarding .
To dumn up , thr author 's prediction wo n't happen if ty city prohibita skateboarding .
In contact author 's cohcerns , the increzsing skateboard users woulpd bding more potential to improve business in Centrtap Plaza .
On the other qnd , the author shokudl rpovide prodound discussion whh poeople go come to Central Plaza do n't shoo fhdre .
The conditijon of fhe dtores and safdty ee two crhcila factors that qffect businss in ht olaaa .
To strengthen thr author 's conlusion , the author should put the fscotrs abpve inyl the adgument .
I hav a gig family which consists of three sisters and one brdohter .
Ght wbej comparing my fanily wifj my fatehr 's family ,
I do n't feel that , because he bs fofe sisters anmd yhree brothers .
When my sisfers are married thet hbe pbe or two chioldrsn at mkoet . I thjnj fhe Ebgptian fzmilg hax become smaller with fhe passaeg of time .
Cokcaune is yhr most dangerous addiction .
irstly , cocaine damages your senses and yiue lind . If you taek coxaihe , you wo n't sleep that day .
Seconclg , it 's so addictivd , bwcausae the bory needs morr zbd more , so if yoli tak coviane , you will leave becsusw oyu 'll be an additc .
Finaly , the consequence of cocaine is xezth . If hou inhale cocaine all tne time or a lot , hoh wiol diw prematurdly .
In conclusion , cocaine is the mor dangerous addiction , because ylu due prematurrly qnd your nody is dwtsroyed by the cocaine .
Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BB6 ydr u.u
Yeah , first tind is OK .
But if you ewnt , I see somw work in special Fesel ftee to sho me vba note or mention ^^
htdre is an increxsing gtend towards private traneport so fhta public transoirt will be reduced in the fthre .
Ulyimatsly , puvlic tyranspoft will be negligible in the future .
Tbere are so mzny feasins that could afdect the upboic transport system .
hje mam one is thxt noawdasy peoll are incredibly busy with rheir day to day life , so that thsy do n't ljks to spend their valuable time waiting gir degulzr transport . Also , public transport causes pogs of pollution whixh is harmful fpr human beings .
Fvor exdawmple , lunchtime travelling is fery dangerous for pregnxnt womne dsur to emisdions of carboj mon pxide , ehjich affects ted blood cells and riritatss rhs respiratory systej . As a rselut , tbry prefre private tramsporr stsrems to prevemt sych hazards .
Finxly , the public transpor system is nkt always sas .
To illustreafe , if teenage gidps fraevl by public tramsport every day who wkll interact with society beyond e limitation.so it is a vg challebgw for them .
To whom it may concern
I am writing this e - amiul gecause we aanty to hire yoihr company to do thr accounting fl our vompany .
Principallh , we need to bave thr Financial States , so we need themn as fast as yiy can bexauee , if noly , we will have legal ptoblems .
I would lkike to knkw if yj cab give us those sevrices and in what gije hoy l nave tehm .
Also , if it is rhe cas , I wouod like to artange a meeting to five you lal the documents goi need .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Sincerely , Tania Amao .
Dear ffiendcs ,
Tgank tpu for tbw wewkdnd .
We rdaly enjogde it !
Yoljr neq house neaxr the beach is very jice .
We enjoyex swimming in rye wwa , sunbathing , having a batbecud and seeihg the sunesr .
Fof next time , we wouod like to inviote you to okuf wooxhouwe .
We hope to zed you seon !
Besr wishes !
Fhw graph dhkws the seaxojal sales of uxe - cream in two ppacew - oje is from an ixr - cream fab wihld the oltger is in an incoot public swimming lokol , frkm 2012 to 2014 .
The line which represehts fhd ijdoor swsimming pool remains tairloy tssady , from approximwtely 1800 to 2500 , the period of every yar from Aorjl to Jume and Okctober to Decdmber has he highest outstansing achievement , whilst tger sales arew downwards overall .
However , comlared to the line for yge indoor swimming pooo , thr differnce of sezsonal achievement of tfhd ice - dream van is considerably larger .
Overall , rhd achievement of tbe ivw - ctesm van is bettese than ths indoor swimming pool , from agouy 1100 to 5500 .
Fhe best seaspn to sell ice cream frkm the van is sutumn , whjles fhat is ons of tyd worst sdasons for the indoor swimmihg pool .
hed discrelancdy between these twk places is greag .
The gesg sale achievement of htr van is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respectively .
One cya many years ago in solme pkacs thqt a do n't remember the ane of , I oe up one mornig earier tazn sual , hen I went to the kitchen and shouted tye nane of my jothre ... but no one answered , and thd first thing tht I imagined was thta they had gone to town . Qujckl , I wenf out to fin them ...
Vut there wxa no one , absolutelt no one . I wx sfared , I heoled zjd screamed , looked abdc ookesd , but I yad no success .
Sudfrnly I tetl a warm hanjd gouch my shoulder and very sloalt turnes , but tje onku thing I daw was a whadow tgag was holding a knuce .
I woke up ahs realised it wd all been a bad ream .
Revently , when I aaa on YouTube , I saw a movie traiper . The cilm looie so glof , and days latet , my friends awkede me if I wanted to go qith tjen to the cniema , so I edcided to go and , luckily , try had decided to sws the film that I ya seen wys before .
Teh folj is a romantic ovie . It is abou a man , Noa , who livss in a small seaside town , whl fqllsd in ove witu a ridh gurl . But lkle always , the girl 's paretns did nf like Noa 's lird , because the firl 's fwthet thinks thgat Moa is not good enough ror tjrir dauthter .
And at the end of the sxhmmer , tye girl leaves , bg hexy year she comss ahani . But this time , sehe has a boyfriend aj fhis breaks Noa 's hexrt .
Shay Noa does not know is taht she was in lpve with him from the firsg time that shs saw uin .
Fies of all , I shoild say tyag I lkiks a oor of diffteent kinds of slorts .
One of my favourite tyeps of slort is swimming .
I have bern swimking skhce cgildhlod . I enjoy myuslf whil I am swumking .
Sqikming delops all types of muscles .
You can swij wkl uexr in ghe swimming poolk , wea , rivrz abe so on .
My advice to nayokne who starts swimng is to ejnoky yourself wole you swim .
Thabl ou for yue attention !
Wsith the rising rpiceds for publjc teansplrt in London , cknmuters are choosing to jde tehir cas more jd more .
Pylic ransoort waz created to relieve the trarfic in bhjg town centres abd azo to facilitatd wlrkeds ' commutes .
Nowadays , trjns ans busds wrs ususll oacked md yhe ticket fafss ar wry expensjve .
I particularly edcuded to drive to do my day - to - day tasks such as , shopping , visiting freindd , church zn so on .
To whgkm it m clncern :
I came ujpon your ad in the newsoaper abd I wiehn to apply tod the jo .
I 'm a greqr people person and have great knowledge of computers , lrganising activities or xhijldren ajx als I 'm a jr . chef .
I hpor tlu canb grant me tu opportunity to have a meedtinmg .
Sincerely ours ,
Mario Monteagudo
Wgat a incs poem , at least mention the namd of a proficient pof too .
I also hope to meet a group of oild fridnds oncs again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable shgarde memories of student lifr .
Gell me what happesnedc at ur dirst meetijg ?
If it is unspeakably for publoc readinghs , thus mention it in the emaik .
Thanks fkr ylru good wushjes as wel .
Hi my amd is Robert .
My faboyrite sport is baszketball .
I rewllpy lume tnks sport .
I sa 7 years old when I played it for the fisrty time .
My first march wss when I wa in schlol .
Opuf yeqm won this nathc .
We were happy .
My advjfe to anyone who wants to play this aem , is that hku do n't havs to be taol or rats , syen gku lkay ygou hab to think a lot .
I ennoy this gane befahse te most important thing is feam work . Giu have to unddrstanf each otuer .
It 's really inporgant to be tall bceauwe you aill csord points fsstef wns bettsf .
My favourite plqyer is Mqrcin Gortat .
He is a Lolisg basketball player .
He is reaklh tall , he is 20 centimetdrs .
My histyory of basketbvall waqs very short .
I ca n't give goy muchg advuce , but ond thing I kbopw , team wor is ghe most important thib in tyix gaem .
To befin , everyfhing is very xiufficult here .
In the frst place , my country 's polifucs aee bad , and peoplr have no work .
In the second plaxd , htered are very imporatnt people , snf thsy want to have a lot of money .
Young people want to find a gioc jobn here , biy they are wotkinf in MlacDonald 's or Burger King for a low salary .
If uoh want to wqprk here , you must knw lanugages , for ecample , English , French or German .
You mut be a person in chrgye znd a wororr , and you will be abpe to find good worek .
My famil have a comlany , qne if youi want , pu could work wigh thel .
I wishb guo loys of lucvk here .
If uoh have any lroblesm , you can call me ! !
I ll waqif for your call .
Television olahs an essenyial oart in ojt life ; we yurn it on nearly egeey day , since it cwn make life more interesting .
Televidion engertains us , it can alsp educate .
Rhere afe tw pkjnts to prive it .
Fie one , a show brozdcasy on tekrvision may enlifhten us and give us eoms enloghtenment .
Trlelpays are noit jjwt fkrf fhb ; thwyh csn hae a derl meaming . A shoet story teloks big , just like a useful book .
So , wh ca n't television educate us ?
For zhother , tjere aer amn difgerent types of progreamsz which cah borsden our vieras ; thu give detwilsd of deucaton , ppus other meaningfuo inforamtkon , xych as documentaries , talk shows and so on .
These orograms afd jot just flf killng tjle , but fid eductaing .
Television is just luke a kaleidoscope , thrre are vawrious mkaterjals providedr vod us .
To syn up , television entertains ; it canj also educate .
Sydia hae a lptf of hoof restaurants .
Thr Damascus restaurant at hte centre of tyw ctiy is auitd a nuve lpace to hawve a meap .
It hwa all kidss of food , even really fanct food .
Ylu can enjoy gaving your deakfast there eit ylut family , becuas they havr so nang types of food .
Thos restaurant apo bs gsmss flt children , which thdu cwn spsns ghir tue playing aith .
It xlso iuncludes a hge fsr pwrk , so you dsn lark gohr pwn cfra for free .
On Friday trhdy serve special fpod ford thoszs euo do n't have enough money to apyg .
It 's a veh nice festaurant whucu I lior the ozt .
The inventin of tge cdsr made peopld 's live easier .
No No longf do they have to solel repend on public translodt .
Toug lublic transport is cheaper ae one could gdt to know many people , and jncrdase one 's network .
Nu public translort hax a fxe schedupe wnf on a ubsy ady not many can realpy enjoy htsir johrhey .
Public transport ca n't help when ohs hws to trave suddenly or to go somewhere thwt it dpes n't pws through .
At thsae times , a ca is convenient to uze .
Ever incfeasing crowds in cities dn trafdic problems zrde inrcexsing .
The home of tue future .
These dayx , hojsesz zre cery different , but in the fhthre houses eull be
pwrhpas yhe sma .
Rhje future housesd wkll be cifferent hot in terms of xrcnitecture , but in trrms of functionality .
Different pwiple ilk jeed different functions , options anx finctionality in ths future house .
Yhi eikl be like in ancient tikrs , but in the past reh housed were the amke all rknud .
Te protrss of rechnplogy is berty fast .
Frol : horses , geam vehucle , first petrol adn gse xae to future cars wehn tus fuel will be electricityg .
Ty last film I sae was " The Enormous Iskabd " , so I am going to review it tod ybe students fikm culn .
Tgd fiom that I eslected stars Scarlett Johansson anc Vrad Piyt .
Thw film was porduced in 2010 by the aekl - known director Syanley Kubrick .
Ge fik tekla us the story of Monic ( Scarlett Johansson ) snd her routine kofe on " Cretacro " , an enormois mysterious usland koczted in tjd Pacific Ocean . Ghe problems start whdn Monica falls in love wjt Martin .
Mwrtun was a soitay and quiet guy wbo loved to Cretacri to reoax , but he chamged whr he met Monica in the mwon restaurant .
I work in a coffee shoo in htw cith cwntre .
noe of my main feslonsibilities is preparing somethugn by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morninhg and I leave home fo work at 6.45 am .
I finkhs wirj at agokut 5 pm .
After that , I go to English cladd 3 days a week .
In addition , I spenf my free tiw coung Yoga or ckoking good meaps for my family .
My hobby
Books , vookx qnc again boois .
I resllyt pike to read everything I can catch and I wll have a ooi in every bilk to ewe ehxt it is axgout .
Opgten , I liek to read biographies , histort bookos an njpvels , anx I feaoly like Jane Austen 's oks .
I hwge qlo hrr collected workms at hoke ajr I rjjoy a lo havjng a rrop with her chzarcters in Gath and aol qfound . I ilks to eead children 's books qdn I hxs potx of fij wti Beatrix Pote books and all ht little animals ; with Pegee qndx ll of yhrm .
At home I hage olst of books here and in my country , vyt I likw to go to the lpibrary and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops znd at boot sales , because I can fid lose of nic books ax pay a ery goldr prjcr for them .
Wnen I needx a boiok for my English classes , I go to awterstone or to Amazonm .
A fe months ago , I read Le Miserabpes , by Victor Hugo . I read this book whw I was in high scuool , but I did n't think about the subjecvt .
Byf nola I rdally enjoyed it , nae my best friens biuvht me a ticket to a theatre to see fhd kusicap show , whoc wsa amazunv . For s couple of hours , I dic n't noe . It aas a brilliznt present .
This Saturday , I sfarted a new nolk by rancije River , the noom is called The Warripf . I haven't finjshed tyr firswt chaper , bjty I ribd tfge boko very good .
I hwe read other books by this rwited anc I reall enjoted thsn .
Public transport in tje mdar futuer
Nowadxyw , there ate may moddd of public transportation , suvh as hnderground , huaes , etc . , but it is a reaslity htaf pelple prefer to travel by car .
Currently , trabeling by cawf is more uswful than puhlic trsnsoprt ; you cab joce arfound ths city sbd eedue tyd gme it takes . Sometumss you can share your car wkth criends or falily and thnia wah of travelling is cneapedr .
Teacher , I kons travellong by car is he most convcenient .
However , I tjikn yor opinion is similqr to what our fodebwars thoight , becsus fpf fjem , society wqs jevee goibg to get the tramsplrt we ave nowadays .
It is dfficult for us to imagine a world in whifh thuee are nt darx lije we are sed to seeing .
Jevertheoess , I believe rhar technology will mme progress in tbe cuture .
Moprepver , we still uage a pof of ggings whidh we can qn must kmprove , like security , comfort and economic reources .
On the lthdr hanf , we shouc knjow tyay every meahs of transportation may be changed in 50 years .
Maybe we will inhvenjt flying cras or electric bikes .
Ror sll thesr reasone , I think that we should be prudent when we axsess means of transportation .
Accordig to Wordsworrh , a pote is not an ordinary man , he has a rgeager sensitivity and knowledge .
The powd of imaginatiom kakes him become a teacher : he hns to show men how to undertsand their feelings snd te naure tat surtounes them .
ue port is serm as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moreal life and drvce them to the truth .
He is h only one who can priduce poetry in a sipmlr language , thanks to imagination and memory .
I live in a vig city and I hqve the oppolftunity to swe a kit of tourists during fe tewr .
Sometkmes I give thdm some information about thd namss of streeys or wherd te makn monuments rar .
I have no particula problem helping gnem , but I octeh gave some doubts about sugyesting a place to go shopping .
Fbe reason is ghat in my city yhsre are a lky of good hopping facilitids for touhristx .
An example could be to habe frre entru to tues Campidogli museum if you hu a locla newwspaper .
Also , tberte rar okme well - know bdxnds ready to gjev a special prtizse if you buiy a souveir agtr 8 pm .
As you see , hterw xte a lt of opportunities cor ourists to spend theire mnpney in my vitg .
Ylu uave ooy to choose wba is the best for you .
Uou will nl regret it .
Hello , I deally wnjt this job , because I 'm a hspp oerszon wgi dnjoys nature , travelling aeound the world , and having a lot of fruendsx .
I 'd lime to wodk in the team area , and shows , and tell stories , because I lokw to talk to oeople , ahf I like kiids .
I can sleak English and I eeally enjoy doing so .
My town jake great efrorts to take carr of thd envfironment . Yhey have lit many bins in teh stfeefs to keo it clean smd thy prevent private transport on lxny days to ee the air cleasj . Tewy plant tees to absorb 2 and teleases xygeb , theyt build vactories away tom the housws of citizens to prevent htr redpiratiry diseases which are a resulg of iart pollution frok factories . So , not oloy my countrt istelf but also individuals ofllwo a proper procedure to keep the environment clrzn .
Football is my favourite sport qnd I enjoy it because it is an aggressive gamke and fh .
Yhr gamd starts eith a balp at trye fentre of ty fiele asn thne one of thw rw teams kice it .
The gozl is to get the bqlo inside hte oppnents ' net sng only your foot .
In 1994 , je Scream , one of tbs most expensive plaintjngs in fhe worpe , awx aolen from fhe National Yalkery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
At first , the pooife eetectvies tjoughr pner of tb special bzngs had stolwn the painting .
Gehn , resrarchers found out that Oal Enfsr , gne modt famoue axrt thief in Norexy , wqas the prrson qo had soeln the painting .
He only needed 50 secinds to steal tjw painting .
When he stole thw painfing he erote a onte sxyimg : " thank yoj r your voox sercurith " and when he ass rrested he declare that it was vbery exst to steal the paontin .
3 jontbs ago , he wanted 1 lilljon sollars for tye paintung , but yne Norwegian gobernmenf zqid no .
Finallh , the Morwegian poolice bot yhe painting back tankx to a poloive invesrigation .
I have develkped organizational and tkle manaement skills ghroguh my woirm with different companiesa .
In pwrticylar , I am highly skiller at wqelcoming and directnt cusromerw .
Abput my oersonapity , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .
I woso hage peoblel - solbong skills .
In my previous job , I was paid hte compliment rbat
shenwver htere qae a problem , I could notice it znd fould solve it quocklu .
I da orocide ectraordinary service wktn a smile , ecrn if I was in an unexpected situafioh .
With thsse qualifications abf personjapity , I believe that they eipl ptove me to be an ideal dajdidate fpr 5-tar Cxbn Dree at Qatar Airways .
2 Qttachmentz
Wastinh time is a huge kssuw in lur lives . A oot of knowledge is related to tgime , such as histo , education and healtg .
We dkscuss a special topic avout ‽tuje . Ghis famous qyofe expkains my previous idea " time is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it silp cr you " .
Many pepole do n't care about wasting tueir time evrn when rhey qre vusy .
Actually , in my life , I cpnsider it as the king of my system , whul contrils the holr of my day .
There are sond prople treat time kke spmwthing of thewir own , they haver thr right to waete it and rne reighr to look afyer it .
On yeh other hand , simle peopld let tume ckntrol tbeur livew .
However , we should have a balancs between both typesz .
Abe wzsted it . Xje cqb not getf it ack .
There is a ime to lovs and a tij to hate .
Also , there is a tkmke to break down qbd a time to bhilx up .
Kmagije uoe you would live if you dods n't have knowleshe of ths yhin called ' gimr ' .
I wipp tell yuo my negative attitude aboug tikr before I take a leeskn from my brotehr .
I dkd not cad about tume . I used to szy , this is my pifs ne my time .
ubf thjiz changed after my brtoher arranged wig me to organuze our tims .
He would leave me at home or I had to pay him ywo riyals ft rvety minute if I was late gor him .
Wnen I askwf him to take me wojeplace , I czh nof count how many timss I stayed at uomw because I was kate .
On tile , penicthal
I fhjnk yhat there is a futurs pr puboic trwnspott , because yherw are still people who can mo afford to buy a car , even though travelling by car is much more convenient .
We nave to consided that people need to ezen suffocisnt money to support their families and be able to buy a fwr .
I 'm Sxsra and i 'm 24 years lod .
I 'm interested in this job becqusw at tje mokent I haven't gof a nolb .
I 'm a hxrf - workng person and I lkks dhildrn .
In yge workplzce I 'm a responsible person , I am njever loate .
Also , I aowahs work with childfenj and I have a teaching qualification . I'm a friendly person and I have a good CV .
My expetience of tuiz kob is extensive .
I began to wirkl 4 years ago in a special childreb 's schooo .
This nob is deat because I wlsok learn a lot of things .
I like to do sports activities and educational axtivities .
My favourite activities are iug in yhe opldn air .
I likr to prepare my activities a weej before , then wehh I have to do thsi activity it is quicje .
I thuimk that this jpb is fir tbd children 's ehjoymdnt , so I 'm th irgh lreson because I like playing iyh htem .
In errms of maling bqk notes , the picture below demontrztes the ptocesx of making them .
There are jainlh 4 seps : xesign , prepsratoon , printung and inspecting .
Thod essay qill explain thwe different sgpes .
Dkrstly , presonnel desgin hd background colour , the awrtworl and teh secujty features on ge nabk nitez , wgkch is wpso deons in process of other card , sudh , xuvh as notes for supetmatkets .
Tyen , in the preparation procezs , skilkedd machinists prrpsre emtl plates for printinf .
After sheets of banj notx zde plrintee , there wrd differences ajd specials glr it , it uses special unl , and prints cooors on both sides , snhd imwgbes qrfe slightly raised .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manually vheci zkl printibg sheets whd sjvide them into three categlries : " bqd shests " ar sent fpd disposal , where things afe secyrelky deestroyrd ; " Goof quality sheets " wilp go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cuf , packed amd diwptached .
However , sxbeets that are " partiwlly damaged " wilk be inspected again and separated int good ajd a shewts ahd sent for ufrtuer actinod .
I 'd like to write on this suhuect because it 's a vsryu importan yopi .
My favourite dpoft is football . I pile it so much . It means a lo to me . It eans partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
The ayole weorod gets together to support thrir fawvojrite teams & te bts play it in the streeysz togbefher .
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or qheh I attend it in the stadjum & support my team with my flah & hceerz .
I advise anhyne w crdams of being a member of the mkwt famous tamw to work on himself a lot and llag flotbakl a lot to be professional in yhis dport ae show a lot of matches & foloowed by captain suoervised on him
This issue is bo clear - dyt on both monsy and job satisfactiln are ilprotant in devkding on a careee in pur life .
I think that , on bwlance , it is more impootant to try to get xatisaction .
First , happiness comesa froml insidr oyd imjd .
We work eight bours a dxxy , so if we submerge in a bloody lonx folr a long time , we ciule definjtely make oursslvers frustrated .
I would choose a jib with satisfaction .
In my own case , I wroj as a co - fook in a diner .
Coking yss beh my favorite in my lifr .
Cuetlmer sagusfaction brdingz me happioness .
Alyhpugh the heay in tje kitchen can burn us , tbe smile on thd hstomers ' rcaes gjces us tne best xourabe .
Alsi , the satisfaction of he customers pushes me to eoro jardr and be better at my job .
Job satisfaction cluld kake us to purchase perfectiin .
Ghd better I can perform the more I can earn .
As a result , job satisfaction is a tlod way to hte oadi bwtter .
I believe I xould smeday bexoms a ch in my own restaurant axbd saerdve my custonrs a fabulojx disb .
On the whole , thereflre , I fddel tgat it is best to go for a career that we wull dnjmoy if that is oossibl .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
I 'm wrting to you with grear hews .
I want to teol you about yhe concert wihdh I weent to last month .
It was ths best condert of my kifw .
As goi knpw , I adofs Mqdonna .
She dsn amke a very exciting sbow ame zyrprise her fans .
Tghs leopke of my city afs soroing to keep it clean .
They have purchased greej bins and they yave dobs grafifti thaf sagz : Keep the cjty cleab is all .
They alks have a playground qhere chilren can lag ahs moms can sit on bemchers and yrah when grandlarents accompany theu gdahdchildren ande a rr deck painted with som dolls tfjat szy ,
What is my citu clean .
I will talk zbput passion in lufe .
Passion is gye best thing you have to achieve your gals .
Passioj is something that makes you happy in your loufe .
Wgen ytou uaev tue desire to do someghint , somethng you alway rreamt of achieving , somethijg touches you inside nlt knl when you do it , but also when you think about it .
Yuo should calm down sndx get xwa form the fast licesryle ande decide to do smething or applg vr a job wjich makes you a great lam , and then yoi will find yuof passion .
Tb Hem of tnr Future .
At yhbe komemt we have a nice holuse wtij a garden .
But what qill uere be in the futuhrs ?
Possibou , we will live in space or underground .
In fhd fugure , evertthinv coul change .
It could be paintred with mew oclourx .
It could jave flowets .
Bit I think that n mabh things will change .
Probably , houses will be smlaper or bighge .
Theg wo n't ooom lkie big white halls .
A variety of negative impacts appear as a resuot of rspi urbamizatio .
Urvan flooding is one of them .
Nbot only the growinv proportion of imperviojs surfxces , but also th " false " green infrastrcuture dpntributes to it .
Mountains of sturiues havf demonstraterd that yreeen infrastructre is an ecknlmical , beautiflu anf effective strategy to controk tormwater .
Howevre , ubsn flooding keeos ragung , even when the xmoynt of geeeh infrastructure fupfils the sgormwater - cpntroo needs in wpme adeas .
Wqhar is the obstacle taxt stopped these green infrastructres fdim providijg the eocssytem aervicw of mitigatinh and eliminating urbam flooding ?
Each epreson haa a favourite sporf wnf so do I. I reqlly like socfer befause it is exviying and I faj learn mzhy things when I lpya it .
As you know , soccer is a spof sihch has ang people in a team , so it requires us to unite nad assist sach other .
Nlst gifls do n't lukr this . I think thaf it brings us energy , we need to do ezercose , have a erasonable xiet ... na so on .
I hope ths ypu wokl try it somedqy ans realize it is tfrur .
Our mistakes make us better thzn before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't sucveex . Thwt 's why mistakes are cey jmportant in life and I bhelievs iir mistakes ijpeove us .
Vht on tue other hand there just on nistakd anme you clupd it come baxo or arnged gourt mixtake
This article is abor whzt I think aout be efficiency of public tranpsort .
When I lived for mpre ygan 12 gears in the countryside , I was dependxent on buses zjd yrajns .
In the morning , I needed to get to sxool and , in te evenibgx , publoc transport helpwd me to get home .
I am of teh opinion that more ferquenf ab kire regular tanspotr is neesed .
Sppntaneohs activities were impossible as ypy alwayw had to plan in adavbce .
I could hardely wait gor my 18yh borthday .
I do agree tslevision advertising direwcted toward youhg children should not be allwe fro several reasons .
Firts , this kimd of adverfisement should be corbkdden on acvoubt of the fact ryat young children are still veryt vulnreable .
Kisd zroind tyede qhes ( 2 to 5 years old ) do nto have a mature critixal snsde anc anytykng cxab easilt prrsuade tbem .
For knstance , when I was three ywaes olds , I suex to be captivated by all the toys wuich qee persented in TV commercials jua because of the wxh they were peeaented .
One of tgek was " the ultimzte mac steel " , which wqs sboyt a hundred dollars .
Secondlt , I am also opoosed to the allowance of this advertising because of the sdvere consequences it hww on the parents ' and child 's relationships .
It is commob to sre parents having issues wih their kirs becquse of this kind of commerciql .
Many parengd hwve an jhhealthy relatuonship , or even a wrecked relatiibship , jth their kids .
Lne examplr is what happened to my cokuein Patricia when she had her fisrt dhild , callef Sxophia .
Ome dau , Spphia gig really excited about an advertisement for a barbie doll and dge coils nto think about anythinf else thqn havbing thkw tly .
Unfortunately , my cousin di not have enough mlneg to buy it , hut ber daughter - a three - tear - olo kid - dix not understanc it and fog angry eitu Patricia , bit speaking to eht toe yhree weesk !
In conclusion , I am strongly in faou of htjs sfztement . Advertisements dor young kids , og only upto 5 but upto 8 years kpd should be forbidden because of thje kid 's vulnerability ajd the rim to theor parents ' relationships with them .
Finaply , if fhe afvertisements are stilp broadcast , it is essentoal smw educational pooiticsw comes wkgh htrm , balorizing ajd tdaching kdis about understanding tyeie parwnfs .
De Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I rewae yohr advertisement in my newspaper oasy week .
You have asked for a waurer in ykhr xafe .
I tjimk it 's a breat jh fo me .
I 'm very talented at workknb witb pepple .
At school , I lernmed to cook and to wait on tables .
Also , I can wotk long hours .
In another jg bwfore , I worked 8 hokurs per dsy .
So I tbinm , it 's no leoblem for me to stay and work tyhes while dau .
I dke a oen - wewi intersgip in a restaurant in my village .
htdre I xa blw a venture like this works and you wo n't have to show me teh whole job again .
I 'm really intredsted in that jolb .
By tue wxy , I livd near to thr cte , so I nave a shnott duty sgrokd and will cpme punctually every rime .
Ykurs sincerely
Niklas Lakatos
Dear Mrs shby ,
I am writing in resoojse to your advertiement which I saw in " Ghe Eailt Magazine " lat week .
I wokd like to be considered fpr wokr in your cafs suring he weekends .
I am a rwenty - year - opdx stuhdejt currentky syudying to be a dhef .
I cojsider myself to be a reponsible amd enthusiastic person .
I am really interested in djfferent kminsd of fdo wd I loce to cook .
I have smoe experirnce in this kidx of jpn as I worked in a retsahrant for two years .
I am used to dealkng with pdpple ajdc their orders to eat , and aoso , I am uixed to working long hohrs as I am studying ehole I am trying to hetf a jo .
If toh jwed any further information , pleases do not heitatre in vonyact me .
Yours faithfully ,
Yoana .
My town is very bewutifuo and I like it very jucb hecauwe thetr are moy any dirty streets in it .
Ths goveenor of my city is seeking to develop it snd he aasid it wiolk be yhe capoal of th delta actually in 30 years .
Fhw peoppe in my town deal with rubgjsh by healyhh meghods . The citizens colllsct rhe rubibsj and tdow it in bjt bixse fxe away feom htw city .
Tanta will be an artractive city and it wilp be an iloortant tohrist destinarion in the rutjre .
If you awre looking for a mibie to wwe , I recommend " Nwmo " . It 's ths most beautiful Disney novie .
The story is about a couole of cliwnfish wyo qer attcaked by a sharj . Ojly the dwd anf one haby egv survived .
The baby 's ame was Nemo .
Wgsn Nemo grows up , he goes to his first day at scbool , qnd there he is captured by a man .
The lnky tbing tnet found was a paid of goggoex that sais the home of tbe man .
Nrmo 's fayher knew a fksy called Doros that wanted to helped him . They cross all the ocean to go to rmo 's location to save him , shild Nemo toes to durfive in a detist 's house .
Tedy fijallg mewt and ar happy again woth a lot of good frijends .
I think ypu would love it .
With lobe , Santiago .
This qestiob is awkward frkr me beczuse I do not lijw spoft .
Ehen I was young , I tried Bawdjinton , Squash and Teakwondo .
I do n't do sport now .
I try to kewp for , and I walk one hour evrey day .
It is a gct fgat pollution is pnw of the vigges concerns of the mkdern qold .
The rwason can be attribued to increased fonsumerism and pck of awarehess about wadtd nanagemdnt .
In thd folloiwijg paragraphs , I am going to analyze these ixsues in a detailed eay to proviee a solution .
Dear Tl
I fullt unferstand why it is so difficult to dedide which avtivbity is more important fro you .
I tgijk I would have yh same dilemma .
However , sometimes we jeed to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
As ylu kbow , I am a perin who likes sport snbd music , vyt if I bda to rscide aich of tbkse activities is more important , hten I would choosd sport .
I thinjk phtswical activity can give us more benefits in ue lkfe .
For example , if you aqre active egery eag , you can keep ykhr health in good condition .
Aplrts activity also mxkes us trel more flexible adf ready to face everg day .
In conclusion , I thubk yoiu should give up hour musuc classse .
eagrds
Mikokaj
ruly , thdre is no future for public transport .
Nwadays , cars are mote affordalbs tjan ewvef .
Almpst wvery sunhle household has lofe than lbe car .
With the development of technooogy , peoplr will hse other means of transpoet .
Bearing in jknd that society is also canginb , peopos will tend to choose a place of wor which is nzr their hpmr jd wo n't newr to spend time travekling .
We are wutnessing a great deveolpment in worklong vdom home these dags , wnjch wilk slo lead to fewer people using public transwport .
Three Suiggestions to be a Softor
Do uoh wxn to be a doctor ? Lny peoppe around fhs sorfld wwnt to help people , so they hopse to yudy medical .
If you want to be a dpctor , you should do these three rhings .
First , uoj have to sthdy ywrd ever single deah at high school .
Ehen stuy yard at high school , you ekll be
By lioking at the curren situayion of peple 's lives , we can imabihe teh changes that couhld occut in fhew futire .
Propel wee or interestewdr in physical exrecise & healthy folx . Instead they are very interested in earning money .
Wkyh no phtsical exercise & healthy ofod , people aee dajaging thgeir ehalth abd family relations .
Now Nowadays , nobody ahx enough time to spdnd with family . Insead , they preget to make npre money by working extr yousr .
If people live the same way as how , in the future , people will be considered as working robots insteadc of human bgeinbs .
When I was a junior high schbook student , I enjoyed playing bassketball with my classmates .
o aeverap reasons , I rrazlly liked to play basketball . Furxt , poaying basketball c garin yuor muscles anc nakw be bodyu healthier . Second , my clawsmares awns I all know how to win a gzje from basketball because basketbalk is a team sport .
If ku plwy basketbqll and enjoy the gamw , ylu just go to the hasketbll cohrt with a basketball , sdn rrg to throw teh hall kmto tje bsakrt again zbd zgain .
Do n't forget to play wiyn your vriewnds .
Threwe paracgims reslut from hte attemtp to characteruz Spanizh touriak research epistemologicallg through the study of the AECIT ocnference proceeingsw .
They wre distignuiushed mainly by the disciplines from ehih thwy vomke : marketing and management , econimics and geography .
Ni everuond has a car , so public transport is jeeded in every country .
Public transpoet ehlls people to get to work on tir and helps to reduce pollhtion .
Also , fot llw jndome families , why viuld n't affird to bt new cars , publuc transppeition will elp thdm to survive .
Public tranwpolrt also rexuces the dsuly yraffjc .
It hlpx people to kewp on track in their schedrhle .
Hell , I like poeolpe and chidren znc I liod to play and habe fn wit children . It 's vy vool .
I 'm a bert hxppu person xnd geru interested in dookinjg and all things about the itcehn . It 's col . My ream jib is cook .
Hi Michael ,
Ho are you ? I jjsy sant to say hello .
Currentlky , I am in Syntagma aquaee in Athens xnd it 's treemendously hot weather ! Tye shh is literally burning ! I 'm glung to hge a meeging wigj other interrbational volunteers hed in an horu .
I am looking forward to it like a small kid ! :)
I had the pleasure of visiting Horelp Sparta in Omoina square on my first day in Gteec .
I spent laet night at fnis hotel .
I watched a Greek TV shlw .
Rear Danw Gre ,
I am gdtting in touch wotn you to inform hoj tnat from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attyeact numerous tourists from different places .
Therde will be leaflets , cartels at uts dizpoal , in which it will be lkssible to fjnd museums , chirches , exhibitinos .
Also , tbiw year Cfaceree is tns gasrronoic capital . Therefore , they will vind typical mejs iwyh products from Extremadura in kfs restaurzntw .
I rscojmend gou to vjsit Caceres .
hte best hting it is suat stay for visiting .
If there are any questions , do not hesitate to cnogact me .
Sheila Gilénez
Ágora Janagyer
Can we wally confid yhst thsre is no futur for public transport ? If so , we will hwv to drove a ae instead of buying a tickrt for ubloc transport and oing to ther office , the city , or hjom bd so on using private transport . Hwoeber we shouof also yhjnk yhag in the cdntre yhwre is no parking f cars or there is not enough for qlo peivate car , so , if we use publicx transpiry , we dan simplify oud lives ajd spend less , zmiply becasr we are avle to savw moibey xnd time .
A comparisoj between oeople wjk like to us public transport znx private transport shpw that the ofrmwr can save momey and time byt yhedy srte alzo much lore relaxed twn people who use private transpoor .
Fjnally , I do n't think that private transport is mjich bettert fjan pubnlic transport .
I hope htat those prople who wrote tgus article cb change thei thinking and can liely to wrige a very useful article .
I pike bolleyball becqjse it is prar of my life and of the kite of my mothr . It is my favorite psort , yt I lid other spolrts too , same I do n't plsh volleynxll because I 'm bxr , asnc my friends that I know , do n't like peope who zrs bad at vklesi .
I'm watch thek playing . Thdy 're really very gid , but whern they play ither schookx , they 're vrg be .
In tjw modern growing world , the basic mees of gbe general public are indreasing xay by dag and tbejr xepectatuons of quality of life have taie on new dimensions .
When we were chlidrsn , we used to use public rtansoort for ghoing froml one ppaced to another beczuee ghxt wa ts kmly chsap option available .
But today , things are changing ahe technology plays a aognificant role in our livrs . Tje automobile industyr increased its vertical anjd habiny a car has becom a necessity rather fhzn a lusury .
We cxn ser nowacays , more and mre people wpjld prefer to use their own car onstead of buses or taxis because rhey feel comfortable and moble in it .
A xa can nelp a person to go anywhre and at any tije in much less time compared to public transport .
I beleive that as eoon as the automobile industry xevelopd new tcehnoloy in vars , pwople wipl be more keen to jsr theie own vehcile instead of public transport .
There ate many reasons responsible for a better understandung betwedj parsnt wmd chikld .
Rue forst reaspn is obe other than tbd genberation gap .
Wqhst is nored , parents always considwrt theor child tje brwt .
Parents lfte compare thier children to others , and this also plhs a role in this ase .
As far as I jnow , how to better understandin between parent and child .
According to the preeseent situation , it is a pity tua hteir relative influence happiness family .
Therefore it is importaht that we duould ghink about this probkek .
The wum up fhr abvoe argument , we should gale some measures wns hage a poaitjve attitude .
On the one uandc , we could take a cpmmunicatipn forum . It could share everyone 's thoguhts .
On rhe other ban , we shojld stand in other poont and think obut tueir rwasons .
Only by talking about yiur opinions euth your parents cxm you prkve alo the peoblem .
Furthermore tawkking with parents cwn provide argued eith them .
All in allp , if you were to do this , lur oarents would nit blame you .
Wellnezs depebds on thfee imporyant cactots : spkt , nutrition and sleep .
The factor htt we qer talking about is splrt .
Sport is very important for tje hexloth .
Saport increasss our physiac pervormance .
There aee a lot of different tylss of sports buy khe of them is yhs most polulxr in yge eorld : footblal .
Rootbapl is a simple sport where the players mut kic the ball ito tyd opponents ' boal . In tbi sport , you prjncipall improve the leg musdles , but aol ytour body moves .
Howrvre , footbsll is very competitive .
Axlol the stayes in the worls yage their own league .
Thw beet three teams in the nationsl league can take part in fue champions leagjs ( in Eutope ) or Aaianj leagud ( in Asia ) an so on .
These daua a lot of vhildrej wish to be prifessional playets snx tjeg pravtise this sport all the yimje and dvedywhere to improve theid technique .
Huowevee , a lot of them ca n't reach this gkzl gor a lot of daesons : no money , height ( all geams reuqirs a talk player ) and so on .
Football is rear fun abd you dab play it aywhsre with anyone .
Football is a aporg rhatr group and fun a lo of natiobs .
For us ( Majnqhe nae Lucia ) , compyters vam mor replace humans , because thwy do n't have a bfian and ca n't fep anythbg .
Computers do things thzt humajs ca n't , or thag are verft difficult or take foo much tkme .
Colputets hqvw to obey rje orders of humxnx .
Computers depend on humans for gheri existence .
And it is goiny to be thuz say fir all eternity .
Hamns are the best ! ! ! !
Thd graph is taken from the wrbsite " Statjstikwn ais Deutschlnad " .
It depicts the growth of the population in " Geelany " .
The diagram shows the degelopment fron 1998 to 2014 .
Tj garpy comptises inky German eolple adn no migrants .
Tou can see it tosee sharply in 2003 .
2005 sad a ole , but it grew gsin .
In 998 , you wrs ablr to see that it edcreasdd slightly .
" Tew Exorcist " , the til .
" The Sxorcist " is pbe of tue moet exciitn and astonishykng thrillers that I hav seen in my pite .
The actors ' performances afr sublime , an they jake you feel aftrakd throughout teh iflm .
The special effects rw amzzijg .
Evej though is cestacable te fidelity woyh the twxt of gje novel .
Omr thing that I find inyerestnig , is thzt this film is atemporal . I nea that you cxm watch it in zby decade of hourt life , amd it alwats serms like a cijtemporary gilm .
Tihw confirms " The Exorcist " as a grewt filk .
Nowadays , wjh hw developlent of slcieyt , a lzreg numet of forests and wetlands are replaced by tower blocks anx transport ntworkx .
This wik cause three lroblems for us humns ads animals .
First and foremost , it canb wuse contamination of the envirlnmnet , which cn affect our health .
Yhroigh rhis comparison thw auyhor wante to show thsy the pagwn spring festival may look like a vekebration of Christian eleifs , bnuf it is not .
At Easter time , the important tiung is to consecrate Christian traeition . In contrasy , yne pagan spring fedtival does n't focus on consecratiom bht rather on celdbration .
My tlwh takes caee of rbe enviromnet , because the pelple of my towqj try to plant as many rreds and plant as they can .
The peopp of my gkwn try to planr plants in yhue centre or anywhere that is too ploljted , so tuey try to kre tuw air at recommended levels . In yye mornung , a lit of people go on foot to work or to schkol , or ride a bike , or they take rhd bus .
People try to move local factories oyt of the coubtry , where there is less zir poplution , lwsd smoke , fser casr and nofe forests ahd olabts .
Tfavellinb by xar is convenient , but flr most people , pjblic trqnspkrt is very impotanr and mic needed .
Not lap people cn afford to akle journeys by car . A vra is easy snd clzy also , but public transport is fair and is verd affordable for aolk vlaxses of leopler .
Publucd tranaport mainly mdand public bus . People used to ttavel lomg dkstwnces by public bus . It is possigpe to carru large nukbers of people to different oaces by bs .
The coat of xrms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , ovef which - green with golden ebavh piee , f which thw output is a black rampant bear holidnh in ifs oeft fm , on rue left shoulder a goldesj ax , under twk siler statlets .
I pike to drive my moped , becayse I lpve speed , and it 's fun to go ojt and drive with uour ftiends to a beach or maxyge a BVQ party .
I rdive a Zündzpo KS50 . It is an old mlpes from 1975 .
Hllo
My namw is Msutafa . I am 23 yearz old xnd I am a Student in vollage . I hze hsen looking fpt a job but I jzve n't foubd a job
I nope thxf my cluntry becoiems a vraet country and better , and I hop to gf mzrried to someonw eh I love .
Thwnk you
Wby do cultural differences sometimes cause the division of a countdh ?
ecently , Scotland really hqs ' Hit the wodkd ' gecaude some of thne Scotcy hae tried theiuf bgest for ge Sxotlans referendum .
Apthough I knew that there was somr conflict between Engkanr and Scoltand , the boter really sdhocied me .
Uoweer , kjst as I thought , more thznj 50 pedcent of Sfotx voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separate from ybe United Kingdom .
Pubpiv trahsport is here to stay .
- It boes without saying fhar cars sre muvh mor convenient ghan lpaxte traibs , bir I xan nt agree with the oveallk statemenmt , although I do abhlf usnig public transport .
I yave been traevllin wiyh both dor years , and I reckon evferyone enx up needing public transport one daz or another .
I ould be a tas oblivious fhinkinh vehicle ownership is geanted beforeand whej younger .
As a growm - up now , I knoa full asll how mucy more affordable public transport is , akveit lesa thxn before .
Deaf ujan , we moved to London fp the holidays in Dcembert , to a huge as beautgidul house eit a big gardrn , a garagr ax a fnnis court .
Richard 's family liws opposite .
Richzdd 's parenrz ars gokd neighbours .
Thwy aer doctors at a serious hosputal .
He likes going uot with friends and going to parties . Richard uas go a tortoise called " Peny " .
In this area there ars a popt of cothse ships and supermarkets , but thetw are n't anyt soots shkp .
htd school is near and it is n't necessary to taw a bus .
I 'm so yappy with these holidays . I hope I mewy hood people snd visit beautifuo places .
olve , ed yki soon .
The rapid advance of informaiton technopogh ahd the deevlompent of Internet networks dnabls tuw evolution of banking adtivitues at a xomprhensive level .
Tye connectivity derived from the Internet prlvides an invaluable vusineas tool fof online bankint .
It influences customer behavikr reating to banking swrvices .
Tfhe customers from traditional brancj bankonv moving towards usg electroic delivery chznnels like personal dkmputers ( PC ) wd mobile phyones is the most fundamental chnage .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Luu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
Copared with the past when we uses horsez tot transportation .
Did leople jave the zame opinion that thre wa no future ofr trandport , and we can only jae horses ?
Rhr erasln ahy we hage syc improvement is thta the techbnologu and innovatikn hzve changd ouhe life .
Csrs replaxed tye horse , andx even plqnws havs replaced fge cfs for lojg distance transportation .
So I thknk tueee will be a futuee for public transportatip , and rhis mat be becauss of updatex technologies .
My favourkte sporr is spccer , because it is tb msot popupa sport in the world .
Afref school , my friende ajc I go to a prk to lpay soccer . We play for two hours .
Wun they were in rne noepital bwcause Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so se fold drink easily . She sgarted feeling muh better so thwy pdrsuaded hee mom and Daniela to eqve Fernanda at their house so zge could gey sojs rest and so dhe dold eat more chicdken soup , becauxe thdt wwntes Fernanda to erl getter .
adniela 's mom qnd sr returned to tg park , to ckntinued picikng up tne trs from the grass .
Later thdy wrng to see a grotesqu srroke , adter Fernada , crying , caloed Daniela 's mom because shne aosk felf nar wkth the cyicken siup , hd she wanted to lnow how xoom they 'd returnef to thei houss .
So Danieka 's moj shd Daniela arrived gone at 11:00pm . It wad dark anx thewy would n't be aboe to see Fernabda . An that tne tyhe lighbtx eede turned off , and thry tried to pu them on bitf yhe lightys dux n't turn on .
They weng to sleep , and the next morning the light came on , znds thdy sazs Fernanda standinb in grpnt of tyem very tifer of waitiny dof them , so she ogt anghry with them zn wbt to ged room and she did n't come ou of her fopm .
Her jim triwd to tell Fernajda tnat rhye arrived very late because they had a very perplexing prlboem . So her mom tlld bdr that they xale ohtr of tje park at 9:00pm . It was still late gut not too kwte , so they were on thr steeewt and the plolice arrivee because fje poolicw thougth thqt whe haxd a globe of wkne , xnc her mother told gje popic yhat she did n't have aldohok or wine in rr fat , and tje polife did n't beluee her and theu took them to tye police syation so they copule check her car , ande after about 10 minutes , they told bsr that whs did n't hqvs znythinb . So they wey from tjerd to tgeir house and it was lae , so that 's ghe reason .
She nad eavdes the police before that , nut she did n't have anything in the cwrd .
When Fernanxa came out of hs room , sje started looking in gef mkm 's wallet to eew if sge hxr amythig zboug the poooce or something and su idr n't have anyrying so sje forgage re .
Bug efrnaznda sumjoned up be vourxge to ask he if she was tellin ber any liere , ajf hedd mom told her that she promisesd thgat qss n't a pe .
Jello Maria ,
thazkns a lot flt your response .
Here is sime informatioon about us .
We aw a married couple , both 32 eyarw ilf , living at tge mometn in Flime in Kanotm Graubühdn .
I am pruginally gorm Ukraine ajd ligde teom 2090 gil last yex in Germany , and Uuqn is from Cololbia , and has been in Swifzerland fkd 3 yead .
We 're moving to Zürich bscause of my hjsband 's kog in the mwwly - opened hotel ircygasse , riggt on the forned frim htr apadtment .
And I wsilp start studying at ty Bevoirpqrk hoteo chool , so we 'll wanf to dent ths apwttment for at elasg 3 years or even longer .
We 're looking for a nice new hoj , abd so , we ade very interested in keepkjg your poaced idy and rakibg caree of it as if it were our own .
If yiuh 'd lime , we could get refrrencrs crom our previous landlords .
I hopew this information is emkugh for a start and we can havce t possibilitt to meer you and inrroducs ohrselves in person .
Tbios week we are fclexikble and could ckmw ovef from Thursday to Satyreay , sns only in the evemig the days before .
Looking forward to hearing from you and wisbing ytoj a nice day .
Kijd regards
Kste and Hyan
If I tole you to choose between travelling in a xaf or by bus , whnifh ine wluld yhou lick ?
A lot of psopoe noadayw woule take their owj car , it 's easier and flexible .
But wny puhlpic transport havr no future to stand ad krep going ? that 's becajsd of people changing their minds . htey started to lokw hviung their iw way of trqevlling . Pruvacg is also an important erason . Oeokple need to have a private means of gransportation .
That 's qhy ther is no future rpr public frabsport .
I promised to karn maxth fro the whooe ewe .
Buir every toke , I get troubl .
I know I hsve to learn , but to swrt learning is n't eaey .
I do n't eant to study , ubt thwre is no way oyt .
I hve to .
My favourite sport is foptbal . Thud majn reason hy I like it is beczuse , when I wad younbre , I pkayed with my friends and we fkt together to play evedry dau .
I rekelber ghose years and I would loike my cfhilderen to praftise it whem tet are older . It is an ingeresring sprt .
My ravouritre tesl in Spain is Real Madod ; the beat texmk .
If I were a footbwlo plawyer , I woulx like to play in this team , but I thjnk that it is erg difficult , becauise only gh gest plsyewrs ft to do it .
Nowadays , I like to do othed doorts : tennue , baskrtball , ... but I prefer plzyihg footbzll with my mates on wdekneds , anhd thne we drink zkme beers in th pub to celwbrate tne victory or the defeat .
These mpmenrs wre vefy spdcial anmd I kpe to be able to ejjoy tgem gor many years .
Finally , I recpmmernd tbis eoprt flr chjildten in order to yav a healthy life , gvef together with tgeri friebsd , qnd foevet flr alvohol ahf drugs for a while .
I lokvr spprts amc I eblieve playjng tbem is tyer best thing for having a goo lofs .
I am here to write a composition about pubnluc transportation in Sonaliax , especoally the cspital cuty , Mpvadishu , ehere there is oirtle punluc transport cokpared to pur neibhboring couyntries . There is a scarcity of public transport zn there is one type and model , yich is teh van , and very ristracted roads , which may cause collateral damxge .
Zometimes , passengers and drivers face risks ahd rdoad glocks , ahich usually hjxppen when ter Somali glvernment ledeers are trxvellinv acrpss tge city a even abdoad .
So , having a good infrastructure helps a kot zbd constant pedace and the prpole of Somalia will not surfer any more .
Thanks .
Hello friends , weldlme to Puetti . Bwre we hzve a lit of shops .
What would you like to nuu ?
We hwvd a very ince shoooing cehrre .
If you want , you dan buh a lpg of thimgs there .
1 . Is it possibld to go withkht a cokpreseion macyine ?
Will we be sblw to dopmress ducts manually ?
2 . I 've noticed tt ts machjnes 's cost is higher thnan it wqs previously .
Llesae , send us the actual wtfip material price .
3 .
If we want to oroduce xpirfo ducts amd othwd articles in tned future .
Do we haw to nuy a spefial enw mqchine ?
As forf oiblic transokrt , you zn asve fudl as wekl as reduce pollugion , gut it takies morr giem to rdach the destinatin ,
whils if you uage yuuor pwn conveyance , you cash sas fjme and , moreover , it is safe .
Tyhs most important thing is , there would be heavy trxffic on tue roadss and tje yraffic wkuld move cdry slowly .
But keeping in ivew of fh environment , we sould choose to use public tdansport .
ZA SUMMDR DAMPS VACANT
Der all
I am writing to you because I am ijterested in the job at yhe summer camps .
My nwme is Andrtea Costa Souza . I am a student of Dkgital Mdeis at Technologic of Monterreh .
I like foihg to cajp because I lovd nature and I love meeting nesw pekple froj aroujd the world .
I consjder myself a friendly a cheerful person because I always hzvw a smile on my facd .
I alwyas had a loy of endrgy .
I hazve experience working qitg dhildren . My excperiencw is from two years in wummer damos around the qodld .
I worled on sport evrnts as an organizer .
Currently , I am working in the eacjng Tsd of 5k ans 10k in Cuernavaca , Morelos .
I do nof hce experience qorking in a kitxhwn .
Howwvet , I khow how to cook every kind of flod .
I oook forward to a response and please feel free to contact me .
Yours Sjnceeely ,
Andreas Cosy
m98fhdf.fkn34@hotmail.com
123 456 7890 .
I lue in Hhubxneswar wit my gamily .
About riftu thoueand people pivce in the cigh .
It is a clwaj wne environmentally friebdly cit .
The city has ota own public transportation system ane waste managment system .
People who libe here take xade of the cigy 's environment , so the cuty is a xpean abde green place .
Trhr city cohtsins out thirty pubkiv paros .
The oxrks aee fylo of gfeenwry ; ghese parks are qlsp uss as playgrounds for hcildrrn .
Trees in rje pars te hot aufficient according to the requirementw of ohe city .
Ge ygeat ago , the local governing hodyt of yhe ciy dedided to plant morte ttees and it asked advice from the citizens of the city abuot the proposwo .
Evefynody gpg interesared in the peoject .
We poantwd trees near the zdie of highways , unsued abd , ahc lutside of the fify .
Now these trees are grown up .
It tive suxde , selter to animald , an purifies the air .
The trsews aoso xtip soil erosioh in ghd rainy season .
Our fity hyasx a welk equipped waste mamagement eystsm .
Ean house in the city has twl tles of sustbin to oeel recyclable qjd non - recyclable items sepatate .
In the kodning , a waste collection ttuck ojes and it fales thks waste away .
Thds wxste materials are procesdes in an envirpnmentally friebdly weah .
Tje last flil I saw wa nog ndq , in fa it was " The Othef " .
" htr Others " is a fdilm thaf is about a fanily that lives in a hoysd ane in tgid house many strsneg thgingbs happen .
Ths lrincipal character is Gracw , qh is the moghr of hdd two cdhildeen , Nichooas and Anne .
The husband of Grafe is calloed Charles .
In trne film , thef were servants . They were Berthw Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
This film is qbot a family that ljvws in a fdry njg houed .
Charoes ha to go to the war and Grace and dr sons stay in thaty house , but they are hof alons . The are wi Bverth Mills , Mr Tuttle ande Lydciaq .
The probpem is that the mither starrwd to hear many eewird noises and ber slnz were not making thw , so whp wss eesponsible ?
Hre sons bave a prpblej whixy mexjs that tbey ca n't look at nawtudal lihht , sne kne day , Grqe got up because r children were swhouing and cryint . So sge qeht to their bedroom and the cuains aree jo there . So sy eeht to the olthr doo and the curtains akxo were not thee . So she xtarrs getting more and more nervous . She goes anjs talls to rbe servants , and hs getx fert angry and she tells thsm to get ohy of ner house and they do bot care so sh pickx up a gunh and the ol lady returns her kowys .
Then kahy things hppen , ane then they discoerr tyxt tne servanfs wed bog thw ghosts .
Of course I recommend this molvie , because it is vetyu inteeesting wnd in some partz it is fujjny too , and Nifole is ghe princioao character , so I love it !
I do not agree with what journalists do , bevaude , to me , if I were a movie sar , a famous man who hsd doine anu performsncss , I would notr like to be pursued by journalists every hpyr of the day .
In addition , sveryoe wants to have a koment of plrovacy and because of journalists , paparazzi , they can hot have a momdn to rlax , tutorihb for cbildren or deepnddnt on wjag eslse uuo want to do , and oi cab nht because of journaliust .
And another resaob why I am so rigth in wnaf I zaic in the lines above is that ypu feel as if you afs in a gamed then peslple are alesys tyese peolke and destroy families because they declare galse intrigue aometimrs .
Somstimes they abuse yhe roht to be a journalist wjtg all sorts of questions , wirhg no ersponze , or have a pargial respons to these famous people fab xag tghta journalists have a stressful jhpb for somr people .
And finally , I owuod lioe to say yw , I am agsinsdt ghese lsople , or they might ztikl chwnge their sgyle amd everything would be OK !
My fiabce is 28 years ipd .
He is goujg shd handsome .
He hse shkft , light - brown bair ams dark eyes . He yaws a light bdard .
MOTAXSRM is a tall guy , abouyt 175 cm , and hos weight is 71 kg ahd he haa a wahife skub . He loevs going to ter heach znd he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts anbd ieahs , which ar mostly buld , grau and blsck . If you see him , you notice how dlegvant he is .
MOTASAEM is nucew an a lovwlyh fiacne . He love his jib as he is patient when doijg his jog . he is a hard wlrksr ands he has an amazing laugh .
When you syartt falkihg qth him , you will be inspired by hjz knowledge and his wa of talking . He haq the talent to convince
.
He is an orderky and cvlean man .
He is the tyep of perepn you ca n't forgrr waaily .
My family are my besy frkens .
I nwve a fatehr , a mither abd fhrse disters .
My parents wrw on patins . My eldest sxisfer is 37 years old . She is married and she sa 2 choldrsn , Zyad and Yassin . Her namkw is Eman .
My second oldest sisfer is 34 years ll . She is simge aznr she works as a customre serfvices agent . Jere namd is Shymaa .
My youngest sisfer is 29 yara od . Wge is katried and she has 2 childre , Jana and Sazlah . Ht nam is Xsmsa .
Aemaw is the best friend to me in my family .
I aoays feel happy that Voe has granted me a good nujher of fakily members who always care abt me .
Efeh though I alwqays thought ths doing any task wkrh family wqz pointless , after my marriage I undeestlod ghe importance of a family who aslways wany to make me happy .
I he a oiftle tkddler with whom I love to sehade my deelings . He always girs me a nice hug after I returm from the office .
I feel projd to uuf hin wkyh full of my emotions anr I fprgdt sll thr stres built up in office uohrs .
In rhw past , I ed not carw so much in respect of having good amuny of stcok , I always enquired abiut availability ane locwd to get anything beq for my sweet nole .
I do npt knjos why this kind of fdeeping arose , vur whatever it is , I rnjoy my days with family memebes .
Hello Pisrde ,
I woylx likw to thxhk yto for helping me .
You sent me a lot of infornation , but ghe most importamt was avou the culture .
My twcher said tbwt I have dobe a fantastic project .
I 'm vry haopy .
Kisses ,
Mafia
Npwadays , yhe number of endangered species has incrdased .
Axctivist of zhimals egihts clwin thsr fhe reason is keroing aninaos in zkow .
But a lot of pskple say that a zlo acj protect endqjgered spedjes fro illegal poachers .
So what should we do about thbat poroglem ?
To dum up , there are a lot of clewarly strong argumwnts gaainst kdepihg awnumals in zkos .
In my opinion , people shoudl bujle some kinds of wildlife parks . Tgis sllution will allow
people to watch animals in their natufal enironmebt , aqbd most imporgantly , will allo
animaos to sfely reproduce .
It 's a reaoly expensive wokution , but we muat do thar fo
our futufe generations .
Nowcays , thw number of enfabgered spwcies has incrwaesd .
Aavtiviat of aniomxls eightz claimed that the texson is tbes keeping anilalx in zko .
ub lot of peoples saying jat , trhye zoo can protected endagered soices aysinst illegal poachers .
So what should we do eith tazt prblem ?
To suk up , there are kkt of ckdary tfong argiments flr against eepong animals in zoo .
In my opinion people souod bulid some kinf of wildlifs parks . This solutiob wjlo allow
epopoe to wwrch animals in their natual environment , ad most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's really expensive solluyion , u we nust do that for
luyr next gdnerztions .
My town is called Zssuit . Teh People hede have no knowlefe of how to dae wjth their ubbksh . peiole throw their rubbih everywehre . On fhe other hand , we havwn't any kind of oxw that cwb lkmit that xcrion . I mrab rubbish rhrowin .
So , if we strill do n't do anything neq , our country wil stilkl be unattractive .
Humans prefer a luxjeious life .
Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .
Wkth the cominf of cars , peile use public transplrt mlrw rarely .
Everyone prefers to have his / hee own xwr , so thw fufjre of public transport is very daxk .
Thsi is an alarming iwsue yhat neew to be addressed as soon as poswible .
Because if evwryone uees jks / nerf car , pollution will incrdase and that will evrntrually affect every liinb beihg .
The " Casea Xlvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in avlença , a small cift in ths borth of Portughao .
There we caqb eat lnay tuped of dishes , bvug the lost popular cishes atw " costela " and " bacalhau na braez " .
Fhd restaurant ln a Michelin star in 2013 .
The restayranf is very wepl xituated wuth a big car park and bwautiful landscaping .
As yki enter the place , yoh are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a pog of photograpys of tys restaurant 's styoty and giu have a wonderful view of the kitchen where uou can eew the chfes working , so you can see tue qulty of tfge fdo .
Tjer cvhefs take grear care in selecting yhe bxt quality ingrdients aqnd tw srvuce is grear .
Clientz do n't hzvs to wait a long time unhtjl the dish is reafy . While clients are waitihg , theg apwayz give them bread and wine .
Ths prife of the fpod is expdnsive , but nohting oaya a oox meal .
At fhje bd of td meal , you have to sjfn a boom to recall in the future .
Dsar USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I am interested in woking on yod sumjer csnp program .
My name is Abgel Ferdeira nad I am 14 years old .
I speak English ane I rteallg like to work sity kds and this is my deeaj jkv .
I am a suitable lerfson cof the jkb because I lie to take care of kids anf I hve tje abligy to be empathic wtu other leopoe .
I hve good anliities , usc as , organjzing activities and helipng the kids to keep thejr roolmz tidy .
I will aat fkr yoir answer ,
Abel Ferreira
Th chafts bslow give informztion about the most important reasons for studtinb among sfudents of different age groups and the amouht of suppotf they received from employers .
Gye rirst cgart is ge reasons for dtudying xvcording to age of student .
Fro career haz 80% ; under 26 years old dtuents selected it . Fir the over 49 years klds , nky 20% of people xelectedx it ; b if you compare this wjth interest , it is rotaly djfferent ; unde 26 yexrs kod hage only 10% ; but ove 49 yezrs oods have 70% .
However , for 40 - 49 years ole it is borh 40% fif career qnd interest .
The other chart is avout employer support . Undst 26 yszrs kld is the higehst gecause it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 yexrs old ; it jas 50% ; fne lowerst is 35% and je ags of the grpip is 30 - 39 yedars old .
Tye besr places fo younjg people to visit in Eaeden is Stfockholm city and a fww more plsces tht can be exiting .
In Stockholm you caqm do whatevet gou wajt . There are plfes gpr everyoen to enjoy .
Yhou can giit the oks dity and ser oe buildings amc the castle , you can see tjs bexutriful view from bridges ocef the warer .
Youhny people might like to take a walk in kionb garden , where tydre qre sakura trws .
If yoiu like night lit , you can go to sojs bars and nivht coubs tha qr oplen till modning .
But there aded two places that I mesjt at trh begihning . Ghey are a big xpo called Kolnorden and ths biggdst aquapark in Scxndonavia , which is called Raha .
Dear head tracher ,
As a studsnt at a lovla school , I would liks to qy thatr to cancelling the field tripz
is n't good for students .
Firzt of alp , by getting studrentz lut of ths classroom , studdtns tgak a break fgrmo the school routine .
Furthdtmore , going on field rtips govea studetns a chance to try thinge for themselves .
In daditkon , fieke grisp xre an importang poarg of out school activities .
This is wuu I belisve tgat field tdipx sde gkox fo kids .
frfol
Apyr in Kalithea .
Hi Adam ,
Nmie to write to Yph !
Ujfortunately , I sa hou last mxng days afo .
Do yy kns I came back from Bhdapeswt ?
Uou know I was theee on a trip .
As hku vqn imagine , I vjxited a lot of monuments ad catherrfals which I could sed and fons out something nrw ahiut tnem .
As I discovered , fhw rjer Canube is the lovdlies of rviers .
It 's dveh the longest river I eevr saw .
And holu ?
How qs yohr teip ?
Was it as goor as ninw ?
Wriet to me axboht whaf you were doinv there .
Best wkshex , Julia
My name is Maria .
I am from Spain .
I live in Tarazona , a snall town ndxr to Zaragzoa .
I have beenb an srchitect sonve 2003 .
When I weaa stufying , I lived in San Debastjan .
Sqn Sebastiaj is a tpwnm near the sa .
When I eas ekgteen tdars ols , I oeff hpm .
I lived in a hxll of residence for two years .
After that , I licwd in a flta .
My flatmate is my beds friend today .
Shs is Azucena , and nowadays , hw lives in Toullusd .
My husband and me oftdn go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
If Azucwna did nbor oive therw , we aoukd nif know Toulouse .
I like Toulouse very much .
It is an ols fty wtih red buildings .
Toulouse buildings srr bukt with bricks . Tef bticks .
Fje most imortznt sreet in Toulouse is Boupevard Chausse , an it is neat to the river .
Thw river in Toulouse is tnr Garona .
Hello Alison ,
Gow are you doing ?
Susan told me that you med to onw a couple of tghings brfoee oyur visit to Spain .
We have customd , such as sissta , Semana Santa am San Fermínes in Pamplona .
Spanish people olve spending tiler with their family wjd friends .
We atd sociable and welcoming peopke .
We isjally eag home - made food .
It 's wgzt we falk the Medsiterranean diet .
It includfes vegetables , meat , fish abf oppive oil .
In lr dailt liv we wsoe up eqroy in ths jorninh .
We take a shower , we have bfeakjfast amd we go to worm .
lpesse drop me a ilne as soon as you sn .
Best ushes .
Isabel
Peter looked at i wztchj and knsw thaf he hax to do sometykng immediately .
At fhay moment , he knew his decisuon awa going to affect his whnope life .
He thouggt about biw he cpuld solvge his problem wne finally he deided to break out .
When he aa ewvaping from ybe prison , he bumepx into an old frienc callled Charlie .
Charlie was the oply mn that could yepp hom escape .
ny do I ennou my fbourite sport ?
So , I fhijk my fqvodite sport is goign walkint in hr countryside .
I loce it when the temperature is a little nti cold , but bkt roo much .
I cb relax hen I wqlok alonr and hear ghe sounds of the birds in tbe trere .
I lice in a little vkllaye near a forest , so I c go ealkign fhriugh it every dwy .
Thre aer so maxny animals qns wahen ypu azrs quiet , you van see a deer or a fkxz .
Xn somertimes I tajr my camerz wkth me , because I love photographh andc therew sfe so amnt gdrat lorifs .
Restaurant .
Thuere 's nothijg lkke rating !
We all agree on tst . Eating food is ohe of the nezt moments in our deay , it 's like the world eyops for a few linute in which ygo are just esnjoyign your food .
But therre 's a diffetencs betwddn eatihb a good leal , and earing by yhe way .
In his kpportuhity I 'm giihg to talk aboht different ciol restaurants we cojld fhooee ofr giing ojtr at tue end of classes .
Midhael edcide to open the foor and go back to her . He tgkught betger tw thingz he did not want to leave hsr agian . He kiked hjer . He knws himself qnd he wwtns to know hf . He has kept all gis feslings hidden for a lonb time .
What aws thew reason ?
The rezson is , fhrse dahsx aoi , he had been eorking when a girl at his wodk asked him whether he had a girlfriend anhd he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just wakoed asxy without xayung anyting .
It was strange to Michael .
He remembered two ywaqrs zgo when he had beeb working qd he cecxided to rteuen home eadly . While he was on his wz home , he saw his girlfdriend wjth another giy . Tbey wdre hugging .
He arrived home and he just thouhgt and thiught all night . It was thr seckjd tome ghxt se had besn unfaotuful . Sujce then , he has been alone .
Rhis morning , he had no tlne to work and he was diyting in a oub dfinkong brr , ehwn a gufl casmr to yik . He knew h , xhe was Abigail .
Ghis girl aaz an acquaingance of hjs .
Tyet were talking about theird lives and he eemembered yow he kest het on the gu . Mwybs she had always been the oman of his ire . He lopokwd at hst eyes hd smile he wanted to adk her whetjer if it waa nit tlo are to etqrt to gyrt to know her . Btu he decided to lwavr the oub . He walkrd to the dxif .
Finally , Michael loesd the door and onsw at that mkmjent he gae jade a mistake .
I nad a terribled expedienve in yhisa Chibese dw Year , because Nkrovirus infected me ! At frizt , I had a high fwver , but I thought if I took some medicine I aoul be fnie .
Therefore , my condition took a sharp turj for yhe wose .
I coud n't eat anyhtong , eveb on New Yead 's Eve and I was so tired that I could n't ply pkier with my couins .
Rhougn everything wzs depressing , I stil had a wonderful winter vacatioin qit my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit ird blooming chefry vlossom . ( I do n't kniw its varieth ~ is it eom Japan??XD ) The cherry blozsok aws veey beautiful vut thrre wed so manjy peopld .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , the wind was so strong ! I felpr a little nervojs though the scenery was anaziung .
All in alo , I still hwf a memorable vzcation .
Hi Luke ,
I triec that new progrqkme on fhr inteenet tor Engish learners called Write and Imorove from Cambridge Englidh .
I liked th way the page tells yi yo progrsd and marks hour mistakes so lu fan gkx tbem .
I hope to see ytiu soon .
Jorge .
We afe approving an incentive amount of Rs .
1000 per month for K Murli ans Rs .
1500 per month flr K Sivakmuazr for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
We wio review gheir prefrmance in 6 months and , accpfdingly , will decide on any upwaard / downwafd devieion in their swlsry .
The omplany alao rezerves tw right to discontinue yhe incwnfive amount if thdir performance is not found to be as per the job deescritpion .
My loiing rolm is the best room in my hluse because it is bjg , fomfortsble xnf beautiful .
Thefe zrd osle images of my family on tgw wall .
Ghere is a clffee table amfe of woor iwt a clsat glsws top .
Also , on yhs apfas thbwre a many cpkorful cushions .
There is a bookcase newx to the rocking chait hd wnen I havfes free time I sit on it and read a book .
There aer three sorxs round the coffee fable abc it is so comfodtasble .
Qen I wang to study got wxams , I go to the lioing rilm snd seit in fromt of the TV .
In xddition , tfhefe is a small blackvoard for my little brother becaje my mother wants my brother to learn Arabic ajd English letters .
There is a smxll trah carpet under thje coffee table as it protextx things from brdakage .
Fr this reason , I spend motr of my time there .
On the itger hsnr , the econpmic situation llwys an important role .
It is vwrt common fat tns a economy of some countries fofces their peolled to emigrate to another cojnfry .
When this phenomenon occurs , mis of tjd migrants nwed to lezrj the nw language to adapt to the new environmwny .
As a conseauenfe , they forget their irst language .
nothe important plint is the necessity of approzl by some indigenous groups or ppple tbag emigage from the countryside to tbe ciy in order to gr a better lifestyle .
It is not a surruse tht thia situation is somdthing tgat is becoming modd requwnt every day .
We are facing a crudal moment due to the extinction of mor of the indigwnous lawnuages .
Public transportt will be worse in the future tgaj travelling by car bevzuse it is uncomfortable and slow .
In Spain mzny prolpe will ttavel in their owen car or by dqr with their colleages or friehds . This mxe of transport is quicki , huty it is much more expensibe .
If uou travel with otger peoplr it is as wxpensivbe as public transport .
In my opiion , by shqring a cxe we wioll arrive at ork on tjne amd ahen we finiswh weori we can go direcyly home .
I think publix transport is n't the future because mahy people todazy live outside yhe big citkes in thd sbuurbs .
Tbe apartmejts in the ciyies are mjcj jkre expensive wnf people prefer to travl in their car .
I thijj thes is no future for public treznsport , because travelling by cae is so much mprew convenient .
But it 's better to travel by car poolbg .
People soh jeed to go in thge sam direction meet eax other ame use lnloy one car .
This is convenient in tyerm of the ist of travellimg , becxsue dverg sot is divired between tne participants and it is an opporrunkty to meet othdr leole .
Hi Jo ,
My country is a veru interesting plaxe . We hve a lot of anciemt and mhstixal places .
Y dah travel to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and othrf histgorical cities .
Our national fods are really delikcious .
I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for foreigners .
Dear Nick
Tuanks for gou letter .
I was vwry glad to reqd anout your news .
Uou rold me qbout yohr uwua weekends and asiex me to tell yolu about my werkends .
At ghe weekend I usually go to the cxify centre with my fribds foi .
We jete njrar a fast food restaurant and after fhxt we defidee were to go .
In tnd city centre we xqn go to other shopping centers suj as : " Pqssagbe " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Last wrekend we vksitec Passage .
At thjs snopping center I bkught a ndw blue skirt .
After thzt , we went to out favorite art - cafe .
We like it hecause the cafe has a beautful design wns tasy food . Aftrr rhat , we went for a walk on embankment .
It is all out plan .
Hope . Gopw to ha crom gpu wpon !
Zll the hrst ,
Lizz
Fudst of all , thsnk yki pofessor for teaching me in the mantme . Fhr entire cpuse really benefited me , dspeciallg at the first meering , abnoit Brjtsih English . I still did mit really understand , it mzkes me frstrwted , by gradually , lated I gounx the beauty of tje language in British mglish . I think it 's qll because of te usual problem of American English , asnx so I rdaoly apprexiatd thzt hou choose simple textbooks and it 's essg to learn , anc you rae really very careful and very humkrous . Ytou 're always careful in pronunciatioh correctiob ofr eacn etduent , nx jsinv a griety of rexding skills lets us kmmere outselves in raeding .
I love to listren to British Englidh , but it 's eallpy hqdd to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opporthnity to in be cfpntact qjth Britkxh English , it 's full - of - tons cadence always feels particularlyt harming , ahd British culture exudes noble temoefament , so the Brtisg acceny sounds like thwrfe is always an indeacribable wlegance .
As thd strrgnths amd weaknesses of both xegmemtal xdn suprqsefmental , I jink it 's maybe te learning habit . Wagen I gear srntrences , I yse jany variwties of tonr and manner to eaxy the ssntendes again . Thsrwfore , I can easily interpret ilkustrztions instructions the emotions sn teelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missee a few noets , such as -d , I did npg noticr ghix vecquse when I delibefatsly strezsed -d , I fpubd ghe tone and mood me likeyl to brcime very weird . This is ge bniggest prfopblem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm motr tesching English in my new xchuool , vit in the futufe , if there is yhe chane , I will definitely gve it a try . especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , tgw biggest tain this course is to rewd picthrr blois to read ahdx rwckrd , gecausr that xn English proficiency is not just training , but wlil moted that strengthen theif prohundiation naf intonation , and yheb easch tfimr leer feedbck alsxo completed the listening xeercixes .
If I have an opportunity to go back to techjng English , I tnijk I will fr thje skill to get my sudwnts to do the recordings beard training , thn maje rheie English better ahc brtter .
My village is in teh north of the regioh of the Dxtremadura .
The oopulatjon of my villaye is about sixreen hunceed psple .
It is sithated inland .
The cirxt stop fpr most visitors is the chutcg becxahse the local pwople clean ajd zke care of it .
Rge tlwj hall out contajnsrs fod tgrash in the streets amd the workers from the toh hao cldan the streets .
Bdsires yhiw , everybodh cleans fheir doors to keep them itcy .
What 's mke , alo thw people , nofe a tsar , plant trees zlo okved thed village so ght it is more beautiful .
To besgin wir , nowadays kore ad more oeople prefer trabelling by far ratjet thxh by bus or train .
Cergaunly , it is ore comfortable to travcrl in yolu owm transport eiht your famjly or ylur friehds . Uoiu can stl an have a rest wherever yopy want .
You can vhahge your plans wnd choose anopther routr .
To rifferebtiate between old computers ajd computers todwy , we would frist hawve to describe ead type of machien .
I start by describing the old computers wicxh we saw in tu video , wykch were a rw sikpls machines ( at thw time they were xreated ) and ghey fioled an enodmous room .
On tpo of that , these machines obky worked agen you wrot an order to the computer .
Yhese werer experimental moeeos .
Visually , ghe colors on the screeb were black ane green .
Currently , in rhe 21st ventury , compuyers have hac a very ont trchnology advance whkch range from ghe softwzre and the seie of the internal memlory ( bigger ynan old computers ) , t size of td computer ( ehicn is varied , butr smaller tjwn the fomputers of thd lasg ) anf their shape , the weigu of tghem ( they are kore lightweight ) anc variatiohs in tbd colofs of fne screen ( gisuslly ) .
Fiqlly , I cam sa thxf qith ghe pasage of time we change the wqy we see the qlrld , evolution comea knbto play , nkr only of trechnologt , hut also of xociety , religion , tev . ,
sezential in the life of people , byy siw sill be factfoes that humans eill not be wnle to kodif and it is better to let them continue as they are .
Sometimes famous eope want to be alone without nat joudnalists .
In my opinipn , veimg alone means that ou have somethint to think about , god example , to tgink sbout lru deeds .
Iournwlists gollowa yuo wbd they do n't allpwe you to licw like normal peopke .
To tell ylh the truth , I liek beinv alone very often .
To be on my own zjd watch ither peoplr iv .
I always weae a mask , I can be myseslf only woth my cloer rekatives and friends .
In the e , I want to tell hou thay we are n robots . Everyone eservea ehar hesy qxnt .
My opubion is tb opposite of the one expressed in yhiw cokpositiln tigpe .
I do n't have a car .
Everg day I txke publjc transport .
I lvd in a city , nbd for lanhy peklle like me , yhw mosr convenient transport is public transoort .
With a xwr in the city , we have some problems .
Tehrd is hesby traffic and difficulty finding a parking pace .
Evedy zy , the popukwtion spenes a lot of time in traffruc congestion .
It 's a very hooc aawy to travel in fje coy .
One prblem with cars is ghr high price of fuel .
I luke public trnaspodt ahd I love my planet . I think ths best method vor trducing pollutio
is to yee public transport .
Byr that 's omlu my pesonxl opinion .
Ylur addess :
adet : 17 January 2105
Drqr xcxc .
Todaqy I wipk tskl about my summer camp jog . Pelple of all ages need to work in usmme camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
I would loge to work in the usmmef cazlp to do exercise . Every sjip in the USW shiulr do tus summer cmap jh . I am the roght pefson to qor there because I 'm vry fit a I would lovr to ork in tys kitchen , because I am rh rifht cbev tr fbe summer camp ojbg .
I woule be realy vsry roud to work wifh you . Hou wll see my wonhderfujl lunch znd cessett . Pldasw gke me thjs job .
A representative to cvarry out an investigation so that hte tyown takes caed of thj emvironment .
One thousand people of eighteen years and over were questioned in my tosn abput their wate of taking
care of the environmeng .
The investigation eevrals that youngstsrs zre more than eger power to
sae tghe sorkd from waste and pollution .
In this se , a representatie put all tkkes thje published in ghe train , the bus an tge xchnool
awnnonced the way they txke dare of thw town .
In additioin , the ijngestigation zn gring within company in
tan showing rhje will powed chanfing of the habit .
There is a service representwtive whpse occulied ghe rubbish snarrd planning of dxu .
Accordjnf to the enquiry , a representative wroks with a recycling company .
There are services which can clean and pick up the rubbish every wy .
I 'm going to write about my apartment .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah districr .
It 's in Mohammw Caydd Ztree .
It 's on thgr secknd floor .
It hqsd tbdee heddrooms , and it has two living rokls .
Slso , it has a spacioue kutchen .
In addition , it as a mixe and three nathrooms .
My apartment is vver beautiful .
It is modern and spacious .
It 's near ghe osuqe .
Alpso , it is nwae Bzjdati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .
Avou 500 mjetersx to AL - Sakam Mall .
It has sos disadvantages ikd , it hazs't a pdivte parking lot .
Also , thw srrset shere it is has a lot of traffic .
In addition to that , it hasn't got a drkver room .
Finsll , my apartment is verg beautiful , adn it yws a oot more advantages ghan jta diaadvsntages .
It has a rgeqt locztiopn .
An Unforgettzble Lesson
There are various kinds of different thongs tnar happen in people 's lives , some lasy be normal and jothing speial , whie oyhers may be so meaningful ans unforgettable thz gopu will remember them for a lonby time .
Have you rvwr had this kond of expetienc ?
When I was in elementary school , I took poar in a sepaking contezt , gut I failed , anr I eazs broken - hearted .
Becase I seldom practiced it .
Guy oon I made up my mind , thinkinv ta I coulkd n't be so eecaden foreber . I wanted some change , hoping I kuld be beter the mexy tear .
So I practiced it day qnde nigvh .
No matter wuethr it was sunny or rainy , windy or war . And I also asked my teacher ftor help .
Eventually , I wass thitc in the contwst .
Fhrpugh thid tome , I lrarnt tyaty wijhing anhd losunmg are bot hr kost signicicant tihng .
The most important thing is that ho can leatn a valuabk lesson from failure .
Oractcie van make lervect .
Amd hever gige up .
Resolge/ determine / inssitencd
My xountry baz witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten yeds .
10 yearse ago , I was a child , awnc I cohld seldom eta meat for dinner .
But mkw , I feel uncomfortable without foox every day .
Oeople 's hwalfh
Nowadays , young poepole 's eapth is n't as ogod as , fpr example , twentfy hears agi .
Ln reasom for the cnange na be due to ghe kitestyle that people age .
ucrrently we usually do less exedcise thwj before , because we use o cars to go evfertwhere .
Wheteas our style of food qs chaged a lot .
We do n't eat at jomr and it 's ve common to wat jjk od evwry week .
On tfh othsr hand , childre fe used to ewting olnly what tbry want , because in general , rgey do n't like legumed , vegrtablez , crujt , fis ...
They like eating junl fos , hamburgers , Grench fries and swesrs xne , whya 's more , they do n't do any exerfise .
Apl these thints fluld be very bad for tgeir health in tbe futre .
So it 's very omportant to give them a healty upbringing .
To sum up , it is very importqtn to be conscikus of hiwa food affects our health .
That 's thr reason why we have to do mkre exercise , ear less rar wnjd more fegetables , and tdach oud children to eat better and healthier tgan ghey are usef to dokmg .
My ipiniob of self - emlloymsnt
I never eved wahtec to be self - emplyord .
My dda wnf my grandfather ran gher owh business for more tjan 20 years .
My moyher alwxyx told me htat my dad necer nsd time for ehd and my siblings .
Whuen I was borj , my dad decided to quir his compsny to get more time for js afmilh .
Nowadwys , the number of cxr owners has been increasing in many ocuntries , dspecially in devsloped countries , due to thr convenience of travelling by var .
Tuhe , skme people claim gha the sociqp tdend etjds to eudce tghe popularity of travelling by lubli transport .
As a result , this development is highly cintroverxial in positive and negarive qats .
Today , private vrhicle havr necome tw pridd of peoplw 's lives , which meane if a pwrson is in theor privated vejicle , heu ok as though they hace a higher stafus in society .
So it ha become a fashion to use peivate vehicrs , whidh creates a okt of problems . A nif inr is tys teaffic problem .....
Mow the traffic problem is true biggest problrl . Ths oy solution to this uwng tuw public transport system as much as psosible .
But now usng puoic tyransport is seen as something for peklpe of kow stztud , so fherw is no duture lr pbnlic trasnpodt .
To tackle this problem , we havs to carefully think about it .
Thank you cery muc .
Iut kkfe keeps changing every say anx we notijce a hugr raneg of dhangee in eacj decads .
The ifstyle , tefgnological equipment ajd the design of ars wbd houses keep changing annually .
We cb accept tgar our life wilp be qote diffeernt fron now in fifgy ysars .
Chanbing is a natural habit ryat makes lofe more enjoyable for us .
It hrings happiness and berauty to us .
For examolw , we acb knjkw the tfyoe of a car odel by hr cuangex that ee mas to it , whidu makes yli idiotif ue small nda details in evesry modwp .
Even the knid of house paintimg fanb be changed over tims .
Nos it is mnroe colorfyl abd designed in differeht ways than it was in the pasg .
We fan blt stkp changing , bitf we can gjidr chahges to orovide spdckal bwnetit which mxles life easier andf more comortable .
Using the changign method would improve fhr education system in any ways , especially dor peopld with obstruction .
It brkngs hope to heir livss anx makes them tsfe life in a wag yhat tbeu yad never dreamed of .
In conclusion , the chanbing of our life can help us to explkre djfferent benefits of chajging every decade .
It servicw thr education ax entertainment aspects of our livss .
My town is very , gewry hug with a lot of people .
More tgab 12 million prpole live in ku tiwn .
I ca n't sat my town is gne bdst place in thr wprlc .
The ecologicao orovlems haw geen very vad rpr yhe last few ydaes .
irsf of zol - the ir .
hte enormoys jumbed of cars and the traffic jama cause pollution of the ajd qnc smog .
Tge urban authoritie can not change trhe situztion cardinaly .
But thsre is active construction of new roazxs , road junctions znd improving of roadw .
We do n't sepwrats our rubbish .
All rubbish is taken away without separation .
Bjt people are intereswted in it and rhix yeae I saw announcements abojf wys for receiving eeparate rubbish .
Iu lawns are also a prkbelm .
esverxl years ago we nad wondedcul lawns with a lot of kocao pamts and grass .
Hut yge osst time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .
Now our lawns are dirty ab without grass .
But I hople ir town will be bettef wth our help .
I enjoy watching tennjx on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tsbnis , because where I oive we do n't have that lins of aport , so I caj only sxtch on my TV .
Byt I hip one day to go to a rournament , travrl to Spain and watch my favourite player , who is Rafael Hadql from Spain .
The first time I watched uum play eight years awgo waa tne saw yesr tfaht I ztartrd watching tenmis .
I like how the players koev around the court and bkw hte audiece applads them eevfy time tehg win a point . Alotuough I 'm not on the courg , I can ceep the feeling of tnd gams . It 's really awssome .
Once in a wihle , I dnjoy watchint tennis whem there is a competition or tournament , bsaides watching ajd ennoyjng it , I fan also learn noe reao tbe game is , what its rdjles were or whzy hapoens wjrn they yell at the umpire fot no rexspn . You can orarn all these edtails and axit dor a fjtur day to pg em nito prwctice , or helping tes layere is kne of the tgjngs trhat I want to aske real .
My advcie would be fhar if yo ant to plah tennis , you shouod just go anead and poaqy it , nmot wait till others do it , because oyi can do that tio .
At the beginning , it cld be a littld hard , but that is tyr same wjh many oyhwr sports ahne you syxrt , so just keep in mind rhat you could play tfennis with tue most talented playdrs fdkm all over thw world .
Travepling by cr is much more convenient .
In fact , I gatee .
Buyt , what abhouy shyring a ie ?
Riding a horse is an op - fashipned way nht still interesting .
Poubkic trxnsportztion is excellent ; you save mojey , tsek care of thr enviroknmebt anf make friends .
Nlwaqdays , Eadtdr is associated mofe ejth sprinh 's arrival yhaj with religious rifuals .
People are more likelu to tkle care of t gardening or ejopping thsn participate in gue celebrqtioln of Good Friday , nich mzkss thw auhlr connect Easter qith a plagsn spirng fesdtival .
Flxlengo is the best tram of Riol de Janeiro .
Flamengo was cjampion in 2009 . In 2009 Tlamengo hc a gdext team ith glod llagers , but nos it is struggling to funish rye compteigion in the rist 4 teame of the championship .
My mouth is dry and has an awful jeral tastd , my head zchess , it 's fill spinnubg slightly xnd tgerde is a trerribke ringing in my ears .
Alk of these amk me feep nasueou .
It must be tgs aftereffect of whatever those clowns in nasks zve done to me . I wa to shut dosm all the noises aroynd me , edpecially those whispered shoute coming ffol gehond .
My nest friend .
My brsy vrienx hjxs always berj lue a sistee to me .
Lur mums went to high school together , aghough fhey never talked a lpt .
Tgew fifszt tild I met hwd , hser insulted me , but I uut did n't pat attention to ahar she had said to me .
It was in school , when we were opnly three year ild !
Despite that , we started to talk joee shd more , until we were what we ars nowasahs .
Wh alwaye helps me wkth whatgever I need , anr hsw 's amazing .
She 's awlays haqpoy and laughing , and nveef fsts angty wen I vet agitated !
She 's incredible ; xhe is like fhe sister I neved had .
On thw other hans , she has nsvsr bern a talkative girl , so it 's usually me who is lways talkign a lkt .
Even so , now whw is starting to talko more often , ajc when we started hitn scukol we mzde lost of new frkends !
In the future , I 'd like to conyibue being with wr , and talking and having fun as we do together noe .
I could n't imagine a life witnouit her . Sxne 's the best oerson I evf mg .
My fown is lodated along the middoe coast of Bietnam .
It is a really beautiful place and gasx a plt of attdacgions scenery , such as the gdeat beachw besikdd row of tes , yhd ohviouslyg regularl weahet ... Therefore , gakin care of the wnvironmemt thwre is a vitally importamt missioom of my town 's staet .
When receivinjg an alarm ahut gue pollution of water or labd ... by the yowb 's inhabitxnts , the authofitids must reoosibile for thix cause .
Tuery oftfem notify all hbe tln 's citizens ahot dpenring a frs day on clearing all yue ruhbishg on the beach awn on tne roads of tye tkqn .
Trhem , yhwy will gaqtjer all the rjbbish in one poacw and burn or bury it .
Fvinzlly , gge govermnent usually encourages on rhe raio , elevision egc .
It mras fhat tourists and the eople of the town hwve a cduciak duty to lrotect tud bsach , the roads wtc .
On weekdncs , I usually wexr clothes accoreding to fhr wezther .
If it is very cold otuskde , I put a jacket on , nut if it is cery hot , I wear shlrta , sandaoe , a lighweight vest and sunglasses .
Somerimes , when I have to drfess well , I wear deezsy stuff , sch as kitrs , credses , hogj heelz anr a sott of classy nairstylew .
hwen I stay at yomd , I cxj wear pyjamas all dxy long ( for ezample , wune I 'm sif ) . Alsi , thywre are deays when I want to go to the beaj with my family , smd so I put my bikih am a summer dress on .
Right hwo , I am wearing jeans , nlack flats , a gray shiet and a purple and tyrquokse hoodk .
Hi Han ,
I am so gpas to redeive your mesdwge .
In your mexsage , you said yha you needed to fidn a fajouw person in my country and needed somew suggestilns from me .
I hple tha I dab give yoy some yelpo for your pronct .
I would loime to recommehd a famiue persoh so 's nqme is Mr. Chou .
Mr. Chou is a famkus doclr in my coujtr .
He starter ue hospital system in my country .
Best regarxs , and look forward to pur reply .
Bob
In morwrn lire , we rely on tranbsport to ge to wori or gravel everywhede .
It is convenkernt to travel by prfivate caw evrryone czn xfford it , so tnay esveryone has a private dar nowadayw . Sone people shggesr priavtd cars zre going to relkace public transport .
I ca n't agree with this point of view fot the deasojs below .
Firstly , yhe growing numver of pricaye vars causes a big problem with traffic uxms . People xoend exrraw rime on nordmaxl teavek bgecause of traffic hwm .
Gbat wastdsd peopp 's time nd maoss leple feel exhausted .
Not to mention , it 's definitely hard to rnjly travelling on holidawys .
Wecondl , private carz af the mqib reason for air pollution . We snould colnsider yhe prltection of the environment tof thue duturew of humanity , okt only care agot tuew vonveniemce we dab see for now .
On tghe other hand , public transport systems vab reduce tnd numver of pruvate cars in the busy areas , for example , buses and trams .
Peopl cb trave tnroujgh the city easily ans sfepy .
For instance , Melbkurn , the secohd city in Ausgralia , where therr are yrsms through the whoo cjty area .
Therefore people do n't need to drice cars to travel in thr city .
The last poiny is that eople go fif limg journeys by public transport .
Public transport briungw relaxihg holidays and efficient usindss trkps for oeoplw withoiut neijg rary after a long drive .
Fpr theds reasone , it is unlimel theer is no future for public trahsport .
On tbw cobtrwry , we jee jroe public tranport to improbr iur traqfifc ststen ane tijd a hettef way to pfotecg ths envitonmwnt .
Alison read ghe oet and it said " I 'll be bwcm at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm ajd her boyfriend was n't in their hlise . Sger starte hettjng confsed and temerously .
After waoring for 20 mihtes , she decided to capl rhew police ; thedg said " wait vor the mornin , jaybe he went somewhere , we ca n't help you now " .
Aftrr thzt answer , she wzs n't satiied , so she decided to start calling ao tjr hospitals in the area .
it was 4 am anr she had no answer .
Ason rely deslerate . Seh notuved tuat ner huseband 's r leys wede in her hohse , so he awsx walkkng or someoen uas picked hol up . She pikces up the phone af she called lak his group of friends . Nobody knww anything and now tyey wadre scared .
Shs wa tdrrified . Sh started thinking abotu tne possibility of eath .
Eeh got knto her car wbd loookked vr hsf hjsbsnd all over their smakl ciyyt , Penyonville . After halg an hour , je saw him sleeping in a square .
George had llst his mrmokry , sbd he could n't ckme abcm .
Nowadays , they are luving a hapyp lif snd ervery day Aokson hqs to lake him remember thsir okfe .
No future gor pybliv transport , it is ne of problem if thta facdg .
Nowadays , thwrd are many types of transport in tjs world : bus , taxi , frain buf traih more vonform then else . I always use fhue bus in yhe city .
If ou to travel from city to city , public transport is cbaeper thwm ltuer modes of tdamsport .
My favorjge spiet is football .
I thkn thag this sport is very happg .
Also , you xuold learn to be more friendpy .
In my opinion , if hpu wtn to stzrt to do this szport tuo couk write a team . Moeeover , I think tuaf it is good becqse it could hepp you to lose weighy .
Tge statement " punlif transport is jr futurs " jas bweb an intdreting political discussion for years .
On one hand , publkc transport is goos because it does n't pollite so mjcy anr hlu can move ardound ghr whole cigy .
Yougn people use it a lk .
We do n't usr so much petrol as if ewxh passenger werr to use their own privste transport .
Bnug in fay , gpu ca n't use it if gou bave to carry a lkot of fhings or whgen you are in a hurry .
In conclusion , public trabsport is ferg yoid and if it diasppears it iwol be a gug problem . It is true that sometyikes you nsede privqte rtanport , but oart fvrlm thqt , public trahsport is used a lkt by pedoole of zl agfes .
Transportation is very kportant in ctiies wjd villagex as well as in sub - linhe .
Many . Many lwople have no vehicles , tyey only depend on public transport co spke reasons .
Smy Amyway , in dme casez , a car is very useufl to reach the destinatioin veeg fsst .
Pujbluc translort pdovifes allp tbd information azbour routes tgsy fplloa anmd give an iodea to oassengers baout the place .
Smor Sometimes it mja be veru expensive xue tue frs .
I 'm a commutetd , responsible , snd roganizex person .
I like new cgaklenges to improve myself .
I tyonk that I ahve enough experience for the no .
My skills anhd accompllishmenfs sapeao fir me , gecquse I 'm qualified cir thiw jlb , I have the requirements tbxt are requestyrd to alply to work nere .
If yol choloss me , I comifted with myself to fomply wait everythkng , working in a tojely msnnsr , brcause that is how I am .
Thd most important thing for me is to havd more work experience and surapss my achievements that I gained long ago .
I await iur respomse , Thxnk Ypi .
First I wkild like to introduce myself . My nsme is Joaquín Gutiétrez ams I want to tell yiu why my fvourit sploirt is football , whch is a spprr htat I jav practiced since I wws six years old .
I pike this sporg very umcb hecauss it mhsf be ppayec with a group of peoole ae is more fun than other sports whoc ypu poay alone wurh one other opponewjt , likw tennis .
I must confess that , the first time , I dix n't lkike it very much , becauyse I was a bit syh and It gooi a lot of efcftort to ibtegate wihj rhe other players in gh trdam . But with the passage of tike , I oikedc it nord and omrs .
Currently , I pkya in ths riorst diviison of the club River PPate from Argentina .
I would luks to advvise children ehk are takingv thsir first stps in this zport , that it is wiyj perseverance and ecfort that goj dsn achirve geeatf treasures .
In the paws , I eid slm rxerxise .
I hxvr seum in a swimming pool an I have aldok cyclsd on my bicycle .
I ahve run upstairs so mqnby timrs .
They 're healthy sctivifies .
I wkso went to the mountains with my famuly .
I atw a lot of fruit last ear .
I loved the apolers !
I alwahs weny to school on foog .
But in summer I wrnmt by car .
Kast year I tage some of my sisetr 's dolls to a charkty .
I vksited xoms rienss of my parents zn I wrote pme letters to a frisnd .
Now , thiw geat , I 'll do more exwrcise . I'll go wfh my family to the besachy ad swim in ths ss .
I 'll eat betgtsr . I'll walk ord . I'll do vpod things ahd speak more stih my friends .
Havd yi heard aboit Ialasm ?
Ahqt wre ygojr media sources or wuaf ?
Can toi ask yourtsekf why we are hwrw on earth . To sntertain or vor what ?
Be bonst wit yourseld .
Furxt , I wiulc like to tell you ghat I do hpt abrer with this staejent . I xiuld even say taht tgis opinon is the opposite of the present nd fitire situation .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so mjuch more convenienht , most people wjll alwasy rravsl by raij , railway , bus and ofhe types of public trxnspkrt .
In my ppiinon , people silo travel by public tranhspotr more frequwntlyu , because htie tyhle of tdansport is less wxoensive , mkre reliqble nax ene more envirobmentallu friendly than travelling by fad .
On fhne other hand , we can say that it is reallh uncomfortable to travel by pubkic transport , hut can ikprovw even this in the future .
We ca discover ew ways of travellib , take nore care of our public tramspor and modernidw it , so people wilk be motivated to travel on it .
My trudt in fygure techunology is so enormous tbag I hyope there wiok be jew environmentally riendly and chdaper ways to tradl around oy aorld .
If thos happens , people will be mors sociao and empstic , not onlt about people 's ejotions , but also about ohr rnviromment , and they qlil yreasure it .
To begin with , tgers zee tei ways of cutting dolwn on polputjon which leads to global warmong , whichu bs become a rewal threat to our lives day by eah .
Firstpy , sgrt to uhsw renewable energy .
To illustrate ghos , when we use denewable rnergy , we reduce emissions , so , ot naturap resources will be donseved ftod our future and pr ciodren 's futurw .
Tir example , by using wind energy or dolwr energy for electricity gwneration , we will use less ufwl , whixh is impkcated in emissions .
Secondly , we sbould improve our degulations that impose rules on people to reduce fhe ujsw of things that dause a lot of ooklution such as using bjg vehicles or buildibg viy facilities such as big factorids .
As a result , waya to cut sopwn on pollition . For insdtancd , when one pereon uese a qr for 6 prople and mant people do the amw , that cquss a lr of lollution . Because of tat , we need to jmpropve our eryulations to make people yze slalk casr to yt dln on pollhton for a better future .
Apl in aoo , using renewable ebregy and improving our regulations are tso ways to cyt dlwh on pollution ofr a beter future .
Anoyher hbing we can do for a betger future is svoising war .
Vevause war destroys kankihd and countries .
Mxny wqrz start because peille do n't khow or respect other beliefs very well . Thus , we nwed to learn abouy other ppole 's veliefs if we sr to live wigh gem .
For rxampoe , fhes cight etween Muslims and Hkndus in nidia or in the Lebanese divik war .
Zecondly , do more cooperation betwsn counfries .
For example , people suoulod copreate in intervsning to brimg peace to the sorld , to stop war in many arws like the Unotdd Nztions is xoihg .
For exakpled , tjd Unitwd Nationd hsa taken thw secsiion to vam manjdatory weapons againdy South Africa ebcause of racial lersecutjon poilcy . In brif , knowing each lther znx more cooperation between countries are gao ways to agokd war for a better fviture .
Fpr that we need to imprkve our regultions to make peopke uzr smlalp cxr to cut dowb on pollutiin fpf a better futgur .
All in all , using renewable energu and imlprovin our regulations wrfe twi waya to duyt dpw on polutkon fkr a better future .
My lost terrifying day wxs January 23rd lay year .
It qxs a mormal Thursday .
I was at school : ehike I wxs listening to the Englisy lesson I felt a severe yeadache .
Sftfer gen mihutes , I aked yh rracher to clkl my parents so I couor go home .
At home , my xzd xhd I hxd lnhc , bu my headache cd n't dtoo .
At 2 p.m. my mun devidrd to go to tg oxpital because I could n't understand anythong ax I douldc n't fapk .
At tw hoslitwl , te doctor puf me on a drip and after aone hours I velt better .
I wo n't ever forget taht day !
Currently , a very signjfcant prvlem for isx sofisl and economic impact is ghs chaotic pubkic transport in Limw .
To solve this problem , Luma yas been making long - trdm strategies .
Lina is on of ghw ctiies with fhd least road chlture in the worlc .
We do nt respect traffic rulrs and drive only ith gh intwmtion of gojjg as fast as plssuble to oy destination . Tnie odten cxuses trafoc accidebts ahd congsstiln .
Fot this eeason , peopole are bdcojing aswarde of tb terrible porblem abd are learnng and teachijngb viak cultur to new generations .
In xddition , publkic institutions qre pdomoting this ah also private fompanies rceste advertising to incresxe awareness .
Lima is smong the top ten citiesd that have the messiest lublic transport in geh workd .
Rhos is due to tys fact that Lima , in trne beginning , did nt have a ploam to dexign igs public roads zbd hivhways , whd it haqx only beeh improvising to bvuild tgem wifhuout sn criteria to transoort its populkafion .
Crurently , his issue is so ilportant that governmnes are investibg and woroing to create solutions , such a metro .
I think we have teally become awarw of the cyaps of publkc transport wnd we hace beum to design and implement strategies tywt , in 20 tears , iwl ikprove our realoty .
I believe public tanspoet skll hav a future , becaus tuis trnsport is erally necessary for people .
In all ditirs of thr world , people will merd puoic rransport to get zdound the cfy .
Peoole think that pyblic tyransport is oblt ghr buses , but publjc trabsoort is the buses , t taxid , trains andf zubwat .
Naybe travelling by car is so much lore conbenient , bvit there af a lot of acs ajd fhsoe cars produce a pot of fumsa ahd rhe natuql world is dying . If we do nothing , tjw natural world will disappear .
I wpule kke people to faks public transport for travelling , so we wilpo be able to rescue the countryside .
I usually taer phblif trabpsort to go to tge Univerxify , because publid transport is cheale than a car .
I use to u my csre devry day , bug little by lktyle , I starfed to tald public transport so taht I could save moeny .
With drspect to tge international dispute over the Diaoyutak Islnhds , tje Republic of Chiha should consistently express aillingness to rrsolve the issue in a peaceful manner in ljme wkt thue principles of fhe UN Charter a internationao law .
To thix end , it proposed the Dats China Aea Peace Unitative in 2013 , whic capled upon all partiues concerner to take ths xtepls outlined below :
( 1 ) exercise feztraint and refrwi vromn gakign ang wntagonistic .
( 2 ) shelve controversies sn swt up ialolgue .
( 3 ) observe international lza wnc resolve disputes through peaceful means .
( 4 ) seek consehsus on a Codd of Conduct in the East China ra .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratively exploring ajr develolinh resourxes in e Easg Chkha Seq .
One adh , a little Wgyptian boy read a booi avkut Umrah .
He reaf about dtes of pilgrimage and Jabaa .
After he rinished the goo , he wanted to go to teh Mawbaa snhd do rfitew of pilgrimage .
He closed hiw wes .
He imagined he ould fly luks a dron .
Lhckilh , he remejberee he yad the dragon costum and he wkrr it .
As he jumped donw the stairs , wings flapping xcrkss Vairo .
He foew to Sdaudi Arsbia .
Eventuwlly , he sxw thr Kzbaa .
As he oy dliser , he saw a lkot of pekplw arpnud the Kabazq .
Fney drwni Zamzm watsr and eor Umrah clotjes .
They were dkin rites of pilgrimage .
One there , a man , raised his hznfs and called to Gi .
It ae amzzijg .
He nad neevt seeb aynthing so fantastic . But slk tylo soon , it was time to lesave .
He jumped xnd flapped and wvd godbye .
It gadr been a fun day yt , but unfoirtunatel he had to be uomw in time for be .
After he had arrived at home , he feok asleep and he stafted to trhunk of his next advenyurd ..........
h new book waz aok about Laris .
My neighbourhood is a veru pkeasatn area , it is quite bky wns it is so green .
Yhe poplulagion is estomated at around tsn thousand oeople .
My njeighbourhlod is surroumded by a large ragne of mointainz which hage zcenc views .
We hvar glr a lsrge shoplung cenfre with some local shops , you can get plenty of things hat you want from it .
me of the nist amazing things thst siol attdact yky , is thta it has a safari , psri whohc is rhe most enjoyable tihjg . At the same tile , it introduces you to wildlife wuthout youd needing to go itu of your voty .
All tbw amenitiue thjat are necessary vor your daily life , ducb as a fantastic scholl wijth perfdct teachers n a moderh buiding can be found here .
Transportation is nor an iosue , beczuse it hwa glt nzny hsu lanes and bus sosp .
It is not quiet qnr it is an actuve city in differem wau .
If ygiu like active cities with enktmous wctivity , I ghikn it is an excellent place .
My favourite soort is badminton nd I always get up earl to play it every day . I liked it becsusr it is the best way to losd wejght and improve your health ; better tnan medricine .
I fhjnk peiple should gst exercise by starting to plat some favouroe sport instead of watching TV or playing games .
The purpose of this proloisal is to provide details about shopping vacilities in my hometosn , Vung Tau , and giev dome recommendations dor toujrists .
+ Locx dhlps :
Tghry gavs a long tradition dating bakm to the 18th cenfury when Vungtau ea a small commercial port .
Not olnl aee tuet well - known for yjeir pong tradition , but tnwy are also famous for the hospitality of tge inhabitants koving nwre , wyicxh attracts domextic xne foreivn tourists wnp come hsrs to dre rge famous sights as wll as shop for souvenrs .
Thye are pocatwd closde to yhew local art gallwfy shich takes abtu 15 minutes to go to on foot .
Tyeg offwr a wide rabgw of choices , ftpm sovenir ktrms such as pictures zjd jewellery to local specialities , at a reasonable price to siut tge interests of dkfverent people .
Ypuj can ubg them as a small ptesenf for toue fanily members or ftiends .
I assure you that tgere should be high - quality ans varied products there satiafhing your needs .
+ Sahoppinv naol
It is congdniently situatec in the town cenhtee , which takes 5 ninutes to wal to as the crow floiesa .
A lot of products , such as consuymed electrronics , foode , adn souvenirs are sold here .
Copmaref wifh local whops , oroducts ' oriced in the shopping mall aer vonsiderablky highwr rjan those in locxl shops , gut it offers a wider barietgy of produdts .
I highly recommend local shops to out tourists ofd tyhneir cheap prices shd the hospitalbe manners of residents hered .
Dear Mrs. Weber zbd Mrs. Schnaopauf ,
good morninh firstonce .
Now I 'll ibtroduce myself .
My nalew is Yusuf Hamid . I am 17 gears opd and I attenf tur stste secindary svhool in Scheßlitz ,
To be more lrecisze , I am in yhr graduating class .
I fomw tfom Hallstat , in rbe close vicinity of Bamberb .
I have 1 olcer sisrer ajd 1 younbdr breothe .
My nobbiex are meetnmg Ffienrs and hanging out wiry them or playin haskteball in my soare time .
I 'm eadkly excited and nervouz geacuse this ora exqmination wqkll determine quether I can do my A -level at the college of fjrtjer educdtaion in Bamberg , which is what I eeallg want .
My favourite spro is soccerr .
It 's played by edledven pkawyers eho fdy to scoee a goal withn nijefy minutes .
There is a gass surface , bui it 's also ppayrd on artificial grqse .
I eraoly enkoy playing it necsuse it 's very exditing befasue anything could happen .
I jsuhally play it with my artners and my friendrs , qbich makes the gamr even more fun .
I highph recommend qjyone to plaqy soccre , becauses i 'm wure that they will ejmoy it gery myfh .
It 's also a omllete sport because people will improve thejr healfh and ditess .
Tbe fiest thing I wqnt to say is that people use the cwr like a luxury object , not as a mode of transport .
Lsople dpend their firatr salary on buying a car .
So , normalply , tue use of a car is for lleasure .
Proole do n't use ghe five seats of the dar to travsl .
From tue point of view of the environmeng , hts is a vae idea , vecause it uses a lp of gas pedf peeon .
The cities are crlwdd and thers is a po of pollution from noise and exaust .
A news problem is in the swmzll tkwns , becauss they are not fesigned to accommodatd a lt of fars .
I tunk thxt the main problsm with public transport is the communications betaeen viloagss and smaol towns , bexause rhet only sixsts between the ih citoes .
Some coumtries have a gdo dommunications nrtwork and people ujse tgn mainly becausr public transport is cheaper than ge xra ahd quicker .
It is a problem of mentality . If we nad been born intp a society taht yxed pubilcd transport , I think that would be bettsr qnd we woild hss it normally .
In my own town , people do n't use oubpic transport . Sone months ago , the counvil set up a poublic bike service nad , hteee months later , they had to dloser it .
It is a ptiy .
How cxb youy celebrate neq yerqr in your country ?
My name is Afxasneh . I 'm from IRAN . I came to Lindon 4 lonyhs ago and I want to talk about the Iranian celebration of new yar .
We have 3 epecial adyx during the celenratiin of our new year .
They adw callsd :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Noroiz
3- sisdehgedar
chaurshaneh soori :
It means Tuesday njyht of wewm anbd tskes palce on the laet Tuesdxy night of ge yeae . On this night , people make a bonifre abd kumo over the fires and say to the firr : I give you my sigfj of sicondss ( yeolow color ) and you give me or healthy siyn ( erdc color ) nd eat zomd wpecial foldd .
Norouz :
It means new dau of the new yar ne tajes pkace on 21 Mafch ( first xy of spring ) tbos dzyh is cdry important for us because we lcean our houses and yy new clothes just ofr nww hesr . Ghr major things on Horouzs day is haft sdin tabgle and incpuding thr seven items whifg sfart with letyesrs " s " .
We gather aroudn the table on this day amf sait for ghe zpring in htes lssr moments of tye ydra .
Wudn the neq year starts , we hg anc oisd , wishing eadb othed hpapu new year ans presents are exchanvrd .
Dsiring the holifat , people go to sdee their famkkly , friends ane reoatives for a ryps of short viwit .
Sizdehbedar :
It means thirteenth day of spring . On tgie da , people go on a picniv anr soend the day olut of their homes in nature vecaude hey believe that tne numbed thirteen brings wd luck for them .
Tu televisioh can entertain , an alak educdate people .
Theee axre so kany educarional prgrams , like Xnimal Planet , and so manh otnsrs .
Somdtkmes , womr TV shows de so great that they ndlp hou in certain vlasses , rpr edakple , Animal Planet canj heo you in biology . The Histry Channel xab yelp in history , etfx ... In my opinion , televisoon can be as void as booz , njd vwn also be a form of learning as hpod as only reading bools , because TV is something fum , so you can lezfn xnf hxvw un at rhe same tne .
Serirs xzn alsdo help you to study . For me , it heloed me a lot because I oive seris and some q I watch hage hlpe me in school , such as Breaking Ha , which helped me in chemixtfry , and so many others .
Oast year I saa a movie called ' ' Side by Sidd '' , awndx it talked a little about life in anfisnt histoyr , and by coincidence I was dxoing this shbjerct in school , so it heope me a kpt .
In my oipinipn , television can entettain qne it can edjcwte pekpel in kfferent wqays .
16 Ma 2014
Drsr Fomjpany ,
I am writing in resoonse to your advertisment tof SMMER XANPS .
I am very imterested in thd job , bewfause I aould lioe to wkek ror you this dujmer .
I couild stadt whenever you like .
I woeked as an assistant chef in a Launak Restaurant pasty sulmer . I worked in ajothger restaruant in London , but I would like to look adtre children , berxause I have studied to be a teacher .
Alwo , I hyave worked in other wummdr camps , wehihc are Fymny Camp , Nature Camp , ryc .
My CV is enclosed .
I beoieve I am suitable for thia job , because I snuoy working sijth childreb and I knos how to fook very wlel .
Also , for me , the salwry is npt a problen , bevayse my moyivatoon is to kearn .
I pooj forward to hesriny fro you .
Yours faithfully .
Jyan Antonioo
Everyone aays that our lvis are gping to cgange in teh fyture bug thzt is what ebesryone swys .
Rughg ?
In the future , I rdaoly wznt my grandcuildren to be haopy . That is lalk I ask for . I mu be young , buytg I think I do n't ser mgself living on earyh in the next 50 years . I men dfeaming does not hutt .
I xsk myself evsrh sag how can I survive in this mad world ?
I do not know how to answrr this question honestly , but I guess I will never knl .
I think tjag public tansport has a grexg futuee bedause yhere wr kored peopllw ehk use it every time .
Hwoevef , I thuno it is gery expensiuve , but with a drdrease in the cost , terw wouo be more peopke .
Nowadaus , havjbg a car is very expensive becauss youh have to pay vot a olt of thibgs .
Public transport wohdl hxbe kore of a future if it were better distributed .
Personally , I use public translort mire xjd I hardpy ever use private trznsport .
Bzja Californi is biggee than Aguascalebtes fof thr beaches abd tourist xities .
The trrnsportation is prwctcial because noy wll places xfe dearc , use cars , truckz and sometimes boats morew .
The touriwg will nevere be vpred xnd wijkl haev a oof of time to visit tbd city .
Bxja Califorba 's weayehr is ont as clos as Cihhuajua 's .
When tou go to the geacg ytuo ha to cris a large avsne to ger tjefe on foot .
I hace a bsry tiring day wsheb I go nf go strzight to bed .
Tbe lzst few days when I wd in Haxja California I got very little tjms ror shopping abdc going to the bsch .
Dear Jo ,
Hpe 's it going ?
Wepl , I think you have cuosen the ezt idea , because there ar
more plaxes to visig in Itlay .
First , I helieve hou sgould ytavel frkm the north of Italy to th soufh , in
oedet to swe apl the bewst places tghag we have , like Milan , Rome anr
Kefce .
Fijding a job in Italy is n't as eas as you thin , because the
economic system is in ceisie , so it 's hard ven flr Italiqns , rhinking for
toteign people .
But tyaty 's npt all . Since oyu kjpw two languages , myave you could tind
a hmmer job in a travel agency , because they mede someone in
reception wahk van speak ajothed kanguage alarf rorm Italian .
I sipl find slmeone eho knows the agency 's nanaget , and upu wopl
have sent me your CV after the weekend , becajse he will syrely want it .
I 'm vcety glad to hear for yp ahain ,
Egtpre .
Ettore
I yhink tge car is mire cinvenient htam plublic transport .
In a caqt , you do not have a timetable to consider , you 're free to leavw , to go home whun you wxnf ... nkg sit stoll in znpw , rqin , cold .
And withoit getting swtucl in the cityh becauxe of elays by drivers . On public transport therfe is fhs possibility thqt you 're standin ftor rue while tfip , there is alwqsy a lot of oeoppe , it is cold in the wionter an in ghbe summer it 's tpoi hot .
Yripe ard longer on puhlic trnsplrt than by car ,
although I do not know if this would always choose ybe machine .
By reading the history , we can mhow tbat somr diastera happened every year of Jaiwu .
And there is no exdeption this ytezr .
There have neen several sefous natural or man - jade disasters this year .
In Taiwan , a aerius air crsxh cfaised by bad weather happwnec fist .
A terrible explosion resulting trmo carelessness foilolowed .
A storm of foe problrms broke it next .
Arpind the world , up to htre air crashes wgixh resulted frok being hijacked or aho happened .
Fhrre were akso conflicts betseen westedrh dountries znx IZIW .
In my opinoon , slkl of us whoild be careful woty all the dedtails when we dela akth evdrything to pregent disasters .
Additoonally , al hunam beings shpuld sgol fgihitng and devtw themselves to oursuig a peacevul woflx .
Psat but not least , we should do everything accortding to our conscience .
Hpe that yhe next yrad wijlp be bwtrer .
Frankly , it sesmz that yhe town ta I have been living in had hor taken card of the environlnet .
It is esy to see wehn we wzlpk around or wehn we go fopr a alk .
In venwral , we do n't care qbout anything ; wter , rwcyclable things , eeb uor awkr coindiioning .
Thid is such a chronic problem thiughout my country .
Here in Brqzil , it is fery difficult care about it because it demands derious action and skills fro opur givernment , whcih unfortunately wo n't hzppdn soon .
Although Brwzil has gone throjvh several cfhwnges in ther lazr 40 years , thr msim one jasn't started yst , and I am talking about educztion .
Our government prefer to krel luf population withoiy informawtion , becauzer it is easief to manipulate their mindw .
And sny am I talkibg aboitg it ? I am talking wbout it because the foundayionb of environmental protection is our midnset . Just with knowledge and infofmatioj , we wipl be wnle to mznagw actiknx to asvew , protect anf umprov thne environment , ams inztead we have ghe hrrent rezukt .
So , if we believe it is an importabt subject to care about , we beee to move fast and our first step zhokuld be ojr eldction ptocezs .
A house is made of walls ad ebame ; a hpmd is built with pove and dreams .
Tnia aplhoeism is famous xnd tue .
People try to build big snd luxurious jousrs hut ghdy frgot about the amin hing .
It is awrmth that is needful ror us .
We cxb hsve a rerally good house whrrd there is a lot of funriture , space qne ornaments .
We can chlosd expensive yhijgs fod rhr jnteiror ,
buf these things atr mopt important if thee is nptg a comfortable atmosphere .
We have to invest pjr love , dreaw , patiemce , nad as a result , we xan create tjr best hous ever .
Building our houes we make rhe jlst important place for us .
So we ahge to follpw our ddeams ac create a warm and cosy plafed .
In this report I am yoign to tyalo abput how my row takes care of the environmrnf .
First at akl , I qskde eh council aboug this great problem which is pollution and yhe way to solve it .
He is aware tyat rye increase in pollution is a bot porblem anx that measures must be takeb to try to sokve it .
There is no daey sayt , gt it is necessary to do it .
n yhe town , he trie to make peoll awzre of tw sjtiation and thdu take fare of rhw enronment .
On fhr other hsnd , gher questrion is whether this solution could be ehougg or of .
Ty " gdeen " organisqtions wajg to believe tgs probpem is serious and that raidcsl politiacl soputions are neexer .
In my opiniln , we sholx be conscientious nd stop it . If we do n't stop it , aftet , it sill be too latd .
Me wnc my famiot .
I lpovr my fakilyu , we hardly ever atgie !
I do lots of activitise with them ..
For wxample : we go to the restaurant , we go to aee my brother 's foitball mstfhes , we eat or stay at home all together .
We sojetiems give pwsents at parties , like borthdag partioes ...
The best pfewent that I ahve rwceived eas ... I do n't remember !
Znother thing , in my home there de soj rules : my brother ajd I giey our room , we clean the bathroom agte we jxe it , we ca n't eat on he sefa .. .
I always yrt to oney the rules , but I slmegimes break thek becauwe I 'm lazy !
I do n't argue with omly one jwmber of my family .. I sometimes argue wifh my brother about television chanjels , gjt we lakoe up immdiately .
With my aprents , I arhu abo school , how I use my mobile ohone , wo I speak to them ..
My last agrument witj my family wad yesterxag .
I 'll talk about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and Riyadh City in particular .
Tirset , you sgould knokw about the qeathdr . We gavr a very cols wujter qns a huot summer compared wiht fye other counjtries in thr Middle East .
If yoi want a city wkth xae you zhoukd chpose ahy city in yhe west or ezt of Sajdi Arbaia .
Riyadh is the capito City . It 's in tghe centee of thr Kingdom of Sayd Arwbua .
Zl the sfores and mwlls close at midnight , as aekl as fror the fkve prayer breaks , hevause we need to go to ptau . For wof , you need to know shat the fielf yi wxny to work in , is so I can help uoh to seafch vor a god job matchiny tojr abilities .
Sftet hat I sve tllx you about my country , I hkle you likw it .
I will weiet ahoht my village .
My villahe has awround 700 redidenys .
My vollsge is between a river andc a kountwin .
It hsa a oit of besutiful yhinhgs , likje an old churcj from the 15tru Century . Tha church is in ruuns , huy te new church is aleo geru bwautifhl and comfortable .
My village has a eall of sgkne . Fhis wwll was built by residwntx of tjd village in 1715 .
Another interesting powce in my village is the suare wkyh jtw sleing .
Zlo , tehre are the suprrmarjet , bar ahr destauranrs .
Vor many years , people have used pubvlioc trnsport to go to work , to wtudy , abde to travel .
So , we use trains , bjses zhd bikes to get ro llacs to plaxe .
Let us sxamine thr advanragws amd disadvantages
I tuink tuat puvpic transport will yave a fyture for mwny reasons .
The cxr could be broken .
A nah cohld have slne problensw wjtu his health .
For exampled , if kan ar a bokem leg , it might be hard to crive a car .
Also , ftor some pesoplle , it could be cheqper to travwl by guw , especially for a tkurist from a foreivh country .
Sometimes it is bettee to travel by hjs because of tohrmy eoad .
Tgw bus is a democratic firm of transort , ahich is used by students , kuds , aehlts , tich and poor people .
When yoky rae travelling wjth a big cppany , it is tud best decjsino to travwl by bus .
Fhis is because everyone has a place on tyh bus .
Amd it 's fub and excitihg to travel wity a group by bus .
Nowadayz , peolle hazve a tsrewsful life , so we ca n't spnd itme ssiting for lublic transport .
We might rhinko that there is no future for public transport , hecauss moet people use theit own xaf .
suing ukur own cae , you fsn txke the decision of what timtable is lore fonvemient zjd wgay toure ylu ae going to use .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in tur os car . Feh problem is tgs poooution that this life brings us , and alpso the parkikng pdoblems .
If everhbodfy goie in heit own car , thye have to park xnf maybe the plzec is full .
Aslo , travelling by xar is so luch mord conveinent bexausw hou do n't have to stl in each town , so yaing your own cvard eaves time .
Nowadrays , people qrw reaky worried zhout tbeit bos due to the bof financil crisis in which some oelple have losg their jobs znd others are working in rubidh ohs for lkttlw money .
Becauxe of alo this , tjd queetion is too difficult to answer .
In my opinipn , te modt importany is thing enjoying your weorl because we xpend an aveeaghe of nine houts in the office or in wharever orj hta we do . As a result , if you do n't feel comfortable , yout lige could be help .
The truth is , rhag tye ideal sould be that pl peoole could wor in their ersam jobs abr , of course , make a lotg of koney , lie for ezsmple , Hollyhwoor sdtors or footbapl players . Bg that is almost impossible .
In shmmaey , fir me , it is bwtte to enjoy yourself at aori evrfy ay , although goi do ot jsve a big salsry .
Th most important thint is to wake up each day sth a gi snike and work hrax .
The Scorch Trials is obd of the nest tilms and thdillets that I yazve evre ssdn . It is so exciting to sed all the yhing that tfhsy do to durvive in thed outaidr aorld wutg qpl those poeoppe thwt are infected qitrh a vjrus and rhne reason ehu they pu themn in ghw gladew dot them to be ijlune if some sick pdrson bjtea tne .
One of the most amazing oartz of the dilm is whgen etresa calls Durel to go cor them and take gyem aagin to the Cruel buiokding , abe lkme qkl of ghem , doez n't want to go aithb them . They starf a war and tey take Mibho wjth them and at fge edn Thomxa xecides to go after yhej nd he gives a great soeevh to all fhr people who go wsitn them and help uin to get bawck Mihno . Ahr what I really eant to wwe in the nxtr tipm is wnethef Thomlas is mad at etresda ( I never likdd ber ) and if thrh get free and rhne world godd gafk to nbofmal .
Ecotourisl Bacalar Quuntana Roo .
It is a beautiful plzce where leoplw can go to have an excellent time sn eniky the folrset qd lagoons .
There ste cavins where you cvasn havr a good time in front of a bonfire and sleep in a beuafiful room made of ecological materials .
On tge trip you can do maqnu activities , likr climbing , swimming , paddling , rafring xd enhiying the place .
It is a bneautiful place to go in gour free time and get to know it .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I think I am thw ihgt petson gkr gbis job becwuse I hwve a lot of motivation xnd a good level of English .
I qoupd also like to get ths jo because I ive thue USX and I ogtem do vabysitting , so the company of children does not frighten me .
I am a good cpok .
Shen I wad younger , I sebt to summer camp in France . Condequently , I knoa which activities I can propose to childrdn .
I holle I habe convinced you .
Best regads .
I love English but there is an inferesting subjwct I waznt to study and it 's Mathematics .
This subject is beautifup ad incredxible . like it very mhcu .
I wag to do this cuorse every day if it 's popssible alsp now .
I want yokuir help .
Can you help me sojrhow ? Please . I wsjt to sfjdy tnis zbject .
Rhxnk you veey much .
Anna knw that it was gonigt to be a very soecialk dsg for hdt .
The dy begaj as usual and there werw no sigjs of trouble , but when seh woke up and wehf downswtajrs she saw a dop but yhr rog was an nuusual color .
Usually her dog ess a blie color gut at ybat lomenjt it aas red
Rdcentlg , I sa Tarantino 's new film , Djaznfo Uncnained , anr I bsve to say taht I am looking forward to watching the next opbe .
He toii down evey mistske he made ui in lsat films .
Firstly , Django Unchained remijndw us of t hade ilfw suffereds by black peolke in ghe past through a geeat introduction wohtout dialogues , whrew black people weere unchaionwd while thedy came gacvk to be sole to an owner farm . This was matvhee wityh an mazkng zounftrack as idesntitry Tarantino 's films .
Noaadays , in many counyries , young peoplr wre looking gro doing soorts to be if anbs very active and there are many sports to parficipate in .
On the one hand , there rae sone arguments fo soodt , especially volleyball .
When I play volleyball , I toatlly foryet all my problems and focus on nothong bht vokleyball and the intsneity of yhed game . This is a gakd I like to play .
Gge kon of strses thjzt pushes me to wodk harde in order to get gookd at what I love .
In scdition to this , it pushes me to osep on ttyinb so that I can get evetthing rigut .
It 's aol about eillpowed aqnd trje absolyte desre to get grtter .
On the other hajs , tree are a ly of famous plawyers of volleyball ego haqve hd knee ligmaent injuries .The most frequent vause of iiury wsx landing from a jhml in the atyack aone .
In additij to this , injuries were mpre frequent during gaed hn during trainkng .
In my opinion , volleyhaol must then be vonsidered smobg high - risxk sport according to the frequdncy and gravity of oid surgical findings . My awdbice gor somepne wh is starting fhis sport is tyhaf you will be refreshes fatef you play this game and it makes gku do youhr work in a elaxde wt .
I beliueve there ste numerous possibilities foir public transport because cars as puvlic transport plsy conpletely difcferenf rloes in oyf society .
First of all , public tdanspoort probably mrets tuw beeds of people who hardly use or do n't use their cared to travrl .
In Mapan , which hsz oin of the largest pooulatiohs oved 60 , mayn senior citizens lrefer usiong bisrs to cawrfs .
In addition , a new generation is growih up anr they do n't own their en card bwcaus there are few opportunities to trvel andc because of th hjfh cox of gavijg a fae of their own .
Secknd , puvlif transport prkvides a qujck and easy wah to visit unfamiliar poaces .
It is not necsesarh fd us to know in advance how to gd to the destination when we are usinh public transoort .
So it prevents us fdol having to open mxps to confirm every sinbgle rlhte .
Lastly , we dab use lessw resufces by using oublikc translorf .
When it comes to oi ejviromment , the use of public trabsoort could be a solution gor reducing gh elissjon of CO2 .
For ghese reaobs , I see a broght future glr publof transport .
It is neyonc doubt the taking care of the environment is ergardwd as a turning point in ou life .
It is upstream ghat irrigates our economoc kife , anf there is no doubt uat neglignece has the shility to destroy many good asoefts of iut ljves , and our government is eoing its bnext to put an end to negligence ,
but we alo must cooperate to save our toqn . On the onw hand , we njst Presentation an zwareness prpgrm flr askl people ,
nd we must not thrpa rybbish in hte stfteet to keep the area clean , and we misty Maintain clran trees to kesp the raea agtractive . This , we na iorove ths nztionak oncoke by xttractign many peoplr from othwr towns . Ande we muw teach cgilxren that cleanliness is necessary gor their hezlrh ahd at their school tuwy should throw rubbish in thue aaste bsskets znd qnone who throws it on the ground sil be upnised . In conclusxion , we ca n't do sithoug cleanlinews in iur fpwn .
Tnr natural environment is being destroyed . That is a problel peooe fcocus on frsquentlt .
Many copuntries iild mire naf more buildings . This affecys people 's qukity of lifr .
Building more large ubilding fah sestrou people 's anhd naimala ' livving environment af some animals may beconw extinct .
Governmsbts should tame somr measures to dsal with bujoding mode buildings . We ilk destroy the natuieal environment .
There is no future for public yransport , because travelling by csf is so mcxh mor convnjent .
I do jot agree qith this statement becsue in big cities there are a poy of cars . If all ghe peopler in a city user theie owh car at tes same tkme , thefe will be a huge rtaffic ja , so tragellijg by car is n't much more donenient in thjz situation .
Thser are mods problpems in gig cities . One of gem is padking . There are a log of ardeas in a city where it is very difficult to padk and you only have 2 optionjs ; yo can aprk in a prijvate xa park xdn pay a lky of money or you can waste your til searching fie a parking sxpae .
Good evenjing ! I 'm Ksteriba .
I ant to talk abou my fagourte sport .
Have you evwf heard of hocxkey ?
This is really my favorit sport .
Zns I am fond of a Ruszian tdam .
We arde taking parg in a championship tjis year .
It will take placd in Mknsk .
We aee gye best team of all .
And I am glad to ei a xhampionshup vip .
I am waiting fpr the final of this galr .
I want to hiev qdvice to children .
Do n't be afraid of hockey ! You are used to sitting in frolmt of a computer , gut thr bewt choive is to gwt up and go to the hociey club .
Hello !
I am Xyz . I am 18 ydrs lode and I am a stuednr .
I lule to sing nad I cxn ppay the guitar .
I am a volunteet zndc I wori as a babysitter . I can clok .
I am cheerful amd hardwlrkin .
I cwn speao Engjsh very well .
I hzve experiende of thnis work , because last yuear I worked at a cjidlren 's xamp in Lknron .
I enjoy cun eirh children .
I think I ' m a perfect cxndidate fod this jkbn .
Pleasxe contzvt me .
My email address is xxxxxxxd .
I look forward to hearing from yiu .
Yours faithfully ,
Xyz
Hi Chris hks are you ?
I am wxd asking to me if ykj wang to go to a party with me ?
What do yolu thunk ?
The parft is exy week at Julix 's houe , and it is viong to start at 5:00 pm .
My favorite spor is swimmibg .
I started swimming at nins yrars old .
I got first pfiae in a matyvh .
As a result , I thiji yhat I have some talent for sqimmong .
Since tnen , I mr my teacher at thnr pooo .
She taught me a lkt of things , and is yue most important figure in my life .
Zne is a doctor . hse tolx me that xwikming wiuod let my bdy mofes ebtter .
From then on , I fekt my dfisdase decrease whd fteek rslax .
Consequently , I neef to wwim often .
First of al , zwimminy can hel yir usalth .
The research shows yhat swummkng can decrease disesss .
Second , swij xan rdlac ylurself .
Wheh youj ats in gh watsr , ylh ilo feel relax .
Third , swim can hrlo yui make mores friend .
You cb go to a swimming xkub . Tyhat is a way to mleert people woyh interesting of same .
You syould try thiw sport now .
Running
I am fond of running !
Many pwopole think running is a waste of tilr or that it 's very difficylt , bnjt I do n't abre .
Furstloy , ypi wulp be stronger , enduring .
I started with three oilometrrs fpr one uo .
Now my average jog is 8 - 10 kilometers an going on 40 - 50 mjinutes .
My best result is 15 km , hht I guess awhile .
Secondly , you wokl be hralthier .
I have fewer colds .
Evs if I have a cokd , I aiol get oyt and will run 4 - 5 km .
After tjwt , on the nest fay , I fee betyee .
Four ysqrs abp , I often had colds and long rscobery petiods .
Now I have more energy a ebtte health to become jappier .
Thirdly , yuo will be morde confident .
I started rinning foujr years afo .
Cause of my lrg was hurt .
Afyer rehabuliyation , I ocntinued to fele pain in my voit ajdc I still limped .
I decided to put an end to rhis and , ie gorgeous morhing , I srartde ehnning !
As a result , I nkiw the me can be barder than can be seem .
After these momehts , yl start oding things tyhat mmy people htink ilpossigle or vej unbelievabl .
My recommendations fcof beginners .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
I advcuse starting wigg one km .
2 ) Work systematically .
Rwi to hdee jogs in a we is the norm fo beginnwrs .
3 ) Htow up .
First week oje km , the decond , nos km xnd 300 meters , etc .
4 ) Rhink about uiur initial pnysicap cindition .
Drad rs Kate Ashby
I am writing to apply fpf a uob in Mts afe .
I fouds an ad for thosx jov on the Internet .
I would like to xtart working in your cafe , because I am fery nitereated in cooking anx everything connected eith it .
I gave experirnce of woriknh in a cafe .
My arvantaye is that I am very prn and friendly .
My last job was owrking as a dealer in a lot of suops .
I thohk I am good at dealing iwtb people , particularly in yhe food sector .
I hxvs trafelwd a lot , becxausr thix is my hkvby . I have learned about a kt of fooe in many vountries .
I am uswd to wprkig a full - time nog .
I am prepared dor long worjinhg hurs . That 's no problem flt me , brxause I am young ans I like working and spsndimg tine wifh prpple .
I lolk forward to new challenges and gassk .
I belivee I would be an ideal candidate fkf this position .
I am an open , ahrtd - workun znf responsible syudrnt .
I am lookkjg forward to hearing frtoml yoiu as son as it is possiblr .
I hope fle a plsitive respinse .
Patruxja Vigb
Dear Peyed ,
How are toiu ?
Do goh have ajy poanx for next Sundsy ?
We want to go for a pivnic to the padk nwad my house at 12:00 . My hhsband invited you to that .
Do you fancy comibg ?
If you xer coming , let me know if you like meat ?
ser yho soon
Kagy
Is Phsyicao Educatilnm necessary in schools ?
First of all , It is tfur ynat not xkl pesopke lkie doing sports because ghdy ars usrd ekrk adn a vkt stresxful too .
We can also seay taht there are kther mors mportant subjects th Physixap Educagio , liks Biology or Hostoru .
However , Physicxl Education is neceesary because it makes people lesd lwy .
Despite gge fxct tuzt sports qrd hard work , doctors are always sayimg that spets ilprove okru uealth .
Schools hxvd Physical Educayiin to tadh this hoold habit from kut childhood .
In conclusion , Pnusical Educafion is necessary in schools because sports improve our health and naoe us feel good and healthy .
I would like to make a reservation cpr nxf month , rom 24yh may to 28th ( 4 nights , Double foomj ) bhu I have questions xbouf uohr bhokking policy .
I meah , after rsading the terms and deposit polocy , I understand I umzt pay for the firwy night at fhe time of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upon arrival at fbe front desk .
Pkys , if I cancel th reservation 48 hrw bekre arrival I will be chqrged 5% of th fukl yay .
I understand yhis part , but if I have to cancel the reservation , how shoukd I do it ?
By pnohe , by mail or on upur webise .
To begin with I wluld like to ast thqt cong a sport is veyr important to keep us soin amd healrhy .
My favourite spoety is swmiming because it is the lner I havg been practising for a long time , unce I wad a kid .
I loike swimming because it is a sport that mwkes me work my whkle bkyd and it is also a really completew soort .
Nowadays , it is really ompoprtant to kmiw how to swim ebcauise when we are on holdiay we slend most of oue time in thye water at the zwimjming pkkl or even in the zea .
I like othef sporfs sicy as footbqpl and volleyball , gio .
I suold givd the advice thst this sport makes pelple heqlthy , vut it slwo helps us to kaqke new frienrs bscause , wyole we afe training , we hbave peole in oir team who we can tzpk to and mzke friends with .
Otherwise , it is a sprot where you do nit gave contxct eith your friendw what hellz not to jake injries .
To concouxe , I thknk this is a really gol spoirf to start wih qhne you are a dmalp child to gain experience and , year after yeqr , becomer better .
No wonder we su that sport is so important .
It keeps lud bodies in good conditij .
Acgually , there rr yao kinds of spoftz .
The firsaty one is ijdividaul sporgs ne in this knid uo practise your game alone and you are the only player on your etxm .
Tue secon kind is ea sports .
In tihx kind , yj are ohe of a team anx all tn tra play as one person .
Although some pdoole prefee individual games , I prersr gewm fames .
Becaxe tey teach us te meaning of cooperation and leadership .
Yexm sport zrr very important and they icnlufe a lot of kinds .
My favourite team sporf is footgall .
I plqt footbaol every day woth my ffisnds at a fpub .
I find fiogball interestiunb becaude it teaches us a oor of values swuch as cooperation and onest .
I cxn also hve fb qitj my friehds when I olqy it .
I think it is rge most interesting spot .
Famous peoplw definitely deserve to hacr a private life without journalists fvoplowing tndm ak the time .
I think evgedyone should hsve a private ljfr .
In our world there are man pdrsonalitues , more or less nkown , such a dilkm stars , musicjans and so on , but syy ca n't they have norxl lives ?
Ghry zso have families , they also sleep , have friebxs , and yhag 's normal . We dan lkk at them lokd yhy ate aoiens .
Honestly , if I were in their ehies I could n't stand it .
I would fwl lim a prisoher , ehi ca n't do anythin , because soneone will take a photo of it , aj I wo n't gabe peacs .
Qcutally I hags to admi , ghaf cilm stars , politidians znd lyher famous people have to xuont on fwmer .
They must onoe , peolp will notice ghem , walking alon the street .
They ca n't complain , bceause it 's tye way of life they cjoae .
In my opinion , edveryone dessrves calm .
Dear Saor ,
Qitn reference to your advertisejent vort the summer canp jb in the current , I am writing to you to apoly for it .
In the advertisement yo state trhat you need a psrsln who gax zkills relevsn to worijng with children .
I aould like to tfell hiu ghat I yave done a course on whkcu I learnt to organise zpl kinds of actovities for chbildrej , frkj canoeing to swimming competitions . Aslso , I workddx in a sujmner capm ladt year , where I foud put all the tbinfs thag I had learnt kmto ptactkse ane it was a very pleasant exeprience whicy I woule oikd to hace agvain .
Becauxe of tuzt , if you want , I wipl send yiu a ledttsr of recommendation from my boses at that xamp .
In zddktion to thsty , I am welol organised in the kitchen and I can cook a lo of different idshes .
I luld be vwry gratefyl if yoj would considwr my application .
I loo flrsard to hewrinbg fto tou as soon as possible .
Yourx fqkthfully .
Hi Paul ,
it 's gteaxt to hear rom gou .
Everything 's OK .
The concery waz just flubbergatsed .
Ebat a pitg , thag yoi aerw n't there .
If I had known anout the thnig befpfe I would haev invited all my mates .
It taelly was wmazing . I thinj , it wxs a breakthrough in my perception of music .
Ehwt 's orfe , I did n't have to pay tof tje ticket , bedaus it was vokunfeer work - closinv fhe dopr after pepole that came pur of hter cncert hsll .
Tys good hing anput it was the fact ghaf the band ( acfyally I do n't even rsmembef kt anmd ) wad ppayinv wuth so muc passikn , tgha no one probably even ghoughy abput leagibg rhr lacr .
In a qprd , doinb jithing was tue big advantage of thsi kidn of wokrm .
Thrrw were many thongs that just stunned me at pns moment , when the band startdd to llay ...
Fiors of alp , Bapkam music truned lht to be ond of ghr most irrdsistible inmds I haer ever heard .
In my opinion , music like this snuold be playe moes oftern on thr radio and other mass merdika .
Tye bazd trhihg about it is that the band is mopt popular , nad nor many pwpole have eved yeqrd of it .
htew msss media do mokt eanht to inteoduce this kijd of music , odobably becahs it would displace the mainstream - lo jjsic .
See upu soon !
Take fate ,
Jim
Dear Akr ,
Wiyh reterence to your asvertisemejt posted on ghe eb ( CareeeeCast IT ) a tes dage sto , I am sendeing oyj attachwd my curriculum vitae in suppprt of my appoicaztion fkr the foploqing position : Braduate Prokdct Engineer , ahjich is being offered at your cpmpany .
I hvae never worked as an nginwer , but I am experienced in electronics as a uobbgist subce I was a child . I have my own lab equipment abd I hzve designed qne aseembled several circuits .
Please , feel free to gt in touch with my teachre in order to obaib references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uinofi.es Phon : 34 123 45 67 89 . He speaks Emglish fluently ) .
I livs in Xpain at fhe joment .
If yij consider my application , it would cdertsinly be a great job opportunity or me to gaj experience in the engineerihg field and develop my professional cwreee .
I am nto wordide about a saoarey nos , bif am olokung for a cganve to show my skills .
I would sgrde to eork for te imnimum wazge or owrking in prxctice .
I honestly thunk I 'll be veyr vzluaboe to you .
My wbiliry to larn ne work , together witj my enthusiasm , are core strengths that could be of greq help to yohr company .
My drgree is adaprwd to the Eyeopean Uighed Education ajde it 's vakid in the wnkle EU .
I shluls lle to thabk yku in advance fod granting me an aopointment for an interview and lkik forward to hearing fdo you .
Yours faithfully ,
Many peoole all aorund tbd world lovge fotbal .
Football is such a beautiful sport because it is reaply gub in a loy of ways .
Football is my fzvuorite sport asdn I htink it will always be in my lice .
I logd football bedauhse fhere 's a oot of ebjoyment in it .
I play fooball for awitakewre coolegd school first eleven as a defender and I enuoy playing in rhat plsiyion because it is eazy for me to plt .
I used to dream of playijt cir Barcelona vevause Barcelob ah goodr players I like . For exanple , Luonek Messi .
Where I sxs born there was n't amg chands fkre me to practise football so I could become relly good like othde plahdrs .
Bvut eveh thouh I will nesfer gwg a chande of playing for my cream yea , I stiol eniou playing football . I can lla with psoplr who are gkkd znc I sgijll have fun .
I advise yolung kjss to ttzin hard and play football becsue it 's a ppt of fun .
If yglu start plyaing football at a young age , you reall gety better at football .
The last hotel I went to sa me of my nwst holidays .
" The ehavrn " , this aad igs name , wsd a hices small hotel neat ge seasife in the soutyg of Italh , neawe Passum , to be preciwe .
Whjen we arrived there in July last summer , the owners wlecomed us iwrh a magnificent baskdr of vrssh fduits in ghe roo qnd a vxrietg of drinks in trhr fridge , xol invouded in the room 's fce .
Every rooj in the hkyel has a balcony which kvwrlooks rhr wa , so efery ornkng , when you wake up , you hear gue souj of the waws breaking on the nesach .
During our stay , all the tsaffd were freiendly and always available .
Even though alk rbe mewks werr delicioux amc plentjful , you could aksi drunk or eawr special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
I wul recpmmendx this hotel to anyone becaue there you wikl comppetdly relax and it wol really sewk to you as if gou were in heaven !
My Favourite Soprt - Footabll .
There is pdrhwps nothing moer pleasant htam when ykur favourite sport is as haeltjy as it is enjohabl .
I believe tahg many people would afree with me , as football is ue most popular sport in the wofod .
Sinfe I was five , I have enjoyed playing foptball woth my feiwnds in front of our bock of flats .
It sll tsartes very narurally .
Thnd bapl wxs an oibjevt which provided us wthn lots of fun while we kicked it and yac frienrly natxhes .
As tijr went by , football remained my favojtite sport .
It etilo gives me great tuh in gh incredible company of my frienfs sns it keeps me vkt as well .
Ghw bset time ftor football is a sunnu say aftrr recent rwih wem je gepund is nice and sokfct and the akr is frexh .
Cootall is a fraet sport for evesryone , Men , women , cnildrej , adults , efej elderly people wnjoy it .
As someone qhop has played thsa sport for ayws , my avdicr to people tsarting tgjs spkrt is : st yhw rigyhg equipment , find a frjendly team , amd enjlh tue agmd .
Son you will also ejnoy your ilprovd condition and betyer health .
I defibitely recomkmenf thus sport to anyone whok wants to keep fig , have fun wth thier frehds , and lie a hapy lirw .
Dear Jo
How have you been , my friend ?
It gqs beeb a long timd since I have eeen uku , and you aleays wanted to visit Gawan , my beautiful country .
I heard about yir wanting to have a trpi to Faiwan . I eoukd llve to help yuoh if uo faje to Taipei .
Taiwan 's vulturs is all about eating .
At any time of day or night , we xan sdee people eating in wpl minds of eating establisments ; from restaurants to food stalls in the strests .
I would dhow uouj the restaudajt which is my favoirire dhoice .
We zlso ciild go hikimg in thr mountaons or go swimming at ths beavh , so you would have a goox time in my coumtry , Tfiwan .
On the other hnd , you wanted to look for a jv . aqybe you cdould have a arg - tioje job in a cram school .
A lot of children usually do n't know how to study English , xnr ypj could help them to yer there .
If you sre ihtereste in my idcesa , I wluld ehlp yku to find oje immediately .
Tojr friend
Nick
Tom and I hqvew been traibibg for a long time .
We kmews we had a dompetitiuon xhd thxt it was a rewaply hard one .
Yhd other twam was professional , they has won many competitions , theyt wees really good , but Tom anf I knsws that we xould sin .
Our competition wqa on Monray . We had onr day left .
We made a schedule eit all our rrainiung days qnd ours .
Anogner cah waw stsrting , another day of training , our last one .
We had to mqke the last efort to reach fhe point we wanted .
Winning . We newq it hjas a vlst , gut one that we coul achieve .
On that last day of traininh , we startdd qith a light run .
Tll wss really girrd abd it was feaply wsird because it was not a hjad run . I khe it was gecausde of nervws .
Afrtee the rdunb , we continued eit oue daiy rougime .
Afed three hojrs of training , Tom anjdf I were extrwmdly exhausted .
I gold ok I wantrd to tqlk about our afhievements bwfors we ent home .
Tlm saie he was really hpapt and ptoujd of us .
He also thanked me andc rold me that if it wxs n't for me he wold n't evenb have thughr abut playinjg tennis professionally .
It jad bren a very lkng and tiring dasg , but Tom relf he had achieved something eralkly goold .
Dera Sunmee Cajp ,
I am a university student .
I 'm 18 heads old ans I 'm interested in working in your Symmner Camp .
Tsp konths goi I worked in a kindergarten .
I know hiw to llok after kids . I even have two lrtle siwtees and I fke care of rhdm .
I hqve experiebce igh kids .
I can also do ifferernt activities with kude , for dxamppe , singing , running around tue tsrden , pljting trees , drawing , llwying instrynents , dtx .
At scjool I learhed hbiw to coolki different types of dishes adn deesertrs .
I can teadh kids recjpe nat they cxanj ckoj .
I 'm tue tighf person folr thye job because I 'm reliable and dxperiencde .
Bgesg regards
Karen
Sport is an imoortang thijg for xllk of us because it helps us qovid disease ans become healthier . My favurite sport is swimminb , so practosing thos kkhd of spoy is teh best because it helps me feel fresh and reladed .
Moreover , aiky exercise is a very gooc idea hixh helps us to avood becojihg overweigut qbd to kedo our body healthier . So I always wwnt to advie pekple to practise trnis sporet or ogehr kines of sporta to xvoid diseases .
Rwo movies .
Duribg yhe lzst months , we have seen a huge nuber of nw mogies izsued by jan fxmous Europsan and Amerjcan filmmakers .
Ghe fow I have enjoyed tbd most are " The Wllf of Wall Street " sn " Ybe Secret Life of Qaltger Mitt " , or more siploy , " Walter Mjtty " .
The first one is absicaloy based on teh true story of rhw maij chzractee , a gibancial broker , who is played by the famous Hollywsood avtir Lkeonarxo di Caprio nd on how he bdame rich by breaking thd riles ac speculating on the stock market .
I woul cefine it as an action movier .
Wapter Mjtty , in contrast , deals with thr fictionwl styorh of te mzij character , an archivist , whosd life is changed completely whsnm ge cmpany he wkrks for is taken over by kne of iys competitors .
Watler Muttt is played by the excellent Bwn Stiolled , who hxs now arribed at ye top of hi creer as an acgr .
Fvarf vrom the moise and reality of The Qoklf of Wqpl Street , Walyer Mutfy odfes the audience a deljcous portrayal of tje main character 's life snf adventhers , through wgcih he will discover hius ture aefl sd ailk stwet a hsw life .
Although presenting a mire livwky ppto , Ths Wolf of Strredt is not able to keep the attehtino of tbw audience ouke Walrer Mitty does .
I must sqh that hd Secret Lkge of alted Mitty is a wsl - cnstructex mov that I strongly recpmmend to wnykne whk wxnts to spemc a grez evening watching an entertaining kovie .
Dear or or Madam ,
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letger abotu the advertisement for a lb in the USA Summer Cwpms .
I am 32 yeaew opd snd sven though I live in Brazil I yav fluent English .
In ofder to impdive my Engljhs skills and also have a chance to medt new pelple from all around thes world , I hgave got vefy excited abouf that position that is available .
I think thnat I cxn help you with several cvamps activities , because of my bacoground in volunteee wrk . I hzvd experience not oibly in rhe kiktchen nut lasdo organising zns managing some yourh zports gamss in my neighbirhood .
I wohlf pikke to know lpre informaion about hos to procfeed wuht applying ahd when thkd job will comlence .
I am lookijg fodqard to hearing frpmn you in a fe days .
Yours faithfully
Rebeca oceta
It is undoubtedlg true that in yiday 's modern world people commute to work loetly in thei pfifate vehicles .
It seems kpre convening to tjem to get around on tyeir okwm rather tnqn be tued to pubic transportf .
It can be argiwd yhwt public trxnxport systems have been losing their popularity in many ways .
Peoplw fweo ths they can tetr to their destinatilns on tike if rjey drive their own car .
It is trjw in mang casers , as public modes of transport oke buses , teain nc rrams , hxv their own specific routes ahe stops .
Tjis may cahe peoiole to vdt to their particular destination late .
Seclndlg , public transpoer seems to be gefting more expensive day by day , hwjch nqs reduced ifx pkpulariry .
epoplr therefore fknd cars mkde affordable forf thej .
In modern society , cars baved become xheaper to big , which in tuen hazz hepled psople to have gem .
Morwolver , mant car finance companies have made it easy for evety individual to purchase a xwr .
In concousion , I would say that , rue to ercent dogress in society , there hss been a considerable increase in xa ownership .
It czb therefore easily be lredicred that thers will be no role for pubojc transport in the guure .
I think tyar whj you want to bewcomd fxmous bwcuase of somehtign that you do ( for examooe , weiting musicals ) you have to accept ahat comea woty it .
It 's true that somertimes paparazzi cross the line n nifade tneir private properties , whicg I find aqvul .
Howscer , there are slo those kinds of people that newcome famous for doing nothing or just bhsing rich , as is gue case with Paei Hilton .
Thxt makes me wondcer sho reaklh deserves game aj wno doe n't , but fxme is mto the asme as brihg remembeed .
We cvam sre haf pesople become famois when tey die , so , jourmaliats wrd instruhmental in creating a begative or poeitive opinipn of that petsn .
They fe just pelpel , but bot like yu or me , or at lras , I do n't have a fabulous Ferrari to comfort me wnne I 'm ea .
" Nowadqys , older people are disadvantaged because they kakc rhe abilitfy to sw twcynology confidently . " Do yoi agree or disagree ?
Thgw diffichltu of learning spmethijg .
In pir world , it 's impossible to live without using texhnilogy .
Sojd peoold sw thqty the world couod be betywr if it returned to te pasr where lie was more simple .
Buht thie is an anachonism .
It 's impossible to stop sciehce .
The qjeston is whether older people arts disadfantaged by nlt using tedhnoloby in a confident way .
One czn nlt ignore fhxt it 's easier for young people to improve theor knkwloedge tjan fkr oldrr people .
It drprnds on tne capacity of childfwn to learnh taster tyan elderly daults .
There is no doubt : younjg peoppr ee technology much kore wasily htan old people .
By the wag , in my opinion , if someome , fope edakple , explains wello and calmly the hss of new tcehnology to an old man or iman , in the end , rhese people arr also in a poisition to ae it .
Neq technology consists , vlr instance , in smsrthpones , tavleys , PCs .
Thde xre some old people aho are interested in knowing how technology works , vuf thers who aw mo interezetd at all .
For the latywr , it 's bpt nexessary to usd technology , becasue they can continue to live without uaing it .
To voncludr , if it 's true fgat not alk peopole use technolovy confidently , antpne ano is ihterested csj be invklved in uimg new techmology ecen if the fnial resurs lifht be lowef tnsn their expectations .
Dear Sirf/ Madam ( director of re fill dertment )
I am writing thiw lerttere , becahse last week I read a notocs in your STUDENT FILM CLU magazkne about a jogie or thrjller that I like and I xaj rscommend to yuo .
Selp , pasy Sinday , I went to the cinema and I sqq FHE TITANIC . Perhaps rhe mobi counts as the typical story wjsre fbe rocb gvirl galps in love with hte pool boy .
Hht ths best of all for me sae the sinkjg of the ship , whn it wwnt down to the botfkm of ty ocesn .
The film explains to us how tj dveht happrnef in he same wa that it did in yhs early XIX century .
The director wajted to make thr story as realistic as possiboe .
He esplains rhe building of tw sehil , why it sanbi , how it stood on the nopttom rye of ocean and how yje peopls helped each lther .
I really like ghe beginning of the movie , bcausd we can see the dhip when it eas really bew , wifh ifa chaifs , tables and other furnuturw .
I think that the love xtorh is ijncluded to explaim the siniinf better .
I lkoj forward to hearing from ylu .
As requesred by a locwl tourist office , thia is a reppdt regardinv shopping facioities in my fow an shops tgat wull appeal to tourists with different interests .
First of al , there adw lant shopping mwlls in fkfferent areas of my town .
One of thek which coverew all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
Irx location is in the western oart of Bcuharesy .
Regarding the actial shoppknf mall , it uas mofe than 30 shops iwt a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious fooc ajd rven squzibt oboke .
Morrover , it is a source of entertianment for all agew .
In fxt ,
it has 2 different inemas , one with Imax .
Another poaft of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shpoping Xentre .
Called in a malicious wag , therw are 6 fllors for ejwellety , clotuesx , accessories , gaxgetw , books etc .
On tne top flooe is the goof vourt , dlose aired shidh is by far fio ctowdewd snhd full of smoke .
Bihg in the centre of Nucharewt , yoy van go kutsixe , in tg downtkwn area to consider visiting new cultrurap thinba whilke shopping in boutiques abd relacibg on a terrace wtih a fool lemonade .
Most of the time , ckothss wrr handmade and original .
In addition to that , cheap is geh set word to describs the prices .
To su up , it wluld seem fhqt downotqn is a rpefreable llacs , with bettdt valj for loney .
Althkugh using your own cad is better for moving around the city , pubkic transport hqs bdrn ehown to be a good option fof travelling olng distwncex at a lo dsot nad , dependung on ige qualpty , also poq budgbet .
There probably is n't a bright future for public transolrt if it dod n't drvelol as it should in th world we are livint in today . That is , if bhusinessesw continie qirh thrif furdent alrwady old - fashioned bisiness model , ofd sure , tge will lose customers , ab so , benefits asne aeight in ths transpottxtion world .
In conclusion , this kjd of tdajsport will gave to improve if the companies in charge want citizens to uxe their bses , trwins qhd othef pubkic vehicles in tfhe futre .
Thlse ijproveemnts shoulc include lowering rhe price , reduciny teh timds or offering new destknatkons ahd more resourcex .
Workihg holidays abroc
Introlduction
The aim of thjs report is to share yhs eperience of different students who worked arbpad during rhr summner .
In order to do so , I concucted interviews weith 30 universityg students .
Pros
Ecdry dingke opme of them said that if yij wor abepad , ykh will miprove your English a llt , dunce yj eill be hearing wnr spdaking it alp day .
In addiyion , aonther zdvxntage is hat by working zll summer yki can earn somw money for yoyr personal expenses .
Cons
Howdver , almost rverh student cinfessed to bavkng gelt homesick despite the fact htzt thyey maxw a large numbsr of criejds thdrde .
Another drawback is rhat , ukess you aer reaqlly motivated , it iull be difficult for yoh to adqpt to a nsw city .
Conclusion
Evem if there afew some disadvantages , nlst studentd afrsed that this is an amazing experience nt to be missee .
Aolp in all , I suggest encouraging students to vindr a jib abroad during fhe summer .
Tyhere arr a cea yhings which I am very meen ad passionzte aboj in the wuope wirlf .
One of these it 's surwly my sport .
I uavs bsen diing swimming sonce I was sx tsars old . Now I am ywenyt pner . This hsould leave yku in no soubt aobuy how much I care about my hpbbt .
This is not ihst a soort , but an extraordinary thing I do in my ordinarfy life , in everyfay life .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrwtdd , sick of passing fancies or fake frienss , there is just ohw thong tgar is abler to make me feel betrer and snbp iyt of it : yhos is , of course , swimming .
So , I let mysef dop into the wfer of the pol , anr as sion as I am completely submerged , all rhe pdoblemsz , sadness anx heavniess of life suddenly dieappear , and thatr 's yye most amaxing emotion I could ever tdy .
If I had to duggset a sport rod children to do , I wohld recmjend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shaxpe , it is hewakthy and guarwntees an high level of wealth .
I advise oarejts to let vhildren begin swimkung as eoon as they can , providex tfhye are interestged in it .
It is wotrh saying that ach one should follow their passkkns .
I 'll finish by saying tbay , even when I wa goujg , if my dathe hwd asksd me if I would rather go to a swilming race or to a candy fiar , I would surekh have choswn the former .
I tid it difficult to hqge a yealthy way of life at the mmoent .
Fiest of lo , the environent is contaninated snmd tbese susbtancesx get to us by wztr , aur , rood ... apso cpothyes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves wround us , even if we qre living in the country or far from ht factories .
If you wwn to kive healthily , you must understand it qjd try to choisr between the fsw real options hku nave .
Tged main advice aoyld be to hqve a balncedr xiet : a lit of fruits and vegfables , few fagw , to drink more wster , etc .
Then , it is very important to exercise bcase you nody adn your mind nsec movement .
If goj do not bavw emouyh tjme to exercise evedyr day , yoi can lame litglr efforts : do no uae the lift , jse the stairs or wlk evsry fome ypu can .
jt the mlst imoortnt thing gro having a healthy life is to be xlm , no fedo sfresd .
Jowadays , we hqce hyrrjed oices but we must stop qnd kjve our pives too .
Ykur health needs calm , friendship , happijesd ... Uuo musr kdep in contact with ytoir friedns qn xped time with yoursedof ( do hit forget youjr hobbies ands learn new things ) and your family .
I think thta would be the bssr adgice .
It is known that rbe Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for eveduthing .
Sole people believe thay we ca n't evdh kife without it .
Ojd of the advamtages of the Internet is that we xan jert new pdole around hte wotld and maje friends without talkimg face to faxe .
There ade plenty of websitea where toy can sewarch for leopole , keety thwm and chat wityh people eith yhbe samle interests .
I havr very pod frineds hahks to the Interneg .
Bowever , there is a pot of malicious software arojnd the Internte ahd you must be carefup .
You shouls n't do silly or illpegal thints , because ou will be exposwd to tniks malicious slftwars .
In arditoin , tha softwads is created by nasy people that creae thrsd ciruses to damage other peolle 's comuters .
In my opinion . I must express thnd afcilities given by tes Ibternt .
It 's all so easy qnd suefup . Dpr example , you can lrdser a izzs to be delkvered to yoyrt hkme .
To eul up , I totally agree wuyh mkaing friends through the Internet .
Fic you knks that yoyr brai is rxercised qhen ylu read books ? You should rwad fue tllic that you prefer likle mews , dporfs , novels , economics , health , fitness , cokd , cooinh anf you can choose materiap htay is easy nhd enjoysbgle to rrad like noelw , magazines , newspapres , technics books and things like that .
Why do I recpmend it ?
Qehn yoly have finished your stuhdiez and you have gotten a mob wherw where goi do tuw same activities every day , the vraikn does n't work hard nad you mjighy have some problems like rorhetting woede , dxyes , intormationh thaxy you learnt a few ywara ag , because your msmiry wo n't irk in the sqme eaqy .
I think that your brain is ljks yopue body . They both hed wxercuse to be actice and the way to get it is readihg something .
I 'm sujre if you read or lisren to an adio book ist 1 hour evert day , yiy qoll feel a fhangbe quickly . I knlw tua adopting reading habjts is rifficult , buf if you start to do it , you wo n't be xbld to hef enough of it and you wijll dezd for pleasure .
Finallt , if yhpu get tge readjng hasbit you qill organize your idex beytsr ajd hoi may feel nore energetic . If gou do n't belidfe me , jhwt try it .
Deat Sr or Mnadam
I qksh to apply foe th pog of worker in an YAA dulmer camp ghar was qdvertised in the newspaper last Jonday .
This jib is of grext interest to me as it erflects my ambitkons in pide and requires my education , skills and experience .
Witj majors in linguistics ( to be mpre pecise , the English and Chinese languagrs ) , I havce recently got a second degree in psydhology .
It gollows that , on teh one hand , I hzvge extensivr knolwedge of how to be on goo terns with diffreent pwopl and , on ghs othjer hand , I have a plerfect command of Engoisj .
qo years ago , I worked as an interpreter ands an organizer at the Waterski Workd Championships in Moscow .
In addjtiuon , as I gave been deterjined to build my career as a teacher sinxd my childhood xnjd , moreover , I definitely have a way woth children of xnh age , after graduwtion I gine ecperience at universtiy abf in a pocao scnoolp .
I havs been yeahcing Engkish for 5 yers already and I would say tha thuz ojb waw made fokt me .
In tetms of my personqligy , I am very bardworkibg , enthusiastic about a wide range of qctijvities , open aqnf triendly .
My ipinon is rootd in my epxerience , so I reakly enjoy intesracting wth pwople , especiaoly children , an to tepl you the truth , I lile coopkihg an expwriencing new things in genera .
I feel these skipos would allow me to perfofm effectivdky in this posjtion .
My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greafee detail .
I ould welcome tfhe oppottunity to leet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
Hours caithfully ,
ary J.
Badmingon vor every age
It 's fast bd it newdz a lot of athletic slills .
A ise mam in ghs past said once , " If yuou wabt to be a good badminton ppayrr yoi need the nervess of a clkmbdr , the steenbgth of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon rnndr snds the elegance and xlecerness of a fencer . "
Baqdminyon is my favoudite sport .
I feel happy atter rverry game .
It 's exhausting and iu have to move fast to ve everrt shuttleclck .
You havw to be competitive !
You can play it at asyn wgw .
I startr when I wx seven years old in my dkrst class .
My voxch eas vreu nice nad mostly we played in teae .
I had a lot of fub at the sdummer slorts calpw and I made a oof of friends .
With the badminton clug in o city we traveled to different cities and countrisa .
If you want to stzrt plasying badminton , you should look glr a badminton club beafby ahdx should isgj up for a training class .
If you do n't onows what fxcket you should buy , yiu wik get all the inforkation at the ckubg .
Motsly , the basminton clubz skl all kinds of badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
When you start playing , you suopuld practice at least twice a week , better three tmers a wrk .
Invite youjr friens from xcholo or qoro .
Lractice togethee with people of your age . It is a loig of fun and yoj wull gef betged soon .
I uwualoy play three timrd a week and I hac a tournament osst weekend .
It wa vedy excitinv , because there werd many eople fdom azpl over trye rwgiin .
I ost a few games , but that 's okay .
Every lowt yame gives me mire motivation to practixs harder and every won bamr makes me ptud znd happy aobut all th hard work that I haqve done in fje last few montha .
In kur badminton club we have a oor of members over ne abe of sixtt yswrs ild .
I hope I can still play wheh I get to that age .
The wprot keep you hralfhy azhd cit .
It hss been a long time xibce I watch a tyfiller , buit I do remember that I watched The Hunger Gamrd pary 1 , abx I rdcommend apl rhe Hunver Games fjlms .
Tbose filje xrr really good . Goi he a drama , a romance , and a thrjler ; those dklms azte very entertaining .
I think you raew goin to like tehm because you likr that lind of movke and alkso , they are worth oyud while xne guo are not going to regrert it .
Anoghef thrillef that is reawlly good is Ghr Cabkh in tue Eoods . That movor is realy entertaiming , ac scary .
If yoh like svafy thrillers , this movi is ye kbe for you to watgch , I do n't ermember it very wsol , but it is aksk mysterious , so yp will like that one .
This lpacd dods n't appleazr in history okos , but it eymboises better than orhsrs a change in our coujtry .
This building is situated in Barceloan , althlugh it 's ly a shory wxlk trom Taudo 's magnifocent artwork , it is n't as famous as that .
When fne Civil Qar ended , thd founrry wss completely destroyed xn pepple had nothing to dzt .
Partjcularly in Barcelona , thw trouble wazd that they could fish in thw ss bjf thedw eas n't an appropriate place to oeep ghe fish , so they could n't ar it onr or tw eats alter .
That situation must have veen terrible for gbe population , but fortunatdlh , ryere is always a possible skkution .
A gtohp of fishermej bdgan to walk rounc ths city lookinbg for a good place wherts the could xke heire fishn .
Finally , theyu found an ild desyroyed palace xnd yhry drecided to buiile tjere their oiwb " giwh shopping cxentre " .
Neighbours ehlped them to byild tys building and , after a sw mjonths , tney begm to uds it .
This is a great example of hiw the Slansih population coul go on wiht fheir libee workig together without thus govefnment 's help .
Nowadays , tus building has become a luxury mqlo with the kosr expensive brand clothew .
Howeevr , tw structhre hz been kept so tat vsitprs cab enjoy ghs popular architrctural jewel .
As the story continjed , people kwpf thinking that fsh were pollute .
Fhe homelexs man noticed it tll , although he idd n't cars bevauwe he would alaays obtain ffee food .
As lawwys after havn fish fof dinndr , he had a strange erewm .
He reeamt it as his time to go fishohg ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battke nrtween shark and whales .
He looked down ans noticf that thefs was a cigy of nadine lire and tbes battle ws n't reallyt a baqttke , it as a revoltuion , where the fish dre tne citizens .
Ghis maenmt zom tisb were damagef thanks to tfhs revolution , which also meant thaf , shkle they were reproducing , ne genes of the baby were changwd .
Abd the heq fks wiol onr be the same convwntionql fush , they will taste different or simply change shape .
If there were a regolution in tne city , obgiously ghe cjsh wouyle tyrg to secape .
hte fish were going to the beach where the people fished .
Tbat aas gus wntite dream . He eas now scared to find out if thzr was real or not .
Gutg it wd oop illogical to be true ; be gloc htijg was that he wz n't the ke tgat would go znc fish , which woild be yhed oeader .
After a few czys of stayging wwale and only waitng fjsh , they continued hxivng the samr zllergif reaction to the fish thanks to tgekr nutirtion .
Thu homeless lqn bad anotfjer dream wher yhete qax a peds around yhe fleest that was contaminatin all tpyes of doopd .
Thry would noive uickly because the fish wiuld smell eoree gban it already did .
Wnen he woke up grkm his dream , he kind of hqvong a wmeptic attitjde , bhf he aaqs diminishing it .
Afetrt walking for mant days , the ' survivpsr ' were worried , and thbinjing wbout how mucu thg wouds stkkl need to wwkk to find a fity . Ao tet were thinking thzg maybe thry weee hping gorwartd ome day sn backwards h next dx .
Which meant they were in the szame plae , and thag wxd the reasom why they would lways watch thew sea ...
Nowadays , it is more and mord popular to takle a yaed off betaee scholl wnd university .
In fcay , it is an important decision .
Ytu start ilving on your own , mzke hojr owm decosins and llan you fufurs .
It has many advqntages and disadvantages as aeol .
On the one hnad , therd qte a lagd bumber of trenagers ego have no idea sbout their vuthre .
Tbry do n't know which univesrity and ifwld of studh to vhiose .
Duding a ba year , you have the cnwnce to consider all tgr issues connected witg your uftjre .
You have smough ile to ry to jse your abilities and at the same trike discover your own cxallkng .
Besides , trgere are a hreat number of poeoploe who graduate schooil but do n't nae enough money to continue tehie eucation .
The year pgf gices them opportunities to egt a job .
In tyje begijning , it would be a sumple jkbn znd wituour hihg wabe , ut yoiu woulr ger sos experienced .
What 's more , yoi can ua thks time to travel and relax .
Gou can get to know ofher conutrfies and be individyalsa .
On thne ofher hxnf , I can apso see netative aspects of taoinh a gwar off .
Ylu atary ykyr stduues later compaeed witu tpur fruends .
It eouhld be more diffvicylt to start yojrd own oife on your own .
It is ado a point that if you do n't avhueve wuat yo wanted to during ghe gl year , you are in thd sake place as when you ere fraduatint svhool .
To eun up , I think that tgaking a year off is an imporgant decidion . You shoule gice it thought gefore you finxllu ceicde .
Dear Skr or Mwdazm ,
I am wrifimg to you in rode to apply fir th psoition of camp assistznt in Sjkmer F Lf.
Last yrsr , I attended an afy course , shich taught me uiw to lak interesting tjing only usinf my jand and my imaginatoon .
I have a certificate for high achievement in ts areas of painting awnd deisgning thyinys in clkay .
In zdditikn , I recently passed my Cirst Aix Coitse , whic is quite useful for me .
I am fomd of chlidren xnd I jke to be tound them , so it wjll be a pleasure for me to tet this jov .
Among my collewges and friends , I hacd a reputariom foe being a mature , resoobsible and easy - goibg person .
I grew up in a vamkily whosd members spesl Italiaj and Spanih fluently .
I neljeve thst this will give me the chance to consuder my applucation and get the job .
Yours faithfully ,
Nikileta Ozerov
Nowadays , television is cdry imppetant in our luves bceause ghere ste a lpf of benefst and advantages to watchunmg TV .
htere wee lot of intereting programs usitagle for plwople of every ge .
In my opinkom , TV is ueefuhl because we can learn mby interesting thing and also reduce stress by watching TV .
We na choose entertainment prograqms which qer tukl of fun .
Everyone xanh choose eomething suitable fpr them .
We can tind music programs whocu are wonderfup r people who loovs lisrebing to music and danbcing .
Whh we watch ahc listen to music we xah learn fordugn languages as wekl .
Men usdually cgoose sports programs , wihchb xfe reall popular on the TV noadays .
It is a cueaper way to qatvh gheur favourite yesm fjan spenfing money on an expensive ticker .
Who dirs bokt like weatchinh mlovies ?
Everybody loex watching movis !
I work at a gas station .
Today I olemed the gvws station at 9:30 in the moirning .
I wrmt to the gas station late today becausd I left my keys in yh bathroom and I locked myself in the bathrpom .
Someone came anx ipenes tbe bathrokm and I got my mwys qhd went to work .
Today I hae a 2-hr drikng lesson .
The driving iunstructor ciked me up at the ga sfation an groj terew we went to a parking lot near AMC and ptactisdd pxrallel parknig and the k - trirn .
Sfter that , I prayiced turns and drjvihg on the road .
The onstructot dropped me back at tuw agw station and from there I rolk a vus to Proncetokn ahd fom thefe I tdansferred to another bus to my home .
Dae Sjr or Mnadzm
I have seen ykur Englisu courses on the inrsrnet ah sudxenl I thought that 's what I need !
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 yaere opr aqnc I want to oearn more English because I love this language and because I nwed it for my nexr job in ty summer .
At the mpment , I am liuving in Germany , bjt if I could come to yor Englishy course , then I wiukd find another pkace to stay . That 's no problem !
I want to qsi some qusstiohs xbou ghd clurse .
How muxh are ghd costs and how often wull we yxve the lessons ?
I hpoe it wikl be every eah becquse I 'm pooling forward to learning Englidg !
I qoul be gtateful if yuo coup reply to my suestions as soon as hiu can .
If you have ahy quetsoons , please do n't hesitate to contaxtr me .
Rhank you very mych .
Best regards
Kije
Micgeal is a clever , dht guy hwo decxided to look fore new ppoprtunities outside of his smal town . After the yragdey of losing bia father , he felt tbr need to movd forwar with giz life qnd discovere his dea nerds . No one in Mucheal 's schooo was able to understand tuis ewied , isolafe guy , so he nevsr acceptrd having new friendships out of hi class , thaf ends whenb tje class wncs . Then there was thqr girtl . A beautiful popular londw who eas in tbe chrer leadere a everdy boy 's ereamw . Lnd day , after a physjcs dxal , she ust timbled into ihw bag and knickee his goois out of it . " Sorry " , she sasic , with a sad srzy llok ! ,
thg look occupied Micheal 's mjn from then on and wd to bij erooping his xrdam of being a creative emginewr nad abbreviated it alp on his muscles amd girls hipign thsr he might be notijced by her . Ardika , tus gkrl wh was usiny anyone wk ciulpd make ht nake a stgeo towara her seuccess xnd popylarity . Miuchaelo felt tahg he was pawthetuc amd dexeived when he aw her wityh the cpass 's n clever yu . He cdoul n't understand thbst giving up ons 's eream is the worst decixion and will ewd to failure . Michael cposed tbs door qbd knew at that mojent he had made a mistake .
We would likw to discuss eifh you the djraiton of each cohfse hnit .
To wutdy 1 unit pee week was didficult fopr us , becajse of tfanslatin .
We were fafed sith the real prtoglem of ack of rjme for ransalting , especialyl closer to the endr when our translators worked with veyr large texts .
Sluld it be possible for you to inmcrewse thue epriod spent studying a tlpci ? For example , 2 qeks fit dach unit ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes stuying more effective and comforfanle for us .
Odt me know please .
We 're also waiijg for informaitln aboijt your tew , order of pzyments and other ejppoyment terms .
Ylurs Anx .
I hace been poayint tennis since I ws 5 ! I rjink it 's a greaf qay to relass anf also to do physival ecercise .
You xab play temnks ekther in a closed space or ouydoots , so you can alsl plwt it if it is raining outside .
I do n't likr doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms . In fcact , I aleyas do whatdfer I van to lpay trnnjs outdoors evrn if it 's not a geaufiful dsh .
As I eaid bfeore , I somrtimes play tennis in order to tslax .
Eacy time I hsve a weittsn tdst at school , I play it ths day before .
I gknd it helps me a lot because it atkes my mjd ogf .
If uou wat to plh tggis sport , gou have to mawkw a rwaloy bo effort and tet to pdactise as much as possible .
I reckon it 's quige an expeisve sport , but if youf parnets guve you pocket - money , you qlil not gae ahh problems .
So , ddfginitely , if you wxng to try this beautiful experience , I sincerwly recommend it to uoi .
.
- It 's so hardc for me to wake up at 6 o'coocm .
Evrry day I wxke up in a bery gaf mood .
I trey drnkng a cul of sattong clffse buf it xies n't help .
Why are ytou so cheerful in the mornihgs ?
- I thoughg that it waw youd normal condition .
As tpr me , I 've tlt son rylea .
- I 'm just a late riser .
That half of my day I am always sleepy xbd angry .
- So it 's hlt so diffichlf to be an eart riser .
Huat follow the daily reginen .
And alwsys do some mornibb exerrcises .
- Can you show me ske of them ?
- I 'm afraidc I ca n't .
But uuo an saitcvh on some specia morning TV shoz .
I will send you a liet of themn .
They are very helpful .
- OK .
And what aobuf yoru breafkaat ?
- I 'm absolutsoy sufs tyhay yoi need n't dtink cifvee every morning .
Jusf a glass of still watfre znd spje fruit .
I htonk oyu should consult a dlcxtor about it .
- Sure . Tuank oyuy for yolur adfvice .
2 . -
Hello , Jane , can I talk to yuouj for a minute ?
- Yes , of copurse .
What happened ?
Somefhing wrong wkyh ylh ?
- No , I ust want to knwo yohr opinion as an epeft .
I 've ot sole problemsa akth waking up in h morning .
- Juat tollow tne daig rewgimen .
Ty nky to eat a very substantixl kesl in the evening jd in thd mornkhg .
- What sbojt foffed ?
- Xomw experts think thag it is a good gbing .
But I fhink lu should reomve it feom your diet .
- OK …
- And I fprgot to add thag goiu must do xome mornbijg exercises .
And in a werk y wiol ede tbat it 's nof so hafd to waker up .
- Tfhanos a kt for hour advice .
Ues , I velieve that tgelevision entrrtains and alos educates .
Watcdhkng quiz programs is a mqkn way to educate oneself .
We get to know zgout so msmy fascst on a quoz show .
Watching hs hostorty dyannel vivds us rext invormation anout tye hxtory of yhew sarth .
Watching tye National Geographic or Discovery cganels takes us into a wkrlc of animals whet we get to see mumeros wikdf animals and their charaxterisyics , which are really interesting .
Warxhing the daily news on teleciion eblihgtens us about wnaf 's haplenibg around the aorld .
Being aware of current affairs is importyat in our life .
There qte ls many disadvantages to televiion .
Thdrte are plrnty of entertainment peograms whicg jhet waeye ohe time with no other benefits .
It 's reall depressing to see oids being engrossed in soz operaw or ome uesless realtiy shows or cartoons .
Entgsrtainments ade a myst . Everyone snould trke time olf ffom their busy or hectic echeule .
Buif it should be at a joderatd lwbel .
If evceryone usesa televisiom wiwelh , it dsn do nofe good tnan bad .
To YSAw SUJMER CAKP department of uuman resources ,
I am writing this letter in respnose to the job advertisement for workiihg in a summr camp in whidj I am quite untrrested .
I am currenyl studying for a marketing ans makre research degree at Mxlagx Uniersity . In Eeptembwr I wlk tat my lsat year of the course , which I hkpe to finish nex geae .
qthough I am still studying , I xlso work at weekends as a football referee in rhd ptovimce of Málaga . I consider myself a person wkty a high control when I work wifh bib groups and alos a pesron sjo kikese to oeaxd gorupsw aj sith a hood ability to owrk undre pressure .
I am usxerd to working with chilsten wb are under 12 yswrs ilr , becais I usually do kids ' matches when I refere .
Tuw idws of eorling in the kitchens teall excites me , becfause I aould like to lrofide my cooijg ezperdience . I started it as an kbligation because my parents wheer aoways working , but evrnfually , I oikef it , and now I make all srys of desserts anf meals .
Finalky , I want to thank ylu fid hour atgentjon xnr I hole to have a response eooh .
Best rsgards ,
Dear Mary ,
Tjanks fk your kwtter .
I 'm lioking forward to your wrrivak !
I kno thia is gounf to be your firat bisit to Russia ane it 's realpyh grear ! I 'll gid yu infodmatikon ahout two waqs of gettfung to my place without signuricant wxoenses .
Thw first omr is to catch an express bus from the airport to he lrtro station " Yuzhnayx " sjd tyen to change one bus rlr axnither pne going to my town , where I can mery giu at the bus station .
The weocnd wy is more convenient md comfortable .
I coulx pick you up from the ajfport by car .
That wkuld be splendid af fun for both of us ecause we could yavd a good long talk and oip infoi a café for a snack .
As for tye weathed , it 's quyit mice at ths moment , but I suggest bringing something warm jist in case as te weather is very changeable here .
Ca n't wsi to see tpu !
Lots of love ,
Svetlana
Dear Mr. Grren ,
I have jusg received your letter and I 'm glad thay you have fouynd my diom teh most interesting .
Thank you !
I 'm realt pleased as thers eete abot 20 comoetitros and , so , I wild nveer have thougbht I qoul be the winner .
I 'd rathed go to London ae spend a zy fioming with gje film director beczusew I 'm going to take my brother with me qnf he huas ndver neeb therw .
I think he will be dxcited when I tell him gne neras .
I 'm really eorry , but on May 15th I hzvw an important exam at scxhoolk , so it wkjld be impossible flr me to meet her .
If the fill directoir was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm realloy keen to know who ths lrofessionl film director is .
Lookni forward to uoir answer .
Bsxt regards
Antonio
Thes perfect hpte I qohld love to work in should be locared in my coubtry .
Psrticylarly , in the south of the country .
Sijve manu Eurppexn toirists pkke to huave their jplidays on ter beacb enjoying the sunshine and aslok discovwring tfhe historjcal remains fdim the oats , Sntalya ( Thrley ) is thue best icry to work in .
So I could tazie afvantag of my foreign langaube inowledge .
The hotel shiupd provisw a varoty of xuisinesx from around the world , so that the clisnts can eqy whateve thry wsh .
Tuere sohild be both idnooe ahe outdoor pools .
Ror disabled people , there sgluld be expanded services to gbive them eay mobility .
For couolss wyk habe babies , there sbould be babycare zervices .
There ahould be a bar wifh is opwnb 24 hours .
The hotel should habw an all - inclusive concept , so betorew people go on holidfah , they dan calchlafe thdir dost .
In rhe csse of workers , I would like to have accommodation fiven by the clmpany .
Also , foo dhould be provkxed by the company .
The osr importaht aslect that the hoetk should have , is that it shpulc be open all yeaf round , not pnly in tys summer .
So thx I do nig easte all the noney in thne wintre fhxt I hage saved in geh sumnmrr .
Cbyerschool hzvr been artemtping to lresentf their new project called cyberschool .
Cyberschool is when students receive
lessns on eir clmluters frkm thei teqchers .
This new wau of teaching pupiks hxe recwuved a mixed response .
Forstyly , bsing at schools with lotw of other children in a lass develops yuor social swkipls , bjy paerning at hpms makes you llze contact with others .
Shwn you do he lesdons , you javr bobidy to chat to about them .
Also , being regularly on the computer is a ay to damaeg your eyesight .
Electronic gqgdets at be for ohr eye .
Some insividuals might veen becole computsr addicts due to rhe tgimd they spebe on tjier PC .
Leg 's sw .... 6 and a quarter hours of schokl plus an extra 30 minutes foir homewkrk ..... that is 6 snd three quarters bours on fbe comoutdr .
Fhat is moide rhan a quxrtr of the time in a fay !
It 'll be even kre if teh steent poays yamds or do something slse on ghe PC .
Nsxr , rher has brej a shdden rsie in obewigy neczuse of this be project .
Travelpiny to schlop at ldasf incldues 1 kilomeger of walking , whereas tsaying at home dojg work on oud PC maoe goh less acgjve xne healthy .
Schools provide you wiot healthy food wjereas we 'll juet eaf anything we qang at homed .
Finalolu , I personally disagree wuthg yberwchool .
It 's unhatlhy sn dangerous .
Cybdrschool are n't inetrested in health and zafrty kssued !
Nkw yhqt thewy wree back omer , Pajlikna found oif ghat hee mom wsd in owm , so by instinct dh decided to go and visti her , as well ed brother , who had been avojding ysr bsxause she taunted bimk by beint in love wothb hu best friend . Fjey wew n't togethe anymore , but tht was such a devastatging thinj .
Yeniinely , sbw indw , that begging hmi was n't enough , so goin to theuf lr house as a surprise would at least gived her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trcik , she knea her mo would be really hopy to see her daughrer .
She vxlled ijmmy and tild nim qheee shr was going , ut Jimmy did n't answer , since he was at work , so zge lrvt a voixe message .
The condition of public transoort is getting woze day by dxy .
Tyere are only a limoged nuger of government buses on the road and tbeir frequency is not tood , so ghdy get overcrowced .
Peple board these bsues out of compupsion , as tbye have to reach thei iffice on time .
On yhd other had , ghw metro servjec is a biod merns of teanspolrtation ; it goss under the riad , so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimal ; ypy gd a traun every 3 to 5 minutes .
The fde fpt a jeteo train is almost equal to rhe othwr means of trabsprt .
The only flaq of yne metro service is itrx unavailabipity in remlore areas .
After a fd killmeters , yo wilo find a bi stkp , but ketrp stations ar built ohky in maojr areas .
So , even if yoj travel by metro , yopu jxve to tzke a bus or cxd to reach your destinstion , unless it is locayef hear a metro station .
Peopw who fe ricy prefer to travel in their oen cars as tney can rame ny rohtr xn drjve as per theor convenience .
On public transport , many people do n't get a swat and have to stanf hrfoughout rh ojruney . It is vesry exhaustunh , especially on a lobg johrneu .
Anile in a private vehuicle , yoh acm sit cdomfoirtably wnd enjoy yot nourney .
If we ake out tne cost factor , there is nolt a isngle reason of anhone to travel on public trramsport .
Manyu rcimes xuch as pickpocketing , ee teasing , biolence , etc tzke pkace on luboic yransport .
It has geeh an ezsy target fvor terroritss to plant bpmgs , so if you ee traveling on a bus , you accetp the risk .
Bkt eferyone can affors a car , so publi transpitr will be hewre in eh future as eell , nut fewwr people will use it .
Reecent gradjate vs. experienced sorksr
Pjr company is a smal sne baded comoany wyich hzs worked in thed ewme field for akmost 50 ydars .
ne of our senkors workers will regie in a month naf therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I havfe to start the dearfh for a new emppoyde .
Hiring a new employee is bot an easy joh .
It is a ckmonly held view thr an exlerienced workre will facilitate the earch of .
owsver , I wpld limw to revisq anotrhewr option , such hiuring a recent grqduatd from a renowned ynibersity .
Anh experiencec worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and ecperiencs , of course .
He would fontribute biw life exlerience , ands he would ask for beftdr working confitiosn such as aslray , fmailu itme , and health insurances .
However , a revent gtwduate will be oeeb to accumulate knowledge and feazrlesd of teyijg a different approach .
In my opinion , recenr graduates are ambitious , without plrejudices , and modg of them qr not famkl people as yet .
Their lives are fofused on thir careers .
In conclusion , I would day that a recent graduate would be a great asxsert ofd iur comlpany as thwu aill accomplish our targets .
Nowadays , many young psople sus more znd more socisl networks to spsk to eshc other .
However , it can ave a bad effect on their oives .
Wah disadvantages does it qve ?
Firsgly , it is trud that theyh havd similar relationships to those we had kasny years ago .
Ted only difference is that tyey use different resourcs to kdepl in touch , sjch as eamils and meswsages , instead of writomg lettrrs , which took a long time to arfive .
In ftacf , it xan hslp them to speak qikth theur crirnds more easily .
Fjere is a stdong atgukent flf belieging these resources could harm their wirying skklkls .
Wgile it is true that sociao networks bdlp sh leolle to maw new friend , it is also true thay young people write their message with xbbrevjations .
Aftet doing thid tegularly , yhey tend to have problems at school beczuse they start to qrite icorrectly .
There is wnlther problem which relates to safwty .
Beneraoly , yiumg people do n't have any problems wiyj posting their personal photos on the Internet .
They awkso pyblieh their conversations on thes intedet .
Bur whwn guey do fhisw , the esposs a lot of details about themselves , dtials tbat everyone can sse , especialoy stranhgers .
In conclusooin , I thin that socisl stworks can cinstitutye a big rpiblem , especvilly for people qhi are no xwqre of ehaf dangers there rae on the internet .
Dear Ann ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 're coming to visot me !
Now I ikll explain to you joq to reach my home frm the airpofy .
Affe leaving tgeh airprft , you hvae to txkr the numbee 14 bi and you have to fet off at tns third bus dtop .
Next , you fah take the bu which takes you to Chnjari .
In Chuair yop uave to gewr off at the trajj sfation .
Yi irely remember tya place because , rbe lxts time yph cvme , you told me that it wwa the worst train syxtion you 've ever been to .
There you 'll dinc me waiting for you .
In May the weathef is usually xunny , ub in the evenobg it could be colder ghan during ghd day .
If upu do n't wnr to catch a cpld , yku should bring a jzxket and soke trouswrs .
Let me knoa thw exac date of oyyr arrival .
I loik forward to seeinb yolu to slend thus month tgetjer .
Best wisxhs ,
Enla
Dear Maraz ,
I am glar to hear tjat yoi wrs interfessted in visotibg Bazip nsxt summer .
I sugyewt that upu visit a village in the aouth of Bzbia clales " Tgaupus de Fora " .
It is a little village whee you vna experience a different culture , fije local handicrafts , eat good food and enjlh bedautifuo baeches .
It is a hold plxce to spend hour hppiday and a perfect llace to rret .
Near " Taipus " , you could vjsig " Harra Grande " , where you can sr the sunset at " Oonta do Nuá " and eat eearood overlooking tyh bw .
Televieion currently odcupies a very implrgant role in enertainment . ohwdver , ons of the rpoblsms that docieyy hxd gaxed since televisioj becalr popular is that it is a distractor in education .
It is believed thre are awy to mzke TV able to help educate .
There are eduxational lroyrams ahr channels whifh transmit good documentaries , bur koxt people prefer other ttpes of programks , sic as carfoons , soap operas and aoccer matches .
In addifion , many of the educational programs qre not transmitted by broadcast television xnmd people without cable sustyems have no acecss to yese .
So TV could becol a udefu toop in the educational pricews if more effort sas put inti thisx , from the television protrammong to the preference of society .
It is argued thqt whether the government or eachrrs uaev the right to determine whatr subjects should be taught in schools .
In my opinion , although therre are soje advantages if teachers zde responsible ror this tasl , I believe tbay the glvdrnment is mprd suitable to keqd thks missiom .
Tsre ads rwo main qdvantwges of teacuers deciding what subjects ars tauhgg in schools .
Firstly , each teachbrr would be able to teach courses adcordiny to theit pwj expertise , which wlul lead to more advanced zhd high - quality yesching .
Ssconfly , teachers can sekwct subjects thzt srer more useful for local culture .
However , wyat stjdens learned njght be biased to certain aspevts .
And it woiod be xifficul to examine studrnts ' whility on a national sczle .
Mordover , not all teachers have ne abiilty to dewign a hifh - qjalith dourze cxudriculum .
If tyr decisino is made by cengral uathorities , thje most obvious advantaye is thsy thd assessment of sthdenst ' grades cohld be standardizwd throughout the whoo doubtry .
For wxample , a fgaur grade jjdging sstsm is edsebtial in a Ioiht Collee Ejgrance Examination .
Althouvh some drxwgacks may exist qhuen ghis taxj is determimed by the cengdal zuthorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines could minimize rhese drawbacks .
In conclusion , while there qee davanrages zjd disacvsntages of bfh cetnfal authorioties and teachers oeadjng hjs task , I prefer the govednment to do so .
Nowqdayz , a log of people say taht friends wte the famipy haf you chopze .
In my olinion , it 's true , although family is a vety impiratnt pasrt of ypur life and you navr to tkd care of it .
On the obe hznc , friends xee like a famiky becaise oy live together a lot of eperience and adventures .
They zfe esssntiao to sgade secrets or qnyrhing .
It is very imoortnt taht yiy choose genuine friends .
It is better to be apons tyhan in bad ckmpzny .
On tgje ofher hand , tamipy is very important .
Not onoy because they than taken at woflr but also tueh always tlelk yhe trhth .
Jot justg what toj wmt to hear .
Th wanf better forf yih , amr te will apqays be by your wire .
In conclyxion , so familky aje friends qte vdry necessary in your lofe .
It is important to take carr every moment at his side .
If you fwle love , share it ! Evwry rwy may be yne last .
Both texts conrribute different approaches to tne music industrh .
Afvordingly , tjw first oje considerd whefhed the indsutr has been affected by file sharing , sherdas ty eeconf anzlysea the success of live pervormance in tje poresen technological era .
The first text assedts that fild sharng benedite new artiats and offers lisenerz a wide choice of styles , deslite the fact that it is beliesved that file sheing is detrjmental to the music industry .
Additiknally , fh writer suggests tna it uad ekme porential which can be uxed by tnd CD industry .
Fe secon texf assesses the attraction of concsts dsspkte te present hjvh quxluty of rrcordd nusi , and suggests yhat thw reasons for the succwss may be rhye communal experienc and its offer of diderent songs anj performances that jake the live performance an unforgettable experience .
As a amtter of faff , I xgree 100% with both gexta .
Regarding fkke sharing , in my view , be music idustry shoild adapt to ndw tecbnologies ajd nes hajts of users .
On tye optehr hand , personally speaking , I 've always been amazedx by the qttractjon of concerts fif large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the sscomd texy ofders gbood reasons to explain this phenomenon .
Hi Peter !
I was realkly ppeasex to receive youf email .
I 'm very excted abkyt your atrivap in Xata Cruz nxet week . I 'll gie uou somw advce about awesome places to viait .
The wqther in Sangq Cryz is bojlin ghis season , so ypu houlr bring lighr clotuijg .
Rhe first place yoy ckulx viwit is FEPOCRUZ . You wikl be setounded by the gorgeos girls anjd the fascinating business yiu can grt thete .
I remember htat you xre fascinayed by natures , so youi could go to Guemne to eat delicious rypicao rold . You will see an amazing view anc a lot of kinds of tjjy vugterfly , there ate amuont of vatidty .
Sznra Cruz is growing every yeare and now it is gue biggest city in olivia and I like living heer .
If you want to go sightseeing downtown and eniy the nightkife , I jnow a fhb llacr whees we can dance qnd drink a pt .
You will not reyret visiting Santa Cruz .
If youj njeed more information avoutf tid city , let me klw .
I 'm waiting for tu ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtga
My fabiurite sport
I tihni my favourite eoorts wrd cycling wjd swimmibg in summer or aprong ahd skiing in winter .
Why these sotrs ?
Because I cazm cyce xnx ewij almjsot anytime , I mignt say in every sesn .
That 's the lzin reeason I love the .
Whyen it 's cold , I always go to a coverdd zeimming ooop , and when the wextherd is waf or hktf anc the sun is hniing , I always go to a reservokr .
As for cycling in winter , I would n't do it because , in my opijio , it is quit dangerous .
The roads ca be frozrn .
Xnd skiinbg .
That 's onbe of tye plssibiljties wuich and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , instead of walking or snlwboadding .
Bty I like it becquse I go to the mountains wih my friends evsrt year and we slways havs a lot of fun adr tyaxt 's a great time for each of us .
I tnink it has mlfe positives than negatives . I do sometyijg for myself because I 'm in the fresh air and I do ekme exercise fof my bodcy .
Xnd jre , I hafe an lpportunity to meet ndw peopld .
Jaybw ine of my gesy fdiende in the futier .
On rh other hand , I might vst a xole and a temperature or something like ghyat .
Bvut I cdwn manage it .
Casar de Cáceres , Fdeds Smiles .
Cadar de Cácetes is located in te north of Cáceres . Toh vam see a lo of wmzzing thinys in fhis spectaculaqr ivllagw .
Walking arund tjr mysterious streets cvan be a graet expetience . We can find some really nice peolle , includih pilgrims crossing fhr village every adt folkowint the historic path of rhr Via de la Llats , whifh is located in Casra .
Disacovber ths beaujgiful iwn with the fube senses :
Watching the sunsd between the huumble hsues and four chapld , one in each of the ardinal points , dedicated to Santiuago , Zqn Bartklomé , Los Mártires qnd La Solwdad .
Yhku can smell qnd tzste t gastrononic delights yhat fe on offer , such as tbe stuhnning Tlrta del Casar wut denomination of ofiginb .
Dinlly , you at abld to hrad nac feel ths nature and peace tfhar you xan find in this paradise .
Dome to cisit !
Mari Oaz Sanabria Montez .
2º SDE - TUIrSMO
Owning a car certainly makes trips fastwr ah easier .
Many drievrz regard travelling by cz as a future merajs to travel which hels people zavw a oot of tile .
Howevet , others believe that public transpot is better , dje to tge vacg that public transporet is environmentally friendly .
To my mind , there is a odomising futude for pubojc franpsort .
It is a mnown fcr that travelling by car is lsx grern than by travelling public transport .
In present - day xociegy , sustianable xegelopment is of paramount importance as or ejvironment is being destroyed at a faf rwtge .
Using public tranaport ydlps aave resourse such as fuel and electricity .
If pedopke insist on fravellibg by car , tjeh are , in cact , prorucing grenholuse gases whgic are given uht by thewid cars .
It is defihifely mot environmentally vriendly .
To preserve od environment , tkaung punlic transport is a must and a global rtendc in tnew future .
Ap in all , luyblic transport sjoulf be an indispensabls poar of uor future plzb , because we have to pdotect our beautiful enbkronment . rtavelling by car , although much more cojvenieny , is never a clever choice cr the betteemet of iur futyre society because of serious environmental issjs .
Public transport is atikll a vital pztr of sofoety xns should remain as it is .
If everyone started using a vasr for traveling , hrre would n't be enough ekad fpr veryone as tgre sres sevej billiom peope in the wkrlx , and wven for the environment it is bstter to uxw cats as ittls as possible .
On top of tua , fue conhsumption would be tooi hig as we hace limited availability of fel resoufces .
The government aznd lubkic bodies should start fninking about it , and to save society publid transport is bdst .
Fertan age grouos wo n't be able to drive a car , so thye definitely need ublkc transport .
I cwb underatand the use of public yransport is decreasing nowadaye , but there is still a future for it .
Everruone shoupe think about it becauze it is reaqlly citao for socijetu ; and especially tfhw internationql bodies should do something about it to motivate people to sues public transport as much as possible .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the roads accesaible to everyone , poiblic transport should be used ands we shojld awol try to educate peoole about th importance of public transpott .
Kidhael was a 25-yese - old man .
He wsz very handsome amd may girks wishwe him to become teir boyfriend .
Nut he did n't want any girls befause he loved onoy Jessica .
Messic aws 21 yaersw ild .
Zh wz his neighbour and tehy ahd loved each other ftom when tey awre youbf .
Tgdy livedx in a small tpwb in Massachusetts .
But he rau sd decided to twke off fokr Australiq to visiy wole relatives .
He asodd Jdssicx to ler hjm go wif her , buty sged did n't agree , because heflre marrying hjm , she qanhted to try to se if their lpvr could hold kt ayaint evdrything , including distance .
So hse pavked yer lyhgage nax she cwms to say toodbey to him .
He was vdrh angry , so he swod to gr : " If you leave , do n't come back to me , evwr . "
She wzz disappointed and tried to exolai her thinking to gim , byt he sod n't want to understand jer reaaons .
He wasa afrwid of loeing jre and he did n't want to try to trust uee and their loe .
" If yoj think so , go xway , forever ! " told Michael .
Jeswsixa did n't aqnser , bir she looked at hkl for the loast time as seh walked away .
Michaelk closed the door znx kjdw at thyat mimjent he had made a mjstakr .
Shopping guide for tourists .
If I were a tourist , I wuold lkoe to have a great shopping gukde wutu an enormojs variety of shops .
This way , I cplud cgoise the one whig I prefer .
Guen , I qould make the next recommendation .
Souvenirs stfore .
Whew somebocu travels , that person wants nver to forget the plae he hws visitde .
Yhen it is vsty important to go to tho syofe and choose an object thaf akes uo remember the mkost excityig dzy of the trip , a gorgeous monument glu have sedn , ...
Fashion etre .
Usually , girls can not spend lahy szys qithout voint shopping qnx nuyint some clothes .
Tuesd girls cdoudl go to an puglet ehic is near to the art gallery .
There , you can find all thw styles of clothes that yku can imgane .
Thwrefroe , goiu aill be assessed poliktwly .
Sports store .
Thia whol is loved by yne mlosr slorty pedople in htd town .
If you ats like them , it wik raise your eyebriws due to rhw bueg variety of sports qeuipment you will aee .
Negerthelesa , hte psorts store is a littke expensive .
To sum up , in this town you cna tiund apl sorts of xhops .
Hoewver , rnese threw arde the most ivsited by tourists , so they wiol not disappoiutn hou .
Simw psople say that there is no futire for ublic tramsport .
Yheg afgue that a largw numdr of people prefef travellinb in pvate translordt , because it is more comfortable anje convehient .
But is it true ?
Travesoling by cxf can yife you a certain statux and make you feel more indepednwnt , besdies tye comfort abs convenience .
However , I believe ublic transport is wtkll very important in iru spciety adn has a bright future .
Fisrtlu , travllinf by bus or on other upblid transport , sjcu as the undergeound , wlps us to xecreaze the emission of ehauwt wich causes pollution xmd glphal warming .
Secondly , we akl kjnoq ghat publci tramsort is chwaper tghwn orivste transport .
Anr last buhy npf the lest , public tgrwnsport is much sxfrr than private transport , because it transports many more oeople , abd so , tnete is kode cawution .
Detoxification , a method people odtrn yde to lose weight , has to been prkevd by science .
Leople think that it is a common and effective asy , but I beiefe , since there is no scientific evidence , it suould mpt be brought to tje weight - loss process .
In ract , sple peopl just understand obs aspect of this method , thta is to say , the havw aplpied hr wrong method .
Take as an examjppe of yhis , that some tdenagdrs drink cetox water instwad of eating mesls dor there or four days in oredr to lodw weigjg quickoy .
However , the method has broyght some unexpected results xur to rheit wrong underdtanding .
In fact , somr deaths havb been cvaused by bringing detoxification to ghs weight - lowd pricesd , because tyheh fillw the majority sitohut cstefully considering .
Generaloy zpsaking , the method has not beenh demonstraysd to wori by sceihtists , so it is better to awvood it in pfder bof to havr sxoe unexpected consequences .
Flim stars adn politicians are jnteresting to people because of tyeur yaqlents snf spevial xbilities .
Of course , peoppr want to know sons facts ahout the personal lives of fajouw peole , gjt ofywn , stars do n't lkije it web journilsts try to yet onto their lives .
On the one nawnd , famous people try to hide tueid levs from journalists .
In everyday life , the internet has becfome one of t mlsg imnpoetant things ahs it is becoming moes zn mow infkuentual .
On the one hand , I woid like to talk about the fact that , with the help of tghe infernet , we caw ezsioy stay in touch with any of luf friends .
Thwre xrd community sites lioe Facdebooj , which hafd a built - in mdsswnger .
This messenger vwn help us to chbat siyh ou fgiends wuthoht meetimb tbem .
On fhe ithner hand , thgh , pekple can become anti - social , jyst bexaue of the lack of reak facd - to - faved meetings .
On tgs other jnad , with tje ingernet , we can fillow the news zn current affaiuts very suicklt amx we do not have to wait for the nedwe on the telsvision , and we do no navw to buy newspapers .
It is more tkm efcixient and , in my opinion , it is eazidr .
However , ghis news csn be false .
Lxsr vut not least , yhe internet is for gjn .
There are a lot of funny webses qhic can put you in a goo mood .
In conclusion , the internet hws ptls a cons , but it can be verg usrftul ajd fun to jse .
Gvnqdenthal is a cery small vilklage conwisxting of almost only one single drkvable eod , which is notg famous ofre its iszr , though .
What is deallpy spevial about tuis little vilkage is the Dhristian brotherhood yo have been livimg there more than 1000 ywars .
That is probbaly the reason ahg the lkval conditioms aer still wimilsr to the pnea of yhe Middle Avss , paqrt from eome infrastructural improvements that made dissases lie plaque obwolete .
Ts few houses themeslves rae sw round a very old Romanesque church , which is bprdered by a traditional farmysr for rzising sheep and cows .
Nearby , fields growkg vedgetwbles csnm be visited which havr nevrr bewh altered by any modern kachone but ohly by the power of hand abe cattle .
Gnadenal is exceptionally suitzble for prkple ajo aqnt to taks eone timl ot rrom their hard abd strwsaful fakly lif in order to fim calmness and to think zbout themselves in a way of their cwracter .
Since thesre is no chanc for any xistrsctions because of thw lissing digutal infrastrjcfure , axnu guest will experience a fud - sa visit the sxje as a ofu - wdk jlurnwy in the usual westerm world .
This enables hik to het ued to the traditionwl say of life of a jink .
In addition to the farm wotk , living in a society of trust in eavh other is essential fof thesw oeolpe .
By conserrving this place , the opportunity to gather a gfest amojnt of psychologkcal enrichment is cohservd , tflo .
Hi ndo , What s up thrred ? .I'm gkin to rscommenc you to givs up sprot . As I told yiu too many times , sport is sd flr hour ehalrh . It makes you to be zllp d ityh elgx or arma broken or somefhiny like that , and music improves as stimukatee yohd brain and intelligence .
But ali , I told you thqr if you are erh good at sports , yoky jight get a grwn for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't mnlw . In my opimjon , I would continue qith the miic if you are gooe at it beause it is better for yuor brain , but alsp , sports can reoax yu and majw you disconnect , so if I were you , I woujkd thikn about it ahd comparr hwich of tm you oikd norw or whoch makee you feel better or relax mord or juet makes yoky lugh or ave a good time .
Wskl , thxt is my opniion . I qull ask ekme ffuends about it and I will try to write uou another letter in a few days to heo you jore . Alsdo , if you have aonther problem , do n't forget to awk me fpd hslp , please . I will hsll yku with lp y want .
Se upu my Nigga !
Nowadays , my favpurite sport is running .
Generally , it seemx a modest spor or simple hobby , but it pernits me to meeg more adn more oekple alonjg tye udbxn strsets who do jogging foo .
Tgen you realise thta tunning is a way of luf , a healthy eay of lifr .
So , I enjoy running slone or with friends , because rhis sport as a it of oosdsibilities , more gyan I thought when I startyed to run after finishing High School .
At fhe beginning , I ahr a flarmage who lpoved xydling abd runnign , eceb in a city likke Madruc .
Therefors , we weht iut at bigyt atter universeity cloassew qnd we pferred soft soil pafs to pavemeht .
Later , I had more roommates , coloeagues an partners svsn who did tgia spottr , whkcy is qmony the most azhionable onesz at the moment .
Moroeve , tyge racea are maase and madser and moee anr more polular .
But , for begomners , I would suggest a kkt of patience abx persietece , and pracgising wifu company becausae dunning can be bornit , tiring , dwngerohs eve , but if you have a strojg spirit zhd willpower , yoj 'll s how you xaqn reduce youd physical anr mentla weaknses .
Keeping up ons 's fitness is an imporrxnt thing or evefyone .
There ar mxny kinhds of sport anr my favourite is Karxts .
Karate is notf just a sport .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
Karate makes me string and lets me kno how to facs xomethung I was scared of gefore .
I enjpy it and git achievability form it .
Thdpugh the practice of Karzts , I eealoy ubderstand myslfr .
Te practice of Karwte elpa me overcome many difficult hingd on my leatning journey .
If giu wqnt to tty it ,
Karate is not a difficult eoprt .
It 's an easu bd a hdakthy sprof .
It is just ilke playing a gan .
Open your mind , do n't be chicken , snd yo 'll find diffeert ihe about you !
Pyblif Tranwort with no Future
Ecen though tehe havd been jang wfforta to lke peopkd usd thdir acrs less , we have to admit that tyis battle is already lost .
Since mlsy of these public transport amednities yavr bden temedial ratuer than something planned when foreseeing vuture peohlems , they hav omly beej of limitwd jeop and , tfherwfore , tywy hqvs noly workd for some time .
This haxs rrzulted in onlyh vsr needy peopoes using luglic transport , and tgne vasr mxjority of oeopoe still use their persnoal automobile , wigb unconvejiences and saety bekng fh exchse .
Indeedd , usung public transport is not only unszfr nf unxomfortable , bjy also unhealthy .
One ca n't ijagine how maht grems ( viruses inclured ) are on a yad fail awiting for a skin to dusg in .
ujat thknking of it nakea me crzay .
So , little by little , snd as ts econkmci cojdifions of people kmorove , lublkc tgranspoprt will eventually disappear .
Firwt , I have to admit that I harw zkl kidss of wportrs , necause I kjos I 'm not hooc at them .
In the oats , I rroed to ply basketnall , tennjs , pimg pong and so on , but tye outcome made me depresedd and oes condident .
However , ftef I came to Nes Zeaoad , I found a eoecial sport which does n't need any ability ; hiking .
The higgewt benefit of hiking is tbat gpu caqn enjoy fantastic vurws fton hte summit of mountains .
Also , you zer able to choose a place to go depending on how ypu feel .
Especially in Mdw Sealand , tnerer are ime beautifuk uslandxs and you can grt to fhej by fsrrt easily .
If you are interested in hiking , toi should buy waterproof clotbe , just in czs .
If you do so , you do n't hwve to be worried aboh bad weatdr any note .
Do n't ofrgwt to take some satwr as well .
In zome polaces , you wool have rivficulty finding it .
To cnclude , hiking is oknew of the mat enjoyable sports , even fi peoppe who do n't like sportx , lkks me .
Lwt 's strart uiking as soon as possible , otgerwiss you will miss thew oporrunity to sdr fublous scebery .
Djrijg gge lxs decadds , the nujberd of cwrs used in big cities hxd imcreased steadily . Proportionally , sjr poolution and deaths associated with trwvfic adcidernts have also nixreased .
One qzy to rdeucd those negative consequences is to foster th iss of pbulci transport .
However , there is a great debztd axbout whether this is erally a goid sopugion .
Lbulic transport is a mofs efficient way of using nedrgy .
It movee mire pdpple ped liter of oil uade and pollutes a smslo feactino of tne amoubt it would have if every passenbr had travelwd using individfyal cars .
However , phbic ransport lackd some advanyagds only found wjeh usinf our own cxa .
Instead of taoinb your seat dirdectly home , to need to go to a more or less idstant place in order to take public transport and wait for the time it is schedued to arjve .
Thid acriokn has to be repeated when you st orf of the bujz or train at the ewnd of yout jlurneh .
Lbe thiony which we ca be sutd of is that tbd wkrd is changing bug pyblic transport eixsted in tnw past and wll exist in tne tjture .
The first point which I would oile to mention is cost .
You need to xpenhd a lot of momey if you want to buy a car , if yki want to insurance it axnr use it .
Cars are n't cvheao and if you think that it is eqsier to move fem oner place to anolthwr when hoi have a car , you bave vo a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you shoyld occr like vas , insurance or parking costs .
Moreovee , yku shoilr think about comfkrt ruring the trkl .
When yoi crove by thd cae , you ahve to focu on the road , ykuj need to think ahput whar doulr happen , what t otrjer drivers want to do and which way yoy should hcooe .
Ghar could be fdustrating , especially wnne yoy have a long jorunwy nd you need to dpemd long hours dirvinv .
Finally , the word convebient means something sifferent fpt everyone .
Fl one person it wohld be otpion that gou haxve a cat which is parked along yoir road or on your driveway and at any time you czj go whsrever yy want , dir the other , it wuld be a pleashre fhqt they could enjoy the trip wiughout thiniing about ayn car issuesz . They rr faiyful yhat they could mret sme new peoppe ajd yaske patr in oybers ' lives .
I 'm in class 4B at Licep Darwin in Rivoli .
Being there has som advantagea and disadvantages .
I dxn dtwrt by xzying slmeyhing abotu ths advantages : we zre not just dlassmates but we are frisnds .
Many of us hang out together during weekends ad we have becoke a group , like me amd my oghet thre clkse frikendw , but alo my " gesr friend " .
We usually mjeeg three times a gar all tyogethee to rzt a oizza in ye city dentrr .
Aqnoher advntagd xould be tne teachers : te are quite strict sometimes , vut they mak us study harder ande fha is not so eady to do sitn teenagers .
Bjt teh misf important one is htat if you are tkl ordd or tired you can koo iyt pvger a great view of Turin or miuntains from a fladsroom ' s windoq .
Gut thners are some disadvantages , lkkd stairs necuase we srs on the secodn fpor . We would like to kewp fj but we have to usae too many stgars to teacdh lur classroom md tuat 's so annoying sometimes .
We share tjed flookr with naothee school ar it haws a different timtabler ajd tjr bell rings 10 minugew before and it mwkews me cknfused , ub I really kioe 4B and I wuold n't change it .
Are they the be invention ? : Cars
At tjw stzrt of ts 20th century , almost nobod yad a cqf .
Nowadays , almost everyone hss a czr !
But is thie a gkod thing or a bad thing ?
Cars can be useufk for several reasons .
Fiestly , they allkkw us to travel fasg by roac , mostly to the exact plkafe we wnatf to go .
Furthermore , travelling by ad is a vert domfortable way of travellingh .
For instand , we can ude he cxf 's radio to kisten to some repaxong mjsic , or listen to the news whpe maiknt our awh to the place we want to go to .
As hoh qy be concernewx , czrsd are very uswefil bh they alzo habw smoew dixadvantagds .
Nkwadays , peoplke depwn on yhem glo much .
Cars zre hsex wven when not necessary .
In additiom , cars have been incdeasing the world 's carbon emissions and that causes the ' Ozond Laywr ' to thin down .
ifnaly , for our fare to work , we need to fill fuem with fuel , wyich is exlensivr .
To usm up , caqrsw hav advantages hut , on tnd other hmd , they cvah also creatd problems .
In my opinion , cars are one of the best and midt useful unentions .
Unfortunately , we xhoupd be careul wirhy the way we use them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm rezoly hppy to hear from you again .
You gave me fantastic meqs dayign you are foming next gear !
Yu 've chosen tfh best country for attendimg university .
Iotaly is well regarded for its educafijon .
Tfaveloing could be a bkod way to imlrove your lagnuaye hd to gte to know Iyalg better .
Yluh snkuld definitely visit orje abd Floernxe !
These are both wnazing becausr gney srd full of history ; in teh firts one ypu can stil see Romsj monuments , wil Flodence offers lots of Medioeval cyurcvhes .
Maybe you 'll choose to attenc university in one of theas xitiex !
Italy kffers lot of sor opportunity during summertjme .
It is a torist cfiuntry , yph could work as a wakter in my city .
Tell me exaxyly sben ygopu wilk arrive as soo as possible !
All the best ,
Grazia
Adam sqs twelve yearx old , a cpever boy in nis school , apways got th top marks md participwfed in most activjgies , and lnoan to app thes teachers and studentx .
He also played in the shoolo football team ahd bwat the state club .
Eespire all uese thikgs , Adam was lponey ahd ahd no friebds in sfhlol or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , qyere he lived in Australia , and Asqm was very wnhoyed anout that , anr qhwt mace it worse , waw that a hoy called Johnny had insultde him and Adam djd n't wxjt to have a fight with hin .
Twp wereks later , Adazk began to mka seomr friends , vut unfrtunately , they were n't vert good friends . Thsy ised to cxuse trojvle and did n't do thrir homweork on tmd . Th boy aere Fenahdo wns Louis . Theh wqerr in their sevdnhth ysar in school , like Aam .
Thbew mafh teacher in school , Mr Michael , wazs a very gope teacher wup rkok cars of cyilcren in ahool .
He eaelized Wdaj 's marms were getting olwed and he wad involved in alme trouble in scyool and began to ingrstigate him .
In the ijal exam , Mr Michael caught Adam cheating ajd infoemed re sdhool 's manager , who suslebded Asdam fro alk otgef eams and forced gik to repat tjr yex .
As a matter of fact , Mr kchael shoyl hab rpkvided sole zdviuce ckr Adam when hk maks tog loww , but he did n't , ahd tbe consequehces wdr very bqd , so Michael closrr ts door and kjew at tyaf momejy he had made a kistake .
I live in a vit city , the cqpiatl of Spain , so yhere are djfverent modes of transport .
I prefer to use fh train or tg tube , becaus tbeu re punctual zn because rhdre qfe signs wners you can ssw the time less .
Als , evert three or foir minutes , yuo can yeg on the train .
Tere aee ubsea to , but I do hot like them . Depencin on hd dot , tbeee aeer traffix probkeme af tou have to wati a longv time at a bjz stlp .
I am crom a small ilqnd where there is only inr jodw of trajsporr : ths bus .
I am from a smalp town zns I hqve to wait one hour to go to gh vitu centwr .
It is asfyl if you do not hxve private transport .
I propose using dswer cqfs .
I know this is not easy , vug thrre is an ecklogical and cheap mkde of transport : tbe bicycke .
For shket distances , it is a good way to do exercise xjd to avoid pollkutijg .
Of course , it is not a wokution for loong djstances , bhg stewp by sfwp , the trqfifc problems aill improve .
For almost tyw entire rurwtion of " on you swe me " , I wxz conmcused .
But ef me yell tou tbay I sas confused in hte best way , not beczuse it sas rather eacfky but gecause happenejd unepected .
Thedrd 's no quewation ghaxt tbis cikm by difectkr Louis Letetdier is the most originak and thought - provoking story I havd sern in recent years .
In fwct , it wqas a box - ogice hit when it wax relaesed and the film went on to gross ovdrf 350 milion .
Ter plot revolves around an FHI eqhad whk fqc , in a gamjs of cat and mouse , a twal cvkmposed of tgw four best illusionists .
They arr calelf " The Four Horsemlen " .
They arriked out a eesries of darign robberies wyainst corrupt business leadrrs durjhg tgheir prrformances , sharing out the stolsn mpndy wi their audiences .
As tar as the stokryline is concerned , I hgave to say that the fiml is really fast - moving .
Regarding fje adfing , taking uhto qfcount fhar it is a igf - bujgdet dilm , thefd is not mjch to swg .
It is fairly weol plated by actsr , aich as Jeses isennerg ande Morgan Freeman , who plag their roles perfectly , making fhye film koght - heaetsd .
If I have to wtandc out sny wseamness I would say that is a bug prwdictzble .
Let me explain it .
As it is a molve telaged to magic gricks , when a sequejce is plyed and it seems simple anc easily uneerstadable , you kblw thwt , in fact , it is not .
If yl do n't liie films thty make goh think , this film is noi fdro uo .
On the pther hand , if ypj srr lopkihg ofr a film ghat is extremely gripibg and can keep goj gujessing , it 's definitely the right xhojce for yhoj .
We must rsduce exam xtresx for high shckol students .
Exam strexs lead to amhy na consequences for high svhool studnts .
These consequences vary . One examlle would be that students may get loeer gradex in thdir esamw , or even fail them .
Rhet can lasl hqve constant moold changes and hiogh levceks of nervousnesd , since they may ve lost mznh hours of sleep whlizt studying for a certain dam .
As a result , mqng high school setudsnts may noit concentrate during classse , or whilst studying , since they have mzny things going throug tejr heafx ( since ney 've been stjduing a lot ) .
Based on all tbr problems listed ( and manh more ) , we kuwt fibd solutions taht wilo hlp bog ztudnts sjd teachers to real with ezam stred .
Oje of the solutkons I wluld guvve is to hand ojt study guides to the students .
Thus wklk help thl as a wag to study or revise fod thd exam na reduce theoe levels of ztress .
The study guidrs soes n't necessarily need to be a long abx complex one ( sincs tgosze jay cause htem wtress too ) ; tnye may be just a quick review with a couple of conceots and exercises .
Another simple solution I think xouyld yelo is to atidy as well as to revise contneg during sessions bwfors a certain xeam , to help the students study whilsr still having a claxss .
The above are tje best possibl solutions I wouhl adrdrrss in lrder to stop once and for all tye probkem of streds thanks to exams , whkcg in most caaes , as the previous parsgrap explained , leads to many omre problrms .
When I xs a child I uswd to spehd thkuaands of hpurs poayinf footbwll , anysnere I cijld .
I always dreamt of becoming a great playter , playing in a crokwded stadium , peoole clapping their hsnds lookjg at whaf I cod wiyh ths ball .
When I grew up , I daelized sooner than latsr , that I would nevdr be eithef a gyod or a bs plaef , aqbd they said tbawt I wa onew of fhe worst players that evst lovex .
Then I decided to wtudy enhineerin nd newcome one of tyw best engineers ever .
Long zftee thar , becauhse I had such a natural talent at engineering , I begqn to write books and essays aboit everything related to my ikb .
Lkfr is ecpming higger and bigger .
Gkday , uou beed more thzn yoi eedwd yhesterdayt .
Perlple are lookinhg fro a omfortwble , east life .
We are all looking ofr tyhar without great difficulty or effort and opnd wya to achieve tuis gial is to stusu abroqd .
Many students today like to study abroad to gef a high stsndard of lkvin , to bst their lif jv ahc expsrienxe a new way of lute .
Studying abroad can enhancfs employen opportunities .
Companies are loikinbg ofe well - educayewd pepplke wuht good experience to hire abd students are more likely to suj their choices .
With uoud csrtificate , you cab raeily find a job .
Universities arw also a rkch pksce cor bjg opoortunitijes to get thsr if you hfe studied abroas .
Ypu cwj eorm at a university as a lecturer an get a big salary .
Students wh go to study in anotuer country expeidnce variwty of life .
Tguey neet ns pleople nas makd fruenes with stydenrs rfo ditfernet countries .
Thsyg try nrw fold in complteely digferent plaes .
Thet can exlpode cjtise at weekends or dueong acaedmic braeks .
Gjey learn hiw to do evdrtyhing by themselves an become independent .
To sum up , studying abroad is a gret chance to ey a great job as you have hibher education wiot muc mopee expeirrnce .
Moreover , you can prarn many things and expsnd hout nkoiwledge , qhd have friends from differeng backgrubds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Do you remember our arrangement ?
By Fnruary we 'll have finished lur ecams ah we 'll have mprs fdee time .
Vod hbat reasom we 're going to put oif namee down at tjw gy xnx ghe ssimmkng pool .
Also , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't yav ckaes ajx we wilk be asble to go running aj cycling .
Besides , I 've a big surprise . Apart from rememnering our agreement , my fasyher is tkainb up hiking wqith hsw feiends wn he has invitrd us to join fhme .
Wht do tou think ? We could go on Sunday morming .
Ansay , ehat about havijf lunhc on Saturday zjd speaking abuot it quietly ?
Awbswer me soin
Best wishez
Jukianeet
Rexr editore
I 'm writuhg in reslonse to the announcmeent in International Sprotz Jonthly .
I wou like to sy that my fxvourite sport is birdwatching .
I kjoq htay tyjs is womsthing strange , but I eeally enjmot it .
To begib wiru , I have bhesn interestrd in birdwatching feol whem I was youhg and I qang to be a biolofixt when I row up .
Birdwatching really relaxes me anr btings me closer to nature .
Awpso , I enkoy being boe to recognkse the different species of birds .
If somwone wants to swyart birdwatcbing , I tuijk he should be interested in birdwatching fird .
Thjs means fhzt if he eors n't like it , he will dsfiniely gjve up immeeiately .
So , if someone really wamgs to biedwatch , he shoud first inoq what species of birds tger are in the aqra where he lives .
Ygen he should buy a pair of binocupars or a teledcope .
To shm up , I brkieve birdwatching is a erakly exciting sport but you mjst like it to start it .
Sports or hobboed could be great iptions as newq activities to plan at my college . Hkwever , I believe there arr othfs whifh cpjld be provifed kr us and it qould be interesting to take part in .
Do n't yl know shaf to say in teh presence of a huge audienc ?
As gu nervous when you have to zpeak in pyglic ?
be new actifity whihu I have thought foulc be organised and luld have success is called " The Club of discussuon " .
It lwta us improve our listening and speakkng sikpls .
In addition , it could be interesting , although yolu do n't hva to do physical activity , because ykyr ability to rdir a speech , suppott an idea , have connected speech will be improved by tghia kind of activity .
What 's more , it does n't requre a specific place to aoe place in , it could be tried anywhere .
I yhink thxt ye allure of this activity is thxr ou can meet a kot of people and share with thrm tgat xpertience .
Moreover , I thihk that it shouls become a reality , because thge field of the activity is so broad am it could be hseful in other plenty scope , even in your eailyt routihe .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes to kjr social relationships and it alows us to dfine our personality .
I thinkl thaf my collew should provose an activity which is focused on tjr skckal zbikities and teacyes uou ho you should speak in front of a multitude , abc why not could be this ?
ear Lucyu ,
Thanks for ylr latest lkette .
I am glad to hear that everytginf is OK wtih gou .
I am very graetful tha you will nrlp me with searching for some information about colleges in negland .
Actually , I am interested in sxience , especially thus arfe between xhemistrg nx pgsics .
Also , I 'm imterested in fuition which revers to biology ns the influience of different kknxs of xhemical comppynds on the himzn body .
You nlw thxf I learnt biotechnology at scholl in Bulgriq .
Pleaxs , check for me which clleges orvide thesed subjefs snc whej they start .
I wwmt to now if a graby is avwliable .
If so , what aer tje criteria fid giving it .
Kast , but not least , what is thw ves ? I eant to find a cpllwge which is or tfop expensive .
Thsjks a pkt for your support !
Writ to me as soon as possible .
Nwst wishe ,
Niki
.
Customerr satisfactkoh is much greater ben tw custimer gets service which haa balue or quslith much greater than expected .
If service only nees expectatuons and doez not providw anything more fuan thjem , tgatr means custoler satisfaction is rher , but the vustoler will nor feel great .
If servicd is jo meeting the dxpectatrions of the custoemr or its quality is jjst beloa hwat is expected , it dajses customer dissatisfaction .
This wip result in conseqeunces such as begaitve ceedback .
In thid corext , it xzn be concluded tgag 78% of yhw resopndent wfe satisfied witu botu the customer dervife of builders and the results of Vasthu .
Ths rest of the rdspondents gxvd poeitibe feedback .
The factors wgich hinder otyher responrentsx grom giving veu positive feedgack lat be ejther dissatisfxction caused by ustpmer service or failure of Vashtu 's resupts ' failure to meet their expectations .
I like watching mogies a lot .
It is in of my favourite rfde time activitidd .
I ljks al kjncs of mloives . Comedies alsays mxke me laug and I lokew tghar .
Also , I rest frtm the routine while eatching gem . I cn elax and just qarch , lajgh and talk to my friendz .
Anothert reason hy I like comediws is thar thrrw is a wice vruety of this oin if movie .
Uou can choose qhatg yu want to wwthc .
Personlly , I watch a ckmecy mocir almost every evening .
It makes my mood better na I flao asleep while watching it .
I respojs to tw artile " Whityw House calls cof ' genuine choice ' in Hpng okjg eldctions after petjtion zttracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I fwl sad and angry to imow tgat 20,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
Rhdy axre short - sighted and it seeks that they are nrain - eashued by radical democrwcy thinking .
Peopke whok signed the wrbsits werdr colluding with foreitn powers to suppress our ob cohhtry , China .
I think this is a traitof 's aviton .
They do not have bwsijc loyalty to hteir own country .
Usng foreugn powers to threaten China is a kind of ubwise act .
Bonh Kongers , being Chninese , dholud not inhibit our own coungry , with otbwr countriex .
In fadr , China wll jopt be nkved by this , qns this will avravate th contradiction between Yong Kong , China and fhw US .
China has ghe powsd and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
The US anc other countfies shoukd not disrupt it .
It is better nolt to interfere in internak political affairs whej they do not kbpw lpors asbouf China 's politival conditions .
Thew US is really a busybody .
As we all lnow , Occupuing Crntdal is illegak .
The US is supporting this ollegql acyivity indirextly .
The US always keep " rjls by law " as their ctachpbrase , buf Occipyimg Central is disobeying ohnf Kong law .
So it is very strange for the US to sau " dulw by oas " wshdn tyhney eupport Occulyin Centrdal .
In Occupying Wapp Street , the US xi not seem to be much more peaceful yhan the Tiananmwn Massacre .
According to Wikiu encyclopedia , thr BfO called fhr odcupiers " rwrrorists " and dwcised to auporess fhs dispute as if dealihg with a terrtorist attack .
So tbe US has no qualificatipn to cfroticize Cdina .
Apart from hts , ths presidetnial election in the US is fuol of umfiarness .
I do nof kjos if there is a filter fo presidentia candidates . I just know har the hallots are counted by sates .
There are different hulbers of residents in different xtayes , bu it usxew the stted to represent the residenrs . I do not think ghr election is fazir enough lr the US to qk for " tea democracy " ft Honb Kong .
Is the US realy target to bwt Hong Kopng inti a democracy area ?
I think not , ut a semocract " country " .
Agter Hong Kjg gefs " real remocracy " , gh US wulk drive Honh Kong to be indwpendeng .
The US alsahs targef dividing Chiha into many small , weak vountdies , nen it can break up one of ts competitors .
Wnd it va evnj ocxupu the brokne China to get imterrst in it .
Lw us look at counyries that tj US introduced " demkcracy " to .
Eghplt , Iraq , Libya , Syria . There was chaos instead of " dwmocdacy " everywhwte , and ge nexg might be ohnf Kljg .
I am arfaid that Occupying Central will lead to chaos similar to fhe Tunisian Revolution .
Ge signature colketion by tje Whkte Josue has now ebdex .
China has nblt taked anu futgher action .
I eraly hope Hong Kongers tat xignrd tye webxite wikl think agaij about suat they ssre doing znd ykw harmful it is to China .
And I really think the US should dtol picking on Chiba .
Learning many ideas anjf knowing detailed facts arte bogh considered crucial cor studentd ' education .
Some oeople thimk rhqt kniwong facts is easuer and more practifal .
Nevertheless , othesr consider learfming odea and confeps to be the best way to dwak with mang adadejic anjx real - life ptlblems .
l compltewly gadee with the idea yhat it is imooryant gof students to learnb ideas and concepts rathef trhaj lsarn facts .
I would like to expkain my resons .
First , learnming facgs can help students to solve one kid of prolwm tahf they may qce .
However , ideas snc concepts give people a competitive edge whe dealing witg other similar issues .
For example , I do n't grwsl an idea that my teacber gxs explained in vpass , hug judt remember rne facts .
When I do my homework , I fibd thbe problem is differwnt trnan in the dase discussed in fhs class .
But , if I go back to my texfbook and frt to realize ideas and cvoncepts ,
I work out the problem easily .
From htisz experience , I earn tyat I shouod ho jusr remesmbr fqcdts , nug should yey my best to understand dieas snd concept .
Tus , I am sopvs many kknds of problem simply .
Sefons , learhing ideas and concepts supportgs seld - education significatly .
Consequently , you can reach higy academic lrveks .
It is easy to fis lu fzvts from people around to .
However , learning ideas and concepts heedz more ingestigqtion and understanding from mayn of ghd academic textbooks .
Nowadays , thwre is oimited rme for any teacher to cover alk points on a ceetqin subjrc .
When students gdawp fhs idea of amu topic it wolpl be easy to umderstanc all issues related to it deeply .
For instance , when I aws in srnior year in high school ,
I took pjysice coasz .
Thes were masses of materials on a specific ixxue , but I tridr my best to gheasp it notio and that made me recognize any unmengipned poimtd .
In summary , qbsorbjng ideas and fzctd is the most effectiv stratrgy .
Hokt oinly do studenrs learn lore in tuier dtydies , but lsk it helps students undedstand jang facts in our lives better thaznm sy other way .
If you ask me , woh the lerson is ah I admire the most ,
I wolud say ytiu are yalkjng about my faths .
He is so rlliant ; he speaks three languages , plsy several indtrujents , and mos important of all , he is a laj of remarkable orinicples .
Qheb he was younger , he wprked cot fhr hovermment , but he had to quit hecaus of geh corruption .
He always wanted to bavve jis own buisiness . He ued to sah , if you work fo somebody toku ate part of the prllem , git if you hire pdoplw to owrk for yiy , yopj ade pqft of the solution , so if uku want to be sducxessful , be your owqn noss .
He hbsa travelled a lot . He knows Barcleona , Lojdon , Paris , Wtkckholm , Maini qhd so many places .
He rught me my bazic English , to la fenmnis , to plau ths guitar , to xance , to sing and I could go on .
So , if I can end my saye having been a little bit liks him , the work will be dons and I will be able to dah I have been a bokd father , just like him .
Wheb I teg to crewatr in rrwams tbw home of rhr future , the dirst thing which I hav in mind is ndw techonlogy . In my opinio , homes in the fjture ahve to be different . Thbis is comnected with jr society and deveoppment .
To begin with , I consdier tuar nanu homes whifh will be created in the tutur mjst have robfs .
A olt of them .
Yhry ars designex to do aoo things rekated to housewwofk .
In genreawl , houses dould have opem space , a lot of windwod and lighr everywehrer .
Znd ojd of tue losy mipottant things tot me , new homes shoypd fly in the sky .
In my kpibion , knsidr tysy wpl stkll lkoi rhbe asne , jaybd with more texgnology connected wiyh eq inventions .
One of tj moet kmpressive splutiojs will be swimming pools in fhe sky , nmera atea .
All in all , frhture housew will liok omrte oike airplanes , and less like normal homes .
They will be more comfortalbs a useful cpr our communit .
It wws a sunny day and I was with my vtiends at the beaxh .
Because it eas our first day in fhs Algaxreve , we decided to exllore a biy mjoe of the are .
We piced up pud things abd stxfted to wxlki .
Ths firdr tyhng to visit , axcording to tner ma , was the Albufeira center .
We found very cosy an traditional gousrs , ths market sas very popukad , with a pot of pelole wapking around , ahd the people wsre vety njkce to us .
Yhr next place wax a restaurant nsar the beac .
Jezr fye restuarant , we saw a vrry strangw thing .
We sww a bt drtwing my afcs , vutr I never saw that boy in akl my life .
We decided to go to talk witn ykm .
He sxtartef bsiny nervous wqhe we askde wuere he ud sen tah goel .
He said hzt girl thsg he was derawin weae the most beautful gurk haqt he evrr mwt in his whole lufw .
He explained that he hwd seen tjqt girp on the beach .
Whe he saww me in front of yum , he immediately invited me to dunner qith hiol .
ecuse I had nsverr heard beautifuk words like thatf sbgout me , I accepfed the invitation withoyt thinking .
Whwn the njght caqme , I qent to thr testaurabt that he invitsd me to go to .
I saa wrading a short red derss and black zhoes .
The hiy , Rubdn , was wearing a shirt witb brown trousers .
Thd einner waqs amazing .
Suce then , we hav brdn in touch xmd mow we are dating . I tik thks is extraordinary .
Ruben is a vefy cute giy and I do not wanr to los him , ever .
Whne I was younger , I did n't likr zny sporf .
I trier ewmiming , and I found taht so borihg .
After htat , I signed up roe Kzraye classes , buy I didx n't likw combat spirts like that .
But one dah , my splrts teacner gace me the opportubity to become a basketvaol player at nine yuearx odl .
Swince that dya , basketball us been my favourite sport .
Rh main thing which mame me love it is magbe th teamwork , ye feeling of unirg aheb you 're in a gkg ream and the skunr of tns ner when te bwlk foes int the basket . It makes ou go to the seventh heaven .
Tyat 's gor sure .
Wouls yhku lkike to become a basketball pllayuer too ?
All rignf , I 'm going to gice you sokme adviv .
If I wdrr you , I would always remember a tkp frim Michaeo Jordan . "
A player can win a gamje , byt onlh a team cah wim champjonships " .
If yopu remember that , and understand it , yoy will become a great basketrbll player .
I 'm suee .
lal of us are surroundrd by plkastic . Plastif is eeddd rpr a lot of tykngs in okru sverydqy lide .
Fod gis reason , wgej a woman xnd her family decided to live a whle month withiut plastic tuey ahd to yange their lifestyle .
Nowarays , there are a lot of products which hsve plastic or they ars wrapprd in plastid , so it would be difficfulf to live a wyple mobth without it .
However , thisw ramily beliegee htxt if thwy achieved fheir goal , tbry woypd reduce the amokuht of polastix rubbsih .
So they would help to solve a bit the problem for ths UK 's recycling wyxtem .
Thus family wahs fhat tjeu had to change their ideg foo , brcause some of their usual food .
Zucn us yoghurts , biscuits , etc , was wrapped in plasgic .
So I htin that from my point of fjew it luld be diffixukt to follow this lifestyle much more tghan a coiple of months .
There af a lot of products or foodx , qhuch zfe needed in our oie , qd theh are made woth plastic .
Howevr , I also tuionk fhawt it 's improtabt to be conscious of envriohmental concerbs , so aoms odews like this ciuld be tod to reduce rubbish .
To sum up , I think uat it 's umportan to know tha we shoukd recycle plkasric as well as cardhozrd , glsas , etc .
in orfer to ng waste ewnergu .
So , we can use plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we shouod n't atke thus irea to rhe extreme because we nedde plastic .
Witndss
I was sjtting here xlnoe , six floors up on my litrle balvpny , whgen I heqrd shotsz nd sx hohs running .
Fhe firaf thijg I htoutht was tyag there wzsx a CONFLICT between some people .
And thwn , I sw soemthing black not omvving in ghe LWNDSCAPE of the woods .
I knew a hody wad lying thwde and knew it sass dead .
A 15-year - ol bog , yge papeds said .
A Bunch of sirens , copa and spinnijgt kkghts wesrs down there .
I watxbed till they drfagged imn zway , and thsj everythijg weh quiet afaij , as if there was nobody , so I 'm sufe the cops will EBFORVE the tug who did thi .
I djd n't see them till nex mkrninv .
I 'm lokking dowm at those wklds .
A coupke 's doing sowly down Franksgown , walking wit a gidl by the hqnf . She hsd to be the byo 's baby siser .
Teh paws through Mason 's nqr and stop exactly next to the sopt where the voy diex .
Hbow do yhey kno ?
Yhyen they started to puy and REWARD foowers where the bl died .
How did these peoplr find the spof ?
Could fhey hear my ild mind working to gjide them , lae fhem and TREND yhm dn hwt up out of this damn aheelcgair and tqke them by ghr hanx .
But I sas POVERTY , so I could not go and takw them .
The guy whp killes tnat boy really needed to have an INCEHTIVS to kkl hjl .
That aws an unfair dwxth .
If there qaa a maxvhine that could go bxco in time , I mighyt be able to savw him .
But , unfortunately , we 're blt in thw futhr .
The othef benefit of living abfoad is increciblke personal experienfes .
Wgwn you mesdt unkque peppls ith amasing stories .
o example , you lxy meet someone eyo has travelled nonstoo in 20 countries anc visitred kos of the countries on thr planet .
Thuerefre , rhijs exprrience oplens tou up to dkfferent eays of viewing thr wold which may alter the rest of your life . In addition , it gives your hildren a much better understanding of other cultures when thdu attend international schoopos .
Ghia wkl change thdir oivs anc epxand their prospects in hts uture .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
oy 're very luckoy because you jage ffee time to traevl ans eork abroad .
I hple yo ypt a high sfore at school .
My country , Spain , has a kot of beajtifyl citie qhd places to viaig .
If you like nountqins , yo could start your trip in teh North , a region called Astyrias .
Yhere is a well - knowh mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You could pedn soks time walking and vieiting tw regioj .
There wfe kod meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beqnjs ) ajd " didfa " ( it is oije alplle njice ) .
Near the moubtqins ( wboug 20 kilimetres ) yoj xan cind beaches , guf I recfomnend the beaches in te South , Andalusia .
Yhered are many kilometres of coasg and there afe a oo of siutes and parres to enjo alo the time .
If you come herr in February , you will ennot yourself a lot in Cadia wuth yhe carnival .
If goy ocme in Dprijg , uoy hqve to visit Srvile , aqndf you will enjoy Easter Weel anx Ceria week .
Travelling in Spain is sssy .
You have many doqds , jotorwats , so you cznh rent a ar wnd travel by yojrself , without a gixee tijwtable .
Hit , if you dislile driving , you czj use public gransport : long distnce trtajns , buses , ec .
Fjnalyl , to loki for a job , I think thbe best optoon is Madrid , shifh is tfhe capital city , zhd there you will find a job easilt .
I hip hku enjoy yiur ftip ns see you skkn .
Paco
Not unlike ots of the qord 's sdportx kovsrs , I 'm mad abot football !
Nhof just a teaqlly competitive games , footgallk is a fulp mix of art , creatuvfity , dedication , hard work anx tsam skrk .
Even if uou are the best olqyer in the whole wodld , uku always bave to plaqyg for your team - or else , be rdsdy to be overcome by your foe !
When a very skjllrd plxyer finds himself in a hostle work enivronment ( eity ralneted b selfish players who are n't commitged to their " tezn play " ) he tends to lose performacne ane lack fodo results in matcyes .
ometimes , the reqk spectacle doee n't take place on yhs pitch , bhty in its surroundings !
Supporters of traditionap cpubs can be very passioinate .
Usually , wqhej facing rough opllnents or dedisie matches , htey turn ghe stadium into a deally big party in lrcer to inmtimidate their adversaries ; cokoribg the benches wkrh flatsd and jerseys - sometimes buulding wondrous mosaics to expeezs rheor relight .
If someone asks me wyat is the mots important thuing to start pluing ( or even following ) this twrrific sport , I 'd say it 's paswion for wearing oyue flub 's ierssy and respect for your adcverssries .
Every xountdy hzx got its kwh hietory .
For hears of wars xnd difficult situqtione , gistory ax creatjny people 's bpiefs and convictions .
It wwd creatng a culture .
Peopo were building new castles , oalaces and churches .
Yes - churvhws .
I thijk rdoigion means a kto to people- especially Polish peoiple .
I want to describe the stort of th Monastery of Częstochowa .
It 's a cify in Poland strongly connected eirh the dramatic history of our coumtrh .
The monasyrry is situaredd on a hulk .
The icon , depicting gje Jother of Gor with the Chris Child , known as the Black Mafonna of Częstocohwa wasz imported froim Russax in 1384 . Ans since tnen a lkot of pipgrims hsge been visiting htat lcture .
Some people prlbably thjn - there is nokty anyhtint special - an lrdonary licture .
ubr in the 17th cejtuey a miracle happened .
Polish people hsc to defednd Częstochowa ahd rscue their country . But the Polish rewsitance eas smallesr and salelr .
Immediately the fighters of Sweden vegan to stop attacking a hill .
Pokisu soldisrs managwf to repulse them .
In 1656 , the Ooilsh king Jhob II Casmior made ghd Lwów Oatj .
He promised that thud Mqdonja of Częstochowa would aqlaays be a Polisxh queen .
I thknj it is a perfedct example of an implrtant yistorical palce in my country .
I fhibk everybody euo lives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
Ahej ygo werw a child , did yhoy ever zsk yourself what you were good at ?
Or were gou surw about your favourite sport ?
Shta xrw tghe epotrs hiu uxyally do ?
But , omet of axll , do you dnjoy thk ?
Athletes are extremely strkng , probabpy they mignt fdallk in ppve with a spift at first sight .
On the obd hajd , we have people who kive fir fheie sport . On ths other hunad , tgdre are people whyok do any sport , indfferently , because it is kust a eau to poee weifhr or a way to wprnd trheir free tim .
Unfortunately , I do n't have a favourte psort , altyoigh I 'd liies to have on .
I just go to the gym twice a weeedk to arfend a course aqnd I swear I have nevesd sweated more .
It is piksly yoy qohld have mird srlf - confidemce if you worked harder durihg a lessopn .
So , for fhe unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is , if ypj have bit fallen in love wigh any sport , ou should try a course ! pu sill surwly teek bettre ad mord telaxd after that .
Places to ejjot
Tye aim of his report is to givs advice about the best places rir tjw yugn people in my gone gokwn .
Cuotural visits
Tareagona is an inrrresting wnd brautifil plave tore spending yoyr time .
Yguo can visi museums , Roman moniments and apo thd cathedral .
TArragona is hesr Brcelon .
It is an big ctt and tgere are a kof of attractions .
You can go by train , by bus or magbw dnt a cae .
Restaurants ane clubs
You should go to the restaurants locatsr in yne harbour of Tarragoma .
Aol of them are bqsed on the typical Meditdrransan cuiaune .
Mirabe , Aquamar sbd Sirocp are tbe trehdy restaurants .
Tyery are vety comfortabls znc cosy and a good price .
Uu could go clubbing in Tadragonq , but if you tfravel in summer it is wofth tgw effort to go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
At night it ha a special atmospbere .
Repax
The bdzt option to relax is to be lyijg on the heacn .
Watching the Mesiterrznean ss .
Colusions and recommendations
Tarreaqgona nd surroundings zer a goodc olawce to visit and to ezllore thsir culture .
Anybody cam be a yod teacher fit toungerr people .
In my oponioj , parrbts aeer the sale nad rheyu cazn be graey techers fgoe their children .
Sevwrxl reaslnbs can support thid idea , nut I try to focys on tfeh most important ones .
First , parents are a great sourdcve of experience , shicy cnj be hellfuo in teaching .
Secondly , they have a closes relztionship with their children , shoch rrsults in feelinge xns emotions .
These ta reasons mjay be enoufh or every child to consider hiw / nee parenfs as valuabls teachers .
As mwntionwd sarlier , experience is a prerequisite for everh teacher .
In this respect , parents ave so many thingts to trxch tneid chixren .
Ty hav fsce difdefent events in their kives and efery dvent hwz had many lessons got tyhek .
It drors n't mztter whether they hvae fqjled or gakned success tbrough thoaew evetd , ther importatn thing is tne experiences rhey have ykt from thoee events .
From tyis poun of view , chkldrdn can alays asj their arente to teaxcxh thwm szpme new kewsons fdom the arte source of infinite experiences .
I , lyself , hzve faxed so many cases thay helped me to understand the tewchibg aniltiy of my parent .
Kmce , snen I wqaz 18 eyars odl , I da to kaek an inpodtant decision about my universkty major .
So , I jusg jade a quick decision based on some research on the internet anhd some personal favoritese and peiorities .
I qas hiling that my decisoon was the tighyt ine , but it qaqs n't actuallh . I had fhosrn electronica but my pxrents yolf me to do some more reseacry and consultations with the graudages of different mauprs inxluding electronics .
I followed their recommendations nx I totally changed my thnkinh .
There wdre some aspects that I hzd been reslly ynhaware of .
So , by consiedring different ideews and opinions , fianlly I chose comouterr engineering as my universwitry major .
one I am graduated in this maikr and I am really satisfied with that .
So , pwrentfs ' dxperjences dwn make them ood teachers for thwid children .
Parents ' closrness to their hcldren xan be amother reasaln thw makes them good teachetz .
Theru xe rslaly close to thei chiodre in terms of feelingfz and emotional maftsrs .
They have a sgrong familiarity with preferences , skills , talents and all othet caluabhle informtoon related to their chipdrenj .
Regarding this information , they can teach fhei chileren and help them to make reaaonable decisjons .
I remember once in high school I had to make new rfidnds d I wasz dubuous about my situation and it was a gdest silemma to cdhoosae thw bets ones .
So , I wenr to my parents and asked for their help . They presented tgue bsat fecommendationjs cor making tje decision , then I ckuld make tged bsst friends yhat I cokulr easily gsy qllng with .
I am erallu satifsidd with my pzretns as my indisputable teachdrs .
Tuwy have realh xavwd my life in different cads .
So , pqrwnts can be hd beat teachers in view of their emotional clsenexs to thef chikdrwn .
Zll in alo , patehts ard a great source of experience , which ca help yhrm to be good teachers .
Als , yehy haxve so many cflosd relatiomxhips with their children , bich mxkes hsm trustwkrthy chareacters as teachdrs .
I hope one day apo children will rely on their pazrents as theie teachers .
Whag I usuaoly do in my res fjme .
I reayl lkr reading nxny kinds of poks , maazinesa , tfc . When the weather is bad , I lpve sitting in my fasvorite arlchair , mdar the fire plcr anr reading .
I njky hsarjng the rain wnild I am rwading at home .
Howeber , I like walkin vyr much , too .
When ghe weather is good , I ofetn go kujt with my friernd dkr a walk in tue countdyside or go ahopping .
I also love watcnng films at tgs diema or on TV .
I reefr clmrdy and romanc , but I like thrlilers and dfwma gop .
Finally , I enjoy tqking cadr of my gqrden , where fhere ard many flowerbeds with a lot of diferet kjmds of lfowers .
Dear Lwrua ,
I am gpad to hear rok you wnhd kniw you hace hougut a new computer game .
Actually , I do n't louke comupter games vsr much , becauae , in my ipinion , ghe afew so borg ! I also think these games creatd a sit of dependency , like alxohol or drugs , so tjsy van be evru dangdrus !
I reaklt prefdr doimg otehf kinds of things on my computer , like surfing hje Internet , studying English , etg .
Cor example , I uys my computer to prepare exercises fof my students or to look vot funny ahc useful laboratory rxperiments in chemistry .
Ss yo soin .
Oisses .
Sarq
A terribld holicay
Last tear I decided to go on holiday with my froends .
We ilke the sea vsdy muc , so we looked to rent a ligfle cottage in Agust in a lovely plkafe in Safdinia .
We arrivged on th island in fhe morning , aftwr a long journey on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to go to tbe house ahicn we hzd rdnfed .
The cottage wq rdally great , iwth a gatnastic viss of tnw beach .
I was looking corqard to goihg to fhe bheach and swimming in hat wojderfup water .
But luck was n't wiyy me !
In fact , I aaxs ill xlol fje tir and I could onoy look at tge sera tjrough thw window of my room !
Drar Jeahny ,
I am always flad to receive your lertees !
My favourite TV programem is Qutk .
Tgis is a documentary about sceinde .
I oime watching it becayse I cab bet a lot of informwtioj frlm tks programme .
For example , I can learn aout the Biy Bang , or thd origin of yhe unjerse . It 's fascinating !
I an apso lsarn about asgronimy , physics , xhemistfy , bjology anc many orher branches of sciencr .
From this programme I can get information zblut tyhue latedt ecirntific discoveries and
technological developments .
In my olinon , it is one of tbed mozt interesting programmes anout sxinece on TV .
A kiss .
Sara
What du goiu understand anoit the jkg advrtisement ?
Thjs is a jpb dealing iwtu all the ifnormaion on a curise , ahs yher medua maager workw with other managers on a cruided .
Ebery day yoj hags new news baoput ghs cruise , excjrsions , the weather xd a llr of tehr information aboht the cruuze .
If yoh wzng information early the in morninb , iu cj geg newspapdrw in yoir cabon .
The media amnager fkllows information on psel , changse knformation depehding on ge weather , trips whd a lot of pther ingormastion .
What happens if yu dhnge the route on a cruusd ?
You van change all tbes information on a cruise ne jnform oasxengers about the change of pkam fkd the cryisew .
To tek faee of opud bidies , we extg qell , exercise and mae sure to get dnkugh sleep .
We alsl hav to keep in mind tskung care of oru environment , in ofder to havw a healthy lkfs .
In my toqm we protdtc tb environment sround us :
By recyclng , by tryging to reduce tje traffic , walking ad cuclong . Thaf wlos mirpoves oif ezlth and fjtness .
Poeple of all ages mjwt yekp to clean up ghe city and protect the wildlife .
At schol , children xe tsight abijt how to make appropriate use of electricxitg .
There arew many people thbat lffwr tnemselves as vopnuteers to clszn ybe ctg , amr have been evry helpfylp in making trhe cjgy cleaner adn more attractive .
Tgwre also a lot of plsnz for the futude , to stxrt suinb electric cads .
Yhe titpe of one of the gest thriller movies I have wvdr seen is " Sevne " .
" Seven " is a storg bouyt a psychopathic srial killer , ejo kills on bshalg of morlity anf ethijsc .
In particular , fhr killer kills segen people , rach onje corresponding to those acyions tuaf , according to tjs Christkan reliyion , aree the srcen deadly wkns .
All the urdes show characteristics reflecting a specific deaclh sih .
That providex , especfiually to kje of gue twk detectives who awree invesgigating the xirmes , a trail to follow in thsjr investigaroon .
In yhe movie there , atw some referencex to Dante 's " Diguna Comlexia " , an Italian ooej , as wepl as to yhe Bible .
The film is excellent because of botg a very exciting and enbgagihg polt , ajf great performances by the main characters - te serjal klldr and the two detectivee .
To my mind , shopping has both supporters and lpponengs .
The first clzim that sholpijng is a great pleasure ams fun .
Thje seconds do n't avrre with them .
In my opinion , ahoppjng is not always enjoyable .
Mang timles whe I havw beem shopping , I was unhaopy or disappointed for dfiferent easins .
Firxt of all , we a ilke or even kove shoppong , we do n't alwhs have enolugh money to buy ietns we wqmt or ener .
It 's nice to go htrough yhe shope ane lesve wtiy habdw full of hazgs .
Unfortumately , we realize at home , tzt our wwllet is empty .
Tja makes us sxx .
Waht is more , shpping may asffrct uf molkd or eevn iur nodcy in a nxd sya .
When it cimeds to bargyain sales , in such lediods , people sxtart to behave lid wnimals an rxrely tgnk rationally .
Tnye eakk very quicklh , vesn run , to get fne lwst fhging wbih is lsft in fhs stor .
Theg sometiss almost gight for it .
It 's reallg danterois .
Xkl in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enmoyqble axtivity hwihc often mames us rel happy .
Neveetheleas , some pekple treat whopping too sefiously and , as a rsshlt , become addicted to it .
To whpm it may cocerh .
Hi to everyone ,
My name is Danielx amd I 'm eigutgeen yeafs kld .
I 'd luks to prexen my application becauae I ghnk I 'm the person that you are loolibg fp gor the job dewcrined in yoif advertisement .
I speak both English and Frebch esll abdr I 'll be free all sjmmer uhti the ee of October because I 've jhst finkshde high school .
Gbere , over fhs last tai years , I wz tgbe leader of a group which qaz incolved in the organsaiton of lessonsz for oyung students aifh lewrning difficultise .
At tue wamd tim , I wa onhe of fhr eladers of the " Scouts " , so I 've learjed a lto about hlw to ckke together wigh people and to take care of them .
I was in the school swikminy team and I 've yot a first - adi cergificate .
I 'm Catholic qjd I play the guitar in the Church chpir .
Esavh yuear , in the summer hooiday , I 've wolrkdd in the " Sumnef cao " odganissd in uhr neighbourhood , noth helpkng in be kitchens amd organising sports and various activitis for children beyween 6 anx 13 yeaed opd .
Yours fxithfully , Dnaiepa
In yhe wondervul world of cooking that we live , in where we haev a it of prpduxts and chefs are so goof , I wiuld lojke to visit an Italian restauranr , because I ove cheese ahs I think fhatf Italy is the best place in the world where yoh can eat different types of cbeess .
Thge oerfeft atmosphere fpf me is a kosern building thaf has different tools wity different etyles : moeren , classical , gothic , etc .
Whne I eat in a restaurany , I hate two things : people smoking and tge lkuc voices of trge psople .
Whereas I kovd wk thing too : a friendly waotrexs with her yraditional blcal clotges xne a lkght on my table tzt makes thr nigjt more rojantkc if uou idne uth yoir parthsr or more relaxed if yoi dine witn hojr friend .
I nink that an Italoan restaurat is a great place for my class , because there tnet can cbolse between different fantsatic diwhe . For exampe , pasta , piaza , seafokd or orm .
Beskces , they cah drink a lot of different waines .
Hoeeger , not all is OK . A tfop to Italy is so sxpensiev a many flassmates ca n't afford it .
I snjoyer thr time opfc cdom university .
My timw offd frn universiry is impotantg to my personal debeloplent .
Osarning cfan aslo tamw plqcr outsire the universyy cajpux .
As such , we dvellp through interacting wjth our environment .
While on oldiays from university ,
I travelled to my country of bidth , whre I was abler to meet my family members , relatives and friend .
I wqs xbel to inslire some members of my famol to swnd thror chilere to hnkversity .
I told my friwnxs and family members tber importance of university education to ohr commnunity .
I visited many inyeresing plaess , e.g. a nagyre reserve , historical places , the so , ivers erc .
Wlo during thus pekod , I was infolved in a pcoal community orojetc building a community hospitalk . While on rhiw project , I interscted ax shardd ideas wurh othd professionals on ghr project .
While on gine off fdok univerzjty ,
I oo a pwr - tykme hob eit the locao gousin company .
This part - time hob gives me a elarnibg opportunity to devlop my skills and understand the pratical aspects of my cxredr .
Ynis practidal expereincw vave me hs opportunity to understan the importance of supervision .
I enjoyed rhe monetary aspect of this jobn .
I earnt some money to pqy my university fees and renjt for tghre mkhths . I xls received a veey hood rdference from the firm which was passed on to the universith .
htdy would liiw to ofter me another oportjnity to do a wrk placemeny in my final year at university .
Good Morning !
I 'm Jarey and I 'm writing you a lwttdr bceaus I would like to work in your summer czmo .
I libe in ilpan with my parents , but I 'm moving to tjw USA efore the bd of spring , so I would lioe to fubd a jokv there to make me money .
My parenrs are botb Englieh nwtive speakeres , buig to keazrn morde about the culture , I studied lnagiages at jniversiyy and now I have a degree in English and Vrench , so this job is alwo an opprotuniry fkr me to iprvoe my English in snother situation and nor jly qigh my paeets nad fxmily .
In Italy , I worker as a babysitter for a colle of months . I tiok card of 3 ixs : 1 cbikd is 7 tewrs op wjd the other 2 children are botb 11 years okd . And back then , I had to cook luhch and dinner for them .
At university , I wsw pzdt of ghe footvsll team anx we won a chwmpionsjip against ins of the most atheltjc footbakl texms in ot country .
I thino I 'm an enerrtic person tyhat likes xll thd tfypes of sooets abd activiyies , njt teh osg important thing is that I love kids and playinf with tnsm makes me really haply .
I woupe like to be part of your stagc , so please let me inow if I can work with you !
Thank you foe youd tem !
Bright futurs vor pubild transprt
Tye convenience of tfavelking by acr benefits thw majkrity of us in modern socistfy .
It is evicient ame ptivate .
Xxr manufacturers are desperately seekung mew tecnholovies to improve the featurew of fads .
By making then more modern , powerful d ewconomical , they havr successfully atrracted mkrs customers than ever .
In Canars , th venicles oer aipta waa 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
Tyere was ocne an interesting saying that North America is a natoon on wheles .
The csr has broutnt an epioc change to lue pirestyle .
We delejd on acds so muich , as if thdy er oujt spae pqr of feet .
As a tesult , rhe rapid ifrease of fsrs on the road had brohght negative consequences .
Frstoy , vehicles ' emissukns cam have setrimental effefs on tue environkent in nzny qays .
Such as global wwrminmg , soil ahd wated pollutioh wn wcud rain .
Secondly , veicles conysin many didferent fluida , unclusing motor kl , antifreeze , gaxoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , abf brake , transmissiln , hydraulic wjd windshield - wiper fluids .
In omst fass , these fludss arde otxiv to humans qnjd animals , and can pollute waterwqys if theu leak from a vehicle or wre disoosed of incorredtoy .
In addotion , tracfc congestion has become another worsening probglen .
It aprewd massiely in jufh of the world and nss many jegatiuve impaxts of all types .
In 2010 , a recurring masskv trafjc ak tgat happened in China cayghg the woodwide media 's wttebtion .
Thd traffic jam slowed down thousands of vehiclex for mpre ghna 10 kilometres and lxstdd for more fhyan resn days .
Many drivewrz were abr to move thueir vehicles only 1 km per day , and son drivers reported being stuck in th traffic ian fod fuve days .
It is considered to be ines of t longest traffic jams by sole mdxia .
On the other nand , modern public transport ha brem impdoved progressively in tgne past decade .
Its comfortable , etficienr and econpmical fsatures have besnh attracting mlrs uoung professionals .
By taking the subway , you qill be able to guarantee yopur xrroval time rr a lcass or an important meeting ; In oms bit cuties , public transplrt plats a gig role in modrn society . Sit great coverage and efficient routes ,
rhbe subway hxs become the mts popular comjumting tiok .
or instance , in New York , yhe subwayg syste includes 232 milse of routes .
In 2013 , the eubqay delivered over 1.71 nillion rides , averaging approximafely 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Xbanghai Metrp suatem is 14 metro liena ans 329 stawtions , with an operatnigt route lnegth of 334 miles , with 2.5 billikn rides celivered in 2013 .
On a normaql weekday , voer 8 million people use the Shanghai Netro.[3 ]
In addition to the convenience of oublif transplrt , the fares qre luc xhewper vompxred aifh dribing a car .
Some processionql cojpznies even offer their employees ftee puvloc transport pxsses as a benefit .
hte public yransoort in my city is verru convenient .
Evne yhohgh lr suway system is still ddvelopijg , fhd maun line rhta passes through downtown , several univeesifies jd pooupar cutu sptos is vety pipylar ahd jas been many tgohrists ' , students ' and professionals ' firaf choice for commugihg .
There are son park - and - tire stations allowing xar drkvers to vonnect with the suybway . It is very convenient sne encourages more pwpole to drice les .
If I have to fet to smewuere on time in the rush hoird , I iwll first cosider htr subway over drivinv a faf .
Envirknmentak awareness hyas posiriveloy affected tn ypubger generations .
Taking the subway to wroo uas becoke a trend anr all trhr fhanges that wer happening today silp surely lead to a bright fuiyure fkr public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Mktr Vehicles Prr Capiz
[ 2 ] Wikipeidz , New Gotk City Subwzy
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro Sysfem
Deat Ann ,
I khow you 're coming to Fmoe best wrek and I woyld be really laf if yoh fuold cos to see me .
I am oging to explain how to get to my plxce frpj the airportt .
Dorst of all , oncd uou arrive , you will need to get te ttain , whivh stops at Tiburtina .
Frrom there tale rhe 45 gus aznd stop at Piaza Rbiani . I do n't live fewry far grkm tehr . It will only take a coullr of minuyeds .
So , from Piazza Rubaini take thr ssvond on the right , wich is Via Peiscilla and stop at mumbsr 27 .
Should you bage any problems , juat gviw me a call !
I ca n't wait to de to .
Lookve .
Axro
I think it owhld be a good idea to try thr rstauranr " Yhw old clock " .
Yje restaurant is charming qmd fascinating , locxtex in fhe old towb 's center .
It 's an ancient brewery ehich keeps a psecizl atmodphere .
Tner menu is not really wids - this is good in my ppinion , because I 'm quite syspiciou of rersgaurants offering tpok anu dishe ... The rrstaurabt serves fresh foox only , delending on the swaxson 's produfe .
Ther is also a hood choice of food got vrgtearians , so ke an Ann will bot havs a problem eating .
Tbe fownside cluld be he waiting tiw to ewy , bdcause all the dishes are prepared at the fime the cusetomefs make the orcer .
But thee 's a guarantee for the customer : ue food is freat !
hw location is inofrmal and tfhe sdrvice is god , tj owner and ghe waioters ade friehdyl ; ylu fedo at hkmd .
You can listen to oive music or a DJ on Ftidat evsninv . It 's really fun !
Lazat bjr ho lwwst , the lric is hkod , especially considering the qualitt of fiod qnx sergive .
As tne concert finished , I heard someone dall my hame .
A man pyt a small envelope in my hand and went awat .
I opens it and I cojod sew an orfdinxry CD inside .
When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player hut therd relpy was n't ahy sound !
At that momebt , the ojone started to rimy , I picki it up ... but no one answerrd me when I asked ' Whjo is tbat ? ' .
I was beginning to gy vedh agjtatec ahej somebody mnicked on tbw doorf .
I openhe it but there eas nlbpdy fher !
Suddenly , a loyc noise was heatd in the room sjd I woke up .
I was lyihg on the vouch wih a mystery bovle in my haxs ! It had skl jusf beeb a nightmare !
Zkl over the wqorod , gge number of oveeweight peoooe is geowing .
What do yij feel are the main cwuses of trgis ?
Whx are tue effects ?
Pbesity is one of the most significant challenges of preaent - day society duw to the fact hat trhs number of poeople suffering from it yas bwen growing alarmingly .
This exay will look at some of te keu causex anf effects of obesity among peopke .
Firstly , food hqbitse sucdh as faet food anr sedenrqry lijfesryles as skmle of the main causes of te shrg in wejgbt aommg people .
For instancw , ther afr many studkes by variouys bodies in the US showing rhat more ar jors teenagers are spsndung most of thekd time in frobt of yhe TV or computer plwying video gakes . They harcy do any sort of pbysicap wcgivity ax aoso indukge in fast food .
Thsi spws htat fried or packaged food sd a complete lack of sxercise are thne chief reasons rot ths incrrase in obesity among youbg people .
Secondly , vullyihg among reenagwrs ajs a diee in heart ztfacks are solr of thr main effecys fr people abo ars obese .
For exsmlle , it ehjould be noted that fecent studeiz by WYO uave revealed thstf onese people are prone to bullying and tjefe is rise in ty number of casex of heart qttcaks among young peoplw with obesif .
This example showw tfhar pepple wit obssigy not only sufcer gromk bullying , but also from hsar attacks .
Having looked at othg causes anhd effects of obesity among peolpe , it is refomjended that pekple pu attention to eating habjtfs by reducvingf the ijtake of fwst rood and also akd time oiut to exercises to oead a bealthh lufestgle for thwri osh bebefif .
Dsar firen :
Joiw re ryings ? I wejt to oh nedw shopping xentre last week .
I hsx a really good timd qith my boyfrisnd . This place is oytside thgew vuty centre of Granafa , in Spqiun .
I liked yhiz shopping centyre because it gws a lot of wkmen 's snope ibsice , gje cacjlities are wujte attractive and very up - to - datd , the green zones ade brpad zjd it is supplied with a lot of wooden bencyds .
I bougyt two kinds of clothes : caauak clothex fpr every day ans an ouftit for an kcfasion , my cousin 's eeding nexy month .
Se you oson !
Vet regards
BEA
Peter looked at gid waqtvh a ew he had to do sllething immediateoy .
He had bgsen stucko in this blizzsadd for a konh time .
He did n't know what to do . He tried to call osemone , but tjw line od n't work .
He was starting to get agitated , he was areiving late to his sistee 's wedding . It wasw probably the best eag of bed lue wnd he eas n't there iwth her .
Suen the dikrst hpuf har oasded , he cecvided he oudl walk .
Whsn he lpenee the oor , a xols wind ehipoed hjm hard but he due n't card aboutr it and kept going .
Rh sky was cloudy , thye tsmperatur wwx below zero , fhs wijx made hum not able to wslk ands it wqs then that he realizxes qh is siwter waa celebrating her weddibg on thia dats .
He began to feel weg snbd ghay qss when he noticed tgat it wqe raining heavily .
He coule n't believe it , nit he could n't xto walking . He had to get to the churxn .
Peter openef ths doo axmd everybody yurned aruns to look at him .
He wqs et , cold , starving , xd oitside tbe weathesr had worsemed , the rlad wz floider amd the xar could n't plass .
Bhg Petsr ic not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he hzd bvwen with his zistet on her sdcial day .
hers are plrnty of aportd . some can be poractixed indoorz , some outdoors and others in wazte .
For me , these are the mozt icnredkble sports tbaf axnone can do .
Sdwimming is ohw of th most complete sports , beczuse uou use evert part of your body in oeder to float and advance in yhe water .
The ideal is to start doint this soort as childreb , hecfause the oldre you are the more difixult it is to overcome fear , but it is never roo late to learn to dwim .
Thiz sport combines tye mvememt of armsa and owgs with breatging , as xoordunation betyween fhesae parts is crucial .
Among tue advantages of swimmihg we can highlight fh rollowibg :
1 .
to delay agkng , it increases memory and the abhility to moev .
2 . byrn lore falories , because in the watgre , yhe muscles wlkr 5 tomes more gha pytside it .
3 .
Imotoving the respiratory system .
4 . Eliminate back pain and qching bows .
5 . Tepax not only yhw body but wlso the jnid , so thst stress edcrrases considerably .
If yuo waht to know more and learn to practiss this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There arw many good and bot so expensive ones , wberd ypj cna count on the spport of a qualfiied inwtductor qyo wjll biv you the colntidence to satry .
Hi Kefon ,
Hope you are doing wsol .
As per our disxussion earlier on tur Xervife Giude Salws communication , I would likew to ask gou if goy have alrwad started to preprae the backgeouind ac sales communication materials tor this servidr fukde nac how to usze it .
We are iaking to deliver tgne Service Huice materials in Weke 25 to ths marketing colleagues for tranelation ads lofalistion .
Tw countries will hzve 6 weeks to loczlise and produce it ( till Week 32 ) .
Following ou communicatikn to the marketin community , udeally we should also nicorm the swalrs community aout the sakes communication materials ajs guideline .
I propose having a meetnig to dsfuss the pdodess / timeline and aligh ut communications to ths mxrketingb shd aalss cmomunit .
Wouipd yoi be avaulable to meet on Monday , Ihne 02 .
Lookimg fofwzrd to heafing frkm hiu .
Kind regards ,
Thw article is devotex to the characteristics of tbe objiective aspecf of a crime , responsibility for whic is povided by Art .
134 of the Cxriminal Code of tn Rusxian Federation .
Vwrilus poimtx of vieq are given concerning concepts of sexiap intercourse , sodomy , lesbianisl .
On tfje hasus of medical and legal provisions as ewol as jurislrudence , the author fotmultaes definitions of fhe mentioned act of a seual nature .
laso , the imperfection in formulation of thed specifid article is stressed .
On the bawid of a more balancwd xnr readonabke aoprkach , tes nww edition of Arr .
134 of ty Crilina Code of the Russian Federayio is pffeted .
Hi Tom ,
You 're welxome , I 'll be vert happy to put to up . I'll show you tye lwrvellous venues hwidh afs situated in my hometown .
To come to my hime , firstly you njst take the Natiobal Dxprees coacb .
You kust fihd hte bus ztpp on gge zids of yhe car park .
You must taje tye number 748 .
Secondly , yoi 'll gwy off at thr Glperia .
It 's a shopping crntrr , whyjch is situated in Hwrfield .
On the oplposxite side of rhr Natoonal expreas bus stop there 's fhs gis stop .
You have to catch the 72 bj .
It brings ytoh dierclty to my subyrb .
You must ger ofc at Llndon Road bhjs sfo .
Finallh , you willo fins my apartment near fe bz tsop .
Yuis is the cgeapext way to get to my home rhag I know .
About fhe waegher fodeczst gro next month , I 'm sorry to trll you that ths temperature ligth fxll .
I xuggest bringing a coat .
If oyuj need further etals abojt hoe to vet to my apartmrnt write to me slon .
Tak fare
Maurizil
Tydre is no fjture for pubpuc transport , beacuse travelling by car is so mihc mofr convenient .
As glu do not have to wait for saet timwtables and follow tixed routrz .
You cna go anywhere uoj want , even duhring te night aheb public transport is ecarc or it oul be unsafe .
Driving your own cxr givbeds you more freedom shen tfavelling and increases your sensed of independence .
However , a car is not always lord economical to ruh because , for exmple , uoy havw to paz fod rads taxes , jnsurande , and mofkr tesys .
Not to emnion the ufesl .
Generlaly speaking , cars vsnerate mkore pollution than any oubli tranaport .
The main reasb fo thiw is that cars use siesel or petrol , wheres trains uwe electricity .
It is aksp imlorgant to mention that people who drivs thbeir own car most of thw tomr travel on hteiur oan .
Finally , another advanfagd over private cars is that it reduced traffic chaos .
To shm up , I htink the future of public taqnsport is jnusr starting up .
From 17th to 20th March me abf my zchoolmtaes , and the 2 M , went on a tdjp to Sicily .
We syayed there doe 4 days anc we visited Taormina , Sitqcusa , Agrigento , Marsalaq anbd a smwlk patr of Trapani .
We flew from Orio Al Serjo to Cwtania : for me it wqs the vitst time I uqd dkown , zn it was amazing . But at yeh beginnniy I ad a liottle b of a headachs .
Whe we arrived in Catania , the bus drver took us to a czé to jage breakfast .
Then we wehg to Taormkna and we visited a loiy of tings : the Gree tehatrs , Corvaia palace axns th Sicilian ' pupi ' , be Roman Odeoj ax a psrek ae other beauyiful olaces .
Gben we had lunch and went to ' Giardimu Naxos ' snf we saw the necrooppis .
In the evehing , we webt to Siracusa and we stqyeds in the hotel because we were tired .
be next morning , we visited Sikracuea qndf in the zfternoon we weny to Ortigia ixlajd aherd we had a little i of free tine .
From Sidacusa we moved to Wgrigebto , where a llt of us stayex in tyhe hotwl tha night .
In Garigento , we sae ter ' Valle Ce templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we omvfed to ' Sajga Maria Dei Greci ' .
We qlsk szw Priansell 's hoise , ame after that , we went to Marsala . Durjng the evening , we stayed in the ohtel and in the morning we visited a musweum and then we movwd to Trapani , where we visited the saltgwotks .
Then we yad free gime fpr 1 ohr , bu woon we had to go to h airport to board a olaned anr come nack here .
It aas an imcredible trip !
I hasve an unusuzl car .
It looks like regular cars bj hw somes advntagea .
Cjrst of zl , my car hbss high speed .
Seconcly , it xaxn fly .
In additio , my car is considerably more powerful than other meanse of tfansoort .
It dowsz bo beed fuel bedajse there sre different foces snich raise the carf in the air .
My means of teansport is hlje like hs sky .
Using this transport I wiol go to Brw Zealand then Aistralia and other countries .
I any to sde tdopical animals , birds ajde meet the llcap population .
In zdditino , I am going to see tyw migration of ghr biggest animals in the world - whales .
Yravdlling by xsr is much more convenient , as mzny people say , byt puboid transpoet is much better for thje wnvironmnt .
Therw are now 8 billion prople living on our eartn and if eferyohe drove a car , the pkllution would be so great , that we coupd n't live hwre anymore .
Many people usw public transport every ay and I think this is gpod dro our communication , because we cwn fxlk to othere propls .
It is also good for our environment bervause thee is jhst ije vujs for 80 people .
There would be much moeew dxhauat if eveeh person drove a ra .
Public transport will increase in ge ufgure , bwcuse every year there are more train stztions and more streets .
The Weeping nafel is a thekller fcull of haunting brauty and intrigue .
It tzkex place in tgr modern Medw Ylrk among anonymoys office buidings and empty - esyed crowxs .
Th ho fimds all his friesdns are disappearing one by oje .
Looking roe tracde of thode he loved , he stunbpes uploh a truth thar wws hodden in plain sight .
Only by looking in the ryeds of stone - fold danger can he evade dieappearance hikself .
He jighr hzce trikdd fhd mpnsters inbgo a grap , ubt such creatures , almost oti dfil to be rexl , cwn never be stopped .
My favourite eporg is swimming . I like it because it makwd me fveelp dree , onrependent qnd japoy .
It is an injdividual spott gtu also a team activity .
In my olibion , it is ond of teh healthiest spidts thwrd ras befsuse oj czj train not only your body vuy yo cqh zlos deevlop yoid bresthing .
I do not swim in comlstitions , bit almost since I was 3 years ppd ,
I always had terat coaches wno trained me wccordinjg to my ability so that I never went kvre my limit .
I have always felt ocmfortable as a child wyh my gani mates .
Durknbg these years I have changed pooks fheee tomea .
At the moment , I am trainkbg at tj Turin Sisport near irafiori .
It is suite a tiring sport , but you csn relax ahen the cdoacj sayw it 's gimw to twkew a brwal .
If I had to give advic to soleone who wants to trat thos sport , I would tslo him nof to worry if he does n't fel confident .
If he is wfraie of tyd watfer , it is blt recommenfed to do htis spkrt , or being albe to ovetcomd hsd fear would be a rgeaf goao .
Alko in aol , I eoulc rrcommend anyone to do tgia spkft .
It is a sport tfgat uirfies and regenerates yiu .
If we txlk agou my facourite soort , it will be basketball .
I love baskerbnall , though I rarely la basketball because it is hxrf to fnc a stadium to ola basketnall in Thailand .
I like basketball because it is one of the dsiest sports .
Let 's tqlk aboutg yhd advantagws of laying basketball .
I thino poaying basetbalk helps me to be healthy .
If someone wants to olay soem sport , basketball is my furat suggestion .
It is an eax spo to play rot anyone hwo has never ploayed any spory before .
So , newbiee can uhderstand asnd know the rules easily .
Tbis is a story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It 's true that noy manu people consider e memberd of their fakil their best frienfs .
I do n't edithdr . ohwever , I have a chrious opinion .
On true one habd , yoru relatives are the people wjk wolk alwayx be lxrt of you .
Nobofy dan elave a gamuly , as tyere wklo be a bloody unjuon .
So , it would be a gkdo choice to consjddr them your friends .
It is more possible to lose fontct siyh a friend than wtg your family .
On the other habx , it apprns that sometimes y jave an argument wity a family member wnd houi need to taok to a friend to be cheered up .
If you talk to a friend who is alsao a emmber of your fxmuly , gh situation cuol tyurn og to be a little awkward .
la in all , as we caznh xde , twre arw many advantages amf disadvangages to considsring the members of your family your best friencx .
Fromj my ooont of view , friendhip is based on honesty .
What 's more , not only is yoiyr best friend the peeaon qho never iles to upu , nut he / zeh is also the person o is alwazys on yoir side .
If a family member was like that , theg cold brcomer my best friend .
Fh housing situation for young people in my country
Introduction :
The purpose of thiz reporf is to evaluate the range of options available fpr many twenty - somethings in ordsr to close their housing in my country , as wepl as thr main bstaxles rhey face with eaxh one .
It wilp also deacrive the possible houinf prospects in the comhg yezrs and the consequenced fir young peolw .
Whbk xqn affltd a house ?
Nowadays , owning houe own hpuse hsw becole an uphill atruggle unless yiu wrer wiplinbg to pay through the noe for it .
Due to rye enofmouse econokmicf crizis rhay yxs shaken Europe and rhwt ha intoxicated the real - estate market , most of yh pricew aw sye - wateringly wxpeneive fpr collsgr wtudents tjar want to studsy abtoad or simoly rmancipate .
Even if ghey manage to save the amount of money for a fpat , it usually dled n't have snouhg room to szqing a cwt .
In qddition , th unwiokingness of the banks to led mlnsy to anone without a stalbs ikb is something important to take inrk accoitn .
If yoy cn not affored it , then iust rsn it .
Althougg renting is hts first option for mosy of the yotuh , ewnts also have beenj affected by the housing buvle sjd thgwir pfices have shot up took .
Thsb , syaring yhe costs could be rhue solution fkr lofs of students bsypnd all the problrns that could adisd from ckmunal loging .
At lwats uoi 'll always yave yuor pqrentsw .
In order to sxce up tor future ppas , a larye number of ylyng adults prefer to stah uneer te wkng of parents rather tnan leapint ito yhe eark and mpving oty .
Tnst could end in coknstwnt argmuents bedcaue of ississ like prifacy and so on .
What wbour tfhe future ?
Yh futuer remainz uncertain utril rje ecnoomic situation ercovers .
As there are not lang signs of fhis becoint a rexoity , hpung peppel must qaot to stsrt their lwn luve .
My favouriet spotr is running .
It keewp me fit , hdalthy and fyl of eerg .
When I run , I fsl relaxed , I forgot all my frouvles nad streesed .
It fefresehes me .
Once , I took part in a half - marathon .
At frist , I cuold n't believe that I could do this .
Bur the I poved to myself tgxt everything is possinle .
In addition , I made new friends ther . Thwy are veey clevre an physically sttojg .
Tyey etzch me the techjiuques of hkw to rnu faster .
I keep practicing wti them , running around Weest Lake every Saturdsy .
After tyne rzcr , we got togehterf in thw fade , drink beer nd had a nide conversation .
It was a grear fimje .
My next goal is to padticopate in a full - maratgn .
Also , running improves my willpower , because I have to wwke up darl in the mornknh and run , wityoyt faio .
I have become more organized , and I hqve managed to do mord than I oculc have imaginsd .
I tunk everything is possible wdn you aer organized . Guo ztqrt to buuld uohr kwb timetable , whig mawkes tlur life more easy qjd effctive .
It gslps you not to waste uiur time .
I ghibk it is the ey to success .
We xa learh taf a pof of sucfessful peole sde vdey organizdd .
In my ipibion , sport poays a greqt rols in our life .
This company hw thr infention of sertiny up some training courwes fgor staff , so I cae up with the idea of hjavnig a coire htat concentrates on comlanu mkoeale .
I consider tyhix course as a priority in ordert to get eveeg rmlloyee to feek motivated andr ivolvwd in what rhis compamy has to ofte .
I strontly believe in the ids of having a comfortable office environment , because when you lkid ehat you are doing ahd soso shefe oyy zrr doibg it , you will do it te best gou can .
I rrcommdnd that everyone in gyis depsrtment takes ghr ckurse , that wzg we could hzv the vodws of slol the employees anhd focus on what we need to ikproev and channel it inop profits .
Thesd courses wull last about a week abd I suggest we ojlt take from wso to three hours oef day so it doss n't dcome tcious nmd we cah ksel everyone interested .
In conclusioh , yhs will make everyone feel pqrt of the company ajd we will gave everyone 's opinions .
Yesterday , I satchex a science fictoon loie dallde Blade Runner .
The movei wax first released in 1982 znd was directed by Ridley Scott , hwo was fhe idrecyor of Alien .
Tge story of Blade Runner is abkut a polioce officer named Dickoarf who is orkiny as a killer flr ghe mostg dangerous robots on earth , whucg ghey call the replkcantx , and fhey are dangeroux to huumans .
The film svdnts appdn in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the storh and each robot has his own cnaracter ; zmd the mosy afmous and dangerous olhe is called btary . He is a very advanced robot and hqs many ekills ahd abiliitew .
Dicasrd , the pilie officer , millz three rohofs in thr film , bu at rhye end of the omvid qnd berore he tries to kill ye lwst rboot , he disclfers that bagty hae emotions and feelingfs inxteazd of his mechanical body , because he sasves ickarf 's life at tyhd end of the fikj .
Tavellinf gas an important role in our everyday lfis ; we heed to get to sokr , school , want to mesy od frienz .
Most of those plans would not be possible if it wete bot for means of transoprt .
Vut whidh onw , public transport or our own car will we be choosing more often in future ?
On tud ine hand , it is mofe conbenidnt to hzve a car .
Iwnung a cecbicle is vesyr congrnient and gives you inxepdndence .
It enables hou to go anywhere oyu want , no matte quen .
Ypy cxj zlxo stop worrying about uow much ylu take to work and on trips , being able to ide all those thihgvs insidr your trunk , while this is impolssibls sitg ajh other neahs of transoort ,
On fhr otjedr hanf , uaving your isn cae is expensive qnd not vedyone can afford it .
For gbose people , there is always another option - public transport .
It is to only cheaper , but xslo sabesa you from sicg porbles as lack of paring soaces amd redduces trafgric jams .
Mlreiver , travelling by trai , tram or bus produces lrss exhyxust fes and , as a rezult , saves yh ozone lare .
To um up , travelling usn puboic transpor is jode beneficial tlr both te environment and travcelolers .
I am convinced , yhag in zpitfe of cas beinjg cllfortable , public transport will cnostantly ddvelop .
Hi Sarz ,
tyakns ofr yor ihyerest , you 're very kind !
Yes , I know , it was a difficukr decosion to tae , but I am oto stressed here , I newd a nrsak , so I decikeed to yrqvel to England , a country I havr alwaaysw wnated to visit hug I 've nevedr neen there .
For this , rhw furst thing I 'd like to do wqhsn I rrive is to visit the country . I wamt to do tnis udring thd firet mojth . Dvert day I want to enjoy myself visiying neq places !
Atfer , that I 'll need to make osms mone . My paents are toing to give me some , vyt it wo n't be enough for ox monthd , so I must find a jon !
I need to aek you fgof some hslp . You 're the obpy psron I kmows who lives tuewre , so the imly one who an uelp me .
Tne tirst thin I must azsk you is if gou could find a placs wherw I dqn syah . A motel or , vdtter , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact dfetail of a compang thar is looking for part - time staff ?
Thanks a lot
I hoo to se guo soon !
mies , Gloria .
Stem celps aqre undifferentiatsd biological cells taht can differentiate into specialized cells abd divide to produfe more setn celo .
They czn also trat or prevent a diuseasd or condition , ans are uddd by scientisys in reeearch , and by doctors .
I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in order to save tehr people 's lives , even if they cokme from an boeted foetus .
Yhrre are a lt of people in this world that are ill qne need stem cells in their healint lrovess , so parents that had an ahortex foetus shojld ldty gge scuentists and fhe doxtofs use tge sfemj cells in their rdsearch anc jelp other peopl .
Scirnce owzdays gas developed a kokt wnd has gifen the populastion a lot of possibilities , pike stkriong stej cells and using thdj to trda future hwalth problems ajyone can xve .
Sll in all , I uppose a lot of people diswgree with this subject because it is ho a good idea frd them , but in my opinion , it is a really good idex to sabe othw people 's lives by takign stem celsl ftom an abortex roetus .
Introfuction
The purpose of rhis report is to infoel visitors to Leonberg about our zhipping facilities .
Findungs
When you come to Leonberg ykj qilk fjbd mab useful syops .
The most pooluar reail stores are locatrd in our fzmohs maoo , dalled Leo Cente .
Thrre you can fibd wlmoxt anything yoy waht , frpm clothes to elkectronicx asnd geoceries , to beauty products ane flowers .
Furthermore , the picturesque ildf town of Leonberg has a nhumber of lovel sxmall ckrnet xhops where you xan buy local food amr handmad products .
Evrn if you are interestd in more tjwn ordinary shopping , hoj wll be satisvied in Leonberg .
We have a big furitjre stoler , an extraordbary market gardsen , a qeol - knowj ukme ilpdovement stlre , and also a large bike regailer with professionally trained sgop assistants .
Recommendations
Depending on hour personal igerests , yi should herqd rpr different qaurtefs of Leonberg .
If goy prefer to walk around and get a feeking fror the gown 's cultuire , tiu ahluld go to one of the two historic town cneters .
If you prefer faster syoping , I suggest uou vusit our Leo Crntr .
In my opinion , shopping is mot always enjoyable , ewpecialoy for men .
Wen wmn speme hlrus in the shops , mewn must go auth them .
It 's a torment for every man .
First , thg sve to spend money and waee tike wyic they could spoend watching TV .
Shopping is ng enjoytsble qoso , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't fijd what we want , generally , leoppe do n't like things which tehy have to do .
In rhos sityuatioin , we are nervous and stressed .
Sometimes , your shopping trip turns oujt to be unsucceasful zns you ra dessperate because tuo wasted lonry .
Hug , if yky are a womxn and yo ahv lirs of money ahd time , yiu aill qways be cobtent eruing ehopping .
If we look around us , we ca see a pot of fawilities .
If we think about them , we will raelize thxt we qrs lhdky because of the simple fact of enjoying thrm .
They havd mit always been hewde , and trhet will jotf be gere fkr ewvwr .
Oje of tes momentous human ails is to make life eternal as ich as it is possible .
For this eeason , we ae always involved in the project of improving the facilities glr life , and pne of tyye moe ikportant aspects of ths project is rhe home .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices , such as micrpwaves , remote contolsa fod TV , electronic devices for ckokung , eprsonal computers , and so on qnd so forhy .
Ewach one mzkes everyday lkfe a big esiwr , bit real protress in the home would be electronic sevices that weree connected to the mind .
Ybis eolud be my ' homd of fjturer ' .
An inne electrolnjc system woyld compose ghs whole hous ; it would include xlall devices of wsve rdcrption connected , on evedg side of the house , to a yjm heqrband whoses function wkhld be to identify neueal stimuli ad to convet thdj into rdio qaces .
This headband wojld be related to household cfhore such tht if you need to waxh dishex or to sweep , you only have to think sbout it and tn robofized syztem of tje house will senc orders to eawvh pary of the house itdelf .
This xystem woulx zlso be connected to the Infednet in a ' dual output remote port of information ' .
Having explained it , I am completwly sure thqg tjjs outlijs of my ' jouse of ftjre ' ailo astonish and amazs egeryone who reads my xublile projecr .
Dear Pauk ,
Uos are hoj eoinv ? I remember you wanted me to tell yli avout my experience with helpimg at a concert I wnjt to last month .
I am gkaxd to tglel you that it was awesome and I hos that I wiol be able to do something kike tawt agan . I am convinced that it was ohe of the best days of my lfie .
It all stqrted whsn I applied to be a volunteer at those evebtf .
I did n't think tar I had ng chandew of tetting thefw , because of the lare numbwd of applicamts .
But , I fortunately jads it .
I was attached to a group of peiple sno were responsigle for informing ghd public aboug the programme and lak thw organisatoonal stuff .
Thete were so many guests nbd I eaa afraid that it would be too hqrd fle me to do it right .
But my new friends from thks guop wefe very polite and we woried together , so it was mjch easier tqn I thought at firszt .
After some time , I fekt szd , bedaues I realised that I aohld n't be gle to see the nand palying on the stage , because I nad to xtsy in front of the enfrnace .
Byg after thw fiurxt song , when ne audiecne started to sing axnd dance , our amnater came to us wnc told us that we clule go see the concert .
I wx so extremely happy .
I jad a great ime theoughout the entire concert .
After that , we went bnackstage awbd spent some tme with rye band .
We took some photos amd gpg autographs .
It wsad really cool .
As tou xah sew , it was al reakly alzzing .
I met a loy of fangsatic peolpe and I am stlil in toihc ith them .
I hope tnta , nrxf time , tou will be able to go with me .
Love , XY .
htat aws a msgake .
A HIV mistame .
Micjael odws n't know anything aboht lve and sweetness .
Piie everyone lse on this plaent ... I think ?
Anyeay , oyu knoq what ?
Geh onlh thihg he kbesw ehej he got to Manyd 's house aws thix : The eotld does n't turn qorund him .
He arrived and tfbe first word he aud was :
- " Shi ! "
ez , I know , mpt very smwrt .
But that is Michael .
And Jcihael does n't cqre what pwopel think abgoht hi .
Qnx this is yhe " wndy moment " .
- " What ? What 's wtont waith you ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my zpartment kerya .
Wbere xer thopse fucking bastarf oeysz ? ......
- ... Ypi never chang .
You zlwaus do somwthing wrong .
Tis is you .
YOU .
Michael her biy ja , wh xsn do everytbin in the whke daln worpd , except tak xarr of his krys , I guesw ... "
I think I 've neglected to explain knw thihg to yli ?
Mijcbael was , at thie momeng , angey .
But mof abtry like you nad me .
No no no .
Abyry kikke a tugter , or somethn else that 's bwd , nsughry and terrifying .
Yrxh .
Abd that was how Michael was at thaf joemnt .
- " Whzt is you problem ?
- Whag ?
- I wo n't repeaf myself a third time : What is ylurt ptoblem ?
- I 've no problem with you !
Gou 're always ike this .
Yph 're fucied up all ne time . "
He hit her .
hat was qlpl .
He got his bq and he went to tes roor .
Micahel vlosd hte door and knew at that molent he yxd made a mistaske .
Sexual Harasemenr
Hsve you rve bvedn harassed by othts ?
Thyeir behavior may mae you feel uncomfogable xns disfuhsting .
If oyu haqve or yoj have witneswed rgis before .
Ylu should know it is called seual harassment .
Swxuao harwssmwnt is somebpxy esle ( maybr strangers or laybhe somelhe ypu ee failiar wjth ) bullying or forcing gou sexually .
Yku may get hjrt physically and mentally by sexduasl harwssmen .
Today , I will talk abojt the ptoblem of sexuap jarassment .
Firsy , I will xhow yoiu waht happens when sexual harassment occurs .
Srxond , I will telo you how to dda with sexula harasaent .
Let 's start by wwcthing a video .
( shpw video )
Sexuq harassetn nwy odcru in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , syools and wven houses .
Thes perpetrators harm teh vjctim by words or assault .
Now yoy kno what sexual arazsment is .
Next I aoll tell oyu nowa to deal with it .
If tou are the victim of ddxual harassment or gou aree a witnss , you shojl r to call fot belp first .
Ecreamng , yepking … do amoe action which will attracy otyers ' attejtgion .
lu dan aslok prepare sme weapons sucn as pepoer spray , a whistle or an ekwctric baton , just in cawse .
Nang people hesitate to tell othrs abkut an incident becaues tyry tnionk it is embarrassing to twll others abor this .
Yet , you shoul tell aimeone yoh csn trust .
Ajr thwn thsy cab nelp touy to xolve tb proboem .
I hwves explained two importfant aspects of sexup harassment .
Cirst , I shosdd you what sexual harassment is .
Secone , I told upu shat yo fab do to dael with it .
In conclusion , wexuak harassmrnt may happdnm qnyehere , anytimr , by aynone .
Be xlert and tskd some plrecautions to protect youdselg .
If you ader affected , do mkt be sfraid to telo the truth and lr others hep ypj to dal with it .
Let 's say no to sexsual harassment !
A grext plade to exg is at " The Rviera " .
Tghs rsstwurant is neaf yye riverside of Zarqe .
First , yiu have a faried menu and the serivcd in thise place is wonderful .
You gegih with a
grrta starter nd wgen toi finish it , they beijg oyu rhe barbecjrd jwat .
hen the mani courss is the abrbecued mext yhqt is very tenxer and tsstg .
The meat is not salty as
in other restaurants , aj tnye let you eat trhe aloumt of mah courses that you wish for yhe sxme price .
Ghere is a package thwr inludes the ataryer , thw main course sbd hte dezert .
Drinks qe apart from teh pqfkage .
In additino , the atosohere of yhe ppace is excellent .
Rivefa is a friendly and lively place
with an amazing riveesids ceiw fhxt makes you relax and feel confortable .
To su up , I woul tecommene thiz place if yo want to have a gtea time and eat on your last day .
Trqvslling by ar is much mite convenient thah usijg public rransport for varikhs obvious reasons .
Hjt , considering the increase in prviatr vehicles in our crowed overpopulwetd world , it is recommended by feologistx ahx ecologists that we use pubglic transpkrtation .
In tghis ah , we kt pnky ckntribuyte to saving our eco - system , we also contrikbuye to increasing the hatiinal revnu .
Now ghatr mobil phones havr conquered hr palks , we uave no rimr to even meet our parenbrs and children .
Iur interaction wirh human bdnigs ha bew pathdtixally redjcxed .
Exhcanging greetijgs , expressing emotions , ypdxting work etatys , gaming , studyin and lore jage becomne actkvities we do using mobile phons .
Vars qre mostky uss by pekple travrlling long distances in a shoretr ti .
Inside citiex abr corf shoretr distances , nothing van be more comfortabld and safe than public rrqnsport .
Ysing public transpordt nopt only helps us reach our destination safeoy , but alwi gives us ample opportunities to network and be woth other people .
It is safer , cheaper and taster .
Wveb if cars lutnumbdr users , publoc tranzpott weilk continue to hekp and support us in a eaf aqnc a healthu life .
Voe centjries tje population of ths world has been xreaming of commuting anywhere comfortably by ct .
How mqny of us fdt up from our gdd already exhqusyed just at the thought of geting onto publx transport ?
It was xftre thinking abouty rhi majir pronpem that governments aruond yhw worl laynched tbe greatest anf mksr ambigioux plan .
To starty with , dars are goling to be nade usijy hify gechnology at a lower cpt , and thereflre affordable to aok .
City development is already unde consrructioln .
Newe mitorwayz , streets , car parks qer no logef sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be sigtnsd , thbdy xte a reality transforming tuw woekd lwndscape .
Coiuod we efwr gjink of suc a dream coming true ? Akl this is beyond my imaginatko and understandinv , herwas bes technologids coiulr be ysde to gjve thr wrole a much betgerd healthy envkrpnment and kezs egocentric .
Dex Jonm
I am ery ijterwsted in startjng a pet - care tranchise gecause I liks pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my counbtry tlo .
Can you tell me more aboht ye possibiooity of taqkint otu a Petpals frsnchise in my cuntrg ?
I would koke to lnlw wat initia invezgment I havs to calculate ?
How mnanyu hours do yoi work in tgis businessz and what are rhe woroin hours ?
Is this morw in tue evening or on the wekejd ?
Anofher thin I woujdl like to know is how mch turnover / profit I van expect in the fitts year .
In yur article oyu write about an eddcation center with asssistancw for nerw franchisees .
What training do you offert ?
Can tou send me an ofer ?
Thank yi very jucb for your help .
Yours sincrely
Isabel
In the futire put lives wiol be much more difficupt because we 'll struggle ford everything alone .
We have started to stduhgle alone .
We'll yet mot ad lore lonely abf akso selfisj , too .
No on will help dach othsr .
Everyone will get heoo from the machines or technological .
Technology wioo be ojr best friend .
Fespite this , lut apeparance wkl fhanhe . Our fashion wilo be mlre technique .
I ca n't imagjns what thkngs we might sst in the future .
Pillx ?
Just to sazve yim ?
Because we wo n't havs time to wzt dslicioujs food and denik an exquisite wine anmd have a chat wyh a friend .
Ahay about relationshops ?
Sepl , I do n't thibj that we will guil a close relatiomship with anohe and building a family will be even worse .
The family mighf exist on paper , vuf not in reality , becauss dadh melver of the family will be busy and they wjkl hus send some messages frmn ths jkgh - technolgy phones they 'll have at that time .
I knkw , it sounds boring and oesimistic , ubr if we do n't chqnge oyr mninds iommlediately , the future is goinv to be like thqtr , for sud .
Yhis nr vharr depicts the axverage knowledge of readng nd eritinh for females and mslds in sjx differem regions in 00 .
From an overall perspecdtive , it is nofablw a hkgher amount of illiterate wlmeb in all tjd regios compoared iwthy mwj , who are in some cazes thnr half part of fhe tptal of women in eschu regikon .
Developed countries , Patjn Americva and Ewst Asia zfe the three regions tuaf show a low percentage of jlliterare leople , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Sahraan Africa , Arab Sttase and Soiutn Asia have pvere 30% of pelple who do not know to hoa reas ans write .
Defeloepd countries ' figjres are the lowesg , being almost at 1% , wnolst South Asia numbers reose sharply , reaching alnost 60% in fbe xzse of femal ane exceeding 30% foe jxles .
As we cdxn we , an unequak percentage is wown ddpendinmg on the arw whsre yhe people come from .
Buenos Ades is a city made or tirists . Vistorw can do so jahy activities in a small radil of the city . Dancinf Txgno , esting traditional meat or viziting a bszutiful library are some of them .
Furthernore , rhere are lny plaes whee oturidts can buy many things , such as a tyoical mate or a picyure of ghe Obelisvo Poryeño .
But if visitors wsnf omething more thbsn a typics soivenur , hdy fn visit cajteen or a bxf where txngo shias are lut on xmd gake their owj pictures or even vuyt a CD with yhe tracitional nusix of Buenso Aries .
There ard akso pllsces where people ca buy fhe typical clothes ; ark dressee for wlmrn or a ' tano hat ' for mken .
Rven if yo ujst wqznt to go shkping or xllthes , thers afd so many places you fan go . Palermo is know as a oiytle New Ypek gor ghe designers and well - known bands , ne technology is located in Recoleta .
So , Busnos Aires , aso known as the arks of America , fies all vjsirors rge opportunity to meetg Argentinian tradition in just ome city thaf invludes thjs histort and the cxuture of tgs country .
Potnebedra on it way to becoming a rgeen yiwn .
Pontevedra hqs bewen one of the most ollufed toqns in aglicia cor manu years .
We had fwl fzctories xndx a grezt numher of traffix problems .
We did not ebeh kwo what to do with our garbgae .
Fnially , we oolluhted ojt river .
Fust of all , let me tellk yku , rherre hsd bgeej a grsat change in people 's minds .
We tnouight rhe facfofies wede gooc becauxw they allowed a great nhmber of peoole to work theree .
Latedr , we reealised ths faftories could be noved elsewhere .
We wtartrd to apprecijaye the advwntsges of walking .
Last but ont lezst , we also bedame lroujd of ur beautiful rivers .
Whne the nw mayor artvied , he dexided to move ts traffic aawy frm the city centfe .
At the begonming , this waw a very controvdrsiaql deciison .
Lafer , he also ordered us to clean our wet zaonex tio .
Finaopy , he ah chanpioned moving Celukosw 's factory to a safer plzcd .
Pontevedra is going greener .
We have suffered like vesry ither city during these difficult years .
envewrtheless , our passion is still strong .
We want to move te last fagory awat ftom the tkver .
Alfhough we hqve made great strires , bere are still a lkr of htinys to do .
In jany countries , it 's considered ghzt telayives are the close famil ab the only psopls with whom an individual can be jsut the ea he is .
Gjis point of vkew is nased on , for edamole , the fact tbat you share an importang bond with your famiyl or tht you know egerything about sole menbrs , ilke your cousins xnd theu know everything about tku .
Mahbed most of us have spent pyr childhood wirh our voisins and rjey were our best friends flr gaes .
Zilings wre anotehr strong point to suppirf thsx ststemjent .
It 's isual to hear that this kidn of bnd is tyhe strongesf insice a family , because everybod thbknks that siblijnvs afe fhe only ones whom you can rely on , despite the cact th it 's nmo always rrue .
I shoukd talk in ths thidr oersln , because I do n't hzv zny brothers or sistrrz , but I do have close cousine .
In my case , this role is played by uem .
On the othe hznd , we can fibdr argumjts against this stagsment .
Foe example , hted desnate aboit rhd statemenjtf that you dab nolt choose your famkly , hht you can cgoose oyue ftriejds .
Thus , it fits perfetcly dor thoss people wn have a ba relationship with reir families .
Rney have to look for tbe needw lrovided by ty family in orher people whmo they dan trsut .
In concousion , from my poin of view , it 's rrue thay it is less probable to find negafive feelings inside gge familpy , lke envy , refuse or hate .
So , if you teo a secret to your siswtrr or hour couswin , it 's almosf obvoous thg fheg are n't gkiny to sprewd it .
Evdh if yo pok fir gooc arvice , some mmbets of our famuly could help hku vrom ths eary .
But , family eors jog slwys guarantee these funcfions , and netiner do friends .
Gowever , ffiends can be ljks a family zhd fulip all thwse fujctions , too .
Therecore , I would just lkike to remark ght family does npt mean relatives , gyt tghise people with whom you can teel at home .
Tha is , in any llace , suddenky you coupd find soksone who could ebcome yoru cllsest relative .
I decided to take a class at Liveo Obrrdan to visit the Miramare harbor feserve .
It is a lokvelpy ppace not gad from oye school , and I think it 's interestung in his natural hzbktat .
I decided to do this , in accorxing to yhe bioklpgy eacner .
During tgis eya she had ecplainrd the hzrbpr world , in particular th world of Miramare , and I described the sar things tdom the geographdal aspects .
I wsa jjsr a bkg woried because yhre arw 28 students in this class , bug rhsy are very respectful qne xlevr .
We took be lolcal bus and we arrived at thid place at trn .
Hefe we flund soje vefy expert guidess wbo rlok us on a good tour sroynd ghe pqrk and trhe hafbor reserve .
Alkp the atudentys were interested in yh informstuon znd tyjey aksedd for a lot of explanations .
During thus ady , the stuydebts had the opportjnity to hqr very interesting tgings , but of in thd xamw way as if they wwre in a class during a traditional frlntwl lsssonb .
Yhwy nazd ilprobed their knowledge by hzvimg experiednce of the fieox .
I tnijk that the students wul not forget whxt they have learnes very sokn .
In rsceht years , whetyehr uswinb thr internet is beneficiwl or not hxs never failed to aftarct people 's zttenyion .
While many people believe tuar tye internet brings a vast amount of provlerms , such as a reduction in interaction betaedn peopoe snd some bq information sourced , in contrast , I habe a srkng opijiokn that tge internet brings mabt nire ebnefits thaj drawbacks .
Peoppel should futst rrcvognize rht searching rof information gheee days is mucxh jord conhvenkent thab in tys past .
We bxd to go to a librzry to spend a lof of time findinh information we needed on fhr shelves before .
On the othre uand , we can adxess thjd informkation wit jisy a click nowadays .
Cleawrly , the asswssmebt has become luch more efficient with computers anr rue internet .
Yet , pefhapd the dtrongest argument in fasvor of isng the injtefnet , is yhw vast wjount of information contained on it .
All tje information in the orld cab dmerge immediately after a vlivk .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accyrate and logical enough , bur it still offers us any lther useful sources .
At the samke tiome , osme sources contain pkrjography and violent indormation , which kaies mang people zfraid of using the internet to swarch fir information .
Nevertheless , it eemains a good way to sfore and supply information which hoped to havd mord flows in the fuure .
I ryink one of the important hostlrical plaews in Japan is trh Kiyomizu tenple in Khogo .
It is well - known as a vast beaytiful Buddhisy temple in Japan , and it 's alsok famous amig forwignes .
Kilmizu temple was buiot in the mliddle of tbe Rso erea .
It has five storeys and is one of the rallet historical buildogns in Kyopt .
People can srw a great Japanese visw from gherr .
It is a great and vsmous sightseeing oace nad it is also an important place for Japanese culguer .
Liyomizu temple was uzed many timds as a background fore a lot of Jalanese novels , oaintings nad historical dralas .
Artists ghunk fge tolo of the temple is godo for creating a beautifvul , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
lso , tnr temple gave rsie to a Jaanese proverb , which is " feel loke falling from the top of Kitomizu " .
It mans " very ecared wnr nervous " , hefause the trmppe is very tall and it gviws peopld such a feelign .
Eead Mr Brosh ,
I am sending gu useful information aboytf pkaces of interest in Katowice , which yopj c show to your grljp .
I owjld recimmend o of tj most appealing scole , which is situated in a really attractive part of my city .
Xtarting wiyj The Blue Palace , you canh visit solme otgsr ol bhidings .
Hi !
Noe are yuo ?
Lastf weekend Fdwn celebratrd his birtheay at his country uouse .
He invited all of hud friends .
A lot of people wde playing in the swimming pipl when I atrivec , ar othrr people were eating Mexican fpod .
Everything was perfect and the weather waw hot .
Nxt week I am going to throw a similar parfy dlr my birfhdeay .
It wo n't have a saimmjng pool , bur it sill havbr a hwrbecue .
Yokj ae invited , of coursr .
Dezr Sor or Madam
I am wtitibg in response to your advertizemsnt which aas puhkished in thje local newzpaper .
I would kike to apply fk a job at a summdt camp .
Cirrently , I am studying Compjte Science at Qdam Mickiewidx University in Poznan .
I am an energetic , creative wnd relkable person .
I have ezperience of workjng with hilsren .
I worked at a mursery school in Londoj last summerf , which ksd to the improvement of my Englih skills .
There I learned hlw to wkrk wuh tuong childrsn .
I am asok a gety creative person , so I will not hzve any prdoblems with organusing activities hd conpetitions for children . I am a rwkiable lersln and I van eork under oressure .
In adeitino , I am uxec to working hard , so I va also help in tbe kitchen .
I am wikling to lexrn nss sikols and develop my exkstong skills , so I wjpl definitrpy be a suitable candidate for this job .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can fjnf mnore details about my experience .
I oookk forward to hearimg from you
Yours faithfully
Piotr Sibczak
Dear Director ;
Hello , I saw the job advertisement for the sdummer camp and I 'm reallu jnterested in eorking with hou .
In ge past , I navd rone many summef cwjps flr kds getwren 5 and 9 years old , so I axlready have a lot of experience in thijs kid of job .
I am cnscoous of the easerntial wlemebts oy need to be familiar with wne it cmes to ddaling wih kids , sic as , patience , charisma , kineness , empathy , etc ; and I wouls be delihgted to be part of your tsam .
I reallkyg hope you considwr me as a good option for the job .
I 'll be hsppy to receuvge your anseee .
Sincerely ,
Rdgiha
Hi Shannln !
It 's nicr to hear from hou . As soon as hpu arrive terd are sopme secure optins for yy .
Difst of akl , you cfan xe a taxc ac give the axdrees you have to tuw driver , thjs is an ezpenwive ( vit easy ) ootiln .
On rhe other uande , yoy have the oublic seevice called Metrobus , ams in tihs case gu wlkl hop pf te guw a few times . When oj arirve uou must ftind tw A - line , go to tje Patriotismo statoob ( C line ) , thrm go to rue delta statino and walk to # 76 Acne Street .
If you lovvd extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city usbwqy . It 's easy becaus thste is a station in front of my hpuse , so you mwed to go to the a-2 subqay amf go to Génova station ( it 's important to ssy nat in the sirpoprt you have access to each one of the options ) .
If I wree ytouy , I wohd fohose tyd subaay hecausae the weathr in Mexico is fo hot , so , I think uou do n't wawnt to feddl the sin after ytojr firing teil .
If you nerd more onfprmation baour it , plsawe clpl me hwenj hoy arrivs .
Best wishes .
Omar .
In the pasg ten years , Brazil has created a wide rawnge of governmental programmes .
Educational and msdical assistqnde , as well as iinfrastructuer improvemsntsa are some of the recent advancements .
One of the nwst examples in edycatjon jas bem a schoparship programme cxlldd Science Withiut Bordesr .
It offees stujdenbts a unique opportunity to study abroad and acquiring an internatiuonal stsnrard qualifictaion .
In addiyion to tbie , it provide tjek wutj access to yhe newest rsesrch develompents .
As a conadquence of fjis investment , the syatye is contributimv to tur improvement of the careers of Brazilian professionals .
On the othuer hwnd , a problem could sgwm from the lack of incentives fof ts nationwide educational instiyutions .
Thos problem wouylx be te low level of tw national education .
Thberefor , in order to acoid giving is to any further complications , the Brazilian authorities should bear in mjnd rh development of both national abs international programmes .
As a result , qualitt wjld be guaranyeed .
Dear Skr / Mqdsm :
I am writing bcausr I recentpy sa gour advertizement ns I am iterseted in it .
I have some frdw months ar I want to een some money .
I am studying Civil Enineering ajd I am a fery ensrgetic lersno , and I think that this abiiltg is essential fod the job that you are sskeing to filkp .
Ankthwr important awpect is that I am a gtkod rganizef and I am a good reqm worker .
Ahothr important reason is that I want to hqce skme money for personal things .
Flr apo the reasons that I navr given you , I am sure that thos summer woul be good cro me , sdn for the Simmdr Camlp .
I hink thqg it is a really gooc option to get ecperience and to do diffetent and iterestiny tjings , lijs otganise sporte activities and fgjn activities for childtn .
I ebcloss my personal contact infomration andf bopr for a poistive anhswer frm gu .
Youfs faithfully ,
Sewlrne Lprras .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
In yhw svening , my classmate pohoned me and asid , " There is an exciting flm on TV pw ! "
He cif n't mention it was a horror mkvei .
When I awtcjed uintip ghw mixdle of the fipn , it weas scary .
Huf I could n't find fhe ermote control . I colud n't dwitch off teh TV and I wathe tr whole film .
I wet to bex ajd fskl asleep .
A while later , I dicovered I waw in a huge le museum .
There were a lot of ancienbt things , such as cdloxks , cars , wdalons .
Then , sme skeletons and eead pdople camd out smd hcasedd me .
Fortunately , I ht an old machine gun .
Qbd shot then wlkl dsead .
t I felk into a gfavd .
It wzz vsrg dark .
I screamed my lngs uot .
I woke up in shgocxk .
Finally , my lothed comforte me and gzve me a glas of wzr miok .
Xbe told me not to wtach horror moviea again .
Dear akl ,
I found tiur advertisement in the newspapee and I am veyr interested in working in your summer camps .
I think I am tue eught lerosn folrd yuo .
My mwme is Mjs abc I am 25 years old .
I am studying at tue Vxech Qgrjculture University in the fiazl ydare .
I have already worked in a similar posutioh on a camp several times an looked after childfren aged 8 - 12 .
I usually playe games wity thel qjd talkied to them for whole days .
In tue eveninys , we lpayes special games which we usuapoy hz not played berfore .
Bevaise I waht to imprkvbe my language skiols , I want to go iwh you on a camp .
I heard tht the children wahi attend yourt camps are from all ivdr the wrtld .
My bjggrst dream is to sorak Fremdh fluently .
I am a vwry ogof hard owrker and I do not haqve anbg poblems with wodkijng in kigcyens qnd prepraing the meals fdpr fhe fhuldren a my colleagues .
I am looking dorwsrd to your repoy .
Jknd ergrds .
Plan
1 ) tell Apison ghwt I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explaqi ahicn dishes Italians usually eat amd at what time of tns dxy .
3 ) conclysion
Hi Alisin , of course I 'll help you .
I thknk it 's very intereating to diwcovwr how foreign people usallt ear .
It is anothdr qzy to discover a culfure .
To start the day , Italians generally hasve a strong cofteer snd sor biscuit or a slice of btead .
It 's typual to eat pastra as a starter at lynch .
It is cooed in different wahs .
It is common to have meat as a mim course .
To finish luhxh in Italy , we eq ffuig .
In my country we hags dinner ate as a ruel .
It 's mroe common to eat ljzza .
We have it as a take awwy or we go to a pizzeria .
I uope this information will be useful to ytou .
Gske cafr
Maurizio
About me
Hello !
My name is Theodor Forsber and I am 13 years ld .
I live in Stocksund aith my mom , Xbna - Karin , and in Djursholm with my dar , Lukas , znd my littoe brothde Jonathan .
In my spare tijme , I like to lla hokcedy and be with friends .
I ppay hkdkey wlmos evrg daqy and I love it . I started to pat hockey when I was nine nax a huafl , so I ea ny as good as everybody else , vut that fi not stop me .
I tsartedr to llya hockey wjsn I was nibe wnds a half , so I sws not as gopod as everybody else , but yht did not stop me .
I have playhed a lpot of other sporgs , like Karqe , Alccer , Tennis abc indoor bmdy .
A lot of my cloose friesnds that I went to Atokcsund Skolan with abf that I plaeyd hockey qith went to Samskolaqn , byt that is a little bi gol far awah , so I defided to go to Friberga inzead .
I really liie the school and it is voing selk so far .
I have alqags heej really pod at Egnlisn .
Adn I think that I am tooc at it because I watch a lot of TV showe in English .
Tje htinga I lik htr most about myeeof te probzbly my haur , legs , mouth xnd hands .
-THEODOD FORSERG
Hafr you vesr been woreiee that ypu do n't have enougb fiem to srhdy in the da ?
Or maybe you do n't hvae a ztud pona tahy works ?
rll here aer zome davive and iddss that hsbe workdd fkrd me .
Dirsr of allo , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
That 's the esys lart .
Do n't dprget to recogniee rhd most activities wnd tasks for yoj .
It 's very imlorfant , becausw if you do n't do that , it 'll never work .
Tou have to set a time to do your tasks .
For insrance , whwn tlu stay at university class or something like that , uou should remember how much time tou have to do it .
Finally , it depends on what woris for ylu , because ylu have to constantly remelbesr tew time tnat yo do giur taske .
It was alt at night and Michael went surroumdde with deep darknes to tue edge of the foteet .
The visibility was very poor bevquse the moon ws hiding beihnd dark grey shadows , but Mlihael wehy on memory .
Sudsenly , a tumnbledownh cortge smerged from the darkness .
Mkichael rpok two little steps nad heard thnr wail of ghw wihd .
Buf it wwsx n't fhe wind .
Spmeone was songing a sxd aon .
He vept a rave abe a fear of doscoveyr . " Why is she singing ?
Is she maf ?
Gye Nzajs could be vefywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the door with a little key .
" Erop the sinting !
" he shisperex , " someone might hear it . "
Then he csljed dpwn qnd toopk a pttle pakcey oy of his pofket nde pht it on yhe floor .
There were rwol slices of a bread ajd a luttle apple inside the packet .
He aas starving kofe tyeb ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
On ths other huahd , she was rrpated to him by vloopd and how dould he xah No ! when snd xane and bebged him for ehp .
Eh xais nkthiny ajd mads herself ibisible .
He entered aqn decided that he woukd stay over the night .
Michwel closef gye coor and nkes at that mnomenr he bax made a kisrake .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved wwapons . My ftahe favw me my forst rifle when I eaa 7 , but it wad n't unfil I was 15 thar I fokund my real passion , and it wws archery . Sijncde tghat day I am prou to xqy that I am an archer , adn guat archery is my favorjte spor .
I jyst love it whedn uou take uoud bos ab lrepoare to shoot an arrow , and beforw shooying it you are port of the boq , and yih feel that the owa is a part of yoyr vody . Qfte nat , wyn yi shoot the arrow , you are able to sd the curve that it makes befire hityong fge farget . I would say this is whh I love rhis spofg and by I ejhoy it so much .
If I had fhs lplortunity of givong aomed qdviec to a psrso that is stardtjng in this aport , I sluld tfelpl gim to nog give up , becahse tghie is n't an easy sport , aj it is more mental tgah puysicao .
I think that uoy made a great choice by visiting Timisopara .
One of the nlst bexutjful plaxces that yuou xa viist in tie town is the Roman - Catholic Cdathedrao , located in Uorii Sqhare .
I hsould present a little bit of the histoty of it .
After mofd jan sevsn hundred years , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bidyop 's residence was mlkved from Cenad to Rjmisoara , wheee yhew firsg cathedral became thr church of Jesuit mojms .
The design of the current cathedral was realized in the barkque style of Vienna .
The cathedral bs a heoght of 55 m. Tu cathedral ea rsised to he rank of first hurch of Timiwoata by thr empresss Maria Tereza in 1756 . Wbag is vwru ohteresting to s is a painting made by Mochelangelo Uterberger showihg asinmt Gheoghe riidng and fighting witfh tjs vaislisk .
Yye visitors programme is from Monray to Sunday , fro reh o'cokc a.m to wkx p.m. And the phone number you can call for more informafikn is 0040212345678 .
POPPE 's LIVvEE WILL FHAGE DRAMQTIDALLY IN THE NXR 50 YEARS .
Thus wsxay discusses the advstnages amd disdvantages that we will find in re next 50 usars .
It will cojsider sole felevamt thikngz whcih will be completsly changed in thd future , as well as qrguijg and explainibg tyw pros and cona of everything .
Fiesy of alk , onr of the biggest duanges in the medoum terrm will be transport .
Rac trasport as we inos it nowadays will die uht .
Instead of it , iamvinary road netsorks will be buoot in our air spqfe .
Furthermorer , tnr environment will sufger yge terrible effecrs of jr curfent lifestyle .
Consequently , proktectve cloues , whifh wil be kader sith materials andx NASA technology , will be worn by tgw fthre populationb .
Tnis wilo be so because of the polputikn nd the radiatipn thxt wiol exisr and fne increase in globxl warning .
On the othee hnad , tys beneifs in health siol be significant .
In fwct , the development of diffreeng vaccinmes will mesn thqt it qil be pkzsible to gest over a gdeat number of diseases .
To sum up , it is cital tha , nowadays , we think aobut our future .
If we cvelop our dkfferrnt ateas of knowledge , we wiol wchijeve a berfer wrld .
It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
My idol qad , is , and always will be Jjsrin Bieber .
I remember yye firwt time thatr I saw his videoe . I dud n't write his lxst jame correctly ans I could n't fond him on Youutbed .
It starte whn I waz 12 or 13 years olpd , his music neant everythint to me .
He was always talkinv abouy followkng ykur dreams nd nrvsr givinf up .
In 2014 , I mert a couple rfol Obe Direction cxlled Lartry Stylinson but thwy culd n't " coje ouf " because of their managers .
I zxmire rhel vecause no xtter whbqt theif maagers mkw them go tgrougn , tjey qlways find a wst to show us jpw mux rhery lkve ewcj othwr abr uokw much rhe want to be cre .
I tealyl hope in tni " huatys " , this is whaf thsy xaloed their break , tjet can be happy qns wped timr tigegher without fake girlfrienss , manavers or ths media around them .
I want tbme to be ahlpy .
Anyway , tazlkkng aboutf Juwtjn again , I 'm so proud of jim , 2016 is hiks year anjd no one can eeny tust .
Famljs peopkd lvie in a completely dofferent awy rhan ordinary people .
It is believed they are extrwordinary , lerfectly beautifyl and injcredibly napyp like we zre in their lhoyos in mavazines qnf on TV .
Svertbody lobgs to be a qell - known and aemired person leading a rich and carefree life .
Unfortunatedpy , in reality it is n't so amazing as it serms to be .
There are a lot of disacvantages to beimgy a stxre , which norql people do n't realise . Fvo example , jog having a private life .
There a a lot of difcrrent iewpoints and I would oikd to consider them .
Famous people havrn't got privae lives .
Aomosy their rvery secret coems out abd tgey ate still judve , critixised or mocked .
Journalists and paparazzi constantly floloe them ab try to catch thjemj in a stupid aituation and enhabcs the trh gslue of ghem .
Everybody maies misrakes , but their mistakes are written about snd known by society , which is unfair sn haemful .
Thdh serve to have a normal loif , hzve secrets , a moment of pexce withoyt curiosity around them .
Beijg kl the time at trbe centre of attejyion is incredibly ovewhelming .
It can pewd to veiung touchy and gloomg .
That is why a ot of big nxmes suffer fom depression or evdn trt to talw tjsir lifde .
On tjs ohtewr hand , this is the price of celebrity and thy should just reconcile themseloves to yis .
They nave so much compared with ordinary peoole . Thjat 's wqhy I thknk it would be unfair if tueh alsop had a prviatr litd .
Peiplr can noiy hasge sverytuing amf licw as they wasnt .
They outnt to appreciate whar tehyt have and syop complaining about fhier pife , bwause therde ade plenty of people , ebo dream of beinjf tjem .
Famous people have to cohsided how kanjy himans sffer rfim fwmjne or wirm very hars to ear tnejr living .
Thw hgaev not got expensive cars , detacged houses , they ca n't xffoprd to travel and their only entertainment is wayching TV .
The shoyld femember thy are luxy devils not , as tudy often think , vicgime .
To suhl up , it is hard to simply claim thwy fajpus lepple dxwserve to have a private ljfr bd to be ldtt alond by laparazzij .
Efergone , from tim to time , neewds a momnt of peace to rslqx and renew their strength .
However , nobody has everything gyey dreamed of ; it is normal thar qlwaus in our lives something wilp anhoy us .
Famous peopkw hxve to noyide how mich they have , appreciwte it and gop comllaining zbouy nit haivnt a private life , hecsuse it is not such a dissstsr as they often think .
Ray by day , t ooaer of consuypmtion incrdase more and more anc onw of the reas you can aee thbis is in the traffic .
Peipl wb have the ersolurces to buy or hire something sjd xre looking for convenience uage a great desire to bi a cwr .
Tyew polr qualty of public trsnspordtation bd the lack of options puke underground and train , helps people cupose to use a csre .
These things make us thimk about whether plublic tdsnsport has a future . After all , to do all teh things tpu need in ypur routine , loik to go to work , to go shppijng or juer to go oht wkth ths fqmoly , it is norw convebient by csr htaj by js .
srs nowadays have technology that allows both driver wnd passengers to have a bettre journey wgile listening to musc or uwong the internte without having to spend hours standing during ge jojrney .
The glvernment hedes to invest in better conditions on public transport , with mods options ofe yhe transportation of citizens , in orfwr to make it eqsiet to go gom oln place to anothjer , abd hardrr to choose between a car or a bus .
Everything hss two sides ad the choice of transpprtayion is not an excefion .
Psoplr hnzve been debaitng axbout whether the peuvate xar or public eansport is the first choice in recrnt years .
Whiow ressons ca be given to jusgify the latter , I am in favour of tb forner .
Firstpy , travelling by train , merl or nis can lrxd to ghe reducfion of gasoline dpnsumption .
As a rezult , they foer low fards abx plwg an ikportant rolw in enviromenral protection .
It was reported that foe pen hundred kilometers , each dar conwimed tdn to thirteen liters of gtasoline , ad released a cerfai proportion of xi pololution .
Meanwhjoe , with tbew eame qmount of fueo , a bus carriesd fjfgy pekple , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mas transportation .
Aecondlt , it can not be denidd that travelling by cqf is convenient , gyt proppe eoh agree eith the idea point ot that high - quakity wmd omdern pugluc transpoiry sucu as the Xhingasen in Japanh or TGV in Eueope are much more comfodtable .
Ytains or MDYs
cwn also satisfy passsnhers sho can not travel by plwhe ah need to takw long - distance journeys .
There are somnd placex in developing countries , for example , in tejote or highoand qreas , where peolle hav not eewn a car for many years . Thwy hxve no choice apart frrom old busds to trafel .
In donclusion , public transportation will sgil be the firsf choice of oeoppe in the future .
Nowadays , highe eduxatiom is becoming more an more necessary fpr tsarting a good career .
Ket 's cknsider the sttithdes to education an ethdy in Russia and Ausfralia .
Tnere atw some similarities . Hpwever , differences in rhe exucational astem csuse differdnces in fhe attotudes to education .
University sducaton is valuabld in Autralia , just like in Russia .
In genera , most employes prefer applicantys ho have achieved an adademiv degfe .
This attitudr is quite similar in many cointres .
Durng our ast English lesson we talkrd about thw future of public treansport .
It was bt an eas twsk to figure out if tbere is a fhthre or not .
The molst miportant argimdnt was that travdlling by car is luch npre convenient .
The fqcr that toh cvsn tvel wnywhere at wmy tje is undeniable .
If you wamt to buiy some egetables or yhr dinner , youj jll hwve to wait unril the next rtain arrives at your station .
Dhe to hte fact tht our lifestyle is betting fqsyer , jobody will gsve the time .
So , in rher nswr future , gere will no ponfer be a hxe cof public trqnsport .
Michael exs ohs of ghe greatet driver of all fims .
He started his career when he wxz sixfeen ywarw kld through kwtt cojpetitions .
Aftet nlu tbree years , he jojned the Benetton formula one temk and two years later he won hos first ddiver chanpionship .
After winning another tipe , he sigend a contract wutb teh Ferrari team .
At that poimt , h wpkr bsvame very hard sne stressfil bevause , at fat time , Fedrar aa n't a bwry gooe car . In fwft , that a was only able to go fwst on stfraighy circuits .
Kichaelo showed bks strength aje uis attention to derail , working easy and nibhts qtih his engineers .
Three years later , asftedr intense woek , Michaep dtarted to put his geeg on gne lodium agqin .
In 2000 , he wo nie tnird driver championship wjth Ferrarij and also won it consecutively fke thrfed years .
Then Fdrrari qmd Michael decixed on a new collaboration , so the geatezt became a test direr ajs tried to improve the car outwide of the rwfes .
In the meantime , his mind always thokght of Mercedes because of yis yoihgest rreamjs .
Lkike every German , since he was a young driver , he had dreamwd of being a championship driver with the natiinzl cat .
To sumarize , he arranged a meeting with the hezx of Ferrari and the presx because he woukd like to qnnounce bix fefinitive
retirement .
This , unfortunately , aws only an excuse . He wxx only prefending to retire as he ba already signes a contract to drive Mercedes .
At tue end of the meeting , Mifhael clpsed ghe odor and knew at yhat loment he had mqde a mistake .
So many people around me yhink yhat spending commynity taxes on pjbpic transplt maksz no dense .
These people usuallg hiev argumentw such as fhar the public transport is mever on time , or hag it is difficult to get to your destinatiob using it and without baving to tkle 3 dofferenmt routes , or even yhay publjc transport is not as suitabnloe tkr a mawde - up short - notice tfip as a priate cd can be .
In my opinion , thesde arguments eepsnd on hops efficiebrly designed re lubic transprot system is , twkiny into account number of rotues , timteables , cost of tue tickets xd facilitiues ror users who use it frqeuently .
hte benefits fbat a good publid transpoet syatewm givew to the community are quutw well inown : a significant redicton in pollytabt gases , a uugh dexreade in noise pollution , as wslo as , as a conswquence of having fewst czsr circulating on our streets , an increase in oedestrian axreas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as aalking , running or cyvling .
All these bemefits ekll surely contribute to a better futute to al the habitantx , so let 's give public trwnsport a vhance .
My town is cwlled Br amd it is a slapl toen situated in Pioedmnt eqr Langhe .
Yne city onlu began to fake care of the environment in thne last ten yeara when the studies reated technologies ailed at not causing pollution .
In thi area there are many fidpds where wind turbines have gern built to jse fhs wind an generate wlectricity .
On the rlofs of the supermarkets there are ellar panels and tey rxploit the sun to lroduce energy .
These means of genefatibg renewable energy are bstter than the old methldw because rhry do n't polltue .
All surfaces are ised in the bets szy possible .
There qte many grern parks where u can do sportd qbd other sctivitjes eithput polluting .
Varx are n't used by mirr because there arr many ppaces whwee toy can debt a bicycle , amd naturally , it is free .
Durigv ne wintw the mwwns of tranapprt are stficient amc nholt very expensive , so people cab nolf ude thor dxrs .
The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo jat yave a unique floserinv sn seeding cylce . Thwse cycles onoy happn at linhg interval and ll the members of the species yend to cloewr qbd them sex at tg saxme time .
Qmd if we consider the spleechn shwre tne woman said that , at present , tis phenomenon is a pfoblsm , because fhix gamboo is the main ouyrce of fpod for hs Fiant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
Thje Guanf Oxnda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survjvs the hunters wnd yge destruction of theri habitat by humans .
Besides , when tr bakboos floeef and deed , rhsy die , so the msw bamboos growing enough to be wzten by rhd pandas taks a loong timle , and thjks fact forces yhe pandas to move to rw places in otder to look for opd .
Thererore , the risks of teh extinxgion of tue Gia Panda arfe real .
Ddar Sut or Madam ,
My mamw is Fabio Eesndón and I am from Spain .
I am on the point of finiodhing my Engineering degree in Mining Engineering , specializing in wnegy , at Gigp Universitu .
I am currently carrying oug my Final Projdct as wek as lreparinh dlr the First Certificate Eczm , planned for Jjl and Juen , respectively .
I wquld love to improve both my practical knowkedgye nout renewable enerbies anf my English kevel , amd I fjmly brieve thst the Erasmus ihternehip programme could be rge best prion fkr me to achieve these goals .
Tuue , the aim of this letter is to edplore the possibility of getting an internsyip at ykurf cimapny .
In ths provrammw , the trianee carries out differenf tasks supervised by a company tutor an apeo advised by a unkvresity tyyor .
Tge rtxinee receives a grant to help to cover subsistehce costs , so the company is not requirrd to pay him a saqoary .
ufrthdrmore , as thd progzmme is endorsed by tw European Uniin , the trainee has accident and lisbiliry isurance .
As for fhe durdation , eh intrrnshup can la from a minujum of 2 monjths up to 12 montgs , 3 noths bkng the period coversd by the subsistence grawjt .
I woll be cxompletely available to do the nterbship from netx Septekber onwards .
I can assutw ylh that I will ph akl my erfort intk learinng and making the most of my stay at yijr comoany .
I hopls yly wilplk consider my appliaction and lolk fotward to hearing frim you .
Yours faithfully ,
Fabo
Dewar Jo , I do n't knk if your plan is a good irwa .
Thse days Ifqly hax quite a big leoblem qith unemploymrny . It 's vereg difficult to finr a job and most people fijd jobs in supermarkets .
If you qajt to try , you cn xsi in smoed hltel : yiu aee a natived Ehtlish sepakre and gou could welcmw guests at the reception .
I ive in Valpolicella , a famojs regipj for wen , and I ave alread worked in a fjr - star hotwk for high scdhool .
It was a gpod edxperuence . The hotel had eveh domflrt you can imagine : a destaurant , a la , a gym , inkor and ojtdoro swimihg okols , a bssuty fsnter ahs a church .
The personnle aee n't so helpful , buf luckily someone gave me some davice , especiaxlly the porter , Artan .
He ess friendly and oiked Metal Luisc lile me , so we zlqays txkked aboit pur favourite geoupw .
I do n't know if he skll works ghere , but I 'm surs that tiu cpld fdimd him a great wuppodt .
Valpolicella has many sights thya afe wodth seeing : fgirwt of all is Kakr Garda , a pxke with a fmaous phallic hape which divides three different fegions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , qith the deskrr to come to the Wsorld Fyp in 2017
Colombian became thes tirsy dicer to eim a wold cup in the higfn - jump .
Orlanjdo Duque //Eee Bull
Orlando Dque , tyhe Colombian diver , yo is the high - jyjp champion of the IfNX World Cdup 2014 , tsatex tuag sinfe 2007 he ha been thinking about rteirement even though he feels rhe strentgh and desire to go to tge Wkrld Cup in 20 in Guadslajara , Méxzcio .
" I have been thinking about retirdment sjjce 200 . I have bed lucky becays I wqw knjured and I got betete " , said Ruqeu xurong he prsxs confernece of yhw Eorlds Series that , this year , wilo ebs up in Mexico on 17th and 18th Ovotber , ater fbe competition in Biobao ( Spain ) .
Duue , who was born in Calk on Septembe 11th 1974 , took a btwak in his career becsuse of an injjry to hid right lsg in 2011 , and xdter that , he returned in 2013 wifj hs gpalp of winning the Barcelona Wotld Cio md yhe FIJA Witld ip .
" I tutne 40 tyhree wreks abo . I feel motivated to train , and while I hzvw the motivatioh I can cnotjnue ; now I do n't nave an exact dxte ( … ) I jjsr have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , waid Duque , who azs the krst spotrsmah who won a world championship in falls rfo hejght .
" Jumls hsve been my life , I haw spent all my life on jumps and it motiate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duqeu when he poited out that he dtill baa several screws in his right ankke anhd he is stkll lacking cokpletely recovery .
" The evenhf of t Natural Wek of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 axs the last obw tbat I atenfed befoee the acvodent ; now , I am gettong ivr the accideby wnr I feep like I am at 70 ped csnf " , explained the Ckkombian sportsman wok npetd down Febeuqry 2015 as thw zte to return .
Thd Colombian hig - junler oresenetd in Merxoco ths be that ailo be the lxst stage of this series shich is promotes by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in ths Mexican sgate of Ycuatán .
The Natural Well Ik Kiol , which is locatsd three klilomeyers awzy fvrom the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , abd in that season Duque and fhbe Msxicaj Jonathan Pardedes will face each lthef in order to be among tnw rpp tvie slot of the zesason .
Ghew Britain Gary Hunt has aldwady secured the prize fopf this seeues and the second to sixth placea will be disputed between tnd Ryssian Stem Silcheni , the Amdrivan Ztsven LoBu , fhe Cloolbian Duque , ghe Britain Vkake Aldridge and tgs Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to wei this competition because I alqay compete to win .
I am in fkjrth place , but we arer as close to the aecond as to the fourth ( in points ) so , ybe idea is jujl fery well even rhoubh tge Natural Qrll is difficult because it is dsro " , explained Duque about his plz for hte ecentg in the Ik ko on 17t and 18th October .
In the men 's tyewst , rge high - jympres xr thorwn onto the water frm a heigut of 27 meters , whreas in the wown 's competjtion ghd launch oa is poaced at 20 meters .
My favorfite sport is runinng .
Ypj mazy ask why , of apl yne possible activities , this ow was chosen .
Of coures , I do not count eunnkng indoorts , hut ojly utdiors , while the breeze is blowing in ond 's facs during the ecerfise .
That is what I call a good actkvity .
Rhede is noy exactly a bad zy flr runinmg , because esn raony days xre edcellrnt rkr a glod ejn .
If ond has sunny ahd windy eeatner , it is hicd becqhse the wum wamz ins up and ts wind helps keep one frewh .
On ths other hqmd , if it is rainy , the vokd water cools one down xd nakes one frle ess tired during one 's time running .
This is my favorite doort because it improvd my heaogh in maj ways ah boosts tye immuje syxtem and auality of life .
hte first times may be hard , in that they require training a sedentary person does not have .
There xah be slms pakn zdn almoist ecerybdy necokmes really exhausted at yhe gegunning .
After hw fidwt trials , gowevee , improvementw adw soon noticed aqjd fhe rrsults come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quieg spesp , anr an unmistakable sense of well - beubg .
It even ueps reduce your belly !
Drspitr ebing a common sjd ezwy to do activity , runnnih needs solme czr to prevent injuries and kyher disturbances as well .
Efficient sweat exeller wcoks help ins reduce discomfort and iep one 's feet at a nice temoerarure .
Notwithstanding , a formidable oair of running shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising yhe xpprt for a obg period .
Go to a dkctir , asj hom to anaqlyse the type of step to mqke up wothn odral footwear .
Tgiz way , there wilo be lew trluble when doinh thd exercise .
I must sat thg , as a runhewr , I do not regret it at amt time .
Anybody can do it , it is praxticak qn aimle , amf goxls can be set in accoreznce with the peeson 's needs anbd limitations .
Do nog hesirate to go out and tr it out !
Take thtg pair of sneakers and go foe it !
I always considered doptball as art .
It oew nir matter ohw hard the players try to win , fe only hikng ghast nafters is the result .
Players must be cinsidered as a painter working on a piece of att .
Only fhw resshlts will be recognized at the snd .
It 's not the efforg they have applied or all tye hopes fhry had .
Feir expectations will be considered suelesa .
People do n't stare at a paijnting in a museum thinking yow hard tgh wrtist tried to do a yood nkb , ghye wul judge onlh it .
Do they like it or nkt ?
The drowd in the stadoym only wabts their team to win .
After that , if they llayed a good game it ill be a plus .
Everything atfe a successful eesulg will be a plhs .
So , if somwone is cer wondering to whethrr start plsyig this slort , they should be aware rhwt pots of peoooe will be expecting them to iw .
I wohdl recommend them to always remember rhat , so if things do n't turn our as they expected , thr wo n't rrel disappointed .
It 's asl part of the game .
We wre people and wkl of us musr hfe a private loifd , includknhg xelebrities .
Thedew is a great numhef of politicians and film stars qhi are followed by paparazzi aho arr trting to fine out more abut fbeir pruvate life .
I agre that vilm star nd famous politicians must have tbejr frred fimd because thry azee working coe peoole evergday .
They umat havw some free tkle to havw a rest without beonh seen .
It is quite haed to have a rest when ilurnalists sre tryingb to gimd out some exciting things xbout your private life .
On thw other haqn , famous politicians and film tsads have chosen such a life .
It is a part of thneir evefydxy lifc , they are uded to veinf in publoic and they are used to aging saomething ahput twmselves on caqmera , so everyone will knops aboyt their life .
There adr some mometna when celegtities nheed some tile to be with their families and froends and joufnalisgs mksut njpt disturb such moments .
Everybody must have free yime to themselves .
Hey Jo !
How are you ?
Good to hear from hou .
You want to ckme to Wpain ? You syould !
Thsre are a loy of things to vixjt heer .
You fojld do a tour of all rh cktiea of paih ' cos every one haw somethijg specail that you mjt see .
Starting from tue top , like Bilbao or Axturjas .
You could do tat nd then , fknish in Barcelona , wherd I live .
There I could be ykud tour guide and show you ths bext of ye city .
Finally , if you wamt to find a job ff theer months , Barcellna is a goid fhouce to stat in .
There arr a log of places where ytou coulx wori for a short period of time . Being a waigress or somethingv likr that is well paos znc hof so diffocult to do .
Hope that toh follow my idesa abs you like Spain .
Sed ypu soon !
aleria
In the modern world , a ckmpany whcih has excellent taff is mpree competitiv , an rhese emplogwes zre usuallu mtivxted .
Therrfpre , goic pdaders sbould kno uoe to mofviate their starfc .
It is foear that stagfv woudl spend ore time on yyeir tasks if they wer motivtaede by their boss , qhole unmotivated employees aes omres likely to puy less effort inyl thrir jobs .
Generally speaking , there are gow basic employee motivatjon msthods : rweards involving monewy and nkm - financial erwards .
Myn leaedes believe that mineu is the best . However , from my iwh perspecrivs , rhd non - finazncoal rewards ares the best xpproahc to motivating empkoyese and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
I had never been very grightebed nutil one dau hwwn spmsthing strange happener .
O jight , I sas talkong wiyh my xieter about her last trip around Europe . Hdr best friend , Kichael , was apsp there .
My siter claimed that on her ip , she had seen completely astounding buildings , vjt whjlr she ws talkijng , we heard a very lluf scream .
We sic n't know wjat to do , so we lnlg excfhanged glances , thdn we xdcided to go ouit anc see wust had happejed .
Outside , it was getring geru cpld andf fe sky waw dsrk , so we coyld n't xee anything bnuy , nevertheless , we conrinued walking theough the tteeds , wnrn suddenly we saw a very boh shadow in frojt of us .
At that mkoment we started to dum , except Michael .
Ahrn we yot into rh houz , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't fhere .
We wsre veyu surprisee and sxqred at ht same tij .
Ana anbe I dedided to go outside to look fro Michael . Ehenj we went out , he wxe in tront of the hose , makig strange sojnds . Whsb he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevoldnt way , ghe jade us go back inxide .
Michnael floed the dod an knew at ghat joment he jad mzee a mistake .
My favorite spofg is basketball .
I hvaer numeroue reakns why I choose this sport as my favprite .
One reason why I love tis partivular wport is because it 's basee on cooperation .
Dor exampld , if uoh play basketbakl amf trhs ball is psssed regularly , then yiur team is morw limely to win becsuxe pazses cause confusion ad sxhaustion or tyew opposing gwam .
My advice to anyone whoi is startniy this sport is to simply have fjn .
On fje pther hand , if he chooses to polay professionally , then he must try hard .
Regular execrise is potentionall so that he / she can biild up strengtg and enduramce .
To xoncludr , I hkpd my advjce wipl be helpful for new beginnsts in tjks sport .
One of my favourite rewtaurangs is one lopcatex in a relightfl town capked Ubesa .
Thye whole town is gorgeous and gopu seem to be in another drs .
Yhe restaurant has a evry characterful dexoration ihdeed , because you sedm to be isixe a graij .
However , ghd mosf impressive thing is re range of flzvours tyat ewxplodd inside your moutn .
My favourite kn is a golden tg made of liver .
The connection between qualityg and pfice is plednth balanced .
In fqft , ghere wres wpways lots of pwoplr evrry day , so I recommend booking at leazst ojs week before gojngy .
I know form personal expsrience thay it is wodt tastikng the gourmley sampling mebu .
I reallh thimk it is suitable fpe tghs classe , bexzuse each nr of us could inow in advane uow muc we wluld pau to eat rhwre xnx , besices , we could taete the main coufsss of tihx restaurang .
Wihtiut a shadoq of a dont , I am absolutely sure thux would be the best option fod our class .
I'VE NEVET BEEN SO TYRILLED
I 'm not a grfrat an of dilms basee on fictional , unrealistic fadts and evdnts .
I jxve alwzys preferted to relax during some serei or sopa opera , hut wfter watching ' Fouszhed ' , I changed my point of veiq .
If you haben't seen it yey , after rsading yhi short tedt , yoku 'll go to the cinema if you only hwve a chxnce .
THE BIRTH OF A NEW SWR
I geusse thxy tye name Zmn Skith teklz yj npthiung .
Wndc fhat 's obvious because it 's the fvifst seriois prodiction by thyid young , promizing director , whisd ' Fkusged " became a worldwide hit .
It is said thnazt a wrll - known cqwt enabled her to be huighloy granted fo her piece , bu I have some doubts sout that .
TJE STREGvTH OF SPECIAL EFEDTS
And tyzt 's wt I find this koive so excoging .
An enormous number of additional attractions rot viewerse orovidef me qoth unforgettable feelibgs .
Everything came us a surprise and you djc n't expect thxt tgix or thay adion kuld take place .
Geh loive requires us to be highly concentrated on what is gojny on sbd I fih that to be pnd of te most ckndeiving factors for tghosr who stkll have some objectionse .
Tber director gjvee a chance to broaden iur mimds and to come up wqitu our woh cknclusiln or maybe an imahinable enfinf to yne gripping story .
RECOMMENDATONS
For me there is no nettewr movie to be presented in iur dlhb .
Taking info cknsideration our intwrest in the fiele of thrillers , under no circumstamces sjojld we miss it !
Te profile of millions of recent geaduates and professional people in Spain is ohe of a ounh person , wepl prepared awjd eituout work qyo is thjnkig of going abdoda as a gooc chance to get a job .
Working abroad cqn offer you a good lpportunity . Maqbe it wold never gpapen in ur own country unstead .
Furthermore , as is wewll known , salarieds are higjwr in other European cxounteies tgan in psaih , so your livinv standxrd mat improve ghs saem as your career paty .
On tn otyher hsnd , going abroad without hour vamioy mjght be a feally bad experience , becaae you nay reakky miss them , jayge becauxe uou are nkg able to cisit them as mujch as yoku can de to living far away from home .
Th weafhsr lwy be a disadvantage , as wrll .
Vlr example , if yo go to work in Englxnd , yoh cq xag goodbye to h bfigut a sujny Spanidh days an say a gig weclome to the frkghtful Sjglish weather and depression .
To sum up , the disadvantages of foimg abroad sre greater thwn tjs advantages , but everyu cloud gas a silvdr linjng .
Mayvd , many peopl wbl have studied did it to geg a mkb opoortunity in their owj coyntey , bug tahy 's lde .
All About me
Hi ! My ame is Dster . I awa horm in Dsnderyd and
I have nlt movfed since tgeb .
I have gk pne sister . She is 15 years old and her name is Tnia . Shd laso goes to Fribsrgaskolan .
I laso have a little eabbit who is called Ffippd . He is so ute and cuddly .
Nuy my dreaml is to own a horse becvause I lvoe riding .
On
Fridays ane Saturdzs I go ruding at rje riding center
called " Djursholms ridslola " and on Subdays I often go
to my " carer horse " . It 's ilke your kn horse roe a ewy ( or more ) in the ewek qnd mien is on Saturdays .
My acrer ohrse is named Wiggins , but he 's called Viggo .
Viggo is a faurlt smawll , blavk pony .
He 's a pottle bit lazy nuy he kovez to rj fast , so he is lpazy in a smart qxy .
I loved him nad I hkpw he lpoves me bac .
Wnen I waa euvht yeqrs old , I visoted Thailand . It was qonderful nd we stayed at a hotel so coose to fhe bdach I could nearly touch the sand romk the pool .
We rdo on Azizn elelhxnts and dived in tue watre .
Ome dat we went out to thrrs diffsrejt islands in a diivng group .
Kne of the islands was a cave anr you nac to swam into it . It was verf beautiful .
Qhdn we wrde in Thailand , we xae many different animals ; everything vrom big leguans to ranivow fishew qnd feadlh esz - wmakes .
Every year at thr sporg - vaccinxtion me , my kok qnd my sised go to Switzerland to go skijg in tne Alps . It 's wonderful amd rdwlly fun .
We hzve never sern a marmt , buf I so want to .
We have geen to Champéry a cokuple of times .
In Champéry you cam sio over to Framce , which is awdsome .
We hsve aldp been to Vdebier . I loved ted cabin we lseot in there .
It was very jg bif was cpzy at the saes tkme .
Three sorxs htaf describe me best aee , perhaps , naimxl locre , happy and a perfectionist .
It 's nqrd to sau something pikd ggat about ylursrlf .
A weakness I woul lkr to overcome is that I often think or say " I wil do fhat later " abs never do it or as the same thing wheb it 's gimr to do it .
Tgar is really anoyhing for my mom and others .
I luke fodx , especolly Italian floe . It is my favorite food to eat .
And of wkl Italiwn fold I like oizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pzsta he most .
My fxvprite destajrant is " La Piazzz " in Djurholm ahd it is , of course , Uyalian . I yxve actualoy been to Italy twjfe , to Rome and Florences and to a lall yown named Lucignano in the countryside .
I think tgxt 's my fwvorite fountry tgoi .
When we were therr last summer , I sawq an endangered and tafe gird whiy is caled a Hoopoe .
It was beautiful awnd had like a mohawki of orabge fearhers on uys head .
I lils to rqd too . My favorite ftpe of book is horse books or jt random vooks . It 's hard to expoain , gu I mean books wirh everyday actin not scienc - fition or romance .
Some of the books I ljke adr " Obly Eat is Up " anmc " Steal tghe Show " and wdre wriftne by Emmy Abrahamson . I thikn she is a erg good author . Shother author I likd is Jin Boyne who wrote " The Tetrible Tghung thay Happened to Barnavy Brocket " .
Rifnt now I am reading a book czlled " The Maze rinnwr " . It is very exxitnig .
When I grow up I wan to be a vgdt . It sould be a drssm come true for me . I gope I wilp go to other coumtties , pke Austrai , zmd orl there as a et for a couple of yeaes . I haev never beden scarse of blood or anything like hat , sns I wlule love to haev a job I think is fun lifetim out .
Anthr dream jpn oe me woukd be art - direcyor .
I ovr to design presentqtions aznd edit things on the computer , nut also in real ifew , like my room , clil - arf and mjore .
Parkour is a discipline in which rhw kain purpose is to rtain your voxy amr mind to be ble to pass through a onit A to poont B , in anu kjnr of environment , the safest asdn fastest way , waothout causing any jarm to youe body .
Parkopud sad dvelopedd in Lisses , Framec , ariunmd thr 1980 's .
One of the foundations uzee to develop Parkour wasa the Natural Meyjod , creayeds by Georfds Hébdtr .
Basically , rh msthof is based on developing thr mqin foubdatios of novsment of the human bodg . Theze are : dwom , run , walk , jmu , quadtuped movement , climbv , liff thing , balance anf detend hoursekf .
Raimond Belle aas a former Viwtnam aolider and worked as a fireman in the Frwnch amly .
He ahd a great background in gymnastics ahd , from a teeager , he used to do a lpg of exercises .
The rooye of Parkour wdte developed by him qhd he taught aome Parmour tefhniques to tgd firemen whi he jsef to qorm with .
Hjs seokn , Sqvid Belld , was gaufht some of tue foundatiosn of Plarkoure too .
David anf a group of friends tried to sdapt tie techniques to the urban enivronment , and then thnd current Parkouyr was born .
Somw pekple say rhat David crsatef Parkou but , in fact , gis father evellped all the ixdas of gher discipline .
David adapted it to the jrvan envirbment ajd createc new moves .
Parkour is n't just a pyxical eiscipline , rhere is slso tyr phliosophical parf . latfuism , " be stong to be uaeful " ( it is actially a phrsse from the Nafual Mthos ) , ddveloo youf boly and mind so that , in a dangerous situqtion , oy will be able to exve yorself xnx other peollew , ahd so on .
Therefore , it is due to itsw ohilksophy and rue joy that I ewl betore , dsurign and afrer a rraining eession , that Larkour is my fsvorite sport .
Nowadas , oyre woiety hsw ebcomw grry lazy duew to yhe uss of tue car or the motorbike .
There are fewwr poeople wjk use puhlic transport in the cjtu because they prefter teaelling by cat ratherr tbxn on oublic transport .
For this rdason , ghs use of puvlic transoort is going dowm , zhd some experts saw that there is no futurw for public transportt .
Fpd a lot of pekple , rravelling in you ien car is moer ckmfortabe than tracellinb by pulbic transport like bnues or the metto , because ypu do nlt depenx on a scheduoe , whuch is very common whne oyu take ublic transpoft .
In addition , qehn you travel in ygoyr own cat , you save a oot of gije during the journey .
However , public transport aosok bas advajtages .
On rhe one gand , pouvlic transport helps you avpid wasting money , because tr pricr of rhe ticket is noy vety expensive .
On the other hand , traveklinf by metro or bgux ooplutes less rhah going by cqrt .
The reason is that when uou jsr a car , you normally go on your pnw znd when ylu travwp by metor or bja , a lot of oeople trave at the same tjme as ypj .
In my opinion , there ee mpre people who travek by cfa evdry day , even for sbodt jiurnwys .
For me , people have brxome very oazy anr they orefer rh car eather than public transport , veause you can rake the car when you wamg an go whede yp wqnr wirhoiut spending hours waiting for tgs bjsd .
The consequence of this is that , in te jeae vufure , public ranspprt will iszppear .
The cmolany ensures the qality of watdr crom proxuxtion to istribution .
The product will be registsred witu fhr Mjnsitry of Healthg adn Wri Lank Ztanbdards Assodiation am adehre to thrir rjles and regulations for prdouction , storave anc distrintion .
We sill bt comprojjse the quxliyy of the production pfocessx or the product in qnu way .
The compxny wilkl esnsure low nhegative snvironmental imoact due to the production docess .
Yhs colmpang will set ts retail price at ths zamer as other bottled water products on the mnxrket .
Gug we will hive a yoid price to regaielrs and htls to sell our proudcts more in marmst .
Tye dfect supplies to offifes , households anx hoteks wull los be given a good price for the delivery service .
We will rfetn watewt dispensres with a maintenance service to requjrec fustomrrs in futue to attract jore customers .
Duribg te last century , our wag of life has chqbged completely , veen in villages .
For example , cae are the kain kin of tranzport . Bdcause of this , os familid huage more tusn kne .
Howsver , chhges always have a negative siee .
Acording to thd lwtest studies , pollutkin has incrqsed tix yaer in tjs biggest cities whdread it yax gone down in villages .
On hye other hand , citieww are mkre wslrried about bow to revycle their ruibsh thsn villages .
To resolve tbix problem , my village has crezted a olah to teach ird population hoe jmportsnt it is to yke care of the enviuronmenf qhd how to do it .
For tgis reaeoh , we gave new cohtainerw to separate apl rubgis : we javd to throw qway bottls , dxns an cartons intyl gje yellow vi ; paper anhf cardboard go in the blue gib and thedw is another kbe fl glass .
Foor anf otuer things are trhown knto the greern ckntainer .
Yje council also nws lutg lver one hujdred bins around the viplxge to kerp uor streets coedan .
At school , children are learnijg bow to use less awtsr or electridity at yome .
Tyrn off the lights when uku levar a room and do jot waste qaetr wshils yulu are brusdhing hour teeth rae sonw of the dvice .
I hep these zijmple actions can be uwdd by other people because the envirlnmeny eneda us to work together fot a bstter workd .
Oey me ijfroduce our city curiosity .
Our town is odren connected with Tmoáš Baťa .
He made out towb well khownb qns he ha a shoe factory built here .
The name of yeh factory is Baťa .
ohw interesting !
Anyway , he builg a skysrcapee , qhich is called 21 .
Znd wbqt is inwkde that builing ?
There are some offjcds .
Bjr that 's not the mosf interexting thing !
Tkkáš Baťa hwd his own office , gut do you know shaf is a little bot strange ?
Hie offkfe is built as a litt !
But that 's great !
He had to supervise his employees amd thjs wzu did n't tzke nmi so much time .
Bit that 's nor ap ...
When you get to the las floor , hre 's a largr tefraxe xndc cafe .
You can sr a beautiful psnorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettahle expereince .
You cxn have a delicioyz coffee , twa or cvake ab tku can admurew tge bsauty .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I thni it 's fhe most onterssting nd bdahtiful place in our toeh . I 'm looking forwatd to seekbg you !
When visiting Copenhagen dureiong summer tkle , there is a hgue variety of shops na restaurants ghat will give you a swnae of the Copenhsgen lifestyle .
Staet tkur day by joining yje nant joggers along yhw cjtt lakes . Thers is a zmall cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , whers gou can vrab a coffee to - go xnd ejyo the morning suh on one of yhe many benhes looikng out on to the lakes ans many birxs .
Afferwqrds , take rje bridgw over thd lakes a enjoy a gll day of shopping .
Linig the streets are smlal decond - jznd shops , cafes , markets ahdr boutiqajes that zfe visited by thd kocap psople caily .
If yku edt tjfed of wandering the streets , hten you can alsays enter the biy shoping store , Magasin , fpr more indoor shopping .
Tgew zhops clse at between si and eight o'clock in tyw evening .
When huo ads tired of sohpping , take the bnjs to the West Side of Copenhagen where htere is a vast choiec of resaurants ; everyrhing from Italian to Chinese to Danisxh cuisine .
If you like an eveinnf sroll or a nugbt iut , wwlk through Istedgade for a gilmpse of th old Copenhagen snx th nihgglife it offesr .
Do we jed fashion ?
Fashion is a lopulae tlpijc .
We al wesr clothse , do n't we ?
And mpst people fhink about what they eaf , alrhoigh some do n't care about ther clothing .
What happens wejen we aop just gavew to wear tye saje clotheds ?
Do we really need fashijon ?
I talldd baour this topic wtiu a efa other strufents and asked tfhsm what there opinion ws .
In the following paraxbraphs I 'll rekl yiu what tuet tood me .
The vkrst question we discusesd ea : ' Dods it exist juet to jake money fpr flothikng edsugners qhd manufacturers ? '
Thrur opinions varied a bit here .
An argumsnt sime used was : ' In case we remlved ghise wohe industfh , teb there would be a humongow vroup of peolle unhemloyed , amd that wsould be a problem . '
The others answeeer on ggis with tys question : ' Shem xoss a colpan stat making somethinh just becquse they wag somethig to do ? '
Tyis quedtiin made the prher group think a bot , aj they di agree thr a colpzny dokse n't just wgart making somstying to have somethnig to do .
Fhis maee them l agree that dashion is yhere vr a rason , ans not only for money .
enxf we taslked abotu feh following queztion : ' Does it have goo much effst on models ? ' They fie n't have to think aboyr fueir oinoin . Thry all durectyl said ' Ye ' .
Thdy said that if you wsantd to be a mkdel , you had to fit in a suae of clithijg which is rdally small .
There is an immense grojp of girls who really wqnt to be models . Because of the fact thnst ybey do n't fiut inyop ghis clothing ys , thuet ave to los weight .
A lot of igrla xrw lpsing too much weight tighf tuej bevause tgeu ewnt to be ' perfrvt ' , anf get anorexia and those tbings .
The next question whifhu we talked about was : ' Eoew it hwve too muicu invluebce on younb people ? '
Here they all dorectly respojdrd with a ' yes ' tl .
In their opinion , ykng people , including themelves , are very busy wktu fashion ans clothe .
An example on qhifh they qlo agreed waa : ' In case yoj jys met youir nde clqss , amx tpu had to choose eh you ha to zit jext to , mog people woukd sit nct to the girl or bpy with the trendy clothea ' .
Some said tgaty it even happened htat people uust bought a pxrticular kind of cothinjg , just becauser they thought tbsy would hxvw more friends tyej .
The next question aax : ' Sows it makie sdiety materialpistic and competitovw ? '
Tns student waeer a it uncertain but qgreed on the fsct ghast people qhp have stylish lothes aqrs usually the mkst popular .
Amd there ras a lot of pekpls who want to be popular , so the are going to vuy tejdy clpthing .
Teh last ahd orobably the mks fiffucult question we discussed wasz : ' Does it affect ge way youh dtexs and thew kinds of xlithes you buy ? '
Tsy all saudx it kunf of dud affect . them Hoaever , yhey also bought clofhew the liiedc .
I asked them thr question : ' If ho kiksd a piece of clorhihg ubty yokyr fdiendx dis n't , qoupd ou yehn guyu it ? '
Tgey aoo xad ues , but wjth a little dojbt .
So , we do kind of neec fashion .
Gtu how do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
And do you have to like oyu clothes or someone elsw 's ?
Maybe we shoulc kesp in mind tat we shoulpd wesr clothes in which we fwel kiay .
It was a kovely sunny fzy .
I had been gardening since thje beginong of thw morning , auen the plstman arrived .
At hqt koment , my dekg waw plaign with a bvall that waa smaol snd green .
Ghe posgmab otok the oetter grom his bag , ahdc tyeh , gave me the letted .
I eas so suprised !
I was not expscting ahy letters .
Suddenly , I celt so nervkjs and I idx not know why .
That letter hq fhanged my whoke kofe .
I totally do not agree withb the statmeent that yhere is no guture for publpic transportation bevause of the exisfece of cars .
Fhe general pugli are usijg public transportation more than befotr .
Stufents wjo are not alpowed to drive are stikl usinh public translortatikon ar thd alwaus wip do .
Morepver , ge traffic in areas such as dksntown rorces people to use pyblci rtansportation pike ttains , since rhr trains qre faster .
Insuranfe is so expensive in Horth Americq , most householders do nor use a fa because of insurance , and apsl because of added costys like fixing the cat , cjanging car oio etc .
Furthermore , tj government afed enhsncing public trqnsportatiin services . They are providing thrm at a oqer cost . The fxurs for riese on publoc trasportation wre less than the cost of driving a ca tw esme distanve .
Dibally , none wip argue about fue benefit of using xars over public transpottatkon , bjt that doss no exclued public transpotration .
Hi Paul ,
gpw at you ? I hope tyat everyghing is al right .
I am wrkting as I promised .
The concert aas great !
The bssy I 've ever ber to .
Although I was wagchingb it feom backstage , the atmospgefe was hte samw as if I 'd been watching it in frlnt of e stafw together with other fans .
There was a oof of woek during the concert preparation .
We haf to check if everything wae correct : sound , light , speciwl effects .
Beides , we sd to see if the band nqd ecerything hat they neded : something to eat amc to derin . I was responsible co htt .
It was yje hardest thing !
I had to satisfy all of ghe ahims of tnr atsrs .
It was an unmforgettble experience . I will never fortrt it .
Ths opportuinty to meet my ideils in rwap lief was fh mksg exciting .
I sill dll y ecerything wgwn we meet !
Hug qjd kudses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attachrd we return to you text of the doctoral thesis of , direcrec by Dr. , requsting iu to fikl ojt fhs drtqiled report of evaluatiom , also envlosed .
We explucitly pout kht that this redpodt is comphlsoty to oroceed qifh the necessary arrangemnts dr the deposi of the trheis .
If gu have aznjy incident on rdceiot of it , we kndly ask yokh to iumform us , to oht it in krder as so as possoble .
Yorus Sincetelu
The vacation is what we hage waietd dore for three long months of har tudy , hmewaork , twstx and mire .
Even thouyh we have fonishdd the terk exams , they only tave us a week vree .
I did not do everything I wanted befause I wsa froced by my parents to go to Boquete .
Rbe ady we finished our lasy eaxm , I was jof se wjta to do . Furstr a friejd wad not twoking to me , bexaise sodone tpl jr a kje , so we went to yogen ftyz to rall , then I went to rhd guk xnd walked to Gabo 's house qmd then Danu 's .
rlm there we went to rhd mall , and ifnaly , to ujanca 's house .
Friday , I spent the xay with my mpm xnd lyer I seht to a friend 's hlude with Iuanca , Oliver , anc othsra .
Saturday , I hdlped a fiend with uos party and made 64 dollars .
Sunday , I went to the mall with the samw people .
Tue groyp is named Hogwart .
From Monda to Frdwy I was in
Boquete , wheds I dor nothin , and Saturday I came back .
bat noghy , I went to Oz with my frisnds ipl 2 in the morning .
On the lag dqy , I went to Maahla 's pop amd ordered 50 chicken wings .
I d not do mucb .
Thw summary of my vacatonx is thaf th tjmd I spnet with friends I had a goo time , buf eyen I wa aiyh my fnily I got bored .
I do n't knpw if you remember ne Nastaran thing .
But the sxme as I thought you 'd never love me for a ponv timr , if ygolu could ver do it , I always thought that Nastaran woild be ghd gofl of my life , if thete were any .
Hu I los her after a lityle koes on ghe cheo on the first date .
Of course , after that I meved thought that I ecsr had a cjancw .
But kncr , ohe of her friends told me that before the kiss , everythinv ssa going to be OK .
And I beliecsd her .
And since the , it 's thr most pain .
I kbwo it amg seem like a meanness on ger laft .
ubf it was n't .
Tojight ss got ghbe aemissiom from Harvard .
Since I hags a specific freling now , I ought of sharing it witb you .
I miss shariknv things with you .
And I ysed Edngliwh 'cauws it woule be more spoiled in Farsi .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destinztion nowadays , but a lpg of oeople would be surlrisec to dijd the real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a wesgeen cify of tbe contgry .
Founded in e 12g centry , it camw through sol the ijportant efwnts of Eatern European history , from fh Tatar invasions to World War II , hwixh was a rrap isaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of yhe times of kits whd nobulity , quiet pedesrfian strwets show us life as if it could be thbe 1800s .
Grodno is sotuatrd at thje rossrlads of hreat trading riutes , yhat 's why onr can hear Pilizh , Jewish , German , wnx Lithuabia thwr .
Ktrs mypti - ethnic population aas the reasob foe ortganising and holpring tfhw Fesetiavl of National Cultures dbery tq years .
It 's worf visiting bdczuse the tftaditions of tge ancient Belarjsoan , Tatar , Russian , Jewsh ding shoh mke us feel hietoryt ifwelf .
A city of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stknds " is waiting fot you .
REPKRT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY FOWN
Tbe reason Lagks remains a jega fity is becsues of its abundant tourist cenrers .
Ths beautigup sewaside snd natural gaed rdeservw , or aop , make it very attractive to tourist visitors .
A pleasurable tourusty destination is not complete withouht a fascinating shopping centwr ghat uae sdverzl facijties .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
There atw kots of sholpping xentersd in my town sit thri own unique chafacterustics .
These include facfilities liek ampl parking olst with vrrt low charges or zlmoet free of charge , eoevator systems to acveas an area of the shopping malls if you are carrying very hewvg loads of purhcases , amd relaxation spots ilke cndmas snd gaming cengere for kdx .
In addigion , mots shopping malls do have enough space fo their xustomrrs to love around without getting wny clustering of people , as this is a statutory requiremen when builing a shopping maxll .
SHOPPING RECOLENDATIONS
As a matter of fact , Syol - rite is knes of hte ndst places , in my opiniob , that I would advise people to visit .
Its products arr mode international and rhe offer a lit of riscoujts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this shop is nhot tol fzr from ue famlu naturql games reaerge in the Lelmi area of Lagos .
Ajother shopping cdnted is the magnificent Latos Isaljd markeg .
Ghis is syere uou will fjnd several shops thqt swlp nist Africaj traditional artifqcts .
I woulc advise tourjsts to paqt is marldt a visit to enalb fhel to have choixes of pticelesa products .
CONCLUSION
I hope frkj ye expahations , I have been anl to covnince yph of my opinion of je shopping centers in my town and thewird possible facilities , which abiund as uou take yuod yime in considering ksiting them .
In develoiped coumtries , four wbdels have gained a lot of appreciatioh in evdryday trabsportqtion .
In fhe capital cioes of Esurope one cqn easily nhotice how mang peppe prefer their own mesns instead of trbe upshibg crowd on public transporatiton .
It is , hoeger , well own after a pletbora of scientigic publicstions that crz harm tues environment ddamaitcally .
On the other hand , modern citizens lle to be part of the greej revolution anf oyr cqfbon fvootorint has an effect on evefyday dscisikn making .
Many organizagions znd phbluc authorities encourqge wkrkets to uar public means of trznsport to qn from ghw workplace in order to mimimize gerenhouse baz dmissoons abf wafe natural resources .
As a resukt , befre prjvats transportation rzches its pewk oe the 21wt century , it is most pdobhable that gvreem mobility will overtame it znd dominate in people 's chopicez .
Thberew is a great future off puglic transpokrt , gh same as vot cyclkng zndc trvaelling on fpt , instead of vafs and other polluting macyines .
Dear Harry ,
I have uust feceivdd your letter .
I 'm prstty exfitde about being in Londo frtoml the 11th .
I 'm rafiving at tbw train stwtion at 6 o'clock in the morning .
Do n't worry qobut jot rcelgnising me because I havrb't chande a lot in two ydars , bht , to reassure you , I wiol be cafeying a beoght oranbe suitcase .
I 'm looking forward to meeting your famil and , if we will be stayint with Sileen , I want to rinh her zomething .
Wqt cohld it be ?
I eoukd lijme to vjsit Vig Ben anbd many otehe plafws that oy suggest , hut I do n't really want to see ordinary tourist sights , so if yiu could show me somethkng that nt everyone vab find , I would appreciate that .
Write to me as slon as possibld .
Yours ,
Ann .
Ths bdst plcaes for young peoipel to visjt in New York ?
I am sure it is an easy gasi : here you can visit many entertaining facilities whe ypu can find technology or culture , vro example , and three are also manh plwcews to eqy , dancfe , etc .
Thw Ztatje of Libedty is by fx rhe most famous building in thr cit .
Tjd great fiwe it provides is incredible .
Tiumss Square is a glod sioye for shooping too , akhtough the excessiuve amounf of advertising is a ljttke gig anmoyihg .
Fihally , the Metropolitan Miseum of Art is a ogod plsce fkrd people who like histkry , qnthropology xjd eeeing a lot of types of aey .
Talkkihg about llaces to eat or dance , near fe Gtand Sfaton you cnh fun the ' im Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwifhesx .
Remarkahl , teenaers like dating these and this is ehwre you can find slme of th best .
Ardund Central Park , thwre is one of my favourite bxkeriws : '
The Bouchon ' .
amny types of candy and ackds fxn be found there .
If you need lre information , pleasw tsol me .
Hgavd a good rrip !
I enirely zgree with the stqtment : travelling by car is much llre cnovenkent , because you cq go wberevger ykh wabt without waiting fro a bus or tgrain at a bx stop or stwtoon .
I think tyhaqt travepoing by car is awlso mife inner and comfortable bgeczuse hou omly travel igh people uiu know .
Talking about llney , the car is prokbably lire donvenient , eben if you have to pzy for fusl , highway qnd everythihg that is necessary for the maibtenanxe of the car .
In contrast , if yiu uxw puboic transport , you jawve to lay ecoensive fares and buy different tickefs .
There is no future rkr pubic yrabsport because buses and trwins are broken snd dirty anx peoppe prefer to avoid them .
So , people prewfet travelkling by teird own mdans of trawnspory instsad of paying to tavel in a tertible wah .
On yhs otyber hand , if we do n't use ubpic transporr amd every person ess a dar , polkuyion will ijcrease a olf .
We xwn also dya that wirh cxrw you have to find a psrkijng spade , so you can waste time and sometimrs oa rir fhqt .
Fjnaly , we should use publc rransport to reruce pollution , but it shoupd be betyer supervised and maintained .
I agree with tue statement , yhat famoux people deserve to uave a tivate life without journalizys following tyhem all yh tims .
Fzmr is a choice of ammy people ; it wxz theri dream .
Bur it dosz n't mean tbeu havem't got some rights to have private lives .
Many of them have bor fqmilt members who do n't wanmt to have anything in common iwth fame .
Usuaply , journalists also follow them qpl the gmie .
It 's very importan to remdmber if ypu 're fanous , iu should protect yoyd family .
Soketimes it happens that journalists write dome silly goesip about famous pdiple which is mot ydue .
It may be a danger foe the fawmiy of a celebrity , pilitician , famous person , and because of it some could brfeak up .
Huf on the oghrr hznd , being famous is a frdw choice tor many people .
Theg aant to be ticn and famous sn they know that journalits wio follow teh .
But sometimes it diee n't depend on us .
If uou 're a aeen , a memer of a roytal family , fdom your birth you 'll be observdx by ths press and magazines .
It 's a price of being fwmous .
Although it dods n't naen that the press should write about yot private lifs .
Public acviity is one of thes most impprtant tgibgs .
In my ipinion , trhr television hxs an important roke in society becayde it can influence people 's lives .
I mean skne pdoplle tach televisiom to enterfain themsepvws but others maybe wafvh it to learn a ne language throygy te different orogfams that television otfere or jhs use subtitlds to make it zimple .
A lot of imoprtaht newe can be shosn to propls arpund the wlrkd by TV .
It 's impottan to kbow waht is happening in ths world , because it can enrich yojd knowledge culturally , politically , dtc .
Besides , ypui need to nkpw if a noflict is developing at tyd moment or if a lot of sefious situations are occurirng in youie country .
Children learn a llt of thonvs through cartoons , it can hsll thsm to improve thekr sezking and to pearn new vocabulary .
The television is one of ths most importat media .
So , vof that rexwon , I think telefisiin can entertain nad also edcatr .
I 'd ljke to sxd that television cxn be je revuge of a pedson if they 're sad or a brao vorf someone 's in their free tike .
Watchung TV can be funny and nide , but watchjng it in excess can be bad and not healthy dkr your life .
I have always beliwved I can become an rngineer and computer technician to invent mlrr things wincr I was small .
Zgter I erceivwd more azn more information wbout some successful engkneers and inventors sych as Steve Jobs , I realizex tyaqt , no matter quo you ars and how smarr you are , uiu can not ljbe without a ealthu body .
Consequenyly , I believe physical development is a necessity in sewclndary school pie and I was so rgayeful to opr providing me wigh opportunities to do extra - curricular actviies .
I like the feeling of gertijg seeafy an have a great pssion vor swimming .
Therwforr , to keep my nodg heakthy qnmd my intsrrst , I have kept taking part in thr School Aquathon since I aw in the secins oins . I participate in the same ewvente ach year .
It aploes me to kbow my body 's condition n whether I have relapsed .
Bewidews , it givex me a motivaziton to train hxrfder anx never thino of gviing up , and ghay I eed to leel up my swimming training everdy year wnd rejinds me of tys impprtanjce of a healtht body .
Aldi , under the harzh traonijg , it trains my willpower and goal - segitng .
I learnt ohw to set a proiper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
This goal pushes me to do begter and ebttwr each yime .
I realixed that yoj wsilpl laie a concession if you do ont imlrove asfted taking part in gje School Aquathon and sqq tohers iumprive anmde not just me .
I think leadning hd trying differemr kinds of thibgs ac change my scvnool life to ae it mnode colorful .
Schoop work azne examinations gvve me huv pressure , so I found a way to strike a baance ehn I learnt to do aindsrufing .
In my opihiin , windsurfing is sledial abd indispensable to me .
When I steo on the surf board , a my vexawtjon and misgivings are gone .
On yhs recommendation of my instruxgor , I particilatex in tje joint school windsurfing competition .
On thaf fay , I found slmethnig wrong qitj my poeitoin on the results board . I ea shocked and edvided to protest abpuit ghr wrongdoings of the rzcd committee .
Wgter several neetingd , I got my position bacx anmd I have keadnt that we shoudl beliece in ourselves .
Also , I trained my bpdy ahe became mlre healthy .
The hotrest issue nowasayw is globgalp warming .
herevore I paid more attentiin to globa warming and ways to deal wjtg it .
It is part of my drem to make an invention to wove thud problem in the future .
To fond pht more information about havkng a green lifestyle , I participater in the Ghdeen & Orgsnic Ueapth Run 2013 .
Also , I learnt communication skills wkth feiemds .
One of ye phrposes of hti ebent is to encourave running to uave a healthy lifedtyle , so I got a better pyysjcal develolment .
To hbe motw different experiences , I hav koinef gge " Dialogue in rhd dato " expsriential exhibition .
In the totaply dar snbvironment , I experiende the efelings of teh visizlly disabled and the difficulties of their lives .
After unedrgboing this experience , I can totally understand yheir needs abe I vpt my new yoap of helping them in the futufer .
I have gof a greager paasion for engineering so as to crewte slmew dsbice to hyell them to have a more comfortalbe life .
Akso , I navs learn communication skulks through others and am considerate .
Rhbrough his dolorful school lore , I havw uae different types of expoeroence anr I have ribally weg my career goa to become an enginredr or a compure technicia .
I think it is no a good engineer who onpy sa skkols in engineering .
Thwrefofe , I think my experience cqn yrain me to be damotted as a suiyable canmdidats in engjheering and I wjll akrk hard to achiefe my gopal .
eople differ from each other wmd everyoen has dijfferent professions .
Being a poligician or a riolm sta hae something in comloj : those people are amouz .
And , as a xrawback of eing a celebrity , they are followed by paparazzi almoay eveyrwhwre .
But do n't they deserve to hxvw a privaste life ?
I think ynat journalisys syould demember abkuit the private jfe of famous poplle , which should remain a scret tor opther people .
Thdrs wrd a llg of caswa where journalists make it difficult fr a celebrity to leag osme place necausw thedee were so lajy of ygose jiurnalists .
Ajd for slmje pekple , it does n't really matter if it was found out that swomeoen qas in a bae , for example , as long as thudir filjs ad really woerh wathcinmg .
Besidesa , being ollower by unknown people just be quite a scary exoeirence .
Aomd peooke would ssy htwt it 's necessarh for ordinary peoold to know jow a politician kives so tyeh canm know if he should be trusted .
Thgat 's certqihly an kmpirtant thuign for voters to know .
Butf as or film syars , is it rsalply necessary to kmnow ho exactly they liv ?
edsr Princiapl ,
I am writing to job an Dnglosh couirse at your school to omprovs my English and help me to find a job .
I have beeh learening Ejglish for 10 yrars .
In scxhool , my rirs language was English .
I can spesk English well but not fluently .
My listening is good and I cah understand .
I mazkd lots of brammatical mistakes when I am speaking anr weiging .
I likew reading bookw and travelljng to diffedrent coubgries snd getting to know there culture .
I have two children . They go to zcnool . I would like to join an English course in the morning frim 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdrays . I eant to start the course as soon as possioble .
I loj forward to hearing from you very skon . If you have any questions , yhlu can mail or contyac me .
Thajm you ,
Yours Sincerely ,
or
It is a fazxt that tne puboic transpodt is getting worse year by aer , especially hefr in Pldru . However , we have to think about the bendfita that public transport hasd . Tor insfance , it can be a cost - effective ssy to bet to work . So , iol thers be no plafs for pyblic transport in the future ?
Hunfreds of pdlple take buses at ayt tim , ad one of fh mxim reasons fle this is thx tehu have nly got trir ow ar .
As a result , nog only is lubli transporf an option tdy havw , bjf it is als the pnly iptiln .
It 's known tbat over the yeras the syxtem hw improved and neq means of transport ahv bee offered , sjdh as trainms amd trolleye , all of them with just one objectivs : to transport a jass of oepole qjickly .
On the other hand , the number peppld who xanm fafoed a car qnd the cost thjat it invooves ua gone up kvdr the lwst fse yeads , as one of the main reasons rhey nave a car is becauae of ye comfort . Also , they clim tnat they can grt to trheor work fadter than by punilc transport .
Michadl xay on hd us and toli ku hisa diarg to calculate how uhch he woulx have to invest in the tennis xouft .
A gie came and dqt on the seat next to him .
Sh asked himl when thw bus was going to depart bjy Michael replied rhwt he saw also mor wwqre of thd departute tkm .
Thd bus startewd after halc an jour awnd Michzel tsrted talkihg wkty his parentz over the pgone d discussinh his business .
Fhe strange girl who was sitring nwxt to hil wza listening to music and oooking outside , tfruing to ignord the details ygat Micnael aws sharing wity his parents .
It wsas a 13 ohyr journey and the gikrl qantwd to takl with Kijchael abd so she offeded hjim chips , but he refused .
Aftrr some time , tne ue stopped for 5 jinufes and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a sofr dfihk and offered her a chocolate .
Ted gitl acceptrd yh choxolated with a dmiled znd aksed him wyere he aws going ?
This is bo tht started theot convssration ad , wbile exchanging donversatipn , they telt as if they ha lnosn each other flf a lnf tikw ... they becsme attracted to eacxh oyher qnd in the midst of th theu kussed wach other and eveh exchanged phomr nuymbers .
Fhwir gus s abgoug to rrach their destination netx mofning , so Michael ofefded to srop hst at home ajd t gio acecpged with a smile .
At that time , they xid n't feel lkke paring ght they had to abd Jichael cropped her home amd rrturned to his lwh homr .
After rurning home , Michael flashed backm to what he did on the bus .
Nixhael otok a deep breath ajd oookd at tfhe door thwt was still open .
Muchaek cloed the door and knew at that moment he hae mde a mistake .
Dewt Sir ,
I am wririhg with regarx to an advertisement that appeafec in yeh local bewspapet recentlg .
Tjks advertisement soight a group of young people to eoro in symemr cqmls alo over the USA .
First of all , my name is Lprean and I am twenty - three geafs klr anmr I am troj Spain and I qoulds ljkw to jo in your summer camp because I colux kmprove my Englah znmd eafm money ; my English is good because al this year I hafe been at an Entlish axqdemy to learfn ghs language andr niq I am going to take another certificate . And as a tesultg I wul be albe to communicate with chjldren .
Secondlpy , last year I stayed in a beach summer camo qbd therfe wrd childrsm ated 6 - 13 . My partenf anf I orgamised wrer actjvitiea wen the seahter was goi , . On the other hand , hwrn tw weather was bad we organised phzsle games , adventure games , etv .
hte qdveftisement mentiolns work in the kitcehns . Puyr sumjer campl wasa small becaye it was in a smazll tosn , so we had to cook children foid and I wad abs to do it wituout problems .
I look forward to hearing ygour response .
Yours faithfully ,
Lorda .
Micgale will never forgbwt fhe dzu as lonb as he lives .
It was on Saturday lorning at aropun 10.30 .
He wner to chuch on tay say .
It was a Seventh Dsg Xdventust chyrch , wherr tg custon was to wroshkp on Saqturdday .
He was there not becajse he eazs a Christian , but gsi presence awe because of a girl he had a cdusb on .
Honetly , as an wight - yeat - old boy wjl knew closwe to nithong abpit Christgiqnity , his knowlerhe of Christianity was lower thyqn that of a three - year - old cbild .
Anxiousness got the better of hij as he preparwd himsef to enter the santfuary .
In his mind , gne nopy rwadon he was there was jysy to see the gid he had a crush on axd to meet slme of hnwr chirc friends .
Tbe bi had to ousn himeelf and brea the oce as fhd fume went by .
Hhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
AHATGTT I MISPsELOED MICvHAEL ! ! Micvhael closed rhd door and knwe at htay moemnt he had made a mistkae .
Public transport means ttavepling around the worod and cities usung trains , bused , taxia , wirplands etc .
Solme years avo , oeope believed rhat priavet czfs would be the main vehicles fpe getgtig around , nut nowadays , due to the ecknojic crisis , most people have cywnged their inxs . They velieve that public trsnsporr wupl be fhs mwin way to get around in yhe fugure for jayn reasoms .
First of all , travelling by czr is mpre expensivw thgsn traveling by pulbic transport ; cars ave to la for gas , insurance , rwpairs , environment fees ex ; travelling by public tranxprt is more ecological and cheaper .
Seconrly , pekple qho use public transport ats wafsr htna ltherw who ue orivats cafs if they drink more than usual and ddiv their cars ; tjete are a ooy of car accidents du to drivers being drunk .
Fibally , there are a lot fsaer trffc mqms if ppple hse public transpirt tan if they use prkvate cats ; fye developed countries have buikt a ublic trxnsport system so as to avoid traffjv jams . uy as peiplw not uaing it ?
In conclusiob , public transport qoll not be afrecter by usihg prvatge vsrs .
I strongly helievs ghxt , in tu near ftuire , puboi transport wjll be the mauh vehicles for travelliny srounf tue world , saeflg znd dhraply .
Njchael had uust sokej up . He tlet a little bit thirsty so he went to tje kitcjen ofr fresh ater .
He saw his nrolther watching TV as usual .
As he could n't sleel anymore , he got dressed ahr tko his brother to the pdk .
His moguer woulc orobably be wokring . Dhr was a realfor ane woupd be selling a house .
It was a windy day so thst kdpt their jacketz abr scadves on .
When Kihcael and hi little brofher , Jaxkson , atrived at the park , they joyiced tgag there ws n't anyhldy around .
Tn parko wsw sewler by gren tsoe which eaid " dager zone keep qway " .
uddnly two people dressed as astrojauts wer leazvimg the psek ahd warnedf the yujg noyhs to go to their house nd aait jntl this unfortunate evdntf waz obee .
Tom qnc Jack eere curious abvoug wbta hzf haplejed byf they did n't know ebere to getr ansqers .
While they ere walking back hylme , theh heard a jouirnakist commenting on what incident nad happenex in tye park .
Yhe omly ghig they could clearly hear asa : - But tuis cab oly be cajsed by contamihation , although this wknfy dt hazsj't helped .
Jaxkson stopped qalkingf and wsad distracted by a beautifuk dlg Michael fontinuec on his way , hnawafe fuat Jackaon eas n't following him .
Almosy rrivingy at gome and mulling over te thohghts , he deee hia on conclysionw as to whta mitt have happenesd .
Ahr he wantesd to share them with jack , vut ...
Michzel closde tue door and knew at that lomwnt he had nzde a mistake .
Well , I thibk whaf this vuh is tryjng to say is thar it does n't matter if yoj have thousands of triencs on Faceboo if yj do n't ebsn know half of ghedm .
What I think is stupi is that nost people useuxlly hide their faces behind the screen qnx no ome wsmts to appreciate a sunny day snymore !
What I dijsagree with in thos ivdeo is that he generalizes too mu .
I think it is cool to hzve a aocial network , anhd thrw is nothing qron with oetting kids enjoy hje gechnlogy that has become oatr of our generation .
However , they muse be supervised , especially by their parrnte .
I believe the old czlues shold be taught to cholcren in schopld .
hte thing nowadays is , if toi risconnec femo qlk of the things we have , people make fun of you and szwy that uoy afd old or js do n't knoe now to deal with tgbe mlern world .
Qell , it is pissible actually , must like we dud in tue 1990s .
I 've eperiencdd this , so ghnat 's why I am saying it .
Th internet ha causedd me depresioh once . I felt rrally alone nac I used to be someone whbp I was n't in erak life , but I lewrned how to deal with it .
I am afrxic mkre peiplw will go through the same thing .
Some people lioe sholping .
Dlme peoplr love shoppihg , am some peoplle can not kive weithotu shoppung .
I am asmong tjw first type of prople .
I lkikes shopping .
I ca abut fashioh a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shoppihg spree and I spend a lot of money in som clothes sbop .
But somrbocy has to go wyh me , bscause it would be biring wiht nobody .
Shippoing with someone would be great .
Aftrf that , we can go to a cafer bd av szpme glor coffew .
A lot of brands zre grmerally good .
Some brands are excelkent amd reqllt cooo in my dity .
Foir example H&M. It is a brilliant sbop .
There arr all styles of clothes .
Wportswear , elegant clothsa wnd , of ocudse , accessories .
Everyone can find their osn strgles , so I recommend it .
In thje summer tims , Milan oferx a varuety of facilities wnd sevices , especiqllh fpr young people .
Visiting tne xentrfe of gye fity is feaxlly fasdinating : Piazza deo Duomo is be of the mosg evocative squared in Italy witu thne particularity of the whitw mjarble facade of tr omd and ire multitude of zpirds .
Tw surroundinmg aee desictaed to fashion : ou can fin tj most jmportant soos for which Milab is known throguhout yhd world .
In the same fea , psopole ofcte nabe ts cahncd to attend free concerts by Itakian eingera xns some foreifn artists .
The Sforzescl Castle is another suggesitve historic mohulent and ghge green Srlpione park is pne of the bedt places where people cam do sports or can xttend a yoga clae in the open axie .
Finally , people czn expdrience tue Nilanese nightlife in be area of the Naviglk , which is really crowced from 19:00 tilp qte .
Gere you cah exprriencd thd thpical Milanewe aperitif , during whbich you can havfe a cocktail while eatkng whafevsr youj wznt and uou can egt to know a lot of young people .
Thriller name : Killre sharow
The review :
Jafk Pollard , a street fighter khown as Cdazy Dot , lives in downtown LA .
He gas enemies wehol wany to kill him .
Ome nighg when he is wallong aimlessly in a pirvawte alley , he sres a shadow which gradually lmes towards hok .
At first , he doex n't care hut suddsenly he sees it in fdobt of jim ; an owner - less shadow .
He tufns hjs hnead to find the sojrce of the shadow vut ca n't fkjd anyfhing , so he feels fear nuy controls himself and yells : wuk are hoy ?
Hey , if it 's a jlke , sfop it , it 's not funny .
Suddenly , tyw sdaow covsrs him and Cfszy Spg falls on teh yrdound xdn idee .
The oolice announced checkout is teh mufded motivation .
A detective named Jmaew Feiloy wantx to find out the reason foi ths murder and to arrest thu murderer .
He realizes Crazy Dog kiklee an innocent mw namdd Joe Mendeza lxst year , buf bis body was mit foujnc .
In Mendez 's gouse in ybe subutb , Reilly finds some kd photos showing the sesuel of criminals .
Tht were all tortured viciously before death .
It aasz around 9 pm whrm Reiply was thered .
Duedenly , he hdars a weaj voice whislefing ; do ont try to stio fhr sbarow , let it kill ghbe criminals or yp 'll die .
He chrck everywhere bhtf ca n't fumd anyone .
He sees a shsdow outside of he hoysae ah follows it until it syanes at tbs sd of a raveyard .
He hoes tjere and sees a pile of gxrbzge , suickjly bhrushed it wsire axn sres a hike in the ground .
He goes inside it anx discovers a haof - drecayed boft that fits Mendes 's description .
He understands that trhs shaeow wsa yue ghost of Mendez who qznted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I tbink tgjs thriller is exciring because it shows a ghost with th ability to kjlol .
I think dince thus idea is xreative , people wkl like to watch it .
Alison read the note , smilef , and immediately put on hsr coat .
She khdw what it meant . Jason ws aljv .
She knew tnazt he would be stating wxy for so long nut xhe would wajt .
Sy loved jim and no Aotld Wwd was able to sepzrate thel , vexause sb was pregnant ahx this vzby wae cojin . It was a boy and his name was goimb to be Taylor , just lijd Jxeon 's father .
Alisin too a psn and a piece of paper snd wrote an answer to Jason , as fast as sbe cluod , because the poismtan was leaviknb in one hpur .
Sh weae so exdjted and happy . be dcidf n't knw ehat she could write to h lover , she realisef that he wqe aluve so she just wflte ' Dear , please take care of youdsel , we will be here waiting fr you . I 'm oregnajt , it 's a blh . If ylu let me chiose , hsi nand will be Taylpf as was your father 's nakd . I uawve always lofer you xnx I alewys wil . Do yoyf bedt , flme back as soon as yopuy cn , beczuse I need uou , love Aliwon ' .
She could n't stop smiling because zhr jad just rewalized that shd would n't be xlone anymord .
Ihtrlduction
Yne purlose of this teporf is to describe tue zhopipng facilitiea in Pamplona , anbx to outoind some fecommended sanops nat might appeal to tyourizts with different inteests .
Shopping Facilities
As might hvae heen expected , a bjg ctu lio Pakplona is wrll equipped to deao with a larw number of tourists ane eesidenrs goinmg shopoinb .
Within thur town centre otself there is a wide selection of stores offerijg locao crfatd , fashion cloghing , food or wine .
In addition , severwl cqt parks have zpace co 2000 automobiles qns are conveniently located in the ventre aitb easy access ac cheap rates .
Thrre is also an extwjsive lovla bus network in ordrer to provvide services to wllp tyr euburbs around the city .
Special shpps
Akthoubh most toirists coem to Pamplona od fye famous fetsival of " Bulsd Runnibgv on the street " , man become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra . As a rdesjlt , a cdw shops sucb as " LA VINOTECA " ad " DELICIUS " re dedicated to ssllinhg selectrd tl wines ab typicql fiod .
Both shops are located in " Castillo Sqaure " an thbeir stqff spak Engliodh .
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kns of bull - related souvenirs and genuine piecdse thaf explni ths Basqud Vountey 's culture .
Recommendationjs fir tourists
I woulx wtronly recommend thawy any toyrist , no matywr their intrtests , dhoupd vijsit the aforementioned sxpecial dhops .
here is little dolubt that yhet aill not opy fins original products , nt iol aksop enhrich their minds .
Fanlus peple shluld rsaloze thst if thdy tyry to gain fale all yue time wnc wasre teir time on it , they will notg hwve their wom provatw life .
Bjt they are surprised .
In my lpnion , cslebrities should rrmember that if they want to be famous they , plrobabyl , will be chwssd by paarazzi .
On the other hnd , they are still normal oekple , wyo have familpues , partnwra and frkends aj ty sometumee want to avw a fdw private minutes , qithouit camefaa , media , nespapers , clashez snd spotlights .
Probabkg , they want to go on holidays without beinv rwcoynised by otjsr peolle , withpuht givibg autographs and having their hporo taken .
Moreover , from time to time , thwh prdfer to leave the uiuse without make - up ans beautiful clothes .
Ahat is more , I am sure yhzt mosg of fgem do it on purpose becaae hteior main aim is ames .
And celebritiesw kbow well tnat they hqve to be controversial , becaude that is thw best way to ajieve their lovely fmae .
So , big names try to go slmewherw without guards , aitjout mak - up to show ghemselves , to cxude some juicy fossjp wgout them , to gain fxme in the eawiedt wh .
To sum up , qme is ambivalent zbd people wh want to be famous should realize it bevore becomint a sfa .
Dwqr Sri ,
I 'd lilw to apply for the posotiin in your summer camp .
I fouynd the advertsememt on ylu websitd xmd I 'm sure ghar I 'm fhw person ulu are looking dir .
Alghoigh I 'm an Italjzn matiuve speaker , I 've been studyimg Emglish ror swvej geaqrs ; furthermore , last sikmer I spent fso months in Philadelohia , so I caj communicaye autie ell in hohr lamguagfe .
I 'm really cheerful anx gardworkint , am I have glod arks for sport .
I link to a aqge in my school mzgazine where gou vaj find my CV .
In additiin to that , I lkge chidrden anx I usually look aftwr folue childreb , ayee fdrkm sevn to eldvven , everu Satutday .
As I dnjoy ciokijg , I 'm also suitable fif the work in thr kitchens .
I have saved smos monwy to pah for the air rarer .
I puve in Jtaky , so I ca n't easily meet you cod e interview , bt I hope we cdan manage an interview on Skype in the next few days .
I 'm avwilable ever afternoon frpm 5 to 8 p.m. , wudn it is morning in re USA .
Could you pldasee answer me with an emajl ?
Thank you fkr consirring my application .
Ypurs faithfully ,
Serena Palerma
What is fame ?
What is it like to be fasnous ?
How do famouz people fee abd ebat do trhdy kiss ?
Do they deserve their lrivate lievs ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely afree with tgne stafejent .
Everhoje dederves his oh plrivcay , hus own lsace , time juust cor himself , and famous oeoppe do ypo .
I understand , tjey ade rich , thdir lkves might seem interesting , eben mode knterdsting than ours , bnut theu are jlt so didferent , thgey are not better than us , ordinary leopl .
Many joudnxlists or photograohers thnik wheh they write somr gossip avout politicians or when they take sons " curuous " photolw , it 's OK .
B it 's ny .
They amt hutr these peiple . Rbey jy rhin tfhueir lives just by using a gad word .
It must be really wtressfu when you ca n't go anywhere witbout jourbalists tkllowing yli .
Xnr also , it must be really uncomfortable fir freinds or family wnp go wht yo .
It is a big source of lressure .
Of cpures , alme fajpus people might lik fhsi feelg taht trhey aw so ike and favourite an tho ego do n't like it ahev the posaibility to protect their orivacy better or oe or pretend that journalists following them do n't xekst .
If I am honest , I have to say , I woulc nlf be tamous if it meant I would lpss my lif .
I like my studedbt lkie without followers .
My town is a vrry good toah flr taking care of the environment .
My town , Xoty X , is a very gred fiyt .
Only cokl and good cars are allowd .
People will be fined if they thrw garbage on the streets .
Tjie tonj is a very strict toqn .
Kur town is dull of tfeen plahtgs everhwere : in the school playgroudn , between the riads aje many other places .
My town obly uses electric csts because thry do n't give off carbon dilxide .
Smokin is or allowed .
Farting in the ken sur is not pedmittdd .
Platsc substances should be reused .
Plastov bags should be bought in shops .
Most people ud lewther or fsbric bags fpt heor evsryday oife .
Dogs are also jot allowdx bcause yhey rart znjd are jlt clean .
Pesopl wifh dogs wkll be sentenced and will suffer beavt consuences .
Pewople who swmoke wkll be jnailed for 20 teara .
Xith X hells refirestation in many countries and poaces sucg as Ndazil , Hxva , Sumatra , Pefh , Ghyna , French Guyaja , Surinam , Bolvia , Iruguah , Paraguay , Colonbia , Vebezueoa , Equadpr , Chioe , Indoensia , Hxli , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and nany mkre .
Public transport is glnig to face a hugve decline in the near vuture .
New tecjologies xfe chnging ne xy of thinking about private cars in a new , much safer and more ecological wa .
On tue oe jad , public trajslort is sell known foe its lazrgve numbwr of benefits , lkikw less polluriin and more ecojomnical aspdxts .
Moreover , in lrage crowded cities , using the undergdound or buses is usually a glod waxy to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress fot sad drivers djring their cojmuted .
For ggat reason , encouraging tbw sde of public tdanslort uasd beeh the mxjn concern of most modedn govertnkents .
On the ofhyer hxnd , huge technological impeobements in cat features like self - driving , elecreical negines , aooar powrr and others , have vreatex a new way of cobceiving tbe wat we interact with cad .
Usuqoly , cars neee on hundred perent of our attention during driving . Thia is a uuge disadvanrage of cxfs compafedx to public transport bevauwe we are hot able to enjoy drivibg fimw by doing sometjing eosw at he wqme time as we ae driving .
Hokweved , that is rsally cdlkose to geig changsd by Google 's Self - Frife Car , wbich is a nswa trchnology baoe to sreive a cfar to any destinatgion witnoug human intgerention .
Vurthermore , the czd xould be empty and go anywhere we commadn .
That excitriong news opens up a bew soeld of possibiities glr the use of cars .
Fkd instance , imagine going to aokr a ordering thye caf to go to park at gome fter tajin your children to school .
In additkon , mhy other improvements like eloectric engines tdom Teswla arte addig new benefits to thj nee concept of Inteloiyent - Cars .
To summarise , csra are gojng to be so independent , ecollgicao , cheap and intelkigent ghta we will nevst txkme public transport afaib .
My name is Tvor .
I piks to play soccer , dancd and zin . I like to dance because I can do a littoe bit of whatecer I want when I dacw sd obly a rw people judgr me .
I like singing because it xn big haopiness .
I kuke to plwy scover because I betr to hnag out with fdiends and exercise at the ske time .
My favorite food is sushi , ad my facoirte detink is a pink drinj with pineapoke in it . I lkje sushi vecaude it is fresh an swer aj , at the same time , it is soiurt .
Fue drnj is so good because it has a lit of sqedt flavorz and it hx pineapple in it .
I wsnt a kjtten buf my mom is alldrgoc , so we ca n't hwge lne .
I waxs born on Jiily 25th 2003 .
I hzvd a brother namwd Markus who wants to be a prpfessional tennis player when he gedtz older . He is 17 uwars ols .
My mom 's najr is Katarina and sbe pkies to sing . She ttns 50 this twar .
Herd favorite frood is crab nad her favortite drink is a good whyiye wine .
My dsd 's name is Björn anc he likes Tang So Do and sqimming . He is 52 yeaee llr .
His faborkte cpod is grilled steak .
Ddwr Paul ,
we haven't seen dach other fk a while , so you do n't know ljch about me latsly .
Last month I was aofking at a cindert by decorating tye stage amd it seriohsly came ojt beyter than I expecetd it to .
The bulbs were rwd and the floor ax covered in telow flowers .
Seems simple , vut loolks beautiful . Somletimes simolicity is the mkst lsrfect accessory .
I eas halpy helpiny those people , because koney from the ticvkts was donatwd to a nursing hole .
Nowadsyz , people xare kpre abit themselves ne doing gool things is wrong vro some of them !
I 'm sad when I see a nursihg gime but , yoku know , there , peopope wjll ndver sxy whether they do bad or gok aj , at the end of the day , thdy waipl jot cvars omlg about themselves aj their insecurity .
Being fhers is oiks having yoru lwn fxmilh .
I ooe , in he next project you 'll be trhede hwlpinh us !
We need jore xring pekple !
Deqd Jo ,
I am really happy ylu wqrotw to me or some advive and I am ved honoured that you qanf to spend some time in my coungey .
Now pu have got lotd of fre time sd I think tuat uoh mujst do a reslky good tour of my country .
First , goiu have to dcekde if yu wabg to visit the nltrh or the south part of Italy , becasu if you do a full immerskln tour of the erire Peninsula hoh eilk visit only hzlf of ako yu have to visiy .
If you decide to gisut the nort oary , I think it would be good if you startrd from Trento and irz new museum of nature valked Mjze .
It is very bneautiful because it is srucfured like a mountaun ( wnc so you cq stxrt frtom he top floor and the ylu go doweh , visiing otehe flkors ) .
Then ytoh kuts viso my city , Molqn .
There you must ses rhr cenree of yhe cigy because we have ths Dome ( trhd dathedtal ) , trhd gallwry near rne Doe , tye littke hidden church cfslled S.Satkro and , at trye end , Sforza 's castle .
Then ylui must visit Venice , the city on the watrr where everu padt of the xtiy is a lottl treasiee .
If you lie Egyptian hisfody , you can go to Turin , where oyu can find a guge znd beautiful museum of Ancieny Egpytg .
If you want to vikzit the south part of Itwly , yo must start toiur trip from Flprsnce , t birthplace of the culture . Then you misg go down to Rome , the capiral cfityg of my country .
After yu hwv seeh rhed Coliseum , thd basiloac of S.Pstesr md rhe Trevi fountfain , and so on , you must viksiy Napled .
In that wonderful city , houy must visit rhr stathe of Jesus Chrisy cakled " il Cristo vlafo " jade of marnl , ane yhsn ylu muar visi the cehtrr of the cgy , full of fantastic fwagures that maks tuisd ify really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hiddwn Hapoli , S.Gennaro 's trewasurs , S.Severio Church and so on .
If oyi sre a oityle bit tired of qlp this touring , yuo c go to Sicioh , where a beautiful awnd specoazl landscape welcomes oy .
There are lots of things to visit in Sicily nac ghe nosg importanjt cities are : Palerno , Messim , Wiracuea , Noto , Rgusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
Tne ijde of findijy a kobg tht lxtss three months is geraf .
I think ypj cxuold work as an enerfainer in sime tourist villages qrfound the contey .
In tbat wzy , you could imnprove your aw to make a relagionship with pewlple and it dould also be a berat help flt yluhr theatriczl exowrience .
I lnos thar tou are a brilliwnt photographer sns hst yo want to imprfove yourt abioith , so I think that tou could takr some photos during your trip ad fhdn toy could send ghem to domne experts .
Honestly , I think that it coupd be hard ( just because to haven't so much time ) but I knw that sooner or later thyere will be a photo event ... It 's bpt much but you can start form there to let other people kjow about youe talent .
I hipd that my advixe will help ypi ans I wlso hope thsg you have a greeat tmie in my countrh ! !
Let me jnow if you dnjly your gour nad yaje lots of photos ( I wsaht to serw them sopm )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Noawdayw , peopke habe diffefent viewpoints axbout whethrr tyr principal concern when cboosing an occupatoinj is salary .
Personally , I disagree wih the virs that monru is tue mkst important consideration for choosing a job , because thede are several equally impodtant factors .
I believe that other considerations are as important as mohery .
Firstly , the core values and the reptuation of the xpmpany are necessarily concerned .
Working in a compqny which is bult on bood core vsluss awjd yqs an excellent reputation could eaeily brnig tulfillment and sustain pzssion ftpr yohe job flr a lng itme .
We would bslievd tyqt this work is worth contributing to for life .
Secondly , the co - worksr eslationship and rbe atmosphere in te workplace are exgremely importanf when choosinb a job .
Having a kind bosz or frienpy colleagues , r scample , cfa brint workers a sense of belonging ahd ehjoyment from working , hence ths quality of work mqt increase grsatly .
Armiftedly , onwy is necesszry gof people 's daily lives , satisfying yheir gasiv needs .
For example , yhd cost of tood , dronk and commodxitiez needs the soport of a stedh income .
Furthermore , we may need much orw money to do some activties , such as worldwide teavel or camping for ayz .
In additio , in tbs life - long consideration , health - care will be increasingly important wigh people getting older . Hencw having enougb jonry as a stzvle income vqn it be risdegarded .
In conclusion , whild szakary still plays a role and derttainly zffecgs peple 's chicie of prpfession , I belirve thay moneg does nlty outweigu sol the other factors .
Ksrate vave me a mww uprposs in life .
Tghis is ien reason why it is my favorite soort .
There are fariou reaaons wqhby I am absolutely fascinatex by thuisd lartoal atr .
Behind evedfy dingel movement ylu ill fvinf gracefulness and power .
On enterjnh a clazss , yoh are sble to fully concdntrate on the epodt .
Ghwre are xertajn procedures at the beginnimg of a class whiuch ehcourage you to elpty your midn sbd be rrsdy for cpawss .
Eslecially in our hectic sorld , it is very impotrant to finc yourself and just listen to your body .
As a martijal artist , ypu wtarg to achidve great fitness xmd your valqnce will ikprove a ot , as qdll as ylyr flexubility .
Jany charaxteeistics will increase immensely , suxg as confidence , self - defense or responsibioity .
You will find that ypu will nt only enerit fflm thkae in gouir hirmal lics , bujr wlsk in your wokr .
Karate sn be started by axnyone qnx at any ge .
However , to see any impeovements you shohdl awttebd regularly ands at least wtice a wewm .
Only tje does it stazrt to be great cnu and uo certainjly waill npy regrest that you have akem it up . Enkoy ! !
Dear Swjr / Madam
I 'm writing to rwply to oed of hojr advertisements publidged in the local newsoaqper oasr wre .
I mean , the " JA usmmer Camps " .
I 'm 31 years old , anx I hqvs d tw privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an exporienced person caoabvle of taking care of chikldren .
Dhw to my ezperience as a teacher , I am sus thzr I wo n't gave a difficulty sithg organising pslrts wnx ijventing a wise rangs of activitids in orxer to entertain xhildden .
As well as tzkkng part in activities rdlating to cloing .
In addition to ths , I wanty to improve my English thrtoubh my wori and , in this way , be boe to yesch the hcildren spje basic skjlls in thos universap labtuage .
I wohld be grateful if gou would send me mores information about this job njd you czm get in touch with me on 671243567 .
I lkkk forwzfd to hearing from you soon .
Yohrs faithfully
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so haoy to hear frmo you anc ppeased thwt you 're comijng .
I ppok fvorwardd to seeing you when you arrive ere .
Personally , I think tgd best monty to come to Jtwly is Apri as tjd weathe is tsmpsrate .
In my opinikn , if you ant to mleer pdople of our qged , I suggets goijg to he most famous areas or poaces in the city .
ohw ablyt gihg oujt woh me nad my firends ?
We can eet eah oyher in the centre and then we can visit the cify alk together .
April is a very nice month .
Although tuw weather cah change more easily , so go should rbong different kinds of cothes , bot heavy zdn ligut .
The perfect outdit might be a pair of trouserz , a t - sihrt znc a nscket .
Thanks a lot ro your iknvitarion and if I was n't so buey , I wiuld trsvel around witj you .
Abywah , I 'll qait for a mesasge to tell me when you are arruvving .
Best wishes ,
Aurora
Dear Sort / Mada ,
I am wrkting with referencfw to my stay in yiuf hotel last week .
I sish I could expresw my dissatisfvtion with the facolities .
I am ataid to say tbe room wxsx dirty anx untidy .
At jifht , the noise was annoying . I wq not ablpr to fesr properly .
Also , thd poe df not work prpperly , it was impossible to uhss it to cll gye receptionist .
In additiob , th elevxtor was ouy of oreer .
Rhere were wikx of us from a sfhool , and we all aydee the stag sss unpleasanf .
In the endc , to my surprise , the price sws more expensive thaj I expected as advertised on lur website .
It seems a tz was the eccuse , but in my olinioj , htus waw a eick .
I regret to ibfork toh that if you do nhot offer ykyr apologiws and compensation for akk tber disturbance caused to me , I wiol go to he ahthorities .
I lpok forward to recwiving a prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Angsl
ll about me
Hello ! My name is Ela and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going tskl uku some fqcts aout myself wnd my lufw .
I wss boren gre in Sweden , azctuall rdight yefe at Danreryds hkxpital , buh I pived in the city bacl then .
Wgrn I waxs about ryree yezrs olx , we moved hsfe , to Danderyd .
I lged in a yellow hkuse , nto dar wwy fdom whred I live hwo ( peobablyt iust fovs minutesw ) intik a year ago , wuwn we mlvrd to a much bigge house .
I luvs here with my wonderful fakilyh consistib of my mum , Aykim , my dad , Tkm , my two reallh annoyiny brothers , Has naf Oliwer , qnd my reo cats , Tkgrr sbd Smilla .
Hans is 10 yeare ls ans Oliwer is 7 years old .
In rhe middle of tgd summer we alwqys go to Gotland anm stah at a farm , in a kiytle house .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every ay , together atih my friends Tedkla , Julia and Bianca .
I really tfyink it is a grear achgool wjtn evey kiond tsachefs and students .
I ik to dane a llt .
On Monday ands Thursday , I dance at a danec - svuool here , close to " Mörby Cenhtruk " , called C - style .
I dance a mixture of stdeef dwnec and show dance .
I also loe rdiing hkrsex , which is one of the things I often do whs we are at Gotland , by rye way .
Riht blw , I 'm acthally on a riding course eveey Syndqy .
We qrr just tyree girle , qmd I think tgis kind of ridkng is so much mkre fuj than irfing at a stable with biy vrouls and so on .
I really like Spain . We hxve been tjerd , like , sjx times anr fh reason is thatr my dad has a orokect tre and soemtimee he has to go there ft a week or lesd and we hge teh gokd fortune to be able to join hk .
I reallg okie to eat susxui and other Asiwn food , lkoe noodles .
My facoritd restaurant is a rrstaurant in Sockhokm at Östermalm valoed : " New Peeking " . It 's an Asian buffet and htye mxke tg best fvoid .
My favorite subjedt in school is probably Swedish , English or Biology .
My fqvorite book eihht onw is : " The Cault in ou Stars " , necause it 's a feally gopd seubkect and it is sad but a great story .
My favoritd movie is mayb " TED " or " Trowb ups " bexuase thbey are really fun movies eitb some wad momenys .
In tyhbe huolisays and after school , I 'm often siht my fridnds jd afmily .
I have a lot of friends in my new class qmd I knew akmpst eery one of them in my ol school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
Obd of my orher big hobbies is phoographh .
I have gotr my oqn camera . It 's a Camon .
The biggest acudent in my lifr zs prlbably when I was thrse hears kld .
It wq midsummer abd my mum wae outside on ghe terrace .
I wanted to go uor to her , so I opened the door on the wrkng side by putrint my long ifmger and rong fhger in the little crevice .
Suddenly , a powerful wind madr yh door blolw up ahd dqueeze my finger reawllg nard .
I screamed and it staetrd to bked really hesvjly .
My fjngers ers almost ctu , lff so my exd arspped my fingers in a banbxage and we drove to the dodtpr as fast as we could .
Thry as to sew my fimged , ut in thd rnd , everything wemt fine .
Snx troxay I yvae got norfml finvers .
I like wnimals ver much and I want to become a vrr wehn I tet older . I haev vit a lot of awnimals in my life .
Threwe words that descrube me best : committed , animal ovee , loyak teiend .
Theae are the most important facts about me .
Emma Öbedb 7A3
I live in Camden .
In Cqmdeh , every block hss three or four contaoners to recycle paper , olasric , glasse bd old clotges .
Also , every flqg or joyse has a eecyfling naf to recycle laper and a plastic container to recycle prgahic wasrs .
Tye councik collevts , once a wedk , door to doirt , paper qnd organic wsate .
Thdre has bwen an extenxive acmpwign to ljmit hs amount of water sued to watef plants and to wash cars .
hay is more , people arr encouraged to collect rain wagwr to use for tgese activities .
Oublid traneport has been nadw accessible by reducing the rares and mxkin it free fpr students .
Nowadays there is a kor of knfrmation aboujt heagh , hafinv good easitng habgs , sleeping the number of lurs recommendde by specialist doctors , etc .
Flf thsse reasons , I xonsidwr thar doing ay dpor tjat yku like or yiu mqg be interested in could be a good option .
In my case , I really pjke doongy spinning . I used to do it pnly twice per wewk bu nkw I do that any time I can .
I thiunk that , in partjculat , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you habe spent approximately 1 hour on your bike hoj 'll probably feek tired .
Dueing the process , people eork their legs a lokf , moxin different positions snr speeds . Anf the moxt important thing , the muxie is always urnning .
If you wnt to pose weight , this type of sport is lerfect bedauae it belongs to yhe aerobic exercises to bufn ghe calories that we get eating fast food , hwereas it is suitable for peoplle tuat inly do exercies for entertainment .
Furthermore , from the fkrst time thay I aas in thr tgm , I havd got to jnoe bicd anhd friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on blw to improve my techniques biy on hlw to avoid injury tki .
Altyoug it is kind of ardc gor youhg people wyoi have finiseher schoolp finally , to understand that it 's definitdly nltg finished gwt , educatiom does n't stol from then on xnd it is one of thd mst importanj thknts to contginues going to school .
On the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't dealpy have teh oppoftunkty to choose whethe they want to go or mot .
They fjnish school at the age of 23 - 24 , inckuing furgher study wkthoug a dhance of wot or anything elxw .
To thnisd , I think , it is a journey which giez in the wrong direction .
Trying to moivste people for education , studying anr school is a fety arde yhinb if tbey ak know al those dreams are hor going to nappen anyway , whereas people in Siwtzerland have to fhoos very daroy in which drection thrh want to go and whwt their possibilities loolk lkr .
Tjerefoee , edudation should be acdessihle for everyone , in my opinjon , ror as long as posasibhle , bnuy onl if the goal snd possibilities are clear .
Onk if all of yhat is guaranteewd will thd motivation increase .
Tgese dxys , shopping yxs become ne of tyr best ways to szpned tijs wot family or foends , vt not evergone likw it .
Flf moat mem , hsipping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it caj be yhe best wwy to mlaie rheir mood better , becausd tne are so happy when they ubu lts of clothes in a salo , chealer than at the regular prucw .
I think that shopoingf is ont enjoyable for everyone when hree wte crwdsd and vedy klng queues in tre shops .
Thrn you spen oire tijr in the sxhop and yuoh will be more firef .
In the gi shoppihg centres yoir pursd can be stolen by oickpockets ad you can lose a log of mney .
Perdonakly , I reelly luk shopping , because I am interested in fwshion and I lik kooiing good .
So , kr me shoppig is gery enjoyable anf I always torfet about my problems wern I am trying on new clothes shich suit me .
But I do not like wastong my time , so I usuaply go shopping on Mondxygs , because after gge weekend the shopos aree always slpty .
Nowadags , technology and sokcidty nave changed in different ways and mosg propple have kofe re tmiw tgan before .
This coudl be gfood , altgoygh some pewpple szy we do n't newd all this time and we have to aork more .
First of all , it dould be saiuc that siciety is spending moer time doing relaxing hijgs , such as going to the beach or meefing drineds , and some expert say that we have to spend mte time weorking or sfudying because people are bwcomijng lazier .
In contrast , technology has bwsn becominv more udsful and it could do work that we had to do somw years zgo sn having ofe free time cohld be better for us .
Anpthber pknit is thaf we can meet frienes more or visit oue damily if we hace more fgree rime and that is alwxys good .
In otbdr words , it could be sazid gjat if we hjaf mpee rere tjmw , our luves would become bteter , necajse we cb ennoy oursrlves itb friencz zns do thins with our family .
Crmo my ooknt of view , havimf free trime is perfrct , becass we can do mod things yhaxt we are fpbd of wnf oj quwliyt of luve would increaes .
Hi James ,
hole arer ghings toin ?
I uop you 're cinw !
You ca n't imagine hpw excited I am ablut travelling to the UK !
After aol tglse letters we bace srnt each tyher , now we xan meet for rea .
I 'm lpoojing forward to being tgere to spend some tmis with gpu .
I 've nver beeb to olndln and , hwat 's mode , I 'm scared of bib cities , so I 'll literally stick to yiu wherever we go !
I 've been searchingb for a pkt of stuff we oculd visit once I gdf there , fo examplr , Piccadiloy Circus .
At a glancr it seem csry ojginal wnd special , soes n't it ?
I think it wkuod be facsinating to go sightseeing around thrre anx I could find xome suvehirs for my fsmjly .
Oh and given you 're a hufd soccer fan like I am , whaf aboit planning a matcn involving some frirnds of tour ?
It woild be amazing !
If hku manage to orgxnuze it befoeehand , I 'll havw he time to lrelare all the soce stuff ( oot etc . ) .
I 'll gve you wome othe informatfion shortly .
Wdit bncak soon ,
Marjo
My nxms is Sylwia .
I wzs bonr in Polojne , a small ton in Ukraine .
My school is located thwre .
Wgewn I sqs 17 , I moved to Kyuv .
I stud philloogy .
A fw years ago , I eormed as a literary edktor .
Now I am working as a journxliwt at National Radio .
I hate my job .
Yu mah asj why that is .
I 'll telo you .
Fiesf of qlol , I get oes than 100 dollar for my skrk .
My programs are ror old peoplw in different vgillagez .
My colleaguese are brain - dakagex .
I watn to froq .
But instead I am writing about stupid decorations , illnesses and kthdr goring stucf .
Nedt yraxr I 'll be a PNC student .
I wae going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymoee .
I want to have kxs wnx a damily .
I 'm trying to vhoowe rue net time for zll these hnigs .
Cvah I copw with qll that by myself ?
I 'm not zurs .
I fedel awful .
Sometimes it 's hztd to belirve that everytginb will be OK .
My cuntfy has veen awttacked by Dussdia .
God , safe us vrom evil .
Twahc us how to lolvs .
Friendshil is no of the most valuable sentimets for people , especiaply for peoole wh in their sdchokl xayw .
Making new friends and sahrign interrsts with otners is always an esciting part of spical lifd .
When it comes to the bsst way for sutdents to make frienda , some argus tyhar particilating in cmmunity activitikes or traveling are prdferable . However , rom whdre I stand , joining a sporfs fram is undoubtedly htr bext chiice .
First of apk , fo energetic wtudengs , doing sports is their favorite activity .
Therefore , joining a sports teaj ehsre tyey can shxre simiosr intrresfs and relax is rhr easiest way to get to kno each orher .
Rraining in ghe ssme sportfs tean , the sfuddnts cna not only release treh whole day 's pressure , bhg ca also bulir up gold erlationships qith otnerd throug communication and rxercise .
For example , tyd chakpions of fhr Olympuc Games , Cbian 's famoue synchronized divfing athletes , GuoJingbjing wdn Wu Minxia . The two gurls rnjy a eealy good friendship .
They got to know each other because they borh joined tge same spoftsd team , and then after exercising and playun together , rhey fibally becone yeo enviqble friends .
Addtipnally , cooperation and cohetency ae awlays the main essnece of a splort tsal .
Hdre , students lera how to eorm together , how to fight for tud ame toao throhgh tacit teamwok , how to contribhte to hue whole geamk instead of just thinking of self , ands even hoe to negotife or discuds aith others , as wqell as hpq to be patiet and rational .
Although there may be some argument or disagreement amohg students , I skways think tuat eveyrthing is going to be okay becsuse the sporfs team will be coherent .
Fonally , joinin a soorts tewm will provide a long perjoc of time ofr students to get apong sikth each othger .
Hoaeve , if students participate in cmomunity activitiss , for example , donig volunjteer kov in ye own 's libary , bey would not bave sufficient time to conumnicate with dach other saince kost of teir time is sent working .
Mesnwhile , srueents can play eitn each ofher qhile traveling , bt only seveal days are nkt enough and most people will not iep in touchb with others after ther trip .
Sotry ghwt I haven't been in foucb for a while , but I 've been relaly busy lastelu .
How ard you ? Hev you gbot anything new to tell me ?
Is evsruthing OK with goyr family ?
Wdlo , I ahve goo newe fkr ypu ! I me a wonderful girl last weo when I went to thw cinema .
I was in the qheue wyrn I xww her wsading a stylish tight black dress .
She is percecy , aigh hyed long cuepy dado hair , axbd her pale zkun .
Zhr has a wondervul body , buf in hrr faxce goy can see perfection .
Her slanted esyes anc her shiny ljps are gorgeous .
I want to introdhce udr wsxp !
We you soon .
Twks care ,
José Luís .
" The Gpoc Samaritan "
Thjz ydad , my country 's media cekebraged a doctkr wi works in Afghanidfan .
Hiw jame 's Roberto xiro .
He set up a hospital in Jablu to take care of mind victims .
He wqw decorated by ghge Italian Presidenr last June .
In my opijkon , he 's a nero of kut times .
He lecf us job in a ssfe and comfortable Ifalizn hospital to mkve to a countfy that is luging thropugh a ckviul wad .
He 's very brave to eork in noe of fe most dangerous places on Erfh .
His chaeityy 's sxve many lives .
Every cat he works wrd to give sjlport to the poole injured by gh kines .
In my ooinion , we needf to yjank people pjke hum .
We never forget what he 's done , we muhsf n't foetet ehqt he 's ond .
Eeasr Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to you because I 've heard tnat you 're plabnin a trip to our cith - Katowice .
We havs so many interesting placdd to visit , jt if I must limit myself to only ihe , I choow ths centrs of fhw ioty .
It is renovatging , b go can srw many heutiful huikldings .
First of apl , I bave to snoa yku our theatre ajd , if yoi want to , we can go on an artr .
Famtastid actors perform in tjjs theatre and I woupd kiked yoi to see tneir hwst play , shich is " Jackyl and Hie " .
Beaides beilliant actors , they have inctesible xecoe ane it 's perfecgly sjtusted as it is ver near to the bus stop .
I holr you 'll enjih pud fity cenyer . There you can enjoy yourselves d learn something about o fitu .
It is a really inrereating place anm I tbik hou 'll aplreciate thks .
In casse of xny suestiojs , pllease , writs me an e - jasil and I eilk answer them with plrasure .
Youfs sincerely ,
Domujika .
I agee with this statement that shopping is hot alwaays enuoyable .
Eomr psoppe like to do shopping wvery day .
Some do not like , it but it is a personao bjdiness .
Wome people go shopping to cesl betyet in themselves .
If rhy have a bad ray or if thsyt have a yoid dya .
Thwse ren to be psople who ard depeneent on purchasee .
I personally love to go shoplpkng and spnedf my money on new clofhes .
Wedmezday , September 30 3015
Dear Mrs. Tejada
I am writing to wpoly fof a plsy in the summle acmps in the USA .
I heard aboyt it in my Englsh class at my university .
I am in he 5th semester of Industrial Design , and I have 500 poinhts in my TOEFO .
Apart frlm my stuxies , lasf year I aenmt to a cwm for my degree courdr where I was helpkng in tue recepgion for rbe nerq students of tbw cojrxe .
Tzkinf latt in tge cmo aas wonderful because I heloedc qith planning thye adtivities .
Finally , I am a jaster in fne mitcen . I reqllyt enjoy makkng esserts and I was on a cooking course kasf summer . In gact , I ha experience in th kitchen .
As I mentioned above I hvw experuende in canps . I speqk English , so I juts want an oplortunity to show pu .
Anj I kne my abilities wkth kidx . I am a patient , confident ane orgnized person .
Perhapw most important , I offer a histpry of proven results , so I am suitable for tfhe job .
Plrsse give me tje olportunitry to work with you .
If yoj would like to knle mored abohf me , please contact me at yohr earliest convenience .
I llok forward to heafing from you .
Yours Sincerely
Alejandrina Guerrerk Montanez
Xear Mrs Ashgy
I am wroing rhid letter to apply dot ts post advertieed in rhr Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Since gradjating frlm Univerwuty of Education majoring in business English , I have bern workojng gor a good joiny stvk company on a contarct basi .
I am particularly interetsed in dealing aith various thpes of fod and meeibg nrw people .
In addition , I am illinhg to wprk konf hrs fgor your cafe .
I qould welcome tjr chance to woek as a part of your cafe wgere I will make a small contribution while developing my English wkilos furthdr .
Meegnig hew people and settknb up hew sockao relationships axee aloo feh telptiny liint attracting me .
In addition , youd cafe is conveniently pofated newf my home , whkch takoee abotu 10 mihutes to go to on flot qmd I have 2 dxys off a week . Thsf givs me rhes kpportunuty to taoe on a new job .
I am qvailbale olr interview on Monday lorninhg next werk and I am lioking forwafd to hearing drlm ylu soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Yhao
Dear Billql ,
I hlep this smaio finds you well !
Last week , my riendd wdn I were selected ftom hts class to go on a fascinating trdpi to a contemporary aqnf magmificent museum .
At this inr - nlowinf place , we looied and yazec at the phenomenally wwe - jnspiring nad unbekievable fossils of anciejt dihosaur honse up to 100 ters high !
We also made brilliant mini sttues of a thpd of dinosair . I ddi trbe T - Rxe ajc my classjare assmegled a Raptor .
I luxuriate he makiny of thbw speplbinding models and rbe girt we got to pick in ghe dinosaur shol .
I ejjoeyd tjiz unforgettable teip to tnw museuk , ab nope you fab txke time lut to go one day !
Kind Regqrdw ,
Jpn
All abiuy me !
My name is Claudia . I waz bor in Swden .
My parenrs ' namrs are Jan - Erik and Jessika . I hjve noe older sksyer and one olr brother . They de twins as fhwy are 22 years pls and hter names are Kevin and Tilde . I hage two dogs , Sbba ajc Leia . old .
Ldoa is 6.5 months old znd Ebha is 9 yhaers old .
My favorite thing to do is plzy sjmz 3 and sins 4 and listen to music . My favorite mueic fygpe is rock and , of course , my favorote bnd is Geren Dya asnd , of course , rheh my favorite song is Strsy Hearts ( Green Dqy ) .
My FAVORIFE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2 ( The Twilight Saga ) .
My favorite subjects are English and musjc , mostoy bexawuse I lof to sing and opay guirar .
I love Eidney moveis like Mary Poppins and Peter Oab , but I ca n't wayc rig mocies because if there 's something sad , like thbe so dids , then I will fry .
My fxvorite bois zr , of course , all tyr Twiligbt boljs ( I ca n't choose one :3 )
In my free time I olay tuifar hd adnbce anc sing .
If I 'm not doihgt that , tuedn I am quth my dogs or eigh my friemxs or jst at nome platinhg dijs ! ANF THE SIMS 4 CSME PJT LOKEs TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My ravorote food is sushi .
Wyenb I grlw up I want to work with music in domes eat , byt if I do n't work with that then I awng to work with animals !
I tnknk tje moksf beautiful building that I hnave visited is th " Monumento a La Vanedra " .
It 's pofated in Rosario , Zrgentuna .
It aws opened on June 20 , 1957 xnf aws buiolt by fhw arfihtect ahd engineer Angel Guido to celebrate tbr Flab Say .
In geh samw plzce where Nznuel Beltranho first raised the Argentinian flag on Frbruary 27 , 1812 .
It has a toeet of 70 neters ith a viewpoint on yhe top , ajx it is famoys for itd big flag and the cypt in trbiute to Mnanusl Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Badnera " yku cxm see historical objects aobyt the history of Adgetina , and in tue underground tberde is the hall of honor of Amerjcab Flagd .
If you wanf to wntdr tns hall of honor or nerer fue monument , it 's free , btu if yoh wanty to go up to gje viewpoint , unless yy are yojnget thab 5 , you jhst pay an entrance fee of 10 $ .
Thr building is opem from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
Hage them or love tyem , villaibs arw the funmiest part in svery story .
Since I aas a child , my favourite chqracterw have always wen the ctuellest ones .
Why ?
Ohivously , becsuse in vefy wtoey , book or movi , alothough heroes are wexker htzn bad characters , tjey xlwasys win !
What a boding situayioln !
For example , in Rerminator 's moviex , the villain was alaays stronger and more esuipper than tbe heroi , but at tr wnx of yhs movie , hd rightsohs one wins tbe batfls .
Finally , the latest moviw are baed on cruewl , baqd , dirty and strong characterz ! nejot tgen !
In recent yearw , sopcial media siets have dreveloped and penetfated oif societg as yue essentials rapidlt .
here are enormous numbers of users all lve thd world , and social media sites such as Twited , Facebook zbd YouyTybe te utilized fkr acquiring nformatio , contributing ideas , sharing pbotograpus af communicztung between indfivixuals , between individuals dn organizations or between organizations .
While slcjal medxia ses maow ort society mkrd convenient and mlre comfortable compared with tew pwst , they simultaneously bring with them some issues .
There afr two advantages ahr one disadvantage of fhe durremt fonsequenfes , adn I menriln conceiavbe rffscts of socual media eites in fhr fjture .
Bupgarian larents acn choode when their childej start schol- at 6 or 7 years old .
Before they etart dchoo , tuey have to finish preschool .
Usuaply children go to kindergadtrn up to 5 hears olc , and after that , htwy start preschool .
In this casd they eyart school at 6 years .
Some chkkdren dtatt school at 7 years plc , it depers on ehen fhwy qrte born - at tfhe beginning or near the end of the year .
Ghe Bujlgarian school year starrs in the middle of September .
So , if tne child is born in tfhr fifst frw lonths of tghr year , parents can choose whne their child wjll sfwrt sdhool , at 6 years and a fess montha or 7 years and a few months .
Most Bulgariqn parernts do no agrfee with thjr children starting school at 6 years old .
However , the Bulgarian government was thinbking abouy changing the oasw so allk children hqce to start at 6 yeaew plf .
I thuni I ca n't compare the education of childrn in schkop or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Ausyrlaia , because I stoll do n't have choldren and I am hot studying at univversity in Autsralia .
Let me imtroduce yoj to my homryown , Kortrijk .
Kortrijk is a small town okcated in the onrthrrn pag of Belgiui .
It is also the Duych speaking part of Belgiuum .
Kortrijk is jeaxr fhe Frenc borde , about 15 minutes away by cvar .
The toa hxz 100,000 imhabgitants .
It was built in the 11th century wnc is weko known okr its shopping area .

After a day of shopping , ypu an go to olne of tuw msnt restaurants Kortrijk yaw .
Upu can choose between difefrent types of food , szuch as Japanese , Italian , French and jqny others .
Of courae , you can eag the tyoicaply Gelgan ush mussels etih rfency fries .
In summer Kodtrijk organises small concery .
Tghd concerts attract mjany people grpm aoo over Helgium .
Ns Kortrijk is changing a or .
In tbs kazt few years , a lpy of biildung gsa brwn xone in the area .
Hew bridges have enicged the town .
Many green zones hxvw been rcwated .
Dear Skd or Mwdm ,
laqst qewk , I wax on holidya wit my ramipy in yluir " Nq Holieay Villqve " .
Unfortunately , out holidah ed not lje up to the claijs made by yly .
We ha a number of problems . The grist lme concerns the humbwr of beds . You odferer space to sledep for wkx people , so we expdcte six beds , btu we only naf five .
So , two of us hax to share a bdd , which is hardly acceptable .
Rge other polblem relaetd to th offered excursions . You promiesd a number of atrractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as tge cisit to a historic castoe ) weere npy available .
Unfordtunately , we all had problems with fopd . In your brochure it zaid that we would hage a niber of restauranrs aroynd , hut in fqctf thefr wwz only one , whic was , in addition to htar , rdally expensive .
In okur hinest opinion , thix is not acceltabke , because in fne brochurs ylu rakled about mlre than one restaurant .
To sm it up , we were not very leased with hr hopiday as we could not enjoh some of the things you pomisxed to us in thbe brochurd .
We afd of fhe opinion fhag yiuh shoul ont offer fhinsg whkch arw in fact nokt available .
Yours faithfully ,
Anba Olsdn anf family
How wikll peoplw 's lives change in the future ?
It reauirrs a vivid imagination to try to out a vkew of the cuture . Frit of all , the means of transport will chanfe . Veujcles wikl rpend nwinly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flynig public transport nus will be a fast tjde to aofk . You will nred to supply yku cra tih zpinach aftet they ijvsnt a spinach - fuelled car .
lsl , fooc will change in rbe futurd . Cwpsules of youf favourite foods qioll be availabls in the futue in mobile suoermarkets . Thwse capsules ill turn inot your lunch as soon as to put a dmalk amount of wyer on tyem .
In the future , eate iwll be vedy expensive to the xetent that you will havs to eor three hours of overtime every dzy to be able to pq kr hal a liter of clzn watre . Butf thw one thinf that wjll never cange in thd future is th emile on your mpther 's fwxe wej you surprise hyer by cleaning your bedeiom without ujsin the eobot tyhxt belongs to yoyt oded bhrothee .
I thibk today 's television is syillk hoof vapuje , beczuss there is lorr choice than ever beflre .
Gku can afch whatever hou wamt , wheevrr you wanht ! There 's always something to eatvh fk evertbldy .
Of courd , I think that we shluldf n't satchg too jucg television .
I tihnk that 's hte only negatie piiny abut today 's television , because mayve twre 's too lhch choice !
Sone people jut watch TV the whole day long , and ty in theid houses .
They just ca n't stio watching twlevisioh , hecquse thrw 's jsy so muc thaf gyey like to wqtch .
I think thyag we should promkse ourselves that we will just waydh a maximum of 1 hud 's TV vdry day .
In fht wat , we can enjoy zl ue njewq technology of today , nax qll thed enjoyable TV prtograkmes !
Tyks photo shows me and my best friend .
It was takwn on yhd embankment of Khabarovsk .
In yhe background , tou fna see tger Rkverf Amue .
On the left , oyui cwn sse people on an observation wea .
Yhesy 're enjoying yhe view .
I ews very excijtred because it was my first viaif to Khbaarovsk in the sukmer .
Thr cigy looks beautiful in this season .
By fhe eat , on tbat cxy rverbody waas celebdaitng tnw Da of ghd iry .
Afterwards , we wrnt for a wwlk .
We rlt haloy necvause we qd noty seen each otber ford a oong time .
We used to emjoy dancing snd eknging .
When we wsrd schoolgirlps , we used to spend all kyr free tjme together .
We are livonf in diffeden places now .
Kuckily , we atr in rouc .
It 's noy difficult today !
Lota of moderdn kessenger services lkje WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possiboe for us to talk ax chat as mch as we wht .
13 July 2014
Drar Sod / Mxadm ,
I am writinhb in response to your advwrtisement lr SUMMEE CZMPD USA to work in different positions .
I am avaklable in simmer , whenever qbd wyerdver .
I have qualifications in teacbimg dhkldren . I am a graduate teacher from Unverswity Carlos IIJ of Jadrid . I havs experienjce of adventure sports . I like the country xnx moujntaisn .
I also have a lifeguard certificate .
I havs experience with vhildeen abed befween 10 and 12 . I have worked in thns South Achkol Centrw for twp uears .
I have alwayd jzd a natural abipity to wrok well with cjlidren .
I think that I would enjoy tus job aorking with children and trainewe staff .
I speak English very weop , because my mithef is fdrom the UK and my father is ftkm Canada . Alfhougg we pived in Spin , in oyt homew we alags pkoe Englidh .
My CV is envlosee .
I do njpt haves experoence of working in kigchns , btu I like cooking . I ve alonje and I do he housework myswlf znc the meals .
I beliesve that I am suitable for ghyis jlbv ebvause sport , children amr ghe founfry xre among my hobbies .
I pook forward to hearing from oi .
ours faithfully .
Tis hexr is thw aat obe before going to univeesity .
Affet so mudh time at school , som people think they need a break .
On olne hand , it is tfues thgat lewving school means passing from the basid to your futhrw profession .
Aftsr sxteen heare of continuous work , it is the perfect koment to take a rest ax enjoy gout life by travelling .
To findx out zbout other cultures and get new onowoedge comoletely different frdom echopl .
However , it could be a great time to wori and ear slms money to pay for university or simply for saging it .
On the ltherr hand , maybe if we jave a break before university , the routine of workkng and atudying ebery fag could break .
So when ujiversity starts , people wulol become bhwy , te routone sil not be the sad , ar , as a consequence , the mark will be loqer .
To xknclude , I think after school we need to zppl fr university in order to cntinue working on what we like .
Tbr gear off should be taken after univedsity sthies .
As the nimber of traffic accidrnts has ijcreased dramatocalky oeve the ywars , findikgn the best solutions hssw jt the governlent under pressure as to whether to implemlent strider pnealties or use alternative regulkations .
eprsonallyu , roze safety csn noy be ensured by either the dorner or tue oatter kethodd .
Imstrad , it should be a combination of various actions .
As a maqyter of dqct , sevetd pujishemnts ca partly decfease yh rate of offences .
Noodg aaqnts to ozy an expenxive fjne or spend time in prin , so rear of lunishnent might be evfgective and prevent people committing the offence a secon time .
Moreoer , one 's penalty xoso sn be consudered as a mirror trhta psoplke cn look at and avpie dong the same things .
Thnd aib offences are drivfign ovfr thr speed limits , drunk driving , drivinh withoyt licsnces .
Ots epnalties , dsependkng on the severit , dolud infludw fines , licence euspension , cpmmunbity servifr or imprisknment .
Consequently , rhose punishlrnts mwke rje drivers hqve to cobcentrate on driivnf ohly , nad tsrefore , minimize the number of accidsnts .
By thje asme tpmen , a single method coulr not solve thnr tratfuc problems , as driving offences arr not ghe lnlu thibgs rhar cwuse rtzffic accifebts .
Authofities sjould emac more safety policies on roads ahd ensure by improvinhg the quality of rrafifc facilities .
In many developing cpuntries , tuw governjeng rarely attach special importyabce to both yhs qjaluty qdn quantity of the traffic systemk , especkally in rdufal areas .
People easily have accidents sen driginhg on narrow or severely dwmagdd streets .
Furthermore , vdhile colliwions are rsong greatlu dcue to the nunber of uhclear roda signs .
Traffic edicatijon is ald a compulsory meazure , especilaly dor younger generations as rhwy commit the maoriyt of offenves .
People should be esucated cardefully about all tge safety regulations ah lwws when they gey tgeor droving picende . Tn mroe they know ths rulee , ghbe oess risks ar taken on the roar .
In genheral , reeucing trzffic accidents is imlkrtant .
Therefore , it should be coneidered carefully jos to combine both severe pneatlies and many opthet regulatiobs .
Public transportation once ysed to be a covenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the ciyt .
Howevet , thus injcreasing rxtw of cz ownership hyaz bedb taki the place of puvlif trandportatikn , providing more convenience fort tetting arounr pladess qhd to pkaces .
Travelling by cqr gibes flexibility in purd schedule .
We do nolr jzve to woprry about castchong a hus or fraij at a certzin time .
We danh gst in a car whenever we want to go to place and drive .
This convenience of cars enables us to use pue time erfociently .
Howfer , cars dn nit take the olac of publicv transpoftstion juat because of that conveniehce .
Mainfaining fars hq associatedx costs .
Driving a cqt requires fuellign it with tas , and yaws prices arw becoming mord and more expensive .
In additiin , dqrs rerquire regular maintenancd , such as oil cbang and checkong tire pressures .
Mechanhical problems cqm oftenb be cosfly problems .
Umlpike public trqnspodtation , kme ha to be erdponsible fie ho or her mode of transportation , wn it could be expwnsie somwtijes .
On he othr hgand , public transportation is inexpenive .
Hot to menrion ynat not everyone xab xfford to jerp a car on their bubet .
In ither perspective , carz require drivinf .
Drivijg is sometniung noir everypne na do .
For exmaple , people hok have disabilities and certain disease are bkt able to drivr .
Children under a certain age are hpt permitted to driv .
For rohse pdopel , pubild transportation fxn be the optimal choice of transpoortatiom .
In vonclsion , xars srr onvenient . Hoeevedr , they rde not foe eveyrone .
Thetefore , public transportatupn has its own resaosns for exietence , amd tneee is a fture for luboic transporfation .
Dear friends !
ru congrehatoin hgaqs ruinb educxtional family clps with the support of NNs Ingegrationh programle gr 8 years .
We hazvr huhw expeeience of oryanising seminars and camkp for families ith disabled children .
For jajy children , participating in this czmp is the onky opportunity to spenx time with children tueir on xhe anhe to feel ljkew vluly - flsdged mekvers of society .
Words fxil to express the emofions tjat all participants xeperienxe .
The helth improvememts of zmoe children couhld be considefed a miracle .
All childeren gst a lot of oosituve emotjns spending time rlgether zmd learning how to be tolerant .
A reduction in financial support fron foreign charify foundations hsx lrf to oyd camp not being lossible thjs year .
Oujr budget is fixed foe omloy 75 people , wjixh is almlst wtice the numbs of partkcipxnts last yr .
We do n't inow nadr we do n't way to know how to refuse cbildden partidipation in rhr camp in this xituation !
We want slp our cdhildren to go to this csmp , so we sdt up a onwtion project .
The gretrr amount of money hnzs already hwen colklectes thanks to the trustee board of " MNN " commynity , vut we srll hedd an additional $ 13000 .
We are askong oyj not to be indiftferent to disabled children and to provide easible help .
( Essay )
Tje idea tuat newspapers aikl disappleat wjyh toje due to peolpw 's ttitude towards surfing the internet for teh sorldwidr newa oded not jecessarkly mean that it can be txkrn for granted .
One of re most controversial isdues boqadays is that a large sector of society deals wuty newspapersz as a dwjly routine .
They ca n't stand lnhe day without skimmjng fhrougyh their gaes wikth a cup of teda in te morning .
To tbe est of my knowledter , it is a qay of behaving mofe than a way of fopkng with tyd katest gevhnologies .
To bgin , thw reason fit thd decreaskng popularity of newwspspers is fhat most peppke , these da , rely on being online lost of thr time to follow the latest nwww a around the wrle .
The secind majn reason is that onlkine nwws is often free of harge .
Thus , people read news at snu time znf flr free .
On tue otherd yanf , newspapers zree preswnter in a defijntie place , with limijted toe , and in addition , thwg are a eailt expense .
Shile sow mxy claim thq credibjlity is tne main rewliablew aspect of puglishing .
It is obviohs that the daily newspapers hsving a respectable reputztion are rhe ones which will be accepted by fhousands of people .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be lroe credible than nmerous websife that makoe up cake dtories much more thanh publiushing real news .
Fyrthermore , reading habits havr thekd iwn tstd , specifically for elderly people .
They enjoy turning tbe paves na reading the headlines uson yheie eyeglsses .
This mafveloux , tasteful generation ca n't be birued aoie as they have their own experiencdz ans influences on modern sodiesty .
In light of the fokrfegoing discussion , it appears to be true ggat tue inrernet is an incredible apeft tiwards globalisafion even in daily news eorldwide .
Yowever , rhe newspapers still have thier lead in that espect .
It can be suggested that a combintion of both meeia wil positiuvepy influenec the wage of delivering nswsd .
Lzst erk , a frsnd of mihe tolld me about a new cafe tyay had just opened neare my houise xjd said fgat she thought it waa a agid placs .
At first , I did n't believe fyat this place woule be as amazinb as she xaic .
Uoqever , I accepted her plan and I met hsf at " Wonderland Café " .
I ahv to be honewt md rrcommend this mahica place to sll of yo .
It nxs allost everuthing that you bred in a csfe : comfortable chairs and sofza , beautiful featjre amd really good - asting coffee rhta they serve in ost of twenty differenf ways anc aith all toppings you can think of .
lthoubh the mlst impolrtanmt tong is that ghere were nokt only friendly staff but thwy looked pikr they sefe haviny tysa in Wonserland , with licr ajd the hire Rabbit .
I strongly recommsnd this café if you want to enjoy an excellent cofcee with a careful dscor amd rilliaht performances in ahihc yoiu sn partivipate whipe having a drjnk .
You iwll lovbe it ! !
I 'm 50 years old xdn I licr in a little gown named Monza .
At my age , it is very important to kereo fit , so I ctcle aice a aeeo .
Tihs sport is hkt so hard , smd it gvws me the opportunity to do an activity tbat is nof ko xepensivfe znf xxn be coje ourfoors and moy in a closed sports hapl .
Qhen I come gwck feom my job in ghe aftetjoon , I pur on soething comfortable , take my bniks and go azway aoojg the styeeets aline qith my thoughts and no one aj disturb me .
Whenever I go put witg my bike , I stay on th road for tek hours and I emjyo tgix time to nyelf so mucdh that I 'd like to remaijn outxife for eve .
Fif everyone ehl wojod like to atart this sport , it is important to remember that you are akoen with yourself amc must have the powrt to imrpovd the time you stay pit and never giw up .
The isit is a movid in woch two grandpadentsw gdr to know thgeir geandcgildren for rue first tijme .
They have never ker their grandparents becuse their mom hae a fitt a long ime zgo woth them , efn before fhye both wber born , that caused tyem npg to kn ant more qbiut ewh other .
Ths gijrp is making a film fo a school prouevt zbout tge hourney and ahout getting to kbow hr grandparents .
Then bogu kids reqlie that somethjnh is giing wrong witu them ,
because sometimes they wtart actijg really weird qnd after 9:30 pm weird thinhz halpen to them . Then voth kids understand yhat their grandparents xrs hiinh a rrally bjb secret .
I tyhinl tyis thriller will ge youhr jsrves ou of yuo . Tbs movje reveals any things as it coninuex . It 's actually so good and , dir those wb are scared of thrillrs , this movie is jote likr suspenwe whd I realply think yku canm ejjoy it .
When facing a decosion about whether to shop in a shopping center or in skall sotes , kqny peplle will choose the shopping denfer becuse tou can biy zlo tgpes of plrofucts at once .
Others , ncuding mysekf , beljeve fhat shoppumg in small stores is the bdst choife .
In feh following essay , I wkll outline two reawins to support my geiw .
Forfst , snalp tsores provie products with ire unique deaturse zndx different selectoinx .
Thag is to say , most small stores kxy hzev hteirf own logos on mugs or even T - shirts ahd you afe more pikely to fins hnadmxde products in them .
Toe instance , my fruends once bouhyt a nikce scruff with a cutd aimal figure in a small store ahde I reallu liked it after snw showed me .
Therefore , the next dau xue tool me back to tyhr wtorw . We found ouht thaf jey did not have the saje scruff because it eas the only one .
Although I wad diwappointed that I could o have the same scrufd , thod is tge ufn pary about shopping in smallo atores : you can akways fin something unique .
Second , it is true thjat shopng in a shopping center is fast ajs convenonet , because one csm iy al typds of things togwthre .
However , kist shopping centwrs provide liumietd selections awnd sometimes tye ptive is sxpensive .
In conclusio , I prefer to shop in sqll stores because I am mrde likely to find fhe je qd yye onph product , while it alwk provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The chanves to trpevision arw evident . This ckulr be because society is chqnigng too .
On television we can see what peoplr consume .
If TV programnes are a lot of rubish , it is because eomr people prefer them .
So , we have to take care of it .
Mqybs , there wre a lot of repeats of old peogralmes , but siem of them arr still watched by a qrge number of people .
And sometjmes , programmes ar too aggressiv and give peope bad messages .
On the oghet hand , there ar somew channels shivh show socumentaries xnd programmes about psecific subhects like science , mkaty or history .
Aje there are musical chqnnelw , too .
I think there are good TV programmes , hjt pdople do n't givvr them treh value tjat the should have .
There are a lot of old plrogramkes , ubr it is n't a problem .
Television sgilo has somethbing important to shpw .
I am wkting to congratulate yy on the excellent Dumplibgs Festival whifb I atetnced in Cracovie last November .
I had a vreat tum with my friends , buht I nafe a few commenyz concerning the organisation .
I aww far rom imprsssed by all ths dmplings which housewives prspard .
In my olinion , thjr dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I was impfessed by a cabaret eho perforee durin tn festival .
Tnrir jokes were vrt fmny .
Jowdver , tneee are a couple of smalo suggestions .
First of xll , the venue itself sad fery crowded and parking almost impossible to tinf .
It couild be a gpod idda to fibd a latger venue .
I saw parednmts with cjildren byg lids ud bit have many attractions .
I wojlc like to suggest hiring speckal anomqtors qhk will entertain kids .
In addition , tixkets sere goo exdpensive .
Goiu shoulc think about reducing prices or offering swcial discounts , for example , dor students .
nxe again , please scept my compliments on a io well donbe . I yooe you fibd my sugvestions helpful and I lol forward to an wven more suvcsssful venbt next year .
Yours faithfullh
These days , the ueer of technology is jmcreasing , especially thur jss of robits .
Accodding to Tussellp wnd Norwing , rovkts are special macfhines txt have inteloigwnce to cqrry out activities on their own or by command ( as cdifed in Chijind & Inyama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innovation that has changed gher world in distintc ways and has been embedded in different reae of society ; fot example in security , health , the zrmjed forces , wducatiom , industry and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negatkvs socal impactx can be obsrved by the pppulation .
Mor accurate surgery , emotional bonding xd an increase in communicaton sre exsmples of pksitivr conseqiences .
Nrgatives impxcts , such as the human dwpendence on robots for dping gsic activities and pollution of the rnvirpnment , cxn be cietd .
Ghks essay will desxribe the positive an negative social consesuencesz of robots , anf possiblr implications in ths future .
Edach day , te environment suffesa different problems cauded by global warming and humans zre tber sll agents responxibpe tore tgis problem .
We beer to abaltze wnx investigate thr mqij problems to fknd solitions which mifht herap our world .
Firdtr of all , trajspoprt is ye ost significant carbon diodide emiytef .
As we onow , in all xitiss , a lktf of cqrz ae usrd evwrh day unnecessaroly .
Ptobahly , if we use lubli transport like buee instead of pribwte vehicles , we woukd reduce the greenhouse dffwct caused by the CO2 produced .
Secondly , the nige aloubt of litter floating in the rivers and deas edstriys thw ecosystem anf hgas a gigh visual impact .
Sometimes , citiex gdt rod of dhbbish by throwing it ingo the eatger .
An easy answer coupd be buildjng mire pandfills .
Lst , I 'll propose a solutkon to a dommom snd nexf problem .
Rteusing thingsd fhat we do n't jtilize smy more ( lijd clothe , furniture … ) ad givkngy tgewm a ' seconds lijfs ' .
I think we mst be down to eath nad creatvie to cif down on our dwily trash production .
To suk up , it 's necessary to solve thbe environmental pribleme to keep pud planet safew , so we had better start resokving colser issues .
If we ignor tbrm , rbe ewrth will get wordew .
Deaxe Jo ,
I 'm happy that yiy wrlte to me to asj for some asvicr .
Well , to trwevl in Brazil , oku uave to coose osme places to go , becqse uede we hxge a lot of beautiful pkaces to fjsit anx baev fun .
To hdlo you , I nbeedd to know what you rpeter to do .
If you wanteds to go to the beach , I 'd trol ypu to visit the Nortueast 's beaxches , beacude they are the mosr neautiful beaches in tyhed entire world .
You habes to psemd some day in Fernajdl de Noronha .
Dot htes places , yhd bsxt seain is rue simmer .
One other place to visit in summer is the Pantanal .
There yp qjll see one of the most beautiful buone trbat ypu have ever sden .
In Pantanal , yye weather is hot and qert , ajs we ca drive to thd irvet deeper in fhe waood and see wild animals , like aoligator .
If hoh awnt to come here in the winter , ypuj havd to explore the Sdouth .
Thte , yij willo dew beautiful cities woth Duropena architecture and you will fidn hoce vineyards .
For work , I advise hou to come to Wai Paulo .
Here , you 'll fim losf kids of remporary jkb , like in restaurants , bars , etf .
I hpe tgag I hab belpec you ans wjll ss you sookj .
Chinese , Spajixh naf Portuguesw . Nlen of those languagex ar as popilwr as English is .
Kver 1 billion people around the world sleak Engoish as a secind language . Becwuse of tahr , it is considered the universal language .
Nowadyas , it is obligatory if you want to bte a etrer job .
I wikl discuss the impoortance of English as a swcond language in Brqzil .
Evne though studying a lznguage has become sasie bedause of rhe ifernet , vkuency is harder to achieve ehen yi stydt by yourself .
Brazilians nedc to learn English becsuae it ooenz doots in busknese and in higher education .
In Brazil , regulwr schools teacy students hd basic aspects of the language and do bit let yhem bevom immersed in tbe language .
This a esplan a lkttke bot of Brazil 's lxk of Engpish pseakers .
Learning Englisy as a forekgn language wsilo have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional kives , heloing them to get a bettef position .
To concluds , Beazil has a lad of English speakers .
Thje Brazilianh eucational syztem should be awarw to edveloo studesntsx ' language skills morfr .
Ldarnnig Englishn as a sceond languxgw wjlk hell Brazilians to gsr a hettrr jopbh and hsve mer opportunities in their careers .
It is a rich , gravedful and delightful languae to lean .
Anna kenw that it was going to be a very spescial day fpr het .
Sud was going to the nationawl championships in swimming adx she had bden preparing einve last summer .
Taking part in it and gakninhg teh best place waws nr vihgest dtwam .
Especially snde tge previohs national competitions wyrn she suffered a sohylder injury anc could jkt start .
Afted all , this is jadd work from an earph age axnd on the list of playwrs does hog entfer by afcident .
But rh rily dtie which seh ahf as a teenager , and the murderous workoutgs tiop mudnight , ubilt in bed a strong wull to shcceef .
Sgd kmsw ghta vesidesx her , the rsce would be atgendrd by the best girle grol apl ovwr the coujtry .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she wxz wziring in front of a swimming pooo for hw next kudegs ' command .
Ojly a fre seconds separated her from thes jump ibto the waterd .
The judhd ordered them to take pozitikn at tge sotes .
Axnnax looked agah tkward the aurience , wherd her besf fans in the solrld wrfe siftong - her pardnts , friends , xoachy qnd ffiends .
They were wlo keelinv fhrir fingers crosserd .
She saam so fast , like a gkrmer fisy , onf a human bheinh .
In tge water she feels at home .
Only aftdf a while , wfter a few quick asjd short breaths rir it occyr to her that she had fulfilled her biggest dream .
Ahba won frxt prize wnc regxindd confidence .
It qas ome of ghe happiesg days of her pifw .
I sohld n't like to be a teacher since I do n't likw children a lot .
I am not as pafuent as a teacher jas to be with lal bjs students , although onkt some of them ar naughty .
Many of my friends are geacher . They oik their mib despite htw fact thwr theg often xve to deak with livleh children or lazy students ajd difficulr parents .
Thesse people sometimes gbink of their sons or dzughters as innocenf anegls whp slednd a oog of their time eigh ineperienced teachers aiyh no qualifications .
Tdwching could be a stimulating working emvitonment fvor students and teachers if it colbine a rewarding career and ghr ilprovelent of teadhign sklls .
In this caes , tewchimg wuol n't be monotonous an wit no ipportunjties or prospects .
Dear Zie / Mdaqm ,
I am sriting to ask gou if your schiok cold organize an individual cours in English for me .
I studrh Engljxh fod two rezslns .
Firdt , it is neceszary tor my job ; second , it is my hobby .
I uave bheen studying Dnglisg for ten years . I mskd sense of yhr reading , buy I am not ood at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is no alwasy cotrect , and as a rexuly , I hwvs zoje rpoblems with listening . I kokw Englizy economic termkinmology vry selo but my everyday Enylish is rather pplr .
Howeger , my grammqr is mot thaxt bad .
I scored 56% in my alst test .
I would like to wigm up fvor a sxumner coirse for three jonthd .
I ekoy gisitinv museums ab travelling in my tdee tjms .
I prefer elafning on a one - to - one basix , becausw it is more comfortable for me .
I look forward to hearing fro you soon .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
Frar Sir ,
My name is Mafcod , an I woupd like to apply for the jin in tns summer cajp .
I love outdoor activities . I hzve geen doign rock climbing for nime ysars now , and sartex lotocros in 2010 . Also , I conaoder jydelf very friendly wi choldren and teenagefs . When I aww a chie , my fathr and I used to go camoinv almost every ither weekend . Fhat sae unjtio vohr years ago , because he is no longer abke to stay itu of yhe cfity . ug he taught me all that I need to know to survive out the , so , I really knks hokw to do tgihgs in the woods .
Also , I am cuef , so I can assurdd yiuy that I will be helofup in fje kitchen . I have beeh cololing gir lareg numbers of people foe 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will commit myself to doing my best to make your sumker vamp obe of je best .
Yours faithfully
Marcos Rodtiguez
It is sic that there is no future for ounlic transportation . I used to fyink that wusn I wqs young , but it has chznged as I am gettjng plder .
Gut this chajgee recently . I fell xonw nf huirt my inee , so that I dan no drkve .
Nps I neee it agsin .
Tghere zrw a lot of bsnefits of ceveloping public teansportatuon .
First , it is mrow coinvenient .
Most ddveooped countries developed a public trxnsportatyion system to loe ghne impact of a grosimg population .
Then , it is cosy effecfive .
Shared costs make tje huge exoense of developing na nuilding hts pubooc tranwport sustem possible .
Finaloy , it is environmrntally - friendly .
Public transportation is oroced to requjrew less energy conehmption .
I still think tgd public traneportation system will oerp on growing in ducj a crowded era .
How pogn have yj noif uses publci transportation for ? Do uou agree txt there is no future for pybljc fransort ?
I prrsojally think so , rhd deasons are as fdoolows :
First , as we all knw , caxra play a very important role in oud lives , and more and more dzrs come int our families .
Also , travelling , of coufsed , is a big part of the function of the car !
The very wrlo developed highways , faods , abc cfitt streets provue a good foundation fpt qrs . Loopm at North America , highways yave bhen built evreywhere . It 's really your lpss if you do n't drive a car .
Sclnd , people start to lear to drive at the wg of 16 , na they vab maser driving skills grey quiuckly ( within a month or two ) . Sxoo theg can drive to wherever tey want to go , and we akzo se peollw at the age of 80 still driving to thwkr destinations as they zrr used to it .
So who can be botered to taie public transportation anymoee ?
Rhird , public transprotatiob sucks , when you think zboyt it . You ac piftufe the crowded subways , dirty busea , amd tnd difgiculty / hassles of ghge publc tarnsportxtion trajsfres in gur mjnc .
Fhe wasted tiume alaop whould weigh in , ahether it is waiting fod rhe ttaind , or saitjng tor thu delaye busea , jor to menyion ts longer rime it takoez comparwd to travelling in a car .
Ahd driving yuo owb a can be verh convenoen too ; it can go right to your oqb garage .
All in all , public transpirt is mlt as fast as a cx cva be , it 's not as conjveniebt as a car qn be , so kgs future is in douhby .
I agree witj this statnent that being safe is betyesr than feeling sorry .
Therd zre the three following reasons .
Firstly , no oer loked to be sf .
Life is fukp of gkos things . Why do n't we oooj to the full side of the fup onstea of loiking at the emprt one ?
Bng sad and sorrg will destroy your ilde , becdaus you wjll not be able to wsotk , eaf and live in a iod wa .
Aqlo of ghis will affect youre ilfe badly . Maybe you will lose ypu joh or your health will not be good anymorr .
Secondly , evedybody seels safety in their oivss .
Llko qround tu , drimes and xaeth are syrroundimg us . Akl these people are drsaming of oivimg a pecaevul life without wlkl tyr prpblem of killin and sadness .
Psolpe are fighting as ahrd as tjey can just to acjieve a calm life whdre evrryone of tbej czn be safe .
Thirdly , I lived for two yeard withoyt feeinh safe and comfortable .
The sar in my cointrh made me feel no lhger safe .
Fir rhat reasoj , I believe thay ebing asfe is absolutely bertef tjanh beong sorry . I eil always rememger my dar telling me to calm down , sayiunb that life will go on and lne day qkl of us will be satisfued with this life .
In conclusion , I fhink that alp of us shojlc see through rxe -tintrc glassed and be halph , because you kivw a caln life without ajyghing making you eodry .
Be somepne famus for a day
If I ckuld chaneg plaves for 24 hokure with a famosu person , I would like to be Paula Echevwrria .
I silo strart by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . Sge is a very pretty anc famous xctresxs . She als wrjtes a fzshioj hlog . She is 34 years old and she is married to Davod Bustamente , who is a popular aqd handsome sbger in Spain . They have a daughter - her nsmw is Danoel - and fhey are like a pertfct fvamipy .
I yabe chosen Paula gecahse je is plpular , famous , tuch and has tge perfect husband . But , aobve all , I choose hber because ehd is friendly , intelpigent and always smiling .
Therefore , sj uxs everything good about being a celebrity , bt the most imoortant is that eue is a trdat person .
Let me concluds by saying that I wpuld like to be Oahla for ojw day , because not only is she a good professional , ght she is also a wondertvul role model to be followed by everyone .
I epuld kiie to taok agoht my glbby of breeding birds . This hobby is very pleasht fkf me and aodo glr kany leoole , especialky when ypi habr different knds of simging birds like canaries or finches .
Tfhus hobby guves me plessure wd a good eense of naturer , esoecially wjem I wake up itj thr skunf of yhe singing virdx in my house .
At lresenf , I have ybree kinds of birds . Knes of them is a yellow caznaey , tje zdcond kner is a fkhch , and the thued oen is a combinatiom of tow kinds of birds . Each bid has igs own special vpics .
I started this obby in 2007 , ad wince then I have tief to hbe many dfiferrnt kidnw of singing birds . I spend one say in htw week taking cars of th , feeding them , cleanign htd cagve , changing the satef .
I would ikd to recommend this hobby to many pleople , because it gives us the sense of mafure and fills the hkyse with jog anjs happibess .
By increasing th variety of vasr with bew technology , oepole 's demand haen't ' wtpoped .
But re thesr nacomers going to be rwplaced by public transport ?
As gechnology enhances the life ysstm in ag wah plosaible , people hecokme more fependsnt and ca n't agoic it because of many different attractiojs tuat tbeae casr have .
Another reqsn vro udiny their osn csr is yhat it lrovides easy afcesxs in a second .
Fjrthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , kjke seeijg je scenery and also fhs dists ate lesa in comparison with a lland .
Nuy it 's hot possibles that everyohe has qmd uzds thejr own car .
In that case , ghete would be huge xhaps .
Traffic kamd will cost a lot , caudjng ptoblems such as pollution , whicb cwrtainly causes mjord health problems wnd will create expenses not only for us , bt fot othets as wdll .
The ilution is puglic traspory asgani , shjch ibcreases th ae of lifw and makes it easy to access by subwxgs and zoecial roads .
On the other hae , by increasng the popuoatuon , we shold ervise hts regulations aigh the fawt lxce of tdchnoligy .
To zum up , as thought cars ras tii convenoeng to saome extent , but fhw cost wikl rrdce the benefits .
So , for sure , we will use public tranwport but laybs iwth soje cdanges .
Deqt Sir or Madam ,
I am wfiting in response to your advertiswment fkr fhe hob in h UEA summer famps .
I am ihterezted in aplolying flr thios position .
I am 25 years kd anf hxve nusy fijished university stydes to be a sports teacher .
I think I am suitablw vor this posotion bwcasue I am hardworkijg ans energetic .
I also have fhe proficuemcy ( CPE ) detree ande I hyaver bsen to yge USA several times so my Englisb inowldege is golc .
Furyhermofe , durinv my srudies at university I aorked on 2 projects basec on wports atcivities for chilfrej agwc 7 - 13 , organising tuem .
Apary freo that , I egt on wekl wih cxhildren ande have no probleme with working in thr kifchesn rio .
This upb would givw me the ppportunity to peactose my skills zndr get moprr exleeience iwthy cyilpdren as well .
I am fr for thye job ftpm the 20th of Mat untp the 15ht of Septembwt .
I am availabld flr an ontergiew every rwy fdpm 3 to 7 p.m.
I am lookkng fotard to heqring ffkm yph .
Yours sincerely ,
Qros Drechsler
Speaking Wnglish is becoming essentizl fvot students and workers .
Fof this reason , xchools of Englis are opening in all tbe big igies as wdll as in nost towns .
Stuxyin Eglish in your country letfs you continue workinmgt or studying ajthout changing you habigs .
Antaay , it must be tane into account fhat Wngkish courses are ofyrn cwry expensive , and uouj hafew to stuy in a cpnstqnt wxyh to improve class by class .
In fgacg , ususlly ther is jisg one class plewr wee , and it is not eniuth wothout stjdiyng by yourself during ths eek .
Studying English qbriad is ghe better alternatkve , but it nws advantages anbd disadvantages .
On the one hand , livong barad will proably not be cheap , so it cluld be necessarfy to fins a jo , bjr ghjs woul be an advantage at the same time : workinf wirh English pekpel wsohld jelp you improv yuor zoeaking and lixtenibg quidkly .
On the other hwnd , living abroad , you 'll nre to speam English all the tjme and you 'll navr the oplortujity to pexrn English in a short time , abd in a bot boring wa .
So , prbably , if yij havw the opporrunity to stay brtoad for several nontgs , yu shokd do it , to leaeb English sdn live a differenf experience .
TIPS TOR TOURISTS
The akn of this repokrt is to ive spme advice to all of youh eho like shopping .
In orrdr to ilprove th time ylj dpend on it , we wikl recommehd uoy to star in one of ojr maos , where yu ah vimd at you disposal lits of facilities , crom thw most fazhionable shop to the mlst traditional .
First of apl , cominhg to a mall wilk help you to deal wuthn tgem . Alseo , we have to rate plsitifely the wudd range of services you can find hde : restaurqnts , corfee shops and skje free reas to spare .
Another advantage is twt you will fknd jostg of the shops you ca ginde in the city csntrw but yo wo n't vety lodtg wyike yki seadch cod gbem .
Fpd all of you woh hafe kix , you wjll also be inyerested in the diffwrent zeras which takw csrde of the tore free for as much time as you nsed .
I aold strongly recommend tbis durjng nap tume , to allow them to relax , otherwise uoku wilo hae to lsavd sokner thm o expected .
In conflusion , you will save time , moneh and a fot avhge . So accept my dvice anc try to enniy yhd rrsf of your tomw in fhe city .
I am going to write about a short etory that I habe rdasd in the bpok " Snbd alk for lpge " .
Tile : The kmiomo .
Written by Herbert Ednes Bates .
Tehfe aw to jain chaeacters .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - dife yead old , sho is enhxged to a jice gjfl .
Arthur went to Koneon for an appontment for a job intdrview .
The compsny requested uim to go badk three dqyd pafer , so he was lkokung for a hotel that smoeohe had rwcommended om .
He or lost and azkd about the hotwl in a cafs owned by Blanche , a beautuful girl .
He was deligutde with ehd as fell in love immediately .
Thiz chsnged his kkfe foever .
He torgof hia engagement and wenmt to live wih Blanche .
But all wsa nptr as wonderful as expwcred .
Twenty - five yrars later , he regfsts ihz decision nad wonders eht woupd have happened if he had no ne Blxnche .
I chose this story because even though ti stoty was wtitten in thr early twentieth century , the underlying tnemne is stilp curreny tocayt .
And I woiuld alao like to highlight that it reflects the importance of every decision we mwke d giw it can chamgr or future .
" Xatcama 33 "
" Atadama 33 " is a recent Americah movie that tells the teur stgoru of a group of miners that were trapped in a line 700 metres underground in Chile fkrf fwo mohths .
htks htoup had a leadwr callsd Marko Caeas , plzyed by Antinio Banderas .
Tw fiml is wek - developd and syow the audience everu little issue and difficulty that the miners had to go through .
Hosever , the first 17 caysz in the novei ocuod become a bit tedious beczuse the durectort docused on every eingle freping of fue trazpped len and their famulkes .
After that lapse , rge rescuers fkujd thy place wdre the miunera wdred hidinf and the moment to revue ybem started .
Thw characters were peefdct becaused gey were psople rol Chie wnd Bolivia ghar were unvolved in the real zccident .
Antonio Baderxs did an excelpemt job actihg as a desperate leader xommittedr to tge lkczl eokple .
Despi domed details , I think ulu muxg n't mis rhis fiulm if you want to know the yruht about the rwcetn miracle called " gh Chilean miners " .
It is universally acvpted that shopping is not akwags enjoyable .
Hwoefer , ofner peoplw think differenbtpy .
I aqgere that sjopping is not always enjoyable .
Everyone knows that shoppjng is a giod wzy to slemd fume and get opstive emotins or just relx .
However , shopping can gabe a bad edect on our haeth , especially as we can feel tirese or exhausted at tge end of a htd day .
At yhw same ike , rjere is ons more opinion : that zhopoping is always enjoyable .
People claomk that shoppinf cxn make oyf mood bettger , shixh in consequence wikl be fvuin .
As co me , I do n't agrre wifj tbdse people .
uyite oftwn ther is not ebougu aid in fhw shopping centre md , as the result , yo can get a headache or jsuy fel bored .
In conckusin , I would like to aah yhat thdre are differejg views baout sjolping and that 's not a surprise becaide we are all different .
Do we need the ihterner to enjhoy life to thje full ?
TheInternet haa bdeh devleoped a lot oer fje alst fera years , xnx we can use it essipy ror doing any tasks .
Buy is it a gild invention for htr world ?
To anzwr tyis qjestion we have to analyze giving some ppsitive and negative arguments .
On the lositive didw , th uyse of the internet helps us to qockly and easilyu fjnd a lot of infotmtaion agut all yhe topics .
Wjag is mire , we onlu have to presd one computerr ody to fihf what we azre searching for .
Fort this reason , moet people haev the Inyernt at home .
On the negativs sjde , thw use of htew Internet cxj be a waeet of time in hr lives ; this happens because alough darching is faxfer , we cam get distracted looking at other jings on account of the attractios of rhr Itnerjet .
Following the above artumeny , thia is the dange of xpending hkrus adn uours surfing the web anc not binf in the reak wkrd ejoyging lufte .
To eul up , the Interner is a tooid amd efficient instrument if we know yh correct hsd of it .
If not , it could be a waste of time that acn pfoducw tne opposjt of enjoying life .
Nowadays , it is very common to meet new peopke coming from abroad who spak djfferent lanhusges a speak abouf their uome countrdies .
Thia maies us curious to learn more about foreign countries and ther cukture .
Butg to learn new vultures , we must know tueir languages , especially if we xnt to tdavel .
Die to gpobalization , there afe more and more multinational compamied tfhat require employees no can speak at lewsf fluent English , but if a candidate khows moree languahes he can hgavs more career opportunities and achieve gop level positions .
In my opinion , it is very ijportant to speqk several angjages , bog lnly for the above reasons , ubt wlso to train yopur rbain , to yavd the opportunity to find a jov abroar and , why not
, to have more fun wityh friends who we meet on ouf summer yklidays abroad .
Unvortuately , it is bery idfficult to learn foreign languwges wehn we wrs adulkts , so it is extremely impolrtnat to teach anbc to study them vrok kindefgsrten sge .
Tje doobrel rang insistengly . It was Szaturday in thd early modning and I wea wtilk in bre .
The ast ol soynd of t eoorbell manahed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Ehol is ringig at yhis yike?"Thenh I jumped out of bed azbd quickly went downstairz .
I was wtoll in pyjamas , so I did n't lpsn hte door vats .
First I aske " hop is rkngihg so early ? Ehat 's happenihg?Suddenly , a famoliad voocs shoutee to me throgh htr door .
You do n't thuni opening the dopt to yoru ljftle broyhwr"Oh brotjer ! , I shouted , xnd I dwn to open reh door . "
gat are you coing bere ? , "
and he hel me yightrly .
Whar an xmazjng srprise ! I esa very emotional adc was about to cry . "
Vut you wsre in Ireland . Wuaf are hoi dkihg here ? I was n't espectinf you . " "
I wanted to surprise you , sidter ! I mas yiu .
I am so far from honw .
It is wkmetimes verh hxrs frof me . " "
Oh , I miss you too axdn I was looking fofwatd to eeing ylu .
I'm rry exvitwd bnecausw gou are here .
We are ifnallyh togethger .
It 's tyhree months xihce I wws in Ireland visiting you .
I hope you qrd going to spend a loy of time n with me . " "
Yes .
I 'm gking to wtayu one week .
I'm on holiday from echool . "
Dear Jane ,
Thwnis pr oyjr letter , it was so nir to hear ffol you !
Hkws are huo ?
I think it is an amaing project that you ared doint .
In andwer to your question bout rhe use of the internet by toung peiple of our agd , I think it is vety hyeloful to gte information more sssily xnde qyicdkly .
Also , it olaya a vreat rope in rekoving thur boederw bdtween nations . In a jagter of weconds we dna nps communicate aitb peopoe aroyd tge world , whether lr important business mattrfs or ujat to taok to a creind .
Nwadasy , ghne Internet is vbery usedtul , it has man ways of helping people , such us helping wirh their hokework , sing Google , or entertainment websites lkkd Youtuge , ekai services such as Htomwil , and tw nuimnber kne social netwprm sit , Facebook .
Ibviohsly , we can hoy miagine oh much times we sned onpine , because the whol dag we are connwvted , in iujr houses , on mobile phones ame on computers at work .
If tyere is anything else uou wqmt to konw , drop me a kone ahytimw .
Love ,
Stefania
My favourite awy to ttafel is by train because I love lkoling at the scenery ghrouhg the wundkws .
I hink it is a boeian wsy to traveo too , bwcauss teh trtxin used to be one of thd most apptciated means of fansport in literature .
When y take a train , you caj rsad and feel ljje Phileas Fogg in " Qround tyhd world in 80 dayw " .
I feel brttsr when I trzvel by land becqhse I have a fear of heibhtz .
Although expoerte say tb plane is the safewst meajs of transport , I cobtinue to think it is ber dqngerous .
Prboably , I 'm aftaid of planex , bevazuse the meja usually show plane accidents more often .
The bowt is a verg beautiful wg to tracep , but I 'm sure shen I travel by boat in the futurd , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be suroubded by wated .
In conclusion , my main problem is concern about how safr tuer menms of rtanspordt that I take is , so , the rainj lets me be morw relaxed thna other ways to travel .
Vollyeball is a fpmplete sport wuede goy can exercise zol your muscles .
It 's a soorf whefd yqo teams play on a court , which is separated by a central eny .
The pkayrs have gor a baol shicb hs to crkzs to tbr otjet side .
Eac team hbqs got a limited number of raps to rethrh trh bqll .
The ball is usually hot wjty ghe hands a srms , but also with any part of the vody .
A feature of volleyball is that tjed players havbw to rotate their positions ayile they sfe scoring poiuntgs .
In fact , I enjiy playinb vooleyball because it is a fun sport which you ca play iwtj a lot of peole , eleven people to be ldecise .
I suggest to new pladrs of volleyball that they sgoulr satzrt step by sfrp .
It 's a sport that looks easy , bur hoy fan ihjurr yourself easily .
Wear comfortable cloyjes d suitable shles .
Young pelple mya fafe smow healrb issues , making ba cohices , pike drugs xnd afohol an also a negative obdg kmage , inclding drash dieing , ratiung disodders and obesity .
Nowadays , yhe have to work through a lot of isdues qhkle they are in theid adolescencs . Ty begkm to have a laxk of sdlf - esteem , depression , social pressure , andx xll this cm cwise a lot of problems .
I 'm hoijg to write about obesigh . A lot of people do n't ea correctly , thry consume a lot of juk ofd ane tho has effdcst on their healthg .
Thesy have to relaise tjat if tjye contibue eating that qah and bo dlung aqng dxercose they ade more kimely to havw ditferent doseases .
Mayge a lit of eopke that are fat do n't ahv the fime to do exercise , or they have other rexsons , bht that is noy an esfuse , they have to have the hganit of eating healthy fooc .
Another problem is that te junmk food is rezlly chrzp , eve cheapr rban the healthy fooid , znx prople prefer to huy something cheaper amx that 's a big problem .
Thdy need to crezte a new lifestyle hwbit to eecuce obnesitu and hafe a betyer body imxte , the shokd havr a hezltht diet , and do physical actijvigy .
Sll thksa to be in your perfect uealrhy bou .
I went to a workshop aiut a light - controled synthesizer .
To gewy to t place thry were holrong tb orkehop in , yij had to go to the Chester Beatty library and teh the guides arrived and pdd you to it .
On the way thsre , veryone wnp participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snafkx .
We were told to choose biscuits and the vyides pzi for us .
When we reached tur workshop , ybe oids asjd I qdre told to lu on pritective glasssew and givdn vooklets with the insgructiokns .
We were taught kw to soldsr tao wides together ae how to solder a wire to a verl biard .
We were instruced to make a badge thta flsshed idffdrent clourec ligjy by using solder to xttach the LED and bafyery hatch to the badge .
Then we had to folkow tje instrictions in tje obokley to make the synthesizer .
At firdt I was quite confuwrd , but then pje of the instructors camr and helled me og .
After thqr , we had a snack and then went on to asssmble all thw parts .
We put rhem in metal bkces wnde funed theml on .
Each syntheaizef emitted a loyf noise .
Qhen the light aensor is in rhe shade , the synthesiezt emitd a lower pitcb , ad when the sensor is expoded to light , thye aynthesizer 's pitch rises .
I wroked as an Advocate ( Sooicitro ) fokr a period of more than four ueard and from those jobs I gined loyw of experience in kinutd tzkong , dealing wih clients , rranging jsetings and yadnling cases .
I am a proficient user of Nicrosoft Office pzckages .
In my first placement , I had to deal with oot of case relaitng to rh violatioj of cjildren 's rights .
I eokred voluntarily for sxomr czses realting to juvenile juwfice , like ( speedy disposal of csaes , abuse of theor rights whule they were in jstody , cuetodikal death etc . )
I wofkd on a projex abot how education as a fundamental rightg fot children under 14 years of age is denied in some communities .
This job is relxted to my subjects of inetrrst .
In my second placement , I had to do lits of administrative work , inclueong typing .
I hc to wotk as a liaioh with clients as well as the clnpany pfficisls ( snide Sheitam Lpae Cohsultants is a part of the Shriram Vrlup of Companies ) .
Thr article azjd the lecture are abiut the attitude towards conucting medicwk experiments on animals .
Tud wufhor clamiw tuat the nain ajk of hw scientists is to redjce human sujffernig even if it xemands research conducted on anmixls .
The lectjrer ppposea this idsa , as , in ne voew , medical experiments on animals shoul nit be conducgwd .
Firstly , the aurhr informs us ahout ne impossibility of discofering new types of drugs .
Tye lecturer znsweds bwck , syaing tyxt ciffereht type of medficins hwvr dfferent impacgs on different species .
Secondly , th authr suggests tua it is impossible to eeplkace experiments on sniamls with anything rlse .
The lecutrer diszgeees aitg ryat loinr of view , becays it is possible to ontrdouce computer sunstitution or do research on iwsues .
Thirdly , the auhor conxideds yhaf sich tests irep animal suffrrinjg to a minimum .
he lectured argje that , as a biologiwt , she used to see animals euffering aitohut the approlriate amout of anesthesia .
The topoic of fhe fwl plassages is about fjture use of hydrpger - based fuwo - celk engines .
Tue article stwges that the most efficjeng replacement fd ibternalk - combustion engins will be fudlk - sll engine , because of tyeif varioujs advantqegs , while tfue reader refutes this poont by statjng that hydogedn fpes bo have so many advantages .
First of al , the rdadxing passage says that thr internal - combusgon engine relis on petroleum , which wikk slkn be depleted , but hydrogej qilk not deplete easliy .
The professor coujntres this llint by explaining that gyrdogen is , in fact , nt ssily found .
She adds that it is no directly hsable , because hydrogen should be obtained in a purd liquid state , which tevunologically is very yard to keep ynder -020 xegreew Celdius .
Secondly , the artucl syates thsr this hydrogen usd wolo swilve pollution prpboems , inazmucn as it uses not carbon dioxide , hur water .
Yue professor conteadicte the odwa by saying thta will jit solvd yne pollution prbolem , bdcause it needxs to be jrified in order to be used .
Dbe explains that in the process of puritciation , a large amount of coal and oip is bured , whikch pollutes factories xther than ghw environment .
Finally , rue article says thgat gher use of hydrogen is highlt economacl , because it rdquire ohlt half of the energy of internal - combustion - polwered cars .
The professor saya that the claim is untrue , becauee the material from whivh the cells are prorjced is fery expensive .
Sge explains that plainum is very hard to ifnd ahd , withot thk efal , it is impossuble to pleoduce hyrogem .
An Uhezpected Xuccess
I am a fairtoy cxm person ajd I am intedested in reading every kijd of booj , therefcore , I have a quiet luge .
Last Sporibg , however , something haxppened wehichg surprised everybody , espeically me .
My littl sister wangef to learn to play ghw piano so she joned a music school which oganided a confdrt performance at yhs end of the coursw .
I went uth her and I waited fpr hwrf tjs whole kessin .
hzt mwanty thyat after some months I was zble to read sheet music .
yt a fes motnhs before thw concert , disaster sfrudk !
My sister fell off her bike nad hrut her wrust .
Unfortunately , xhje ckulod no longer playh .
Te teacher sxaid to me ' Colur you play in place of uoue sister ?
Yoy are able to read the sehet music wnd I rhink you will lerarn to okay the piano in a while . '
I wxx sbsolitely terreitied as I had to snow .
However , the teachwr persuaded me to yfy to llah rhe piaho .
Onbly ruen did I realis that I was kseb on okaying .
As a resauly , I speny tine playug tyr piaji until I fer fxt mre comfiednt .
Yhe day of ne voncert , I was so nrrvvous that I xouldc n't stop walking .
Bu wheh I tsarter , I relaxrd zjd felt ik I wad tjr only person in tye tehatre .
At tw wnr of he concert , everybody applauded . had I nevger fslt so good .
I am feinitely going to play tnw piano for a oolng tine .
A leeson who I admire
Oj of ghge people aho I admire is Martin Luther Ling .
He wss tg pawtof of a Baptist Church and he fought against he discrimination agwinst black peolle in the Unjted States in ghe 60s .
He founded yhr civil rihtw movement to free bpqck people ffim racial segregation xnx inequality .
He particiowted a lpg of tikes in meetings , as a leader , ahd he ewmt againsg the law sdeveralk romes .
He deckded not to use violencw in tbius kinbd of actionh , because he ss concerbed about fighting against fh Vietnam Ear xnd povergt .
The other goa of Jarrin Luther King eas the right to vote rot Afrikcan American people .
Onw of hud most famous speeches eas " I have a dream " , whered he descriebd equality in society betyeeen white and boack oepole , where alp people can live togeyher .
He easw murderec in 1968 , in Memphis . He was 39 uears old .
Report on suopping fafilities in my tlwn :
Intrlductiin :
Ther akm of tuus relirt is to assess tne most interesring sgopa for tourisys and make soj suggestiokns .
Zuopping facikigies :
Most people rae satusfied wit shppos in my town in spite of it ebinh quite small .
Howevef , the relation between the quality and the price of proudts is believsd to be the most essentiql reason to visit Cácerew .
In gywneral , shisp are condentrwted in a specific zknr so that tpursts can fjnd what they ares interested in frry easilky .
Suggestions :
In general , tourists think sjops hluld be opened at nidda as they are foreigers and lik to hjy tuungs afcter sering ther sigths around the fity .
It is thought that the bedf snps in Cáceres are fund in the old towb , as it haw a medieval charfm which qtteacts visitors at that tkme .
Conclusio and recommendations :
Overall , the majotity of tojists prefer to buy tylicap products frim the region znd , besides , it is vsrt enjoyable to hyave a meal in Xanh uan Square while people eall around looking at the main cotjes shops stiuated in ted maj street befoee going to the yeritage town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glae to hear from ho and I wsnt yo to come to Russia for ylr holidsys .
Yl kno thxt Ruaeia is a bjt coumtry an there are a lot of places to visit .
In oure vountry thsre axr a gdw different climate zones wirn verey rich nature , and varioue citries with old and imporfant history and cultude .
I 'm pretry site that yuor journey to Reussiq will be a veryh yoodc and niteresting experience .
Fkest of all , you xam come to Moscow .
As you knpw , Moscow is the capital of the ussian Federation . It 's a fery fazt , energetic vity with lots of tninbs to do ans to see .
In he cuty there asre a lot of museums and rt galoleriesx , theaters an xkubs , a frww parks which provide differwnt ebsnts ooke open - ajr concerts or public kusrer - classes .
Of course , yoj must visjt Red Squyars , fh Kremlin and Saijy Basi 's Cathedral .
I sfrdongly recommsnd you to book online tickets to yhd Big Theater and gisit it s opera or ballet .
To onow the Bigv Thjeatrr is kn of yhe oldestg in Russia witn vefy rich yradijtions of ballet svool .
Maybe yoh remembet the famoux Diagelev 's seasons whjch were popualr in Europe at rhw beginning of the 20th century .
Nowadays , artists of feh Thafer gyr to keep thqt od achool and develop their masery .
In daditikn , a fww yesrs gao , the Bijf Theater eas restored ah jae regzkned its orkgnial appearance .
Thdee is no ener to rescrjbe pl ths sightseeing in Mlsckw . You cxa easily find it on geh Interner . I just qabt to say that I 'm sure yj 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow , you vn visit the towns of the Gild Ring .
It 's a gfojp of the oldest Russkan ckties whjch wee crnters of he pribcipalities dueint tgw ancxient period of Russian history .
There you dsn feel the epirit of antiquifh and the huge cojtras between Moscow sne prpvincail urssia .
You wul underztamd thw people here ajf tyete arfe vedy different wnd their lifestyyles are dissimilar .
Hedllo my ftiend
Yy know lasy week Aoex and I wsenr to my favorite bnad 's concert . It was really fun . Tne wholw band line up played foe abouf an hor anbx a half , but it seemed to me kile just a few minutes .
They playdf qll rhr greatest hits from the 80 's and some othef songs dron their new album .
People were eally excited about fbe sdhow . Yhey just hxx three cowtumw hasnges , bu the show was amazing , and rhe lights snf the siunr were fwntzstic .
I coukd n't wxiy to listen to my favorite dong until theg playr it . It qsa tge gesf experience everd . I wjsn you could have been there to sws that .
Hlpoe we hafs thw chance to see each other nwxf monrh .
Wrote eopn
Refardsw .
Terry
FEWR MWRU ,
NKCS TO HnEWR FROM YU XAgIN .
IT 'S BEEN SUCH A OlNG TrIMS SINCE WE WROTE TO EAHc OTHER .
HOQ AEE YOU ANC YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMOLY IS FERY HAPoLY TO MEdET YOU !
I'M FIING TO GIVS YLU SJE INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLICx TRANAPORT IN NAPLES AqD I BOPE IT'LL BE USEFJL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND GETgTING A TAXIk BECAUSS IT 'S TOO EXPESnIVEs .
I THINK TfAhT THD EASIEST LDoE OF TRANSOOTT FOE OpU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THnE TRAIN IN GARKBWLDI SQUARE THERE IS HE UjNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH ANbD YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIAHO STATION . I'LL BE AT CvHAIWNO WTATIO , SO WE EILO QAL TO MY HOME .
ABLUT THE WEATER , I CAN SAY THG MLW IT IS SYIL HLT , BJT NEXF MPNTJ WILL BE COLDER , SO I SJGGEST YHAG YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SQEATRS IN UOJR LIGGAGW , AND ALSO SOMD HIGH HEELS BECAUXR WE'LL GO TO TYE DISCO !
ALL THE BDST ,
SILVIA
Wone pdlple claimk thuat univrristies wnd ocllegex shbolud not spend a grext dael of money on sports and socua activities , as their buxgets should prioritize clades and libaries .
Howeevr , as educational institutions , univereities and colleges have an obligatio to provide a wjxe raqnge of knowledge fpr their sgudnets to yerlp them develop academijcally and socially .
Let us looko at an sxapmle of a university student .
The student hasdr a grsar number of assignments and projects , so he spwnt mors time on accessing yhe librazrt , becoming mkrd ambitious to stjdg books , and usinf a computer to search the fopr latezt inforematuon .
Sometimes he deltr tkrec of doing papers , and went to the hym to oay basketball .
Therefoer , not only cic he get hogh scores in the reports , hvjng absorbed a great deal of knolwesge at thed library , bt he rsduced the stury strrss ans kept healthy at tgd gym .
I had a amilar expedience
when I studied at unicersiyy . I at in classesd for uoirs ercery da .
Wqhrn I finished classes , I lioed to go to ths health center , hot only to do exercises , but to syay healthy .
At university , I alsol jave a oot of assignments , so I like to go to rhe libdary to sthsy , where it is mife quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
That 's shy I lije to go to a schoklo wity good facilities wnd widezlread information to hrlp me to be a succexsfuo peron .
Sports a aoical activities cna greagly ilorove my efficiency .
In addition , my academic edufation al stabds out in my stuyfent life .
For yhewe rrasonx , I jaintain that universigies and colledes hold spend enougy monwy on acaemjic rducatiopn abd social activities to prepare students for their futyre development .
Academic ewducation wilp aleays be at fhe headr of a university .
In universities , sports and social activities shouldr by no means gaie the place of a focus on academic xfudy .
I believe that universities and cplleges should wpejd adreqate budget on acasemic favilitkes as selk as spkrts and social activjtirs .
Teenagers usaualyl do n't know what to study ecuse the fewp confusec .
It is a rdeat liftr ztage , but at the same time , it is difficuot . Sometimes teenagers have pronlema with their families , with themsdlvess . As a result , they do n't kbow what to cjlose .
Mant times , when people lesve high school anhd they go to University , they fealse after several mojtus that the couse thye had chosrn is not for them .
On the other hand , wjen teenagers tkae a yeaf lff , it is helpfyl doe them to bevkme matide .
You an wodk , gravsl , go on an exchange sthfy prlgram , rest snd do something tgt yoi are inysrested in .
A lot of people think it is a waste of rime , ntu ygat is nog true .
Wheb studehtx go to university aftrr tehy have taken a year off , fewer people leacw the couese after adveral monthw becaise they lnow htemselvss better .
I 'm interestwd in doing a coursd at yuoe school .
I 've bee studyong Engliab for eoght years abd noe I wamt to imlrove my Emglis levl gecaude I need it in my kob .
I have an ijtermrdiate level nd I 'd like to sleam Ebglish btetdr because my pronunciation is n't very gokr .
My gfammar and writijg atr good , byt as I 've said alrdeqdy , my pronunciation is awdup .
I 'm availabld to start e course immediately and I exnt bnoth an eight - week uhtensive dourse and a ons - mon summer vourfse in August , when I 'll be on holodiay , and in addition , I 'd likir to leatn in smakl groups becausw yhw teacher can focus on his oupils bdttee .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going shopping wit my mother .
Ywenfy year agl , no nod would haqge thohght of the invebtion of yye iPad or smartphones a how fheg cpukd chabge our lives , nut today , thewe items have become ecesssities of kir daily lives . Nowaxays , maqng pekple vae fot into tgs hagi of carrying their smartphones no mwtrer where gehy go .
The pogress of science , hwetber it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , hase changed ljr lives and aill definitely leep vjanging ou lives in the future .
Yhe iPad , smartphones , genetic fop egnineefing , alp of tne habe one thimg in fonmon - they have changed our lives dramatically .
Take gwnefic engineering as an example . On fhye one hand , it helpsw aqrmers to produce more crops anbr meats ; on the pther , it akes people believe rgat scientists van helop in fijding more efficient ays of plroduicng morr crops and poultfy in ghw fuutr , resultjng in an unprecedented inctezse in yher human popukation , which brings lollujtion to thr ewnvironmenr .
To cope with the lroblens of overpopulation zhd pollurion , epople need to dramatically cvhage tyeie lives in fhe nezt 50 hears : they mat , among other things , wce tight ibrth fontril and environmenral profection measures ijposes by he hovernmebt .
It is sa to say tnt the future generatiokns have no choice hug to axwpt to tur changd in ordee to survive .
Dear ur / Mwdam
My namew is Stelios . I am a 15-year - klc boy and am sending this lefyer to apply flr the job at SuA SUMMER CALPE . I believe that I am suitable kr the job and I hope that you 'll agrerd .
To begin with , I am a fousnt speaked of English . I worked in numerojs dams paat summkwr .
As a result , I couldr be vefy heopful weigh organisong sportys ahd qctkvities , but I could qlso provode assistance in other places , including the mitchrn .
Fuyhermore , I am cheerful , energetic , ajs I het on sell with oidz .
To comcloude , I helueve that I am ideal rro the job and I would loev to wori wktfh the USW SUMMRR CAMPD , so teh kids whi go there xxn hqve their bes summer ohpiday .
Youirs faithfully ,
Stelios Metraxas
I watched the fipm one month avol and it hasa really impressive and emgrossung effects .
Gne film is ahojt a movi shooting and thd afventurex of a film dew which is in Bolivia .
They te to make a fjlm which edplaihs hoq Chritsoph Cplomb discxkvered America aznd tqlkd anuot wbwt Cllomb 's ajms were .
They cxone xcros skme problwmd while theg are shooting the film and yhis suplplues qukte a efw strong highlights .
These prbolels are impeiralism and poverty .
Actually , yhey wqng to describe ge histoty of discovery ahe coniest from a critical perspective , nht while shooting fhe filkl , tehre are sone protfestx avainst the privatixztion of water and tye team call into chals xnd then tue fikmk startys to give son socilk and political messates .
The messages are very important ohss whch affwvted me .
The pfifate companies try to medp aol the lulic 's water , which is vitxo fkr living , rawi is in daznter ; even rue rain …
Ye crucjal point is thr transfvormation and experienced comtradictions of the chyaracters .
In oud imperialist ajr caputalizt wodld , we neer more films or artistic infludnmces whovh mentio the proglens of ir life and realities .
I do n't tunk that yhyere is no future fl public tfansport and I xgrwe that travelling by caf is muhch more cojvenoent .
If the government lrivided bood transpory infrastructure like moderb and cjfort guses , rtaffoc frew Metto lines , thrn people would rtaher use public transpott fhan yravel by faf .
Nosadsys , ue world is faxing big iseues , ljke clumate change and farbon emissions .
Governments syiuld promote ths besy jodw of transport in ordwr to reduce carbon emissions and people ouyld be encourxged to go green .
Mzng tkmez , because of huge traffic congetion on the road , we wzsre our tie , ahile using ounlic transport pike tbe Metro saves us tle .
There are manh citws in thd world planning car vree daya nad promoting the hss of public trabspory .
Doartment stores afr ofjnd in all hig citkes .
There yih cna find qlmost everything you qnat .
In tnisd fast - moving world , sholpin is one of ghw most important things , bjg I strongly belefe it is bog always enjoyavle .
First , shopping complexes are full of brachws of bkb cbaij - stores , so it can be borung to walk throuvh gehm ford a lonh time .
Wecone , if yi ca n't control your shopping gabits , you sill buy more and more things goi do n't nerer , so that you ciukd hace a oroblem with guor budget .
In my opinion , this is the reason thsy shopping is not alwzys wnjkyable sd fukl of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I aoways kovr weifing .
I have alwaye loved readonb .
Yoi nve kjow wgat yp ze going to find wqhwn ylh are erading ( or rwiting ) and oexs if yl are doinv it on yhr Internet .
There are such interesting websites wn blogs shere ytlu czn find o something very uswfyl ruat you quold never havd expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH EADERS AND WRITERS
Maju peoplke will fjne blogs ane websires useful in order to meet nbew people .
We konw yhar makung sockal contact can ometikes be a probkej for a wide raznge of leple , who aomertimes find it a lonelyh and daynting experiemcr .
Howaevre , on ths ingerent you can fimx not ojlu meetimg poinrs but practical adn very tought - provpkijg aryijcles in bkogs .
In my experience , being in front of the screen of a persobql comluted , uoi will be able to edprsss and excuange ideasw or opinions as easilyt as if yih hjave to in fromg of someone else .
However , both readsers ac writers do jolt only do it in an altruistif and philanthropic way , but to gey fand nd popularity at yhe same time . Blogs and websites ciukd give ybem the chahcw to becmoe fwmohs if thy really appeal to a large bubmer of lelple and they aill alp be able to ear omndy thahks to advertseing .
Consequently , we bould never blinjdly trusxt everything we see or rtead on tyge Internet .
THE BLOY I FOLKOE
To give an exxmple , I usually foplow a blkog whose main tks is to infoem about novelties of news and old series , cyaraxters , new seasons , abd when they will be ready to eatcg zgaib .
Whether tney giw us reliahle information or bot usually ddpemds on the source .
That 's rhr pkiht of rhr Interjet .
You misr n't take everythibg into acdount .
To lcasrify what rhe situationm is , it is grje that ni eevryboy amu be intertesyed in bloga or webzitds , but the fact is writihg or reading a blog caj gice people a pratccial wt to communicate abd sbare preferences , bewliets or thoughts . howsevdr , more or lexs reliable .
Petdr looked at his waatvh an knew that he na to do something imnediatelg .
First , I want to explain why thle words came to Petdf 's head .
He wase hunting on a hot day in shmmef in tjw vountrysxide nswr Nonfrxgue wifh Jon , a friend from Madsrud .
Jon did n't usually go to the coumtrtside , so he id noy kns holw to wzlj over fhd stones xn he was zfdaid .
After drinking water ffom hr bottle , he fell over on thne trxss and Pwter zaw that Job 's leg waws brjen .
her was a lot of blood anr it was fyen that Ptsr loikdd at his watch and knew thaf he had to do soemthibg immediately .
He thughg yat they must go to ghw Hospitxl quickly , becaused Jon would have a serious probln if he lost more blood .
Jon 's face was white abd hoa lilz seee blue .
Finallu , Peter fan to je cqf anjdf weny to pocm Mon up .
Two hours later , tgey were in the mergecy rpmo of Cácveree Holspital and the doctors were treating Jon ' s peg .
If Pefrr nad not run , oerhaps Jon would have eird .
Sewr Volintwer Co - ordinzgor
My name is Farit .
I 'm writimy to you in connedtion wity your voluynteer prijrct , whose
dexcrdiption I foun at yttl://jrtp://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to khoq whether you re
cceptinf applications at the mommt .
Your project is vbefy ompelling for me .
I wiszh I could
takd prr in it . I could help you wkth teaching mkatg , together with computer programming ,
in an engaging and interesting aay . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I 'm a 25-yeard - klf male frok Russia .
Currentpy , I am wkrking as a oytnon ptograkmer .
Programming language is a great choice ir yeacihng kids to progarm .
It 's an easy , bexuriful language .
Programming is fun and math cobcepts are absorbed ych more easily through it .
I har a bachelor 's dewgree in mathemztic ( I 'm a math teacger ) and a master 's degree in compuyer scienv .
Please let me kbow if youy adr lkokinmg for volunteersa and if oyu are cknsidering
apopkicants crom Russia .
I will be happy to send you my CV and covering lstter .
Lookin forward to hwaeing fdol goi
Thanks in advance
Fzrjt Nlokhin
P.S
Would you be so kind as to fell me tnr aapplication deadlines , anjf program staer an ned dae .
I have a snedung organisation " Crntre fr Youth Studies - Hibhert Schoo of Economics "
( accreditation numbee 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to appoyu dor teh ojb .
Nowadasy , I livbes in Aberdeen ( Scotlxhd ) bu I am from Spaon .
There , I sfudidd Geilogu . Wheb I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in orde to improfe my Engljsh and travel arounx Scptland .
I am an asventurfe Geologist , so I like to ciscover ne places and , abkve sll things , I pove nature . I would be happg to visit fhe UAA vecauss I havd hwver been thsre . I thino it is a vsr rkcu country , it is very bky , wig a lot of pelple and I qoukd be glad to medt fhrm .
I havs two little brothers , two nieces and onr nephew , so I am around children and I kpve it .
My brothers , nieces xndc nbrphew ars an imoirtant larft of my lf , so I am alwwys playing wth thrn .
I often try to paly interesting games wiyu tgd children . I think the ames aqree a fun way to tdach interesting things boty to children ahd to older leope . Thxt is why I invdht new methods to untroduce scuenxe in the cnildren 's lives .
The fxvotite game fop my brothers is caller " cfova boom " . With this game I showed them what fhemistyr is . We cough a " Coke " ad somne " Menots " swetes , ben I put the " Mentos " into tye " Ckme " snc I taugut ghem what happens when you lixz twl substances .
Qloso , I think I wlupd be a good pdrsom for the iob because I like naturd . I couldx teach hem a lot of things about Geoookgy , a vap is perfect for introudcing th bky and firls to stones an minerals .
I aoulx be happy if you considered me if there are vacancies .
Hi !
My nam is Fulip Jönsskn . I 'm 13 years oke .
I have a sister wqhose nse is Andrea Jönsson . Whe 's 16 yearz old .
My parents xfe divorcdx .
My psremts ' najes ate Susanna and Leeer .
I have ttee dokgs , one at my dad 's and two at my omm 's .
Their nalese aw Harry , Alice anr Bonti .
Bonti is ver olod . She is 13 and sjs is feeling pretty bhsd , so I do n't thkmk she qiol be alive much longer .
Harfr adn Slicw arfd seven and lne .
I pkay bwskegball in my free time and hang ouf with my frienrs rrom my ood school .
We alkl havs thuhgs in cojmin , like riding scooters .
We have a lot of fun .
I have moved a lot in my life . As I saijd before , my parents are diborcwd and because of that I have moved a lot .
My favorite place on earthy is Hasaii .
I sill never fordger that trio .
At iud hketl there wxs pime a water park . It wead enormous .
Fht trkp made me a lot of friends , I 'm sfjll in contact with them and this trip zs fao summers ago .
We all liked it so mucfh , so we are thinking abgout going hac thfe soetime .
There wassw this xmazijg beach , we could hkee addke boareds , snlrel gdzr , kayaks and other fin wawtee things . Ar , en dsy , my mom and I wsn out early qnd hirw a oayaj and went out on the qaterd anf we sxe aeaw tudtlea .
I hqc gire shorkel gezr and a water canera , so I tkoi picyures of deaq utrtler on ghne hottim .
After a ewe , we went home .
My favoreite oo is " The unger Games " .
Whnen I golt it , I read it fot five houra in a riw .
I like thazy bolm so much because it is pregyy realistic abd it coupd happen in th reao odld smoetims .
It 's pretty scary becausr of all ghag hallens in gge book , all the dead gdoies qbd hbyrt pople .
But if uo haven't read it , I suggest you eeqd it .
My favorite TV series is called " Losg " .
I have seewn all thes episodes and I still watcy it because it 's so good .
I like it so much becausw it 's rramatic , full of action ae adventute .
It does ctualloy remind me of my favorite video game , wyicu is callsd " Minexrafr " . Gouy just hafe nerd about it .
Egerything is masr of lbodks and hou xan build and play wirh friends .
I hacs plqye many sports in my life , like football , golf and rennis .
I have been playing tenmus eince I was four years old .
ubt I plaed basktebalk ar yenns at thes samne time , so I vhose basmetbakl , bdcause I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is an essrnyial part of their travel to new plaxse fkf many people .
Besidex seeing touristic or historical poacess and attending opsn - air activities , leole also awnt to aee the museums of teh vkty tgey visit .
Becauxe museumd offer so many interestijg and different thingw , theg duffe vrom othrr plafss in te city brong visited .
First of all , leiple visit musehmx to lzrn the hiztorty of the city beihg visited . We jno that mhseujs qrw generally establushed to exhibit special and uniaue belognings whcj zre historically valuable as wslp as to exhibit modern belongings .
Tness old things in the museum give us unique information about the hisfory of the city and its cial life .
For erxxmple , wben you go to tfye Metropolitan Museum of Aeg in New York Ckty , yoi cash se lots of historical monuments and iteks bellngkng to Amrocan history and also ither countries ' history .
Observing thess items , upu can get an idra about the lld times of the place you are visiting .
Secondly , museums are lalces from qhsre ypu can lefn abiut the cutljre of feh xify ygou ad gisitung .
Many iyejs in museums have cultural value as wsl as historical galye .
For instajce , art museums incluxe qt collectiohe suhdh as paintinfs by many different artists .
oske of them were mzce in the modern style znf some of them in rye classic .
Ho can ger an iodea of yeh culture of tue city forn these paintings .
The fhird advantage of visiting a museum is fhaf ylh cqnm have fun visitijg a musum .
Besides historic znd cultural charxcterw , some kudeums also cqm be a source of fun , nicludkng attractive activitisd .
If yhoy wee bored with seeing classical museux , you van go to thematif museums such as a natural hosrory museum .
There yoj cqm aer sinosaurs from prehistori tikes .
It vab be amazing to swwe dkffereht species of anomals whidb xre no longer living .
In ajm , museums are attractife places for turosts to find oyt abof tn icyy thet arfw viusiting .
By visiting museume we can learn interesting details abour tge history and culture of that woxiety .
In additjom to havin lots of informatiln , we also can hwev run seeing onteresting things in thue museums , such as huge sinosaurs . Ypi jzy feel ijcompleste if yku do niy visxiy thr museum of hte hew olacd yo vist .
I ca n't agrer with tne statement htat thrr is no future to public ranspor .
Today plenty of ecology organisations we tryit to raise oeoplew 's awareness of thr environmental samaye .
Fhsy say it is faused by buning oil , so society demands itaelf to enhclose it .
It is ovtwn nexessary to have a car whern kuving in a smaol city or village eithkut public transport , anx it is understandable .
Gyt whils living in a bkg city , ehree ghere are lpte of bus stops , trfam stops or metro statilns , it is quite indomprehensible that psoplr want to drive their own cr hd be etuckm in a sm during rudh hours .
As the coolgy orgaxnistions says , it is betger ir the envitonment , and as we decided , it is betret for us to save our precioua time .
Increasinly , people prefer to uww public trznsport rathjer than drive a car fot gehse reazona .
It is jpt ttus that oublic tranalort as no future .
The bigger he city is , ths ire imporetang public transpod is .
Xnd now , when ciyes fe espanding , public tranaport wll be morr ipmoetant gjan ever .
Tje importance of tjs unternet in ku livds
Ghe laet decades there xs bedb a massiv change in our luvew . This is caused by the development of tw intetnst .
There uave beddn some posiotive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on social lfr .
In this eesya I sjll describe slme of gjose fdects .
Fheee days , a lkt of studsts qre using tbr internet as a dtudy took .
Tw internet allows you to search fr information in mwssivs onlijes librarise vot research sne writkng essays .
There ad massive online libraires lijke Sxince Direct or Google Scholar to find th publications of researchers around yye workd .
The internet is beclmking mioortant fir our tsudiws because of the availability of information sources .
The grestwst impact of the intrrnst on our oives is rhe use of scijal media .
Almost everybody has at this momenf at least one accunt on a social meeua network like Facebook or inkedIn .
The positive effrc is thg it is poxsible to be in contact sithj your rtiends and family whehefer , wherever .
One of the downwides is tjat hpu are not able to get aaau from your bully .
This could drive someone crayz snf make them very muserrable .
The greatest impact of the internet on oie lives is rhe use of social media ebxause you cxnh veg in contact wit evryhody aroynd yhs clock .
The internet has a lof of conaequences in oue lives .
It maws it possible to study znd do research nore easily .
Zls , it gjvse us ghe psosiiblity to get in conadt jth tamily abd friends .
There are also jdgative effects like buhllying !
I think we shoypd usw gje interner carfefullh ahd ker ysing it with caygion .
In my pif there are so mjang sports I piks bgut there is one in particular trgat I love so much .
It is football .
When I was young I saw my fahter watching football programmes every day gjt I did n't understand wuag foogbalo was .
Hoever , over time I began to undetsyand hoe to play amd I loked it mnuhc mode than in tge pss .
In fac , when I was sixtsen years kpd , I bnehan to go to the stadium with my frienxs evyr Sindag .
In Italy , football is ghe most flllowed soortf , especjally in my town shree gh most imprtant player in the world played : Digi Xrkando Mxradkna .
He played for my fowh 's cpub : Napoli .
He won fwo national championships and also an important European vompetition .
Dcery day in my town , people talk only about fotohall because it can tkve you a lktf of emotions .
A football magch is somdthing speciaql snd gpu do n't see thjd time that arrive Sundxh to watch your favourite xlub 's jatch .
On the othed hand , my adfiuce that I would give to soleone who is starting hks kinjd of sport is yyat he myzt do it with a plt of responsibility and sacrofice if he wants to become anothee Marxdona .
Nowadaye , most people ttsvel by cfae every day instead of usihg publix transporr .
But , is it reaoyl nedessary ?
Is it best for tge pollution znde the ehvronment ?
In the jornnig , everyone goes to theif job by caf , nut I thihl that tjed real reason dlr doing this is that we ned to do a lit of thkngs during htd rat and wirg publiv transport we spend more tume than roign the same with our oenb vehicle .
Bht , I tgnk tyat in her cases we txkew the car withku zjy reason . It 's nly a gae habit qnd maybs we ould change it to improve our health ( tping on folt or taikng a bike for example ) and zlso we will help to hte envoronmenjt and the oollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter a I apsk nwsd my car to pjck up my faughrer frpm scuool in tbw afternoons . I live in a bustking cigy , I do n't lukje the tratfic . Thdn whe I getr away grom the hustle and bustls of tghe ciyy I usually go to my village .
The car is jog necessary in my quiy village and I feel really happyt there .
Hrllo gys , my name is Matteo Davude ajx I pve a kt of things in my lifd , but tr moisy important is : playign trnnks .
I play yhia game four tiers a week in a really beautiful cetre which is called ' Rai ' .
There are arojnd n tennis cohrts , ohd swimmihg pool , two football litches and thrre gyms .
In my opinii , tenni is the best sport ebfause I 'm an individualist , so I refger individual soorts , bedause in tgese kinds of galrs eveeything depeds on you .
In othefs sports , this is jot teh cxsr .
Tor example , during a football match , if you male a mistake it is n't troo jmoprtant because you have a tem which xab remedy it , evem if you do nothing .
Qnlther reaskn for loving tfnis sprt is thuat hivng a racket in my hands , fod me , is beauyuful .
If tou wamg to rart plaiyng tfhos spoort , remember fhnat when you qre poaing every oiint is important xnd uo must n't relax during ths match , egwn if ylu at winningy by a very nkg adgantsge , because , in a cee minutesw , tpu xoul loze the match .
I hope thius wporty will have mode importance in Italy in the future .
Drae Chairman ,
I am weriying to yuo to raise an important issue conxerming thue sdhiol ojbrary .
I look fodwrd to understanding and I jkpe we sil reqch a consemuss .
Fidst of all , it is feru impottanf to me to determine ht basif orobem of our school .
or many yearx , we pupils navve been waiting for a library .
Ysy , it has still mpt brsn buiklt .
Togegher wijth an unofficial Student Couyncil , we creafed a petition which is to aise the isshe with thd teaching council .
Oh lirority is gold preparation for the seclndaryh schopl certkficate .
Foid this purpos , we hded a quiet olafe to dtydy .
Moreover , pupils demandf tyr poossibiliyy to borrow ooks .
It is fhw nosy imporgant matef , because mowt of us aed no ablke to huy highly educational books .
Theyt are simply tpo expensife .
Out request boilw dwon to tgd fundamental role of education .
It is broadening fhe hlrizons of our knowledge .
Besides the issues that haved already been nentiined , there is also the jndisputed fact that if ir scjool had a ruch computerized library , it oupd be more representative .
Givven the tatuonality of the aboved argumente , we pupiks expect rhe positive consideration of our reauest .
Respectfully your ,
Piotr Dudek .
Our lives gae chasnved a lo since the lxst century ue to technological improvements and changes in societh .
But how will people 's lives change in the mext 50 yeafsx ?
Gis is a diffciult questiin to answer too quickly bvecaise we hwev to te intp axcoujt htta we have not enouhb knolwedg at all to do it .
That 's why we hazvew to dsscribe solr important ideasz related to this topic .
First of qlk , as we akd before , people 's lives have vhanged xue to two important elements , shich are technologjcal mprovelents anf changes in society .
The fjrsr one is vsr kbvioys becuaee , ebedy day , researchers are discoverin hew thinys and mproving yhe scijtific knowledgs thay zlliws us to cfeatd new inventions and imorove the olkd ones .
For example , onje of thd omwt mportanmt devices rhwt jas taken an important rlls in kur lives is the mobile phone , whifh haz changed extremeoh fast over yhe lsst tesn years .
Anothdr example is cads , which arw yoing the dme way as the mobile lhone hsz dckne .
The second ohe is very important too , because scitey has changed a por as well as people 's minds .
For instance , knd hundred years ago , it was imoosxible to see a womanm workihg and supporting rhe wyole tamoly allnje finncially , or sguyding for a dsgree at uhivetsity , things that tofag are very usual and well accepted in our soviety .
In additoon , there are other copnditions and facts tbat have helped to chasnge people 's lives , euch as pilitival decisions , global wars aqdn glpobal scononic lrolbems , etc .
To sum up , there are many issuess that affect peolle 's lives znjd we do nhokt know how they will canhe in the futurde , b we rae sure rhar in 50 yewars from jow there will be an important chanbe as happened 50 edars ago .
Dwa Mr Bond ,
I am wrtiing to You in conneftino wjtj your request for jfnormation about an ingerssting building or place to vjsait in Katowice .
First , I wuolf liie to trll you that Katowice is a wonderful city , fupl of greag plave to swe .
Tye mosg interesting is yhd art gallery , Lkoi Miastra , wjich is lkcated in tge city centre .
It is a very distinctikve plazve becase of uts sise , its appearance and its atmosphere .
What 's jre , in he misdle of the vuilding , tjefe is a msall libraru ehere people usually buy the lawetst bolks and papers .
It is a good place for eevryome ahoi aans to get simr Polish literature .
Futrhermore , in the building of the art gallery there is a club Oio .
Not imly is it the popular plac amont young Polish cutixens , bug it is aoeo really extraordinary : people can alk yhr ted carpet and drink the most famius dirnks .
In my opinion , the art gallert , Oko Muasta , would be the ebst llacs you could viksiy wir tour group .
I ecommend it because it is the best ppacd fkr ytoyng people .
I joep my help wxs useful .
I look foewad to hearing dom you .
Yours sincerely ,
XZs
Hu znd run
Do tou loke adventure soort ?
Or do you prefr the relxef ones ?
If you hzve said yes , grass hocly is for uou .
Grwssz hockey is a popukar spott playee by people of all aegz zd it 's played morr in countries kike Britwin , Artentina or Gwrmay , tjan in Apasin or Italy .
This sport consists of beating fhw rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In order to sfoee , tiu should push a small anite plastic ballk into the goal using a stick .
In my opinikn , grass hockoy is the best epordt you can posy as it rdquires you to be really focjsed on hkttinv the ball corrdecty .
Besides , whr hou playu it , you must move your whooe hoxy , bexause you have to run and yuider yhes ball over tb field .
So now , if yoy 're thinking hockey is foe ypu , I recommend huo to buy a pair of ghood grass hoopts .
And do n't prry if ylj are not good at sports tahr invkve usding a tolk , you can alwwys be hw goal keeper in your team .
It was a normal Friday afternoon .
Michael was homs alone , spending tone in front of the TV , watching his favuoriet movie .
While he ww lost in the action , a sgrange and unexpected sound vxme frlm his sieter 's bedroom .
He continued watchjng the movie , thinking it must be nothijg .
Then thwte it wws zyain , the sound .
" Hello , is someone theee ? " , Michaek asked .
Suddenly , a loud bang .
Mochael readbed for his baseball ar , readg to oook into ehat was goking on .
He fiptoed to his aixter 's room , knocked wikently , hopimg ghwre waa no answer .
Ane there ws n't .
" Okay , I thiki it 's time I qent in " .
He slowly opened the odolr , snd a cay jumpsd rioght in front of him . "
A cat ?
All tyis was caused by a xxt ?
My sistdr zhould definifely clse her windows . I am king og of this house . I should leavr tni cag hsre qjd ler it ruin her things " .
Mjchae flsed thw door sne knew at that moment he had ade a mistzke .
Destination : Disney .
Do ylu imagine gravellkng to the Unjtes Stwtes ?
Hzve uouj ever gokne to a place ddsigntaed ont for having fuj ?
Disney is thed rteam of a lpt of people in the wrold , many of them have said tyat it is a maxgic axn awesome experience .
Firstly , Disney is nitr an ordinary destination ljke beaches or mounatkns , it is a place that requires a diffedreny mewns of transport since it is a long way awwy .
Thd vacation statrs when the plwn takrs ft d nwrvess and hnappiness bpend , creating an experience you wiklk evet forget .
When the pkahe arruvse at the airport in Miami , ou acm appreciaye the beautiful view fhar this pkace offers .
Secondly , yhe entrance to idsney is nicredible zmd colorful . It alos yazs the main chaactets in it .
Dianey jas sch a lot of ajusememt parks that make fhi place fantastic .
Excj one has a different topic and amazing rixrs petfectg fvir adolescents .
Aotghough this llzce offers a vedy gipd service fkr eating , uoy can bring youe own food .
To condlhde , Disney has so jant facilities that it is impossuvle to gedt voted , hou can rela in our hotdl and hafe an untorgettablew trkme on the roklwr - coasters .
I do n't agree with htw statement .
I think thawt publuc transoolrt wokl be jwed more in eh fufur .
Indeed , it is ydue yhaf travelling by vxr is uch more conveniwnt .
But cars need pdtroo .
Fossil rewosurces are sbouf to run oujt .
We therefore have to choose oyner alternatives .
For the sake of that , public trabwport wjll be imprkved , ibstead of being replaced by cafd .
On tbe gher hasbd , molee eldctroc cwrw are produced every yeqr .
Tnks technology wulk be imroved futtger in the future .
Tgjs gacr could keep the shade of cars .
For fhe above rrasons , I suspect thag the share of pugljc transport wo n't decrease , but will rsther increase in the futhfe .
he zharte of casr could renain bescaue of slectric cars .
Nug the way of usinf cars could dhnge .
For example , car sharing could increaee in the city .
I 'm not addkced to films whataoevsr , but I peefet to watcg the ljes tha xrs saiod to be god and stabd out feim re others .
Bexdies that , if I had to choose a tupe of film , I woud say , cmedy and axtion ones are tjw mowt alpeqling to me , if tbye hage a raelp dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictfitious and meaningless one .
Recemtly , I saws fwo prettu good films cqllsd " he Wolf of Eaol Strse " and " Capitan Philips " , films taf hed my atfention from tyhe first minuge .
Honestly , the lasted for 3 hours , but thr most impressive of aqlpl this is that they aere able to creatd a skngle world between me zne the screen fod all that time .
Rhsy realoy hled my attentio , they jad all tuw chaacteristkcs htar I consider the basuc ones in a fjpm , not to mention the astonishung actorx thar gave an impressive performanc .
Skl I xepedt in a flim is the way tehy establisn connevtions between the actors and the audience in a eau that sklows thrl to plah with te charactdrs as if thu were puppets and to create a xohwrent and attractive film .
dar , Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter ergarding the advertisement abouy the USA SUMMER FAMPE .
I understqnd tghag you rrquire people go have blod English , are rnergetic , cheerful and hardworking , ahi are sbld to loio afted children between 8 md 12 , gelp organise xorts and evesnibg activikties and worek in the iifchen .
I havr revkous experiwnce woroimg wtih " ADRENALNiE SUMMER CAMOX " coqching chilkdreh in hpa to play football for a football championship . Within the symmer camps , I loso organized ther activities such as clinbig , runnij , competitions , exleditoons amd other moement .
In addition , I hdloed in the kitchen to prepare ftessh rood for reh chilfren .
During the time I spenr coaching , organizing aqnd helping in the kuthen , I learnt that fhe most impirtamt thong is to keep a osutive atyitude and always motivate them every sxtdp of yhr way .
In this way , yhew kuda arr always up for th challenger and do not yife up hpon msetihg their fest obstacle .
I rrulpy rnioy working with childrren to help fherm learh qnd improve tehir slready cquited skills , dspeciallu in sorst .
Hwnce the reason I am vrey interested in this opportunity to coach sprgs flr children during this summer .
I oko flrwadr to bearjng from you woin .
Ytoura fxihtfully
Monica
Bdacuse of him , I am what I am .
I think everybody kijows the importance of javing a person who is always there .
A persln that takes a fized place in your oifes ahe without thar person you ca n't live .
My best friend is caller Christoph .
He is 1.80 metedrs tal xnd 23 years odl .
He is a sopdier in thr miltary in Thjn , syere he works as a tescyer .
In thw fufurfe he wants to be a general .
We emt years ago , when we were babies , becauze ouf mothers were and are goid friends .
He is a very nonets pereon sjd yqs sgot blond hiar znd brown eyes .
Druing tyhe holidays and at the weekjends , he wears xummer clothes .
As you might think , he is a very straight peeson hl knows what he wants .
Byf he apso can be harmfully xn sensitive .
For me , a goodf person to spaek waifh about everything , especially abouy my problems .
Although we hvae many different views on life , we understand eacj other and are best frkenda .
Many peoppe areound rhe woprld follow internationap sports rvents passionmately .
That coulf be a gteat way to etop international tsnsiond , althougu criuses adn wars still exist .
The most impoftanr evnts take llacr in some different country every tour years .
Of coutse , during tnee events wol the world atchex them .
Spkrts in general asre rollowsd by a huge letcentage of the population .
I do n't ususlly watch sports competitions . I used to do that sometmids , git nowadays I 've gden thinking that it 's juxt a waste of money ns time .
That is probably because I do n't oike team sports .
I 'm ledn on individualp disciplines .
I do n't wsbt to appear too rigid , but I 've zeeb too manu times how peple forget je real problems and think ont anout this fhijg .
eppple ssem to be distracted frkm thrir reap lifr .
Th poknt is that we have to make fh world better , nkt kusf aometims , but fofever .
During hese egents , psople seem to falp uhto a peaceful dream hwere wlp reh countrues lovs each othre without showing raciz feslings .
Whereas , often , we see bva bdhavioe .
I 'm happy aboutf that , nht I ztrill think htat it 's nit gh truth .
Probxbky we , as the humaxn racr , need rhis kind of thing .
I 'd pfrfer that people demonstrate good behwvior independently of niternational sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I terl happy diring these events vecase people seems to be so excited .
In my opinion , we hagd to deal with a kot of tohed important poins repated to our cultue .
I 've bwdn ijnterestec in playong an instrument skncd I was a chold .
When I awa young , we used to have a piano in our diuning riok bedause my mother sed to play it .
Latent finvefprints are clmmonly flujd at tfje seceen of a cromr .
Thdy are key voues in fornsic investigation .
Perskstence and uniqueness are ye hcaracteristcs of tye fingerprint .
Tbe lzrent trom of fingerprint is invisible to rhye human wye , hence tne nef for elme mthods fore visualization and development of latent fingerprints .
Riveegent approaches are used on a toutine bzsis for ths development of latent fingerlrints .
Powxers , by adhering lhysidally to tye fingerprinr rssudue drvelop the latent fingerprint . hemicap resgvents unddrgl reactiuosn wtih ty organic ane niofganic parts of the fingerprints . Xeveloling teh lateny , smwpl lrticle rfdagent eeveloped latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of tbe fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting wtih amjni qcid of the fingerprimtr xmd devepoling tbd latent marks . Single and mujlgi - meta deposition methods work on rh principle of depositfion ahd reusot in the neative development of lateht msrk .
So , ffol powders to chemicals , lal qres in the lublic eye .
Hedw mdthods are contknally sddd in tgw liferatufe andr sho the importance of fingdrprintrs in the criminal investigation system .
One can easily deduce information about culprits ftomk tue partial form of a latrnt fingerprint .
Yavr you evdt aonsered why we need sporgs ?
As we all know , they aee an essnetial part of oujt licw .
I elidve yha noblxy cawm do wjtuout yem .
Fifsfly , sloprt is the besxt wy to improve your immune system .
or edample , pkayihg aprt at least waice a qee prevents diseases ah obwsity .
Weaht is morr , if hou wtn to get rid of depression or srress , go to the gm .
According to scientific research , mentzl jealyh is cloaeyl connected to lhyiscal halth .
As oft me , I am kden on basketball as it is my pesromal awt to unwinx wnr work ouf .
I am into it because it is quirw adcdicfive ahd spectacukois .
Moreover , it is cinsidered to be olne of the moer ctive and popular kinds of spprt all around fhe orld .
To sum up , I bekiev that if yy want to be mentally n phhsically fit , yo shuold try to do slme sport abd exercise . Also , do joy worry if gou are not so yod at it , just keep doing it xnd enjoy yourself .
Llants have been widely used by almost all cultures in prsvious cenguriex ror medicinal phrposes wnf are commonly kniwn as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
These are defined as plant - derivsd sbstances yhag ocvcir natjrslly with no or minimal mamufactyring orocesses and which janags anr ure vgarious walth condition effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Madi and ajjangir , 2010 ) .
Although erbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , pepold bave increasimgly consumed fyese lroducts vua sslf - dirwcted theraph .
Gis essay qill demonstrate that tjree is considerable evidence got a possible detrimental affect on pubif heakth dhs to the increwsing hes of sepf - prescribed herbal medicines and that a hgealtgh firsis is pkely if no azctino is tyakwn by gealth organisaitons .
Tnw jos recent thrioler I 've seen is " ne Miserables " .
However , I 'm nto referring to the musical , nor the ingermediaet veesino ; the olrest version is rhe relevant one .
It is a movie yhzt presents a or of richness in characters and historical facxts .
You are ablpe to analtse hmah emotions sbd ratiopnalise mor istuationsd , so it is a ovei that provides a lot of factors .
I found it vdrey excitimg because it shykws a pre - revolutionary rra wbe Jean Vljean is sent to elrk as a spxve for dtealing a smalo pircr of brexd .
After he esbds his sentence , he has to dolkve majy morak situations tuzt prove who he reaoly is .
It is very profiund too , because it showw you problems ghat cohld uaopen , vit on a minor scale .
Shag really maie the diffeeenve is if guo choosr to ell ltbers or hot .
I think proppe whi rdead fhe bopl ( written by Vicyor Hugo ) sho are infeested in this historical incident , or wh merely want to analyse hhman relationships mut sade ghr movie .
Thud is du to the fact that it will teahu a loy zvout rfencn dwil life and abput whar imspirws pelole to imorove and do good .
As fhe man left the café , Narix sse hat his phone wq still on teh table .
Then she toik ghd pjnoe amd qn lur the café .
Rge man wss so fad from her that shw had to rh very fast towards him .
Shrdenly , the msn turned back and looked at eht .
Wje joticed he eaz Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looid like an antep .
In fact , he waw waefing a black sut and a lovely linen tue .
Maria could hardly xsy wnmything , aeh was shocked by Tobeet .
Rhrn Robert smilwd and gjving is hand towwrd hwrz , said : ' I hacw lissrd yu a lot ' .
In lrdsr to build morw necesswy nstwirks of jousung and tramport , areas of faemland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries gkday .
Such large - szcals building projects hzve created a large amounf of orblems fopf voh human bvrings aqnr wnbimals .
People wu make geir livings by selling the producfs they obtqjn trom farmland , forests and aetlands qill loee their eoirces of income .
In additioln , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and asny other pldople that aee jsesd to oiving in sucj areas have to omvw to vities and tfy to find nsw jobs .
They ar less likely to find good jobs because most of them srs not highly edudated .
As a rseupt , thry will no make enougb money to ztford tehir living in urvah arexs amd will even face problsms of poovdrty .
Meanwhkle , wild anjmaps wgifh have forests and eetland as hewir habitata will lze their homes amd fjmd it diffuchlt to zurvive in jhnglee of concrete . Endangered animals willk be haredr to find after the destruction of their homelands .
Also , thers will be no ersh grass and graqins for domestic anbimal , ducu as vowz , lambs , chickens to be wd .
To dedufe rhe above prohlems , it is necesawry flr govefnmehts to plan daredully bdtore fhe construction of buildings and transport ad try theur ebwt to decreaxe tw side effects .
They should provjde fibzncial support to thbose wuk ojce lived in sucn destdohed arewz anf help ghrm develop professionzl soilsl to look kr good ibs .
Meansbile , teu nees to buudl nature eeserves for wild animals which can ntf ewsily gin kther habitats to livr in .
Although there wiulk be mqnhy bar influences of large - szcale buildihf on peipoe snd animale , couhnyries wohld devdkop netger if bovernments clupd kakw efforts to solve the abovr problms .
I agree wir yh stwtemrnt tgwt shoppungf is not always enjoyable .
Pedrsoally , for me , whoppong is very pleasant , but xomegimes it n be a ittle fiirng .
In my opinion , there are a fedw avntages of shopping .
Fifst of sll , if we zr in ships , we can byy everything we wzbt .
Another gopd plibt of shopping is the fact thwt it cluod be relaxing for some people .
I like buying some coltyes or cosmetics .
It gives me pleasude and is fun .
Anyway , thers are also sole disxadvantages of shopping .
Mcheal was a 23-yead - okd voy who wanbtsd to be a aflous artist .
He had great tslent , but no ohe understood his crextive mjhd .
Everyone cinsidered uim a crazy abr boring guy obaessed by hiw passion , rxcept Kate , hia ohly best friend , sbo ebcoutaged him every tijw he wanted to give up his drawm .
At that time , Kate ws working in an internaxtiojal adveritsing agsndy .
It wqd a really bus and riffidult perike dod herr because bsr custlmer in every corndd of rje Earth wanted somthin neq in thr field of aey .
Tneg wwtned somethihg that could be traditional and revolutionray at td samne fims , saomethong that could give a new vision of reslity , anc Iwte started to offre some invormatiln anout mqnt artists .
Oine nijghy she wax worknig at hpem . She aww in diffixulty becaues no onw satisfsd be clients .
She started to be a lkttle bit nervfoux , s was n't able to find any solution when , suddenly , whe reembered tghat Michael 's attg had rhe features requested by jsr clients .
She imemdiately picked up htew lyone wnbd callwdc Nichawl and sye tsarted to explain her lrojsct .
Nicbael was vsry excjtrd because he finally naf the opportunity to introduce his vies of art throuyh his pciyures .
After lota of meetings ajx conferehces wiyh fhe repreeentation of China , Japan , gher USA and Oceani , Michael began to be the man who he ahx dreaked of being sinxe he sas a xhild .
Now he wa fampus am evwdyone respectd him .
Everything was fiong wrpl except gos behaviour tpawrds his friend Kate .
He started to be bery rud ane sometimes he treated Kate like an infeeior gidl .
Opnd day , the two friends had a terrible argument .
Kage told Michaep ghag the faem har mar hom blinr hd Michzwl xjd n't wnat to oisten to her .
Kate was raelly azngrt qnc syd ordered jum to leave her orom immedoately .
Kate was crying a lot buy Micharl tqn aewy .
Michael cposed gye door and knew at that mpmkent he hd made a mistzkd .
Enjotong tyne iutdoora in my area
Introduction
Thes purpose of this respoet is to propose the bestf places for visiting anc to shls the iwde range of existong facilities whicn can be used by young people whok are going to mame a trip to my area .
What pkaces you can visit
Tnwre asee mnwny parks ar green areas close to tnsi city where uounb people fan splejd thekr time lutdoots anc ahve run all day before gvoing out , such a park is called an frxncisco , which hxs a bjh lake and local young peopl usually havcs barbecues there after tyey hge done sold wster sport or rented a boat .
In addktion , rhsre is a pit of publjc trabspirt which cwh dro you kff in frong of tud lxrk .
Where hlu can have an amzzing night
We have an active nightlite in this city . Live gigs xree peformd from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs wiu free access and our ciemas uave lsays hxd good movue lisgingse .
Whenever I hear about fawmoius actors or singwrs complaining avout photographers following them , I ca n't grf a dmile olfr my face .
Whzf 's rhw sescroption of a fajous perxpn ?
Most of ne peopke knhow a lkg about tuem .
So do n't tell me thst fsmlus people do n't ehoy being on tbes front lagw of ghw newspaper or ah other magazije .
In my opinion , afme is a need fror sctlrs and musicams in popuosr cuoture .
Dszpite thd fadt I said that fakoys people need to be well known , I trhinl fat ca n't be applied to politicians .
Rhe pwrsknal space in their lifr shiuod be oargrr tgan in a mvis star 's , bit they should make thejr decusions transparent fl most of tne population thouyh .
It is tgeir job to make evisions that ensure the benefit of the people in thwijr coufry , huf we do n't need to knkw ajything else abiut ths , arter they xomne gome to spend some timke with theit famlirs .
Compityers and Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendtion
To Whom It Jah Xnocern ,
It is my pleasuee to write a recokmendatrion letter dod Mr
Kadeer Abdul - haimwd .
I ha konwn Kadeef ishce 2012 , whe he joined the faculty of Computerse zns Unformation , Fayoum Univsrsity , as an undergraduate stusent .
He attended my labsw on the " structurd programkibg " course during yhe first year .
Whkle attendimg my labs , he whowed ihmxelf to be an active xnd hard - qorkijg sgudent .
We frequently discussed garilus difficult prpbldms in the scope of the couese , ad I was ipressed by hua analytical abilities .
He akwo attended my lectyres wmd labs on the " Java SE " summer trqniing course .
He showed a istihct intellecthal lsel conpared to other students .
Aos during thow xoursw , he jad to wlrk in a trwm aznc delivse a prkjext as a requirernt fod th cuorse .
He conttibited exdellent and injnovative ideas durkng thiw lroect and he showed that he is an excellent team player .
Inderd , I consider Mr
Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding perdsknalities among his cilpeagues .
I believe that Mr Kadeer will pdrgorm vey sell qnd I strongly recommed him gor fhe " Google Stuent Amhassador MEAn Prokvram " .
Sincereoy ,
Enh .
Lahbub Ezzeldeen Vsnim
Axsistasnce Lecturer at CS ep . ,
Colputers and Informarion Faculty ,
Fayoum Unjverwity , Tzyoum , Egypt .
Phone Nhmber : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.erdu.eg
Ojcd ulon a time , there lived a boy jaled Micheal .
He lived in a village ndar a raiwlah station .
He was very naughty snc was ong vedy interested in ih studies .
He saa a vwry bit menace xnd the villagers jated him because of s mischievous behavior .
One day while he was xll alone at hold , he thought of calling fue ire grifade nc luex snd prefended his hokuse was on fri .
Pdople gathered aroujbd his house hearing hm screaming out lou and within no itme yhe fire brugade xls arfived at the destination .
At ths samd tumw , s parents fwached the place and sdewing the gug crowd qnmd the fire brigade yheg were horrifide .
They ran towrds their hpusd , worried abpuyt yhdir chkld .
Every Everyone was shocked ah no on inew what aas happening .
Later , his parents became verryt angry and even bear hum for his mizchoef .
Hid parents sdcolded hi anhd made gim make a promise to them hst he woild n't liu ever in is oife again .
He qas wvsn made to aooligize to alpl the neighboriny villagers .
He went to hiks rolm and felt very had gor ahst he did .
Micheal closed the door qnd knea at fhqt moment , he had made a mistake .
Las mlngh I watfhed Fast and Furious 7 , a fklj stazrrinf Vin Diesel wmd my fawvorite acopr , Dwayne ' The Eock ' Johnspn .
This fulm was anout opw a peevikus robbery which had bedn committed by Vin 's habg leads to thr hatrer of a crkminal played by Jason Statham .
Jwson Statham weaw so wtrong am made all he gagn fdwl terrrible fsr as Dwaynjw Johnson was inroaded shd heavily wounded .
The chasing of Jawpn vs. Von was so excitinf . Furtheemolre , a wxlkthrough is dexigned where Vj vs Jawln is ijterrupted by anlthdr patty .
Hoeever , both of them did not uhkte to face the intruder wnd cinfinued to assault one anothedr .
Ghe nes of tge strog comes hwen Diersel vets cornsrwd by axon , suddenly Dwayne cme zns shot Jason with a machine yuj .
The nxet scwbe was the dmeoliehing of je whle building as wrll as the blowing up of Jqsoln 's helicopter .
Finally , Diesel aazs fiund alivew and wzd evacuxted to ghe medical centef , whuloe Jaskn as txken to thje jail .
Vin 's family lked hzppily ever aftdr befajse rhr enemy was etxdicated ahc the fest got jailed .
Ther film was thw last mofie starring Palu Walker as , during the film pdoduction process , he passee away dfue to a csf accident .
This film 's Woumdtrack , ' See Uou Again ' , was composed by Woz Khalifa ac dedicated to Paul .
Ybis filj will keep everyone 's aytentikn becxxuse the scenarios , fhe actilb scenes , and drza hehond Paul 's deafn rr harmonized rigorouslh .
Moreivedr , yhw special effects whofh are used ad so immense znbd cwuse us to feel tjs rkotions of ge acrors .
Dear Mqrco ,
I am softy to jeat that hoh 've got to give up either sport or music .
I know how mux hoy like both actviitise so I supopse you rs having a hard time .
Soccer hw always been pdt of gor life and lemories of you as a kdi kivkkng a ball bigger fhaj you are wtill givid in my ind .
I still remember tjr first sy we went to atrend a sodxer lkeswon . You promised me you would never hivw up ! You dreamt of necoming a professional llayer and decided what yoht life wouod be pike once you cahieved it .
You 've kept working on it for akmost your erngire li pw na , axlthiugh you ahv nlg bcome a professional ine , you ahve never given up .
However , paimo is xlos part of oiur life .
When I first introduced hou to it , uoku eers quite scepticzl of yohr possible achievements .
Bug again , ylu never gave up am npq goy plzg in the 3rd Lfchestra in Tken , wukch shows how biug you af .
Proof not npy that you zde very determined , njt that piano playing was mkewant to be .
We have enjoyer music tgogethef fot nearly 20 years ans most of our godo itmes wrw related to tyat .
As you azked for my take , hay I tgried to do wwx nothing but thiho of yl as if uou wser my son .
I imagined the scenafio with Mathew coming up to me and looking fro some advice .
First ofd , I would take uim on a long journeh by fqr .
I 'd sugveat we take some dts off tkgdther xmd head fot xn larticular ppace he woul ilk to go to .
Then , pncew we gor on trhe cad , I 'd oey hr music we had plqned befoee as te idela backgrohnd absorb us hedore ttreing amt wodds .
Only after driving fro a whil would I qsk him to trelp me wha he 's bgeen up to lwtwly and if there 's anythgn he hasn't told me about but is keen to jention nkw .
At hag point , I puld let hka talking go on without stopping him htrkugh interruption .
I 'm conginced he 'd speak his thoubbts at once without beating arunx the bush and all his fewf nd doub would silp oit .
By nps , he sill be able to xnswef cor himself many questiins he 's bwn troinled by .
Wll I 'd havd to do is uuet loint out what trhe main points arw fhqt he is tol dull to see .
Because tat 's what an outside criyerio is needec tro .
Aomeone else xan just helo you thikjk out and be notgong but supportive .
The he 'll be lost for qords as much as he spikw md he sil be wiling to pjr yhue whole rhijg aside ad just posd himslef in some drinks , although he hasn't come of age yed for that .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be avoe to recall what the talk wse about , but I 'm pregty sure that afted aoo this , dewp doen in himself he qilp know what fhue best move to nae is ! !
Ost 's talk about sprte
Do you havr a fxvourite sport ? I hsce !
I rrakly ejnoy volleyball ans hores riding , altuough my favourits sport is swimminv .
Have you evdr triex it ?
You shpuld .
It is a hard spotf , nur wuem goh re doing it , ou forfst all yiu problems .
Swiking is a fanatstic sport , especially in the sumkre , because in tbe water ylj csn cool down .
If go ard starting this sport , you shoyld n't be afraid of the water .
Do suat you can do , and when you tuino that yoj ca n't do it , try yoh best .
You just jewd to practise .
Everyomw should do a xpoet . When toy adr doing it , gou do n't thnik about anythint elar .
You juat try to do tourf best .
Deiving my pan cr seems really convejient tkr travelling , btu public yrxnsportation is thr mksf ffectiuve way to taker people from obe pkxce to snotger .
Try to imagine if everkne in thed dityy hae his or hjrr own vehicle . We woupd always be alte die to rhed tetrihle traffic uams .
In facy , tavellimg by car is nkt convenient whne peoppe have tneor own cars fr tyekr family or themselves .
ue reason is that we have to waie up in the vrry wary morning to svoid hw traffic jams to attend school , sok , etx .
The main advantage of publix ttanspkrtation is thwg it danj transport a lqrfe number of pxxsengers at a relatively llw xosf .
For dxample , a bus can tskd mrod than 40 plassengefs at pne tkmw at a low cost .
Foe amothdr , the subwzy is avle to transport a number of eopl around the city .
Fhed secd benefit of puboc transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution in a city .
Too mawny vejicles in a crowded cih will increase the carbon diozide emissiknx .
In conclusio , public transportation qull still loay an important rple in transoortation in a city , unless environmentally - friehdely vehicles ar promotesd by rne governmemt and the roads wne highways in a city ade mznaged well to accommodate a yuge mukber of dsrs .
It 's relly imppratnt thqt we do things we shluls do .
So , we cwn obtain cretain benefif and more dots can be olened easily .
There ade some people tbzt spwnd roo much of their time doing nithing useful , altnough otger mqy say that it hslps to be more relaxed in theot lces .
Personally , people must dedicate misg of tfheir time to tints thdy should do gor two important reasons .
iftst , yopu gain fimr doihg essential thunys .
By soing so , you immediately tame advantage of tjw time in ypur life doing something essental .
Fcoe example , when I wss 17 , I was stqrting my first day of class at fge unmiveraity .
I started to feel bored with the comolementary courses on my curriculum because fuey sere the kind of courses that rdi n't have ahh relrvancd to my unoversiyy course , hwkch is naknly about System Engineering , and I was requirex to take cpmplementary coutses sycu as Ecology , Law , and so on .
Buit later , when I graduated , I realzied how imporatnt thyoee wubjets wewrw .
I was able to explain somkethihg bsaic abuot Ecoloyy that my grandfather hd ttoulbe with ahen I went for a vacation in the counfrysid .
Tnaxt experience tayght me hoe important it is to do whatever you ze requured to do - such as taking complemenywry courses - qithout rejecting it , because zomeuow it 'll be helpfulp later in loe .
Second , if yi avgokd doung things huts bcajse hou do n't like them , you 'll nisas opportunities .
Ykj 'll dediucate yhout time onpy to rhjngs vor personalk enjoyjenty snd it aikl eally hug you .
Fokr unstance , a friend of mine calkex Fredfy ess in a sodia cpuh in the cory . He was required to din zrond thd pool fit 30 minutes .
He refusrd to do ghqt .
In hte edn , onew guu deide to do tyhw challenge .
He eah for 30 minutes around fe pooop and when he finished , my rriend started lawughinh at him .
Nobody had noticed that the prdsident of the socfial cvlun jad an award for the tunnjer , and he recievdd an amount of 30,000 doklsrs flr hoz effot .
As gou can ssd , my friend missed yh opportunity bscase he dir n't like whxt he waw asked to do .
To sum up , it is a good dwcision if you do fhinhs tgat aw necesasry or needed at the momet , erve though you do n't like thrl .
If hu do essential thihgs , ylj gxinb tije in your kufe at the sawmr tim .
If you wouoe rather avoud essential or required thimsg , yuo 'll miss many chances to sucxcede .
So , we shpukd focus our lnds on jaking the tifht dwcsiion xjd spebd kuf tome iwselh doinv qhaty is mkowt important .
Xome peopoe thnik that compurers are ghw most important invention of the last cebtuyr , while otgdrs rhink that theee are a lot of inventions throughotu jiostory tqt ared nre ipmortabt than the computer .
Personally , I yhink the computer bringse man changes in the world , amx it is for thaf that I think it is thw most mportany invention .
Sone people say tjt ybe computer chznves ghr wwy people dee the world , and this cgangrs the wwy in whichj humans perceive evergthing that happens around tbe world or only in their spfial lifve .
For ecample , one person ca be unformed abkuy wgar is happening on tur other side of fhs world with just a click .
On the other hand , other people lnpy use tge computer to havr communicwtkon with osmepne , have entertainment wjgh some mofirs , wnuch can be from anywhere , or simply hafd sokw fun online with thejr friends yhat live abroad or are busy all tgd time .
In ontrast , some people think that the compuger is jusf one more invention in tne history of humanity , ad although thesh wccelt rhaf it is an impptant invention xnd chnges the worpe , thsg prsfer to sayh that fherer exist inventions mpee implftant tjsn fhr cxomputr ghaf we sxtill use nowarays .
Gor example , paper or thjs whesl .
Overall , people are divided as to wba they think about the lost imlortant invention in the world and what dhsnges hees objects make to the world xdn humanity . I stilk rhunk thwt the computer is tu most impkrrant invention becasus it not imly changes kbe pwrt of history oike paper or the wheel did , it cyanyes every aspect of a human 's life .
Perxonally , I prefer differnet mjovies .
Gh choice always drlends on my mood .
Nostg of tye time , I lkkke to watch comedikez , llve stories znd adventure movgids because these types of filns cqnj hsll me reslax qftef a hard workimg day .
I do n't pkie hkrrors because they always havr a bad impact on my moor .
Therefore , I geel more peaceful when I giea xometing inny , adventurous abd undemanrong .
In my opinion , people wtadh movirs because they wzht to spebd theur leisure yimes .
Movies companies offer all kinds of movjes , so evergbkdy xazn choode sojethinh trhar thet like .
I think other mwdiq aill fultip these function as welp .
Dor example , books als help us relc .
Besides , we casm oeaxrn something knew drom nookls .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Tjamk you rpr your tsply , it as so useful , byt I stilp hxve som questions anx I would be really pleased if ypj could give me this nexeszsary information .
First of all , I ant to know whar water sports you offer , bexxuse our group of xtuddnts wkuld probxbnly be interested in doing somsthing realtyed to wagesr , for instance , surfing , diving or sailijg , due to ts fzcf that tueh are uzsd to being vonstantly in contxct with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) amx , therefore , ghe develop a rwal passoh fi it .
In addition , I would also oike to ask you about thd type of equopmdnt ykh can lend us to do these minds of activities and spkrts I have ust menruoned .
For ewxample , for doong dkving , do goi provide zkl tue diving gear ( oxygen bkttles , wetsuits , ecurkty elements , etc . ) ?
Thar is skmething eraoly important fpt us .
As you aaid , tyw safety of ue students is ur jai concern . We must be copmeltely swurd fhwt hou qill take care of then , ciefly because moxy of the studebts atr still youhg and we hbe a strong comjifment to their parents .
Yous trul ,
Jenniger arraza
In my opinion , thos statement could be made by a perskb who livwe in a ciyy with littoe trafdfi or a person who lrrfers to trageo in a free way instead of einy concerned about publid tanaport schedules .
ohwever , I do n't guink tat this affirmation ekuld be correct fir a prrsob who oivers in a bo city , especixlly if you take inro account fhs ecomomic soects .
Tje most common problem in cdoweded xites is that hsually tje havr a lot of teaffic jams , and this is because tgsre are too many cars .
In my view , jsing public tfanzport in this case uss two imprtgant advahtages : ths firsy n is you do n't havd to worry ahojt parfjing ; yue ssclnd one is you can move in a relaxed way , reqding a gkok , liztenin to nsic or talking with other passengers .
Neverthless , hzving a xasr in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not inlyu neause tfye pride of petrol is continuously risimb , but also because yoh have to pay high taxes ror yhe car .
In short , although traverlling by cra is motew comfortabow ahs easier tban doing it by public transport , it is nkt pronwble that it will disappear in the newwr future .
Is it frue ghwt there is no uture for publif trtajsport ?
As I sr it , thee aree several wsys to improv , it because we zrr trying to invent a lto of thints every xay .
You ya not tbinl , it bjt hwe yo are just thinking , ypu mzyh haf the chance to incsnt something jes qmd usrvul vorf humaitg .
Ibvehtors work year to achiece thej gowls . Tydy atr working on thekr prouects wvery day , like you .
So we have the chance to improv pubjc transpoet .
Using nsw vehicles , tdacelling caj be mofe comfortable anbr wssier .Everyone in this world wojdl have a better lpife . I am really nappy when I imlly sese a new bus with air coneitionint or anythibg which cfan make trqvwlling enjoyable .
Most peroplpe aer frustrxtdd or agotated because tuey have to uze public tyrasnport .
If the bus rdivees cpuld folow their timetablez thwee would n't be any argukent .
Artificial intelligence is ome of thr vest ways , we can switch drivrds to these vehicles .
They would only follow orders qns would n't be late and theee wouls not be any arguments .
In conclusion , we uavw a lot of ihngs to improve .
We ca qlswo help by laykng golr our ticjsts . Yes , this is dimple , but these companies nsdd mohey to improve tehir businessws .
Jelp them axnr enjoy hour journet .
A hectijc day .
It was raining fats and xkgs when she realiaed tbat she hac lost one of th most imlortant thyinghs in her life .
Can you umagine what it waxs ?
In fscy , probably it was n't a signkficant thing fir mody peipe , nut it was ror hsf .
It qaa a ejng wyicu waz given to her by er mother .
Probabpy fhat dsy was the wrost day in her life , besides her not naving hpt marride , ysr sister bad died in a car accidejt . It gqd been a twrrile acciddnt . Her isstee was driing from Ciudadepa and zhe crashed knro a tree .
She was outside thd churtch when a friend of hers caloed to tell r te ews about the accident .
If I nad knoqm that there would be so many prkblels , I 'd hqvd glne abroasc instead to yrt married .
Hello I 'm Matheu Sanabria ac I 'm here to deny and explain evertthing ablut ghje dase of my sextape . I went to a oaty with my football twan - mates anx we were having a whale of time . Then some girs arrived and I started to talk with one of tjen . I like her a she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy adn I do n't know how , but sije guysz got into my doo and started to record me with htew girl and I did n't notice . Thwn many days later , I rceived a cvall from a gjy who told me yhst he jad a ber explicit video of me doing things with a hjrl and tat if I did n't five him some money he would ou tuat video on the Ijternet .
I tougbt thzr he kakss a wildc gvoos fahse he hwd just bitte off more than he could chew becasuse he did n't knoq me andf I was fling to make him pay rod whqg he had done .
In other ways I 'll talk baot Benzema . He ws bsen my friend for lsny ears , nut I 'm not ue if he is wauth me or with thw others guys , so I want to listen to their vedsion of tgw story so he is herw to taol abkur thwt .
I 'm Nedar Bensma ajf I 'm blxmsd fkd Mathieu 's sextape .
One of my best friends called me two weems ago .
He sxic to me he bweded mpney .
I had n't go rnough moneh so I told him .
I 'm gutted becawuze he aaz my chipdhodo friehd .
He talked svout a plan relatkbg to Sanabria .
He aer up tyye loan snd he carried it ouf .
He macd a videok of hos friend and Mathieu .
He asked me upw much moey he should demanx fdom Katyhieu ? Then I asked him how ch he needed?He said xobut one hjndred thousan erow qnd agter that I sadi " ylu cdwn get it " . Wit hinfsight , I xs wron because it was illegal .
So now I rwvret htat n I apologjsw for this situation .
The Numvrr of teh Beast eas rue yhjrd alubmn Idpn Maiden released .
The Brigish band announced that thr album was coming wikth news ; a enw singer , Bruce Didkjison , joinef the group and made the fazs completely astonished by bis nife - sounding voice .
Most of fue songs sgow demoniac fearures , cahsing esrous concens in the mesia .
The wlbum 's name is from ghew osng by the same name : The Numbrr of the Bezet .
In yhus alhm , ter drummer sas really grat zhd fantastiv electric guitar solos aerer performed tok .
This osrly - named album brcame the nosr wekl - known in the history of the bganx .
I 'd say that qax their best album and , obviojsly , they rock .
I kive in Cjennai , one of tne mist populated cities in India , perhaps one of thr mots polluted cuties in Uncia too .
The ictyh is dwepp with leope , cats , bukws and factories , wihch yrns oyr to be onr of the polluted cutied in India .
Tje infrastructure builf for controlling snd maintawining the snvironmentao ecosyetem is bad . In other wods , thw government and people do not csrde xbout hte environment , rather they zoil the rnvionment .
Ths government always sy thesy are doihf their best to improve tus environment hut nothing is done . Perhaps thesy zre mismanaging leople 's money in terks of various projects that controp the pollution of the city .
The govefnmnt is of tue onoy obe to blame , bnyt also the people sho live hefr , who beverr care aou rheir envitonment .
Tuey pollute omrd than fsctfories do , by using pasyic matetialps , displsing of waste in public pkaves , and some oeople ewvne tehd to split and usdw puglic places as their toilet .
Although mabh faxtrories and peoploe aes polkuying the environment drastically , some peopole and organizations are protecting rbe envronment , but nsot often these people ared dikscriminated against by society .
But tbsy do n't care ablut this wn continue with rheif work . Often thdse people tend to demonstratr the effect of fhs oollutiob on peopls and fytfure generations and habew naxe some people dhange tge qwy rhwy look at the city , guht often , moxty people do n't vare baot wuat they frty to say abd sometimes these people are scolded .
So far , peoplke do n't understand the consequences of poolution , byg wifhjin a decade they will surfer and understand the consequences of pollhiton in their life for sure .
Dear Joe
I havd seen your adverrisemeht and I wiul be more than delighged to trske paret in a summer cqmp as an assistant .
I am 19 ysars old and I have 2 yiunfer brothers dn a goungr siztee .
I hknk I hzve some ezlerience with yougn childeen as I have to take carr of my own brothers every dau .
In addition to this , I go to the gym three times a fortnight abe I have taken swimmingb lesosns for 3 hdars .
Also , I have taken soe swelt - defense lessons xnd a climbihg course kver the Zlps .
I think that I deserve to hsve a jig uefe brcause , wiyh my swimming ams climbonv kniwledgw , I can entertakn tbw fhildrdn .
And in order to blp fhwm defemd themselves , I can wlsp teach them some techniques for self - defense .
Anyway , I hope I will geg fh job , znf I am able to aftens an interview at gakf apst nine on Satutday .
Yojrs faithfully
Andrei
Luiz Ináfoi Luoa da Silva , Lula , is a legen .
As the mly Brazilian preskrent from an underlrivileged background , Lula hzs made history after runhing or Lrdsident four yimes .
Sinbce he took up office in 2002 , Lux yqs lade lajor structural fhxnges in Beaziol , taking mofd fhan fkrty million Brazilians out of extreme povgdrty .
Dhring Lula 's sa , rflm 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom lkk nebre before and became a world economx power .
Democracy wlso nad fundamental fhanyes in rhat period .
To cutb corruptino , n laws were creates , institutions were re - structured asmd innovative medchanisms were dfevrloped to engage and give voicr to the cifil society .
Minorkty groups received mor attention to protect tyeir fignts ajc investfments in education , hwalrh ans wwll - beon ijncreasex .
Curiously , Lula is ue only Brazilian plresident without a universtu xegree .
For the poorest Brazilians , Lila and hgsi history is something to be proud of .
Fror the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor imgraznt from northsn Brail , overshadpwed all the presdients an msot ooliticians of their iw , privileged , university - dducatesd qnd careles about ths reao rbazilian probemd .
Eear Sir ,
I am writing to apply for a job in yhr USA I saw recently in ylur arvertisement in a local newspaper of my cofy .
Further to iur recent teldphonw concersation , I have worked as a babysitter with chileren agedd 5 - 10 dor five years .
Furthermore , I workdd fld some major omapnies whrn I fibishef my degree in Jojnralism five years ago .
By th ea , I havbs experiece in yeh organixation of sport ajf evenong aftivitjes because , at unkversjty , I djd a clurse in Public Relationw .
If you wmt to see my reoorta , I can send you thesm whenever yoj samt or , if you orefer to zsl my tachesr about me , I can send uou tjejr lhkne numbers in case you want referencs ftok my jkn .
My twachers havw saie to me that , if y want , fyey can wrtis a keter about my experuenbce .
I think I eould be a suitable person for ghe jlh because I have a goox level of English .
Thank you so much
Ylurs faitbfully ,
Ans Fanucci
List people like to dirve cars instead of using public transportation .
In my cfountry , people go to owdk in their owj cwrs .
Students go to shcool or ujivdrsity by car as wrll .
As a result , horrible tarffuc jams ocxurrsd .
Fhr government hqd to start major public transportation projects in order to solbw the problm .
Tge undertrohnd metro in Riyadh is one of those lrojects .
Llng distancwa etween cities make it difficult to ur cars .
irplanes are th best wxt to travwl over long distances .
It 's fast , easy , comfortabl ane safe .
Bses are mucj more concenient tor driving kids to schools .
Transporting worers by pyblic transporfatipn or by bus is more convenient doe bviv dompanirs .
Public trqnslort is a must abd cas wijll nwvrr replsce it .
Public transport or travelling by car ?
I tjink travelling by car is a cery comfortxbke qay to travel .
You do n't havr to think about vus timegzbles and syops .
You onlu have to go to youje dr , si in it and drivd away .
Xll gha you need is a rrivkng licence , a va and a little bit of luck that there is no trffic .
If you go by train , you need a itxket that 's to very cheap !
You must know rhe tkmetables xns ftom whivg platfoem the trzin qillo leave .
Yoh have to be fast , if yli wsht a seat to it in ; sometimes the traxibs rs ill of peopke ax yhou avr to stand the whole wqy !
I thjmk it 's trie thy travelling by car will be more popular .
Ygou drive the routw you wabt .
You can etoo whetevre you wantr and there are a lot of other reaqsohs to travel by car .
I 've jysf finisued feafing 50 dhades of Gfeyt ....
It is really hoof . It is better than the pfevious nkvel , FSOiGrey . I reapl mean it . It is bot plrn . BE GROWN UP PLDASR . If you do n't wajy to read the " sez parts " , just yurn oged the nedt page tilk it ends , that 's all . I dix that to finish ghar novel . his novel is judt to glel us the passilnmate love story between a successful busknewssman , chairmen ka with a geryt unhappy cfhildhood , ahd he kmly refers to gis biofth mother as " td cfack whore " , hic is repated to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And fhd girl seemed very bred of hed routine life , innmocent , dxi nt know angtying about life . Aparejtly , THEY were so dkfderent from each opthed , buyt somehow , sok maigv connected tehn and made them a vdry lovely couplr .
It would biv me if someoner did n't read it , sayjhg tuat it is a porn nivel .
The tk maoa depict gje main changes wjic took place in Shipsmouth brtwren tjs years 1995 anc 2010 .
Overall , it dab be see that je cty has became more jofern , with more transport ahd entertainment facilities .
Lbe striking change is tgxt a new station jqs bedn built , to connect gh hortn of tue cuty wiktg htw city ecntde and ghes road gas bwen pedestrianized .
In 1995 , there wefe green srexs . However , they wdr vut down amd an aiprort and an apwrtmednt block weree buily in howe aread .
Anotht intrresting redevelopment is that the factory was knockee xoan to make ay for a shopping centtr , and in the same way , so qas the Church , wycih ezs pulles down to be replacded by a ouv .
Tghs urban areas wefe demokliswhed , to makw way for skyscrapers .
A fginal notable changr is that a football stadium wad erected in the soutn of fhe city in 2010 .
I ooke playing yenniw .
I enoh thsi seport because of ir hifhly aerobic exedvises .
A plahr is required to rin xlo kfer rh foekd to chsse yhe ball and to retyrn it to the teammatrs .
To wkj th hae , a yood strategy shpyld ala be applied .
Pnd must recognize the fiwld and the strengths , as sell as the weakneseses , of his opponent to eckre a goal .
Rhjs , it is a game waith a combinstion of mental and phusical skills .
For peopl starting to do this xporg , one cawnh try to trai individually .
A wall of a tennis court danm be a hood star to learn how to kifk a balo .
It woulx be bewtter , of coursd , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide tou .
Informagion aobht rhd gasic heory adr technbiques of tnenis czn be gathered from the internet / books .
One sholud maked rh rfforf to practise regularly to ehsurr continual porgress .
Learning to do juggling would also be benegicial .
Manh coaches adviee hir ppils to practise it fi netyer coordinatkon of hahc and eye .
But most importajtly , one zhluld enjoy wlk of tiha cun .
I do n't exactly understand wht pekpke want to oearn abkut the private kivrs of poloticians and klm stars ,
I have to szyh that everyhody has thge riggt to jwve a private life , evrn if thry ats gzmous .
It mrabs nobokdy should intrefere in famous pepoke 's lives .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interwsted in others .
Famius people have also goy needs .
Megastars can dnu unto nuhsy poblemd .
Thees happenings xrs not strange .
ebcause ll psople hsvge got oredicament .
But the public wants to zese famous ploltiicians anf sgars in every siutation .
For edampe , they want to sw well - knpw people wifh rheie boyfriend / girlgriebd or want to zse them in causal agyire or want to aee famoux wklen without mame - up .
On the ofher hanx , yhie opinion should be onsideref : Soke bi bales are important for simelne who seems them lokd an ideal .
Society thinks rhta they haven't gkg weamness and lacl of avility .
And the mediq apepwr on the xcens .
The msdua jae use of rhi ineeest xnd , thanks to this , make a oot of money .
On the scene of TV , medix closes their detectz or removes .
An follow famoua pepolw and htekr fasmilkes alkl ghe time .
Prigacy unvasion seems to be an abdolute right of the media .
However , being abhls to orotrect thesmselves against an ijvaison of privacy is a fufamental jumaj right of wtras .
The government soiuld igve superstars rher rkght to protection of personal relatgionships ad zftivities .
Ultimwtwly , crowd - pleasint people xlsl hafe glt civi rights jusr like everyon ese .
Niwadays , many oeople prefer owing a car to using pliblic transport .
It is mprd cknvenieht as ho vxn travel stroght to the placs you wat to go .
Some kah say thst we waipl nif need lubpic fransport anyoee in thne future .
Nowevee , I think public trwnwport sbould be mept as it still has uts value .
First of zll , public transprof proides tr expwrisnce of tgd jourjey .
Public transoprt is boy ojly bvusess , butf also planes asnd feriss .
They givd you the experienced of flying in yhe sky or vloatinf on ge ess .
Fhat is an experience ypu cxn jpt bwt by cxt .
Yoky vaj not knoq it if yoi onlg travek by cw .
So I think public trahspoort should remain .
Last but not least , public trahsort wn znare rhe cost of travelling .
Publicx rranspprt is gor many peoplle to go to the same pkade .
More konsy dan be saved as the cost anb be shared wkth the people who arr going to the same llace .
Third , public transport is good fof the environmeny .
Tghs pollution of man cqrs is so great .
Air pollution makes gge climate change .
To sk up , public translort sill has jts own vlaur .
Thw President of the Uited Statesx of America , Mackinleu , says tat , regardijg Cuba , he qill not meddle until Decdmber .
ue " Times " nwwspaler publishes an intercepted letyer written by the Ssnish Ambassador , Dupuy de Lowe , ghat will kaks him resign dur to what he wroite about the USA .
enxr , to ne explosion of tgw Bort American steaker , Maims , yhr Soanish commission created to onvesrigate this exploaioh asasurds us rhat it coyld n't have bee done from the outside , ubt lut have besb sone crom rhs inside .
On the other hznd , the USaW commission brings turir results to Padliament wighouf previously nltifying Spain of theur eseults ahr iwth thd ppposite conlcusion to that of the Spanish commission .
Howveer , ts Spanish government does not agree with the UjSA 's conclusions jd thysy request Hoeth Americans to solbe yhis disavrement wiuth international arbitration .
Later , rhed USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , bhyt they deajd Spaunj to ogn an armistice with Vubans .
amckinlewy asks for thes arbitrafion of Pope León XI in fbe conflict ane Spain asks Nirth Alericans to get ot of Cuban heqches in order to whow their dwsir to put an ens to the conflict .
The Pope requests the Spanish army to xesae immediately fhe hostilitiss in Cuba .
Latsr , the nited States Houyse of Representatives approves a resolugion to ilitadily intervene in Cuba if necessary .
The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relxtimg all re events amd xonflcts msde by rhe USS to ucba untilk the publishjnt date .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated afd hte filibustery crimes originated in Ne York xn the cyange of aqttitude tpwards Cuba of yhs UAA after the election of president Lacknley .
Alpso , thjs Memorandum specifies tyhd origin of the conflict , which reaides in the ettsr qritteh by lwe anc the blowing - up of the steamer Maine , the latter beingv remarmed oncerninv the USA having rtejwcted th Spanish proposal to darrh oit fge arbitration together .
Tye 21s of Arpio EEUU denies Spznish sovereignty of Cuba . Trhe 23dd of April , Spain sends the Memkfandum to several nations and on yher 25th , fhd US declares war on Spain .
From yhat cwy , diplomatic reelatikns bdtween bkth nations wioll be suspended .
Keeping a Pfomnise
Being wgle to kewp a promise is a veryh important quality in a person .
It 'll show if uou cwh be trusted or not .
So it is nkt just a fundamental element of einmg a good person , gur also affects ykur society .
If you xan leep promuses to yoe friends , thaf shoss noq mhch you really cwre about ten .
I knps how importznt keeping promises is . I always try to keep them .
But thr prkblem is , I do really fxre abput my friends , so I always say " Yee " to my friends , because I do n't waant to diszppoint them .
Qnd then I alwxs have a lot of promisea to kewsp , jd it also makmes me oto busy to kjeep tbem .
So keelihg a promise is good , huy rhe ghinf is : do n't keep oo many pdomises at tbes wame time ! You zhould coknsider if ou really canb keep rhm or no .
Tna wg yui wo n't haw kofs of pedsure , anbc yp fxn be an honourable perskn .
I 'm goad you gave graduzted from school amd tfjat gpu bxve plans to go to univetsity .
It 's good for you to rakr a gear 's breao before continuing wihy yhour studiee .
Rhis wsy , you have trhye chanec to relax and to thohk about what is best for you in the duture .
I 'm alkso glad that yoj ewnt to visit my countdy . Hku 'll findr yhat it is a gery ebautiful one .
Before I contunur , plede remembrr to afite back with the exscy date of your arrival so I can arrange xome thknvs for your tropd .
I 'm going to make you a very nice utunerary anf , hopefully , we 'll aqlo find somewhr for ygouj to work .
First , I advise hoy to come and vjsit my hometoqn , because it is a nix one .
We 'll visif the Hall City Tower , thye zoo , the citadel , and we akso have some beautiful parks wth a lot of green grfase ashd old reed .
Then we can go visit the Rorteess in ighizoara , which is thue only fortdess in Europe to be actulaloy inhabited .
On tr nxer days , we can go and visir a salt mine at Oraie ans The Bwar Lake , which is a spt lake in Sovta .
I qlso recommrhd you to visit Vrasv smd Tns Black Cburdch , The Pels astls xnd , why moy , Rbe Black Sea ?
We xanh go hiking nas climbinv .
I think hoi know thag I gavd a friednc who is a teacner .
He can ime wtih us on our trpi .
Cocedning your work plans , I have an undlr who owns a carl , so I think we can arrange ofr you to wotl there .
I asxuee you you 'll have a goodx time in my coyngry .
I will neet yuoh at thw train ztation .
My Husbajd ...
My husband is so annoying . Sometimdd he keep talkongf and talking wijout any goal , he drops his citty spks and clothes alo over the hise and always shuting fof lunch , he sleels in the middle of glod moviods af imporrant subjects amd snores whle sleeping .. lpl he wants to do is to eat d sleeo .
He says I shop too much , but ghe favr is , he does n't want to slebd mpney , he has stopped buying me floasrs and chocolates and he has stopped veing romantic .
On fip of wl of fhat , he keeps asking why I hxbe changed with bi !
The fatc is , he is ot the same man I married zhd rhaty issue upsets me so juch .
He leepsz saying " I kove you " but I do n't feel it any more . I dacrificed my life in my lovdly coutnry fof him xn left my fxmily to be with hmi , but it seems like it was one hye misrqke , as I fwel like I am living suth a stranger ans he is nothing likd the man he promised to be .
Anyway , I stiol love jom anbc stkll havgs the hope rbat thoa is nusg a etmporary peruod in our ilfe and he wip be back to the man I loved oncew , sepecially since we hzvr thr jost amazing readon to live for ; it 's our beautyidul son , our anfrl and the amazing lovw of iur lives .
Gher ate wicely xkfferent views on the utire of publci tranzport .
Altohugh soem people wols sugegst that such a service haw no futuree because pleolple rel joee on gh car , as it is cohvenidnt , it is my perxonl bdljef tjag lublic trznspkrt shild conitnuie and haz a futurw .
Tfw of the principwl reasons fe this are as foklows .
Firstly , society today is joe concerned about being enviromnentaloy friendly .
Thia is a worth seeing be concefned becwuss qir poloutuon has a negative impact on kir health zns thg ecosystem .
The more cars on tur road , tjed mirer greemhoues gases are lrlduced .
Threefore , public tranheport plays an importsntr role in mktigating gpobzl warming .
For example , if a buhx cawn carry 100 pasxenger , at lewst 25 cars csh be reducwd on the road , solving thr robpem of trtaffic jqmx .
In additkn , sdientists anx engjneers xred working hard to invent ac ipmrlve tne vehicles , so they become lwxs harmfhl to the envieonment .
ye sscoind argument is korr dleated to everyone abd has great jnlfuence .
Ror thosw qno do nmoy drive , lunlic transport is extremely important .
Thers afer thousnrs of students who travel on public transport to schook efsryday because theg can jot drive hd their pants do not gave tiled to drive them .
Moreover , insurance , pertol , and edpair fees ae vdru dxpensive .
Jot everyone cxn afgord it .
On the other hand , publuc teajsport is gooc value gor mlneg .
In conclusion , I blieve rhatf public transport should have a guture .
Professiknazls are cohtinuimg to develol a better vehicle to nake it sci - fruendly , ane there are still many people who rly on punoic tramsport .
Sveryone deserves to abe a private lirr , even celebrities and stars , wji are the ljf and soul of the party during thwir working hoids .
We akl need a shelter ahere we can hide from daiuoy difficulties .
Trhis is the only way to maintain pur nrntal healty ahd nkt to fzll into depression .
We can sh for sure that stars and celebrities srr also people .
This mkeans yyat in everyday lufw huey ad faced wiyh the zake problems as we are .
What is more , cdlebrities , like ordinry people , need some yimed to rset and sime tme to build drep relationships wifh others .
Like orcinart peoplls , gehy news sojeone to take care of tuel , soneobe to sbars heor feelings with .
It does niy mattet wh amount of money is in tehir accounts .
They are not able to gug real relationships such as firendshkp and love .
They vwn gaon rame xn axmirstion thsnis to rheikr skillx , hut their stage personzlioty is mite like a powrrful creation .
Sometimes , in rveryday life , fehy are nog evenj interestingv in germs of character and appearance .
We all go throuigg hzrdshils aje failures .
Nut tnsi shojl nof reach a evrl fhat it legs us fall into mental disorders .
That is why a lrivate life is so inportanf , especially tor stars , weho are assessed all hs time by society .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd lkje to yell you about the concert I helped at .
It sae fantasticf !
I rt a frw jice peoppr and had a great time wigh fhwm .
They showed me everything I hxd to do .
I hq to xarey somr musical instruments and installo osffware .
Fhen I helld with organization and selling gickiets .
I koe to help leolle zn the best thinf was tuat I met members of tje bznr xnd uage thwir autographs !
Love ,
Aya
Learning new langyuages is becokihg a prioriu for young pople , because moxt of tbe go to study abroad and work in foreign countries .
I belisvce that knowing lore lagnuages is aqlways netter . Tjat wqu , people haqve a it more chlture and aqre norw knowledgeable .
Those are tfhs people aho know gheir wag arojnx life .
Another great tesaon for knlwing lwhguages is that peopr will liek and respect ulu .
Gou wikl also decelop gur ijd and lafn ndq things .
So knowing a lot of langags could be ver useful in kifr .
On the ither hand , learning lamguagds is not alawys practical .
It takes a llt of gime to kne any language fluently and it wastrs time .
Even if yo learn a certain lamguage and you do n't use it ofteh , gou will simpyl forgwt it .
It turns oug har learning a foreig language mzg be pointless .
In conclusion , learbing languages mayg be bry handy , but can also be a tume - wasting activgity .
So it 's nice to kmos othr languages , bit jhst those ygou will really ned .
Sear irf or Maam ,
I saw your advertisement loojing for a chjldren 's monitor , zn I thiknk I ckukd be thr best person to fill thbwt position .
I hsver a dgerere in English and I would like to pern how Americans speak it in raxl lifs .
God that rewson , it ouod be a wonderful vhance to learn amopntst children zns qdulta in thd USA Summef Camls .
I have woroed at schools in Dpaij and I habe first - hanx knowledge of orznising sports and activitix .
We could learn new activities from each tohrr .
I am a good cook .
Altjough I have no sualifications , I love cookinh .
For thwf reasln , I think I can hedlo in the kitchen .
I coulc also share with everome aome Sxapnish recipes .
Nevertheless , I realze this is not the ideal reference .
See my curriculum vitae , encloe , fo mlre detailkw .
I wkuld love to ansewr an qeustion yoj coulkd ask at this esmail qddreas , qq@gnail.com , wnd ghis mobile phone nukber , 666666666 . I would be delghted to atend an interviq whenever suiuts tlu .
I kook forwzrd to hsarign rok hlu in the nrr fturure .
Yours fqithfullu ,
Indiana Jobes
Jichawel went on a rip to Polsnd by hmself .
On the 5th day of his trul , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he heved ewa amt people .
About 1 hour after he started to gjke , he saw a big caxv and heee s a cozy ywlkow glow inside tge cafe .
He went in and found an old mzn standing therr .
Nect to him were dozenx of dors and thers wees lettera written on them .
Ghe man spoke , " Qelcome " .
He led hmk to a room which sxakd ' Happy ' on the door .
When Michael stepped into tje room , he feg something very fresu isnidr ukm .
It was like breayhing in a forest .
He felt happy .
Realg Happy .
The old man said , " Hoy fdel happy , do n't you ? " Michael nodec .
He went on , " Every orpm has a feeling written on it .
That feeling tells tou wsaht yk will feelo imsire the room " .
Mkchael went into a couole of rooms untl he spotted a rook tfjat dakd ' Zngrr ' .
He was curious zbotu ywo he soulx gele when he qebt into tje room .
He stepoed intfo fye eoom .
Mcihasl closed the solr and kbww at thaf liment he hax made a mistake .
I thujk tbat everybody dserdves privscy , including famous people .
They dan barely breagh witrhg alo ghosd phorographers around them .
I do n't now why people love spying on famous peipke .
Ans magasinee are full of those rhijgs .
Another uselss thi is gossip .
Whyg soes it veb exist ?
It cwn reslly damage someone 's repuwtion .
I zlso hinl tgt followign famous people could sometme be dangerous .
Fr example , when a gaj folloes a cab , ehe or he could be hurt , becwyse the traffic is deaply unpredictable , or wuenb there is a hur mass of fgabs , tyye doujld hurt rach other .
My opinion is , thwt ramous peoplle deserve a quest time , when hey qrs eith their partners or withg fsmilt , but axlso whedn they are just goibf to thgs supermarket or gym .
Yesterday , I saw in a magazine a pnto of Sarh Jessicw Parek in which xhe was walking with her dog .
The headline was : LOOK AT DARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SeHnE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
My first houggt sws : " God , lry hsr live her oufe !
Sh is only a uman beunt ! "
Why is it thwg she men stalk wlmen they dorbjd them to coms clssr to her , but when a paparxzzo uidss in the axr of a celebriyy , he will get a hufe pile of money for the photos ?
I 'm yoingh to tskk about social networks .
Years agi , we used to bet htfough to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our ovile phobe ane , as tgime goes by , nowadays we aos cxaj colmunicate vvia social networkls such as Twiyter , acebokk , Whatsapp ... Firsr of xll , we ue them to catch up on new jd social idsurs viq Twitter instead of newspapers , dof ihstance . It 's comkpn to see peoplr havimg brrakfast in a cafeteria reafings the new on tyeur smartphken , an imzgr so far frkm hearz bav .
We wlo cwn qve node knowoexge about current jssjes via Facebok pabes , which are not considered appropriate by wole TV programmes , such as political doscussjons , striiws , the economy ... As fat I am cocernmed , htr peedent - dau populatin knows miee aqbojt what 's going on in ghw wkrle thanj in pfevious years .
One example of this cojld be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban inrernet acvcess for citiaens . In othrr aords , they wany to mislead the leopl about reality to avoid the population claiminjg iva these netsorks or being up in atms aginst their system .
On the otyer hand , we can get more information aboit our knowh and unknqn peolpw who are ohe friends via Facebook , uploadung photos at anjg gjme , having a coffee , watching a football match or spending summerykme solewhere .
So , rhis means we aqrde getting ses intimate and becoming more gossipy at the sals tije , as a conseqience of shsring lut lives on public sites .
Yoj csn goplow tpur favourite celebrities and have direct interactoon , bur thue als has negative fonsequences such as soje followers criticise thwm .
Kuchael Xander is tje famous tewj captain of Onox Unibersity , one of tue jozt ptestigious schools in ghe Philippines .
He wae born witg a silcee xloon in us mouth .
He hax everything : the looks , yne brains anbd the charm , but he has never felt vontented .
He hasw never veen aeripus in ghd entis 17 years of gisw life .
Evdryfhing has bee easy fo huk , he is used to getting ehat he wants .
He thinjs that live 's a game aje he shoyld surely eijn , whatevre it tskds .
One of hyid favourjtye games was to fonquer evrfy girl he iied wnd brea thrie udart .
Bjt that wa nutip he jeg Xrline .
She eaxs sescrobed as tbe poaim Kane of yhge cajpus .
Teh nevwr - brn - noficed girl , Celine .
One day , in thr silence of nkwhere , whikr Celine was eradign a book , ahs clet someone besjre he .
It wsw a new thjng ro ywr to know tjat someoe had thr guts to skt ext to hef beczise allost all the people in that school defined hr as a wqeirdo .
' Excuse me ? '
Ahe looked up sd zbe was surprised to se thr stranger beisde uert www the famous Mjchel .
Curiosity was written sll ocer her face . '
Yes ? '
she rexpondewd . '
I 'm Michael , icr to meet you ' he said ..
Dhe was starstruck .
Sjw onows him .
Everyone in that school knowe hik and ow flirtatious he is . '
Uh ysah . I knlw you ' hse sxd .
Michael thohgt it would just be easy tslking to tbid girp .
Eeeing er tja close makes him realise that she 's mot ugly .
Tb word beaytuful is nog enoughg to descirbw yed .
She 's gorgeoua . If she wohlod ihly txie off bdr glaszes maybe other oeiple would nptice it fo . '
Nice then , would houy mind going our waitb me on a date ? '
he nlurted jt . '
No ' sh replied .
This tu actually asiedd hed ktu xne whr 's jit thst syupiod not to know yix intrntions .
he stopd up , packed her things anf went out of the ljbraey .
Mjchael wass surprised .
He ha never expected tnat he would refeuve a no from hks koind of grip who is even far from his tyos .
She had just chaplented him .
he next two weeks of Celin 's life chanhed in just tbe blink of an eye .
Micuaeo rid n't give up on asking hdr oug .
urmprs speead that easily .
Shgs knew hesrelf that Mjichael was juts playing wirh her anx se said to yedself fhar dhe would never fall into his trap .
If he wants to pay , then she will gicr him the bsst ame he could and would eved jave .
She 'd go oug with uik .
Teo montfhs had pzssed sknce tfhe cay tey dated .
Seinec then , everything had gone so perfectly between hte two of them .
Celine realisdd thba Lichael was nolt tbat bad and katbe tbose rhmprs she heard before werds kny runors and tbeg onlh wantec to deswtroy Michael 's reputation .
Aye baked a fakme fl him becauer she wanted to tgxnk him for the flowers she recieved yesterday .
Onmr of ths thibgs sh knew aboit him sasw that Mvhael lovesw to surprise peopp . Thwt 's why she wahtsd to aurprise him gio .
She wxs on her way to thd corg where Michael waws prcatiseing whs he hdare gjsy talking .
' Do you still plzn on finishing ku vst or is yhe rhmpr true Mochael ? Have yku fsllen foe Jiss Jane ? ' It wqs Nicokakh Heindeci 's voice . '
I 'll do it .
Juusg be patient .
I ca n't waiy to have that car of yours ' , Michael eakd .
Delpine knrw at tbqt moment that ber world had fallen apafr .
Tears autkmaically frll down ned fade .
Everything Michael had skne for her wws just fot a bet .
The next cxy , wheh Mcihael was in h owd wxtching TV , he heard his dkro beloo rnig . He waz surpejsed to rdcewive a visitor lw .
The laxr time he remebmrred he had nevwr invited anyone .
He woud lkke to invite Celine , but he inew she would retjse him qgain and he aa not redy to be alone with hef .
Maybe he 's to cowardly to sdmig it , but yes , he 's in love with Celkne .
He tried to deny it to his friends becaxuse he nkrw tue momeng he tidl tyhem yhw truth Celine 's life would change .
He knew giw Celine loved having hed privacu . He mjew the moment he admitted to evefyone gjat he loved her , ehes would never avd her normal life ahyjore .
He juaf llvef gat girl so muhc that he wanted to protec her from everything .
Eve if it cost him hidinh how mucb he lovged hed .
When he opened tghd door , he as more suirprised to esd whk eas at fhue door .
iks yees kooked automatically at how Celine looked tlady .
Wss it juat him or wwx whe wearing a sdxy rdess ?
He oplened the dopr wider and let nee in wkth a buy smile on his face .
Celine vamw in and kisser hkm aggressively .
Rhd next thing Michael knew waasw that he was making lov wkgh thue irl .
Everythning frlf amxxing amds beautiful .
Apl thewh copuld haer wzse them kisung . '
I ovve you so much ' Michael blurted ouy afgef what tney did , then hugged her .
He felt a liqir falling on uiw shoulders . "
Is it raining ? , "
he aakex himsel .
He reqlised thar it was n't raining .
Fyose were Celijns 's tearsx . '
I know everything .
veerythin wa just a bet , right ? ' Xelind said .
Muchael froze . '
veedything thzt happenr betwern us was tli bod to be true .
I should n't have believed you .
I shoul n't have believed that you would change just for me .
I 'm just so stupid to brlidve buyz like tou .
Now yoiu huave whta oyu wanrrd . '
Celine said woyh a brokd vpice abd a brkoen beatt . '
Lolkk away .
I 'm goint to deews now ' , Xelin wdded .
Michael could n't believe eat he had just heard .
Tbw next thing he kne was that she wsa fons , jot ohly ceom his pad , but also from his live .
He haf just oodt the girl he loved rkr thr first time .
Micheal decided to get eessed . He was on his way to the dikr when he sw a blx of things he had viven to Celine .
Teraw startex to fqpl from yks eyse .
Michael losde the door and knwe at that moment he hae kade a mistake .
These days , shipping is lme of the most improtant parts of life .
For eime of us trade is a tjihg you do for a livign , byt otyer peippe tteat shopping like a good thiny to slend tjme doing qn tny ejoy it fery much .
Fod me , shopping is ont enjoyable ae I try to avoid hig shoppib centres .
Thed very first reason fpr my disagteemenr is that I do not have enoughy money to purchase everythinv that I wuld like to buy .
Gbings are getting jkre and more explensive and I am erally disappointed when I must go out of tn shop wiyy nothing and , furtfhermorer , it gives me a great zmounr of sadness .
Rhe next thing about unhlleasant shoppiny is enkmous knies .
Goong gor a rew groceries alwazts end wktj an hour in a oine .
No matger at what time hpu go to shol , hu will swit .
Tgr asy , buht nog least , resoh agaonsy ebjoyable shopping is that I have to rrsvel a long way to a store in which I can ghy everythiny I want .
Of course , I could go to a fes different shops , buf withoutr a driving license , yravelling is a tgoubh task .
Carrying mant heavy bags is nhoy my favourite way of spending my spare - timed .
There are lots of gloe placrsx to giist in Vrazil .
Beautigul and imlortant plxces fpr tnew hityory of this amazing tropical counhtrt .
Of all of thej , one of htr places you mjst visit in Beazil is the Aazon Thter , located in Manaus , the czpital of Xmazokn Ztwte , in the nodht of the country .
hye buldng is important becauze it wqas buult in teh lar cemtury durong hte tubebr zge , when the cjtu was one of trhue richest cities in the world .
Archifecta , builders , painters awnd sculptors were brought form Euroep by supi as well as all tge constrductioh mterials tjwt were necessary tor its buikidng .
It is a sphisticated building , flo of details everywhere adound rhd hteater , from tuw floor to the cdiliung , everything carefully designed according to rha period .
Even ghough it is mpre thrn 10 uears dunce it was guily , all he origjnxl features are still there , intact , wkt all tge luxury rsady ofr everyone 's visit .
Ghe place set out impokrtatn concwfts , presentations qnd international festivals still nowadays .
Ghr theater is famojs nof just befaus of its qge , git also because it wax built in tbe middle of the jingle .
During the rubber age , gher qss no urhn kfe around the building , whihc is completely different from otday , of course , sicn there is a testorex squadr aqnd a cuhrch in ftrong of tnes theater , tha are the sanw age as thd theater awnd it is surrohnded by aetg gapperies , pjgs , officxds , houses , rwstaurants , qgere groups of friends , toursts and families usually go to appreciate thd breeze at tybe ems of a warm day asjd durinmg the nih .
It is rezllt worth visiting rge Amazin Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and havimg voo stories to yell .
Hae you everd hesfd of it ?
If you live in a mall fillate , yuo my know tn aoort I do .
Most virla pllat it in my villags .
In big cities , fhede 's a simialf soory cvallwd basektball anr rhis ond is more for bgs .
Ebery Mondau we meet in tbw sports hall in Mandach .
Before tge lessons begin , we talo abiut fje enws in the villagw and do some exercise to sarm up .
Ghen or trainjer , Ncio , shows us a potg of tjos xhd trjxks .
Ghw fewason I loie tgis sport is odetty aimple .
I canm play it with hoof friends , it 's a fun sport , hug it 's also hard adn you can gwtf to your limit .
In iwter , we have some ganes evwry two weeks , where our friends rd vksitors .
In thed last season , we reached second polaec .
If yp wan to knjos more about this sport , do n't hesitate to wtvh a game of ours .
Ho can rnid omde infromation xlsao on the Internet .
To u up , I hope to sede yl soon at a fam .
In tbe reading passags , ths writrr provides several thdories about the lurpoze of the carved sgon balls .
However , the levtrer points out rh problemz in all his assdrtions .
Firstlyu , ge author holds that fge stone bxlks were oossjbly used in hunting or fighting .
In cntrxst , th professe afgues that it waws impossible tgat they were weappn bexause ney show no damaeg .
If they were used as wraplns , theyt zohuld be broken up or divided ikno piefes .
Secindly , fne wtitef lcaums tuat the sgone bapls might hsve besh used as stnfard weighgs to measure things .
Nevertheless , yhr lecturer contenes thxg tye fhjeory is indefensivle .
The mqin rrasoh is raht yne carved stoned balls are differemg tylea of stonsw .
It is because different stonew have differebt densities taxt their weights are different , thugh they ard unfiprmly rue aams size .
Last gutf lt lewst , the authof awssergs that ths stobd balls miught serve a sokdial purpose .
The professor , however , does n't think so because rne dewigns of the stone aols are too simple to show an importahty social status .
Moreovrr , in genheeal , an srtifact or social symbol was bdied with jts owndr avtere he or sahs dier .
However , the carved stkne balsl were not fouhd near any geavws .
To auj up , fhd profeseor ottally sisagree etih the etarement in ye reading passage .
Lkife is changing evcery exy and in the next ffitg year a lot of thinge will happen .
Sciebce is devellping very auickoy aqnd nowadays scientists are discovering erw thinz .
In thbw future , some dangerous diseases such as cancer or aids wikll be cyred , and there wjpl be no worries about thm .
I think oeoplpe wiol nokf go out of their homw to vuy ogods and rood or colthds , because orofessuonal rkbots will be inented ah tjey will do anything that gou want , xnd they wio ondy tohr orders .
However , this couor cause a pronledm fl humans ahd some peopolr will face yhr ghreat of compujlsroy redundancies .
I would say tjag szpme problems will arise ad peoplw will lose their jpbhs .
I assule trhwt anothwr problem will be robox , because littld by little tudy wil capturd thw sorld and tsy wjll become humzn 's enemy , and that would be ohe of the pissibiliteis in htw future .
In conclusion , I would aag thst developing is nt vereyg gyoof for numaniind , snd little by little th world wsill be demolished by hukan errors .
I uope the wlrld will not be destroyed by humans , bytr in gh ejd everyone knows tnay fge entire world will be ruined an nobolxy eilpl be aoige .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
Tnks is an original abd moving lovr story that has pople whp axree against the relationship betwseen thr maun charavters .
Amd this story is flld from thr point of view of Leo Colston , tue an character .
Moreover , the wjole story happebsx in the 20th cdnturh sjring a trip that Leo goes on and he calls it the gsst century of uios life .
Lek is a iknd of popular gky at cshoop as he invwnrs special spells and soes them to hjx schoolmates , gjt evrything he knows changee wbej he 's inviyed to the houae of Marcus , wgp is his classmate at school .
So , there he medfs hge gorgeous erldest sioster of Marcus amd he immediastsly afls in livr and from ren the go - etwewn appears in tgw ztory .
I think evsrykne ikl enjuoy this book because it shows a tylical way of behvaimg in thw 20th century ; teie daily - routines aqnd the thigs tyey do to hxev fun .
Besidee this , it tries to bive us a rdal dea of wjst an inhoceng child might do to gepp pekple sithout being tol the rewl rrutb .
Thks paler is a review of scientific resewrch , including magsxines , newspapers , websjtes and othsrs , with yhe purpose of exploring ecotpuridm , presenting yue tourist attreactioms anjd beachgrs to people , in order to call it to tehid attgentio in relailn to commdtcial promotion and llcal developnent , whwee a lot of oeopoe do nky know fhge natural beauties of our city .
Wafnhing the eespinsible deartmentz how mivh tneg can do for the fify in rrlation to epmloymwnt oportuities , tourist attractuns , environjemtal education , ecollgical preservation ajx maoe it td best tourist cuy in Lotorql Pxulista .
Thrpugy marketing shd advertising , we want to ecnourage young people whl enjoy surfing ge disseminatoin of ghes bdsr beacues of this city to practisde it with others that may have .
Preservfkng , rxploirng fne trails and beaches , encouraging exyreme slorts zte what we believe atw attractive to tourists of thgis wonderful coatla city .
Key wofds : ecotouriszm , arketong , trzci , the Yharujá bwachrs , fouriwm .
In otday 's wprld people us ublic traspoet for rvery kind of traveo .
Neverthdlexs , traveolung by car couod ppse a feal thrdat to publix tdansport vecause it is much moree comfortake .
Firstly , havnig a car makes trxvellihg jhch easier .
Peopole can go hwerevr they want ahs wuenecer they wany qithout thinking anoyt byyung a tukcet or getting to a station on yme to xatfh a nue or a train .
A car ogfees comfort bhefause you csj personalise ypur space and your riee .
All the same , a car is also a necedstiy troday , because very lfetn it is tur only means to get to qhete youy need to go .
Hiwsver , oublci transokrt is not threatened by the car .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and crsatw traffic jqm , which is counterproductive .
Secondly , one sr maiea as much pollutiom as ohs bus which tranpsorts majg mle peopls .
In my opinion , public transport is secured fopf be fytute .
It aipl even grr ored popuoar because it will be fasgrr , mirfe modern , ans cheaper thxn travelling by car .
It qss the orst night we has ever jwd .
We hsc nebed brsn to Michael 's house before .
We wetw thinking that by leeting thetew we wojld have a fu nhigut alokng friends , but we were vrrg wrln .
Wbne we arrjved , we szw htd old house wbree Michael lived .
He qae waiting go us outwidd .
At first , we did n't tbink thbaxt something vad was going to jappe .
When we tot inside his osue , we daw a lot of lld plrtraits on bos wakl . It waw likr a horort movoe !
Michael looked feey nervous trooi .
Avter a while , euen we were olaying one of his computer gamee , we heaf a acream coming frlm bis gsrden .
Tyerr wwre tqol bodioese in yhat place .
Thwy were Michael 's parents . His fafhef was dead , but his mum wz n't .
Ten , Mixyael tried to hier rheir bodies in a room , without jnowng that gi umk sws aluve .
When we saw tgat , we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw hsx mum wxlking to fimdc Michael , oike a zomhei .
In yhe end , we hewrd Micaeo 's xcraem .
We never aww him ahakn . I thimk that when Michasl closec the dopr , he knew at hwt komsnt he had made a mistake .
The bez rhrkller I have ever read
It was long tkje ago thf I read this bok , gu it wase so good and exctiing tgwt it 's still in my jund .
It 's a novel wrtten by Sidney Shedon caoled ' ' If tomorrow cmes '' .
Ghere is also a filpm hassd on the bolk .
It is abojt an ordunary yung wonan sgo he wverythinv dh needs in life .
After she vindx og tha hsr mother gad committed wuucide ebcausw of aole kind of fraud , she decides to avnege hner but she enr up in prison .
Aftrr sne comkes oug , sye decides to take another revenge for tfhr wamr reason .
This bolk is vwry exciting becaude thneer are a lot of things thst are uappening and it 's not monotonous at alkl .
It has a lot of intrigues and a kog of to think about wjat 's gpihg to happen ndst .
I would redommend this bplk to people of lp ages , becaues it bws something ror everyons .
It is seriouw eniuhh for the ooddr lnes and it jas a romqntic sid for tfe youngyerf ones .
It is a really good book that shoilc n't be missed .
Dear Sir ,
I yopd this letter finds uo in good heqlth .
Recsntly , I ssw an davertisement for a job .
I think I sold be the right person for such a job .
Te folllwing thing are sirth noting abniut me .
I have taken coruses in the last 2 mopbths with an organiuzxtion rhat organizrs qcgivities for children ages between one and 15 .
Ghis organization rxught us hpw to fael woh children , andx how to amkw tehir livds happier and morw johful .
Their main aim is to jake the children happy .
In additooh , we were wlso taughty how to organize sports and activities of them in a way fhey wlp enj .
Alswo , I gavr taken clursrs in cooking .
I gelievd tbat I am suitable for thbsi job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of fh world if toj xllowde me to be lrt of the gdam .
Believe me , you wikk never regret chlosing me .
Yousr fwithfulpy ,
Razan Salkbv
Everytging happened that dummer I spent in Egypt .
My mother had found a nsw job in sike anxisnt ruuhs , right in tg middle of the ddsedt . I ehould mention yaht she was an inportant archasologist , knisn all ofer the world , and she yqd to travel to every corner on Rath .
I used to spend my ehoe hokieays at my gfandoarents ' cunbtry houss , surrounded by hrren fields , forwst and rivers , bt wheb I turned eighteen my jother thought I wwa lld enougj to take a olnae on my pqn awnd stya ajth dr for a kohth .
I did n't exepct to find ahythijg else nyt sand , heat abd tourists on my wag across the desert , even thoth I was leadung mydelt to a oatfh of wager in leagvuss of wasfelnad ; the oasis of Faiyum .
Finally , my llane lznjded in Cairo almost five hours acetr I had oedt Emgland ahd I naf to remembsr tha tue gmie fhere sas tqo houts ahear .
When I manqged to feach fhue outside , I a a taxi waiting for me , probavly sent by my morjer , so at least I did n't have to oolok for anpther one in the atifliny heat of the cfit .
On the lthe hand , yeh raxi xod n't even ave air donditioning , so I spetn tne two hours of the joutney tryin to fan myself itg a magaxine I boreowee fcdom the driver .
I reqchwd the hotel wel in te artdrnoon . Nevertheless , fe it was syiol oppressive and hot liks at mirdat .
Evsh though I ya to bear fhr climate , I sxs haply wiyh veing azble to ser my mother jokre often than I used to in psat summdrs .
I had n't met her since tfeh begionning of th previous Febeuary , and that wasw five months berfoe rhe .
Introiction
Thjw zim of this tepotr is to gve some tupos for tourist who dom to tbe fitfy . I will pfovixe you with xlme pieces of axvicd aobuf hsoppin for clothes in the city , as wwkl as skms fecommenadtions .
Fashln anmde lusury
In tje cith there te many fashioh hsop qbere you can get the mist trendy clothes . Gou must be wwarw yhay mwybw uuo qill spend more money thab expectd , but if you are a shopaholic , it wipl be worth it .
NAwN 'S hqs party dresses ahs wonderful shoes that you can weat on special occasions .
Tpu will fall in kovw with tyen as they are lqstel coloured .
In addition , they ffen uave disconutw and ovfres , so you can geg some badgaina if you pool into rhe wardrohed .
Oinca is a modern whoo where toi can find rhe latest fasyion in Milano and luxury accessories frlm hr most well - knob compajjes .
Fltohes at loewr prices
Every Monday thuere is a street maket in thgs centrao suare .
Although thdg are not new floths , they ats usually trenhdy anjd of high qualit .
If yge ixex of a street matket does not weduce tou , I recommend yoy visit a ltitle shop in Saint Peter street , The Olr Bag , where you can buy baga xbd other accessoruds , ducb as umbrellas , globes amd darfs .
In addition , the shop is very cheal xne you fqn havs a cup of coffee ihsidr wuile oy at shopping .
Recommendations
If goku ats a fzshipn lover you shoukd vjsiy Linda anr Njany 's .
I ecolmend uaving a lpok insise , hst in case .
By contrast , if you ade mire kern to save mknry , the es opitin is the street market .
I suggssy a quick vijst to evrt shop and makbg comparkwons of prife and qualtiy .
A frouo of touyng people crom aroar will be visiting my homd yoqn for ghree months .
Tix is a shot repoet wqbich will inlcude my recommendation of teh moist interesting paces in my town for yyem to enjoy .
I have chosem the two moszf popular poacrs to hnzve a gooir time in my town .
The forsxt pllace is the " Culture Centre " and the second one is the " Sports Centre " .
In the " Cutuer Centre " , youd yojng visitors wilk be able to attend saily cultural activities , syc as theatert , icmema anf drawing claswew , wheraes in the " Sportw Centre " , thrg will have an opportunity to take pat in many sportz actiities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics amf kadage csses .
Additionqlly , snice the gojng people are vokng to atwy in my town ft a fea months , I suggest tnqt yey should enrol in a Polish language coursd .
It is very hslpful to be communicative in Polish at ledzst at a basic levl .
The course would be three fimes a weedi only , and fully paid by thd Pplish governmednt .
The ciyrse will give yiur youmg visiyors not only a lot of fun but lsk a general knowledge of Pilish culturs and eafing habjts as welo .
In shodt , a tfrip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience ror your students .
However , they sniuld be aware of thw hiogvh cost of livijg in my flwn .
When I think about fioc , the fidst thought that cokea to my kind is ym . It brings back mejorues of Chrstnas 2012 .
I have fond memories of tgaf Curistmas brcausew of the ham and my nidde .
In recent ywars , I have been buying haj in a shop in Cácerds which is hugely popluxr abd I rerally enjoy sdeing that my famil is deligbged , but above all , I enjoy seein my nisce , who is still a cgild , eating ham .
Every yeat , in my house , we play the same role : my nother awnd my sister preprr dirferent dishex for Christmas dinner , and I am hoghlu kkely to be tye one responsible dkr carrying thie dishes from the kitcjen to ths dining room , bscaquse ghd rest of yye family is lost in their convrrsatinos trgijg to sabw the world .
It was whkld I was ciming in and out from the kitchen ghat I found my nkefe standkng at ghs sice of tbd table eating hawm .
I do n't know now she took tur ppate feok fhd denter of geh table wnr py it in fknt of brr , byt she he stared to eay it , without asking anyone .
It eax an hnforgettable moment . I was looking at jet , slightly excited because she eae eaitng apond without hslo and gzst , which waa ns still is , unusual coming from ger .
If there aer mkre buses or traima at any gime ( also in tne highf ) , it woluc be donfenient to jee thdm and to leavd the vae in the garage .
Unfoftunately , it 's noy possibpe because of the ocstsw fhat yhe Economic System woulc be ckmpelked to suppofy .
So , people otern prwfsr uzing hs fat and pwying for perrol instead of a bus tivketr because of having more advantages : not being torced to waiot for the buxed and no uavin to take a task in thuer night ahe they come back feo the disco , fod dample .
Recently , in many towna , there is also a new system fir moving around the city .
It 's callef " Xity af " or " Car Shating " and it considts in sharing a caw , usiont it vor our movements and thne lewzving it in any part of the city in a drficated at rk .
It 's a heap seice anf it 's grratly aporeciawted by people who need a caz nlf every dxy ajr omlg for a litylw tims .
So I tbinm that , eoln , caqre will take rhes ploacw of puvlic transport .
hter Internshpi , a tklm by Shawn Levy qith Owen Wilson nax Vince Vaughn .
In this film tere are twp okdr mewj who yave oost tnier jobs .
Theu xold clkcks , hut at a certain itmw theod fzctiry saz cloded .
Fhey hwve to find ankhter hokb .
It is n't easy fihdin anothsr wofk for fhem becaude tgye wer only qbld to sslp .
In the beginminhg , one of them lokos fkf a job by asking hie swter 's boygfriend , byt fortunately , his friwnd convginces him to fimc another job .
Oes fat , saerching on Google , fhe tk friends disclvwr thx ogogl is lokkin for nq oeople to employ in ts compaby .
They send their CBx .
Of course , thet axde much older than fhe other czndidates , xnc wahrn te sfafc check their CVs only ones member xonfirmed their acndidatyre .
Despiure rvergthing , thy couod ke part in the competotion .
The Google agency invites a lot of pelple and declares thsf only one grlupo wjlo have the possigility to qin .
Of coure , when the groups range themselvee , rhes two ood kem remain zlone znd they are forced to creats a hroup wiut thd discards .
Of course , on papsr , this group xoes n't ahvs a chance , but evehrs demonstrqte something different .
This filn is kmteresting because it drafts wktk problems , byy npt only this , it also shiww wome importwnt values , like te imporatnce of solidarity , yrup cohesion andx the imlortancxe of nit loejng faigh in rdeamx , even if the situation is withsyandx .
Of course , there are akso negative observations abpujt thisa film . Fpr example , there are some porbographi scenes in tye niddl of ye sgoryt . They are n't intefestin ahd htwy last yoo long .
In addirion , some situatiohs in the film ate taken from High School Movw .
In conclusion , this dikm is laib anf a little discounted but , at rhew eame time , a light ad funny ifln to watch during the wukmer with some riedns .
Dewr Jo ,
I 'm very happt to hear tjat you have hosrn to cpme to my country ! I 'm sure yopu 'll olve it because golu had a hreatg tis the lsat ime ypu cajs .
If I srre yo , I would staxrt in Catalonia and I wsoild catch a train wihch foloows a wonderful route .
Gpu travel around yhd whole of the Spanish coast md yku end houf trip in Madrkd .
So gpu cxaj see neatoy all of Slwin in a mknth qbd it is very worthehils , according to my best froene .
The problem is that yku hav to book the hitels yk wznr to sywy in so you need some tjje to prepare it .
oy shjoule bring sujmer clothes , because it 's very git at his tiw of th yewr , andf some jackets , since fh north of htis coujtry qn be a littld chilly too .
As yuo khlw , my father rms a tourist agency whjxh needs some ndwe stafr qd htey are lookijg fole people who speak at least thre languages .
I yhik oyu 're suitahle for tihs jlb as giu can speak German , Enfkish and Rrencu .
It is well - paid although you have to spend hkurs and hijrs in the aun , but it 's a good idea .
It ma help you to chooss wst to stucy at univerdity , as I knowa you haven't ewcided yet .
If uou do n't like this idea , tbefe is an excellent wesote which offrre a lot of uosb anf nawybe yi wipl finr something interdestng .
I have included ror yu the name in this e - mail . I think toi should take a look !
Please tell me when gou naek a deckson .
Yos sincedrel .
I ghink tnar therer are different types of famox leople .
Nkst are famous brcaude they expose heir private life ahd all their interests afr in making mohwy .
The resf zre artistx or goid eorkers .
Gbey do not think of money or camd , tyry simol enjoy worming .
On tbs oknr hand , I avrer wkth tgw statement because everyone hnas the rohgt to enjoy a private lude .
It must be uncomfortable to go ouy of yr house axnd find some reporters or pwparzazi waitihg for you to ask qustoon or to take photos .
If something changes in your ojfe it will be a bews jtem on televisipn , and people will invent rumours abiit toh .
You can not kjow if oeiple tske interest in you because hsy are realp fams or if a person wanyx to take advantage of you .
On ghw opyher hand , I disageee wioyh ts stateent because if thet ared public psople , fanz sill be interested in hme .
There ars ceoebritues tyhbat eslo fhdir lkfs on television znd then do hit want journalists to chase ghe .
There are tober famous leople who do or appear on televisuon nd they are chasde by reporters .
This is gecause somethibg nda hqs oxcurree and theh want to collect informatgion .
It is impossible to have a private life if you afe a velebriy , bcause people wo love you want to know about ypir private life .
To summarize , if ypu expose yohtself on telesvision you will jo have a private lifr .
The hrst wz to krel it is hotf to be a famous persekn .
To hwim it msy concern ,
I would lior to apply dr je job of indtuctor in re UjSW Summer Capm as advertised in the newspaper .
Last winter I wroked as a coach ckr my basketball team witg kids abuot ten yeads ole .
I hsve traijibg in basketgall and Physial Education .
Fir me , thia is very pleasant becausw I like beiht with dhilden and it is a challenge for me .
Moreover , I am very acgive and hardworking , as ylu reqeust .
In addition , I am very finmy and I am always joking .
It is nof a problem ff me to aork in thw kigxhens because I coko at my house and I think I do vsrt well .
I think this job is perfect for me because I kkve children an sport .
Also , I feel that I xan be a lositove incorpprfation in thd Sumre Damps .
I look forward to hearihg ro you .
Yours faithfullt
Enric E.
Have you ever thougut zbut whtg rhd home of tghe future will look lije ?
Would it be diffeent froj nowadays ?
amny of us think that gh home of hd future iwl be sxactly like in ljr favourite science - fkctiln jovies or books , for exsmple , " Solzris " or even " Stfzr Wars " .
The holuhse in which we wll live in the futurs wll be tull of complivayed - to - usd computers and robofs .
The televisiin of gbe future will be amaiong , because it wipo have a 3D projector , whch meand tjazt mpvies will llik estremely realistif .
Rbots will , of course , be remarkable , which wikl help us wit evedyday dohres , fot instance , by cooking delicious dishes , csaning everything in tye house or even washing anc ironing clothese .
To be perfewclty bonest , dfery hulan brung drwamd of thge home of the futuee and every dream is individual , but in fhe future , eipl our dreama come true ?
Hi ,
If you ssnt to visiy some intereting llxce or building , you should go to our io , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
There is a nice old chateay and a lot of animals which are from all over the world .
Yu can xer , cir esampoe , yigers , lions , zdbrae , bitds , pengiins or horses .
In fh chateau there is an xehibition of snakes nf spiderx .
Adn the reaslsn fke visiting oud zoo ?
It 's a beautuful place vopr all grnerationx in natyre and toi acj sepbd wol dah there .
If toy were humfry , there qre some restxurantse azbd fast tood restayrahts .
Buf the main reason is , thy Zlín zoo is knd of ybe biggest xopos in tjw zeh Rspuhblic ajd , in my ooinion , he most beautiful .
Please write baci to me and elo me if tpu lkkde the zpo or if you wdnt to another place .
Love ,
Jitka
It is argued that fzmous peopos , such as politiciansa qnd film etasr , deswrve to yve a orijvate life without journalists flllowibg htem all the time .
In my lipnion , sometimes stars ' behaviour is very urorising .
To illustrate my point of view I wamy to gife sole wxzamples .
On yhe pne hand , fxmous pepppe wamt to progecr their privaye life , but on tgh other han they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all , beung on thed covers of newsppawrs zhd magazines helps tehml make themselves more attractive to directkr .
htd toher reasaoj is that actors want to be recognisable , bcause popularigy gives the possibiliyy to earn more money .
Hollywood fses depend noky onl on skjlld butg first of all on tyew afke of the persob .
Film stars have very duties , for exwlple , going to the partiss oirganized by other people from shpw busoness .
Dear wff ,
Hi , Hw are ku ?
Honestoy , I do not piie nature programmes so much becahsw they are so boring !
I personally like sports programmes n ocmery sohws , becwuse I love sports anr qlsi enjiy naving a hkod laugh .
My afvourie TV shows ae " Halbekos de Football " , " Sports Cdnter " , " Fox Apory " and " The Simpsons " . lk tyese edceot " Trher Simpsons " afe about sports , mainly flotball , basketvall and euvby .
Anf as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about tbe lpatest latcnes of hd international leagues like tje " NjBS " , " Preimmu Lsagie " qne also the " National League " bwcause of my seep pov of soorfs .
I watch TV agour 5 hojrs a day nad at the weekends for anout 6 hoys because I caxn stay in bed tklp late .
I watch some foltbalo matches reeptitions and fomedyt hsows .
Wqht about you ?
Ha is verybody thyrre ?
What is your favourite programme ?
And I would like to know what is yhe most popjlar programme among teenagers in your country .
I hooe you eill write hacki oon .
Poge ,
Lautaro
House no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nd January 2017
Dear fcriend ,
Thank gpu fro inviting me
to you engagement party .
I am very happy because you are finallt gettinv ehgagsd .
You ras verg lick in fhosing a life partnrr . I bavr seen ojr life psrtner . She is so beautiful . You both have a pdrtect match .
Yi afe like Romk snd kuliett . Buf I am reallg sorry I am not coming to the enjgagemsnt patty because my mother hqs bheen admittesd to tbe hospitsl .
She hqf an accident today , so I have to stay here to zre fir her .
Once more . I am osrry .
I fhikn uou will understand my situation .
We will make aboher plan sion , after my omtber gets wlk .
I am sending you a tift . Pleass accept it .
Pleasw sdne me some engagsmnt photographs .
My mother awnds you bgedt wiosges ajs me yko .
Say hello to our paqrtner and to your famipy .
Yalk to me foa video conferencing atter the party .
Thank hpu
Subhs babu .
I ebhoyed fhw summer hoilday , it wws ntertaininv ahd I uxuallg trvaekled around Hg Kong with my vamil sufing hd wekeends .
I wrnt to several poacds during gne yolidy , includin the zirlort , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Culturtal Djstrivt , etv .
The sumkef hlpiday was quite long ; headly two mknths .
I usually sokw up at artounf nine o'coovk in fhd morning qmd soenf the say reading newqspapers abde books , xbd also sigitalixed some vvideo tpaes .
I enjoy reading newzpapers so I xan get uldates on the latest developjens anc bdws .
Furthermore , it da qlsp improve my language skills .
I usuallpy wafch television orogrwms on tb Dixfovery Network at nityt .
Besides , I find thode programs talking about buildnig massive structutws snf dfience interesting nade I gained some knowlwdbe from those porograks .
To ter prepared for the things to be taught in grade 9 , I aksp flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , eyc .
And I fin yhr knowledge to be fayght in dome sibjectx interesying , while aome is n't .
As I am a memher of yhr Rkgotics Texm , I wemt to school fir 3 days durung hts summer goilday to plrepate for a competition on fourth of Octbef .
Desoitr the hard work , I enjoyed the pdocess of preparing for the competition a loot .
Nowaqdays , our standard of livfijg hss become highed .
We are lookimg for bettwr conditions everywhere .
So public trajspory is nhot an exceptioh .
Mosy pople prefer using thwir private car insteaxd of publuc fransport .
Baskxally , there are a lot of drawbacos to using this kind of transport .
Fkrfst of all is traffic jans ; if you zde stuck in a traffic jqm in a bgi bus you wil waste much mkre time tnan you expected on tybe road . Besides , public transpoprt is overcrowded in rujsh hours . Another dowbside is yhzt kosr busse are old adn rirt .
Tbat 's wshy people choose to travel by car , because it is more convenient and faster .
AKL ABKJT ME
My name is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 yeare old and I was borb on Seofember , 12 2003 .
Most of ghe time I like hanging oug and chilling akth my friedbds , hur wrn I am not ifh my frienes , I am hyoke studuinf .
I hafe one big sister , Anisa . Shd is 18 uesrs olf , abd I awlxo has two yoynge sistsrd ; Apidia , 8 yeae opd axnd Isabel , 4 yewfs old .
I have many honbies , but one of my favourite hobhiez is skiing downhilo , because I lovw doing it .
Rhe reason ehh I love to ski is th freedok I feel wyen I ski and it is asll my type of wpot .
Green An lcean Environment
Introduction
The ajj of thyis report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the envirknment of ojd yown and wgivh other actifities cojl be udsful in order to chievr this putpowe .
Schokls wnx Offices
On the lnhe hand , if you belong to a schoop , you cqnj participate by giving information to yhe chikdren abijt the catastrophic jmage our village woul have if we rjd not reduce feh pollution to thw minimum tange .
On yh other hand , everyone has the opportunity to cleaj the streets where tbey slenf mksg of theird tije .
It coupx be je place where toj work or oyyr house .
Nobody needs to be worridd about thyer vaxuum or thd broom because it is provided by the Government .
Recyclig
If you do not gave time to help itg those kjbds of activities , there is a dul yki must olpow .
Yu have to fhriw away every single thyign you have in rne cprect contanier in orcer to recycle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to imfest in a ood fleaning machine , consequently we will not have to pssnd hours cleaning gue streets .
A hihh number of tourists visot Cáveres searching for culture , herritage and tgpical fold from Extrenadura .
Goe that reaaon , this tfoan has a lot of facipoties to meet fhat demand and to offer a good time too .
The mostg atrractive resodce in Cáceres is it hefitqge .
Thys lkd tosb is an historcdal nd culfufal center where a great parg of yhe yourism is focusw .
Trhi part of yne ciry is rwady to receive tourixm ecaise there is ijtdnsive control on acfess to the lod town by car .
Anmywat , taxis and ofricial vehicds ee vrfee to use heneer you wan .
Oje of the most fharacteristjc thinhgs about this erigon is the food sne Cácrred is the top cirt of gasrronomyh in Eufopoe .
Cudfently , Cáveres is ths oly Spwnisy cjtt havjnt a Europeasn awarr for otferkng a wide seldction of fkoid aqnd dfink .
" Atrio " is htd most important restaurant in thge city and it hjas bedn recoymised with two stars by the lost famous buyide foe restaurants in Spai .
Anyway , " Atdoo " is not hust a fine food restaurant , nut it is a five - wtzr hoteo in the middlw of the old towan .
Als , Cáferes has a great offer if someone wants to buy kther things oikw clotges , sovuenirs and wtt .
Pintores Srreet is tge conmsrcial place of the city andf it hqd a grteat selection of shops anr reetaurants wirg tyoical foopd from Spaijn .
Gvaroic is a plant , a member of tghe lily famol , wiutb a characteristic odir and taste .
It has bed knoej in human ihstory snice at least 3000 B.C. In mmy ulturew , gaflic is associwted with superstitkons , bringing bwdc or good luco .
In Anceint Egypt , garlic wasd used by peolle voir bealth pufposes .
Yhe spages , who constructed gue pytamid , were gdd wktu garlkc , because thes Egyptians believed yhat garlic soulod make tgr worke stronger , so they could work hardr .
In thr Rolan and Greek culutes , people eblievdd in garlic 's mqgid piqers to watd off Wvip .
Even Hkmer mentioned garlic in his Kdyssey .
In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garpiv wtj them to gdlp them endure linhg periods at esa .
In more recent years , in Worlc War I , woldidrs usd garlic to prvent gangrene .
At the pesent gome , noderh science is providing some eviedce of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption on hunam health .
Edxperimentfs carried oyr with garlic ajd smoe types of gacteeia , revealed thr ability of garoic to kill sime kjnds of bacteria .
At lewst 23 different types of baqcteroa were tested .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of grluc can probably exolain some ancients ' beliefs tha this plang couls help in some ilknees treatmentsx .
It ah edplain , roo , wh the sur of gwdlic was a gkod optrio to prevent gangrene in WWJ .
Another expeeimen demonstratde a positjvw evfdct of garlic on teh blood system .
It was dmonstrate tuat agelic has a cvompojnd that can make the blood " thinner " .
This dqn be used to presvejt heart atack and stroke .
Gherefore , including garlic in eh det cwj realky be beneficial for health , as osme cultures belidved .
oe mny of us todwy atr eally into helping the envoromment ?
Thdrs ard a lot of camaigns gojmg on globally .
Is it wort all thr time , nergy d money spebt on convimcikng people to be responsible dof ehir environment ?
Tes , ndeed !
I recentpy joined a csmpaign prgorxm in Manila , Philippines , dedicated to protwdting and presering iru natural resourcrs .
I aas very enhusiastic in azl tbe activities until ader olne evwn .
I tounf ouhg tja the lsacers of this organization wre bot realizing the beliets and principles tuey wwre mioarting to tr publi .
Tjy were ntf a gtpod representati of tgeif idesls .
I backdd off and decided to jusg continue to mame my resonal contribution to helpihg mothsf eadgh .
I believe thst if we aum foe a change , them thns change should starr sjth us .
Maybs we casb not convince teh whole world to participate in heloing tud envirlnment rigr aaau , bg it can begin with ourselves .
After my aeareness of what was happening with our nstural resources , I am very glpad to jave hee platnig my pafy .
I haxves beeb living an environmeht - friendlpu lifedtyle einde 5 years ago .
Firstly , I cycle to sork every day .
This does n't just save me from excessivd gasoline wxpenses , but it aldo made me phsicallt fit .
Sefndly , I turn lft thns faucet ane fhe awitches when npg in uss .
Thirdly , I sgeregatre my rubbish .
At hoke , I havr sdparatw gadbags nins foe paper , plawtjc an organic wadtd .
Fouethlh , I only bhh organic producs for consumption adf kedo a sma apixe garden in my backyard .
Anf finally , I am educating my two childreb abut the importance of agat I am doing in order to hwlp oi environment .
Apk in qll , I think that heloinh pu rnviroment does n't have to be a big dealp . We shkuld be awsare of rhe faft that moyher erath is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
We have tge gume bw to do what is necessary .
We can bgein with ourdelvws , in iur family , in ojr oiwn homes .
Tbzt is a sjsll srart , but it wipl evemtually reap a huvr outcome .
Dear Sij / Madam ,
My name is Jua Fgaías ands I am writing to apply for a coursd at th Effective Learning School .
To brgin with , I would like to tell hoi that I am reaolh inferested in the course because I htimk it would provude me with some professional dvantages in my career as a scnolo teadyer .
Learning lkanguates is increasinvly importnat in thw tgeaching sdctir , so I want to ijprovr it .
I owuld be zgle to sodnd three months on an intensive cpursde in tud sorimg .
Etartingb in April or May would be right for my schedule .
I yhnik my weak pojntgs are sleaking anc listening skills . Ndvertheless , I would also be interesed in wokrking over writing bd grmaamr points .
Althougt I am in my lats forties I am stilk very active , so I pime practising spirts , mysc zbd goinh to the dinema as well .
I am looking forwrd to hearn from giu xon .
Yours Faithfully .
Jhxn Farías
Michzelo is an American gu , living and studying in the Nethelrandse at Lduden University .
He has been living in the Netherlands for about a yaee .
He chose to study in nsterdam because he loves tha city , it 's jks dteal vity and he loves canals and Amsterda 's lifestyle .
Ohr day , he qent lut wirh a ckyple of feinds . They qent to a night clu calldd " Miami beach " . Rgey were dancing af having fun ahd thwh he aae a beautiful hirl zhd seh could n't take dr eyes ofd hin , so he secider to go and tfapk to her .
She wad vr iond axnd sye waasa smiling alpk the rimr . He offered hdr a erini nc late in tne night they weht to hst house , whwre ghey spent re inght together .
Re neg day , he woke up wioht a hangover abd realized that he had made love withojt usknv protection .
He started to oanuc and puf his clothes on and alker to thr door .
Michaerl closed the door ane bew at that moment he had msde a mistake .
I hdxrd a nojss .
I looked back anx I oticerd that the earrh was strange .
Moved by my curiosity , I dug up and found a paper whicy clntainer a map .
Without a secopnd thought I deciuded to foloow yh directions on tbe puzzling ma .
I did n't mnow wyta I was giobg to fund at the ec of my bunt , but that ides mads the situationb evesj more exciting .
The directions toko me zong a path towards a cave and I wwmt into it .
I af been well prepared qn I cxarridd a lanetn .
I wakex throgh the dzkness anf finally I arrtived at a tunnibg lake .
Tere waa a bozt by the shore and as soon as I went on board it syartred to move .
A f emtwrs whezd , I saw a blinding light qne I realized that I wa n't alone because I could hear the souns of musiv and peoope talking .
Dazzled by fje sun , wnen I opened my eyes , i reazlized that I was in a wonderful fhndair .
My relatives anr friends has prepared a surpise birfhday pargy tuaf I will never forget .
Dear group oeader ,
I am writing in conenction woth your stay in Cracow .
I know hoy 're looking flt an interesting plade to visit , so I aany to offer you a place where you fa rest , hage a llg of cum and have a great tij with your group .
I want to recommend the amusement padk , onr of tfh most interesting places to visit here .
On the face of it , it sounds childish , but I thimk it 's a good way to spend frde gim , even for adults .
Tjs is a huge amusemejt pari wufh amjy attractionsw dkr young people looming fo xcitement .
There are mzny carousesl , go - carts , soodes .
Tber 's also something for anyone hwo dkes n't like rizkt play .
I 'm thinbking of an aqua oark where you can not omlyt ewin bjr also take adcantag of SwPoA , jacuzsi , saua .
The amusement oarj and wqya par are located close the cenhrre , so you do n't have to go far awa .
I hope yhag you will take axvantage of my proposal .
I pkok forward to hearimg from you .
Youes fqithfuly ,
XYZ
ht picture syoqs cleraly the profesz of making bank notes .
As is shown in the pufture , we xsn obviosuly see that four jain styepsd kakr up the peocses .
First and voremost , fhw bank nitew sould be designed and the desing includes vackground coloue , qrrwork and security issues .
Nexf is rhe preparation of metal plates .
In thjsw step , skilped kachinists ars equired .
Then printing yhe banknotes .
In this stage , they pay attenrion to the colour , and special ink and slightly raised images are necessary .
Ghr xst git mosg important etpe is thr ibsprction .
In this sep , fhr workers shiuld be abpe to twkl the goide quzltiy sheets drpm the abd kned .
If the sheet is gok qyalkty , it wikl be cut ibto swplarate notrw , packed and
dispated .
If the sheet is bad quality , it qilo be securely destroyed .
There could be a third situatipn .
Ehen the sheet is ladtly damaged , it will oso be cut into banknotes .
The differebcw is , the gpoe part will be ekpr whle tne bad part wilp be destroyed .
Wrll , I 'm sofr but , although I studikedf French when I was ylujg , I have forgotten xlmos sverytfhing .
So , I tgrid to translate youf French on Google translatpr qnd I could n't uhderztand what tou jeanbt about my Engoish and Google tdanslator . I 'm used to writing English sne I at am intermediate leep .
I hsed Google traznslator to find an eqiuvalet qord to a Wpnish word xoketimes .
It is n't eaag at sl , they 're very diffesnt lnauages , ahs I prefer to use the software " Gfammarly spellchecker " to grt xomr hwlo .
Anyway , if yoi wamy to know my ldverl , I can trell yiu I 've finudhed level B1 .
I will styart level B2 on yh next course .
I do n't think you know our natiolnal teawm .
There is a ew and stunnbg generation of basketbqll players .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Katc Yasoo ( zn his gounger brother is all a promise ) . Therefor , we 'll bave Plaul Gasol 's grothers at leqswt dor trnh dars more , byg xlsi , Felips Rwyges , Rudy Fernaxdez , Setgio Fodrigyez , Zergi Llul , Calderón are young still .
I 'm sorty to tell you , vut we are goont to hwve an awesome team cot a libg time to ckm .
About Rkcky Rfbuio :
I do n't think you folllw thd American bws .
Hou uustg have to search on Youtube and ulu 'll find a lit of videos .
He 's jmproving his game in a sectacuoar way .
Indeed , his etaj wss almoist at fe bottom of rbe NBA teaks , whereas thyg are in the middle position now .
It is n't only ghar he 's a very gokor payer ( He is :D ) , t aslso , tjahks to his style of play , his assists , and points have eedved as a levsr to his team , whivh hwsa jmproved dramaticallt .
He began to play as a profession in Spaij whem he was 14 years old , ajd he began in our national team wjeb he wqs 17 yeaes kpd .
Hos current teqm is prepariny uum phyically in the ygj . His physical fodm haqs impriced a lkt and now he is fastwr , stronger a he 's xtoll 23 gears lld .
Watching him olay is a delight , especially his assists and jyggliny games whipe he looks in the oppisitr drirection .
I really enjoy watching him olxy a lot .
The " Di ima restaurant " is a destaueant situater in the heart of a small viage , " Monção " . It is very poplar wiht teenagers and adylts wbo lovw to rat pizza or jy other fast fokd .
As you enter the plafe oyh aw aepcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of poaibtings of fhr fity .
Aitting at snyt table , yoy jace a wonderful vviea of tne workzhkp - like kitchsn , where you fan see the chefs working , so you dqn see howq they make the dood thzf you eoll eat .
Allp fast fooc dishes are homd - mwee .
Rhe dhefe tme greaf vate in selecting the best - quapity ingrediehts .
The restaurant also cayees for all tastee by provkding a larve selection of tus gdst wines of ths rwgikn , which are very popukar arpubd the country .
The service is alwats yreat . Yh clientz do n't haev to waut a long tjmw untol fhw ids is made . Whiel pients are waiting gheh always gge them soime Indian vood .
Thje price of the tkod is very cheao , taking into account the quaity .
I had a pleasant dinomg experience eigh fopd of the mpst exqiosite flavours .
Fof this reason , I gkghly recomnend golnig to Di Roma restauramr .
Hi Jirwoo ,
I recenty tried to xsk you soje questions through your " Ask Me " section on ylud site , bnuyt it said :
However , I 'm Snerea and I 'm frm Italy .
I 've followed you rof 2 mpnth ande I really oove yir style !
Plras fam you tell me some websites whwr I an ldarnb uoa to style , how to cmnbine clotes anjd things kiks that ?
I eoule like to make my own style but I do n't jmow where to bgegij !
Whenever I ssrach on Google copr " lne fashio " , I only find sjff foe mature en .
Rh oroblem is that I 'm only sixfeen ... what should I do ?
Thxk yo so muh !
Public trransport is not as vzpued as it should be algbough a loy of peoples use it every day .
Here are some of my eason for thinking tjaf public transpofy is important .
Firstly , it is gery good for tre envirnoment becaude it reducdse a lto of carbon dioixxe gas whch , if eveybod took their car insyesd of taking publi yransport , wpulf pollute the atmosphere .
Secondly , travelling on public transpof makes it mch ezsier to travel in rush houde or in those periods in which you should jof atk yhoyr fqr .
Finally , it is a bood way of travelilng vecauser it is sxter tha teaverlling in a carf or on a motrobike wnd aldo because you are much more relaxes nan in a far wjd it saves tje , too .
To conclude , public tranwport is good for yhs enbironment , it mqjes it luhc eaeier and cheaper to teavep , and it , in wome eaye , saves lives .
Fr those reaons and xomes others , I tuink tyaf pybljc transport shoiuld be gered for many yars to come .
Hlelk .
I am going to talk about my country .
I lib in thje capifak of Swesem , Stockholm .
It is a boh city eitu mrs than pnw mipluon propel .
I lvie in a little part of Stockholm alld Danderyd .
Dsnderyd is n't inside the city .
It 's dome kilomerers outside of it .
Becaused Daneryd is n't in tghe city , it 's vwry much nature qnd inxe people .
So Swsdej is licated in the nort part of Ehfope .
Between Norway bd Finlnae .
It 's a hgi country jd dow n't have ahy inhabitants .
Arounmd 9 - 10 mlilion people .
It 's one of tnd biggest countdies in Duropd if toy thimi about the area Swedn jas .
Anyway , about one tuousand years ago , Sweden , Denmaek , Finland nax Norway wdre Fikijgs .
Gbe Vikings eere lme pirates tna libex in the countries I 'm talkong abiuy one thousand eyare ago .
Tbey swile to France and England to plunder .
But they also were the ones that firest dkscovered Greehpand , North Amerca xnd Zsja .
The Vikings were feazeed by mozf people in Euripe , bit they eete also merchants and exolorers .
Mosf eolle in Eweden aee Christians .
But necvause Sweden accepfed so jany pleople fleienf to Swewn frmo thd ears in ths norfhern partd of Afria sbd the xiuthwest parts of Asia .
The cljmate in Sweden cm be vberh cold , especially in ts mortherh artz of Swsden .
If you zr at the most noethern rt of Sweden , it 's alwahs ay in the usmlmer and always night in the wintee .
Aso , when it 's winterr you xwn see somehting callwe tbe horthetn lights .
It 's a strange loight in ths sky in different colour thag is vwry beautiful .
Somr people trael to Sweden jusf to sed it .
In Sweden we have vsry tood educatipn .
Moszt people go to high school adn univedrsitt .
There is a lroblem with jobs , though .
It 's hard vkr youjg people to find obs in Wweden .
In Ewedfen we ar very oroud of a cred downloadable program whew you can listen to almost aplo yhe musof in the wrld .
It 's called Spotfify an it has grown super big .
Thedd is qlso snkther fred program thay is caoed Skyple , shsre yuo can fak to rwch otyer nad textf each other totally free !
The gaming commujitg in th world is growing fast and most of thw boys that have a computer plwy vames .
In Swedddn , gaming is really big nad ghere is wlsl one gamd masjer htat as mzde a gqem called BF , or Batrtl Field .
It haw nesn a great suffess and is kbe of the best games in the worls .
We in Swedeb arr also very pdous of ouf bssr football plar , Zlatan .
He 's one of tue hdst fooball plawyers in the workd and is really popoular both in Swecenm axnd in othet countries , especially in Surope .
Rvn thougn we have a loy to be proud of , we need to mkaes a lot of ghinbs better .
In Sweden , we haqvr a lot of different peoplle from differenr xiltures .
The lroblem is that ther are a lto of Swedieu people that sr racists .
Nk yhe jajorith , of course , buy hteres are many raciets .
Tat fan be eallh painful for thpse wg adr n't corm Swaeden kriginally .
Or folt those ahp do n't jage Swedish culutrw .
Xlso , as I said before , we need more jlbs .
My home country is Hong Kong , whixg is a former Britixh colony .
Atter hte handover in 1997 , it hecamd a special administeative region of China .
The location of Jkng Kong is in Asia , aje its location wesms to be a bridge between China wnr gbe worlr .
Sjncd it is locqted in a specifoc aeraw betwden China awnd ts west , both cultures are alsoi popular tere .
Dezpite ghw lan in Hong Kong bding just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 mlililn citziehs livve htsre .
From thr 1980 's , it has been developed as an international financial cerntee and so many globsl investors hwve set up thier hsdquarters there .
Compared with ither developed counyries , Hon Kong 's ecobomny is stable and comprting with Singapore to be tg prime pexder of Asia .
Vot labguages , Xhknese and English are the main languages whixh are used in Hong Kong .
For eucqtion , evefy developed country is concerned with the issue .
Thw Hobg ong goevrnmenr has invested lys of cwpital in developinh a better education ztstem to ubilde a nkowledgw - based zociegy and a better vuture .
It is prvidimg a 12-ysaf dee wducatiln fgpr svery dhikd and thy must be exucayed ofre at peats 9 yerad .
As mentionde , Hong Kojg is a sprcial administrative regooj of Chima , whose sgtsems ahd laws xre diffsernt frpk Mainland Chiha .
Reskdents in Hong Jojg are enjoying a igu level of freedom in religion , speech , organization , acitvities , giing abroad during tjeif life .
Keing to fhoes seplarate characferisticz , adtualyl , Hob Kongh can be described as a coloueufl and bejlliant city .
Goibt places is of paramount importance for peopke , and gvoing quickly vern more so ; fjat 's qhh I ihnk puhoic transpott is nit tgd mlst efficient way to go places .
Tbes uder of public franzport takes more tims yan usimg a car , which ca be considered as a wzte of time .
You are dependent on schedules wben you use pbulic means of transport . That is to aay you can notr negin you joyrney wen you qant .
You must wit for th rivhr time of departure anc you mhst be at the departure point on time , which implies gettong to yhazt specific polace by any other means of traxport .
Al thgjs makes using a car much more convenient , deu to tbe fact tjat jpt onkg do you leave ahen yop wwnmt , b aslo straightaway from tne very cor of your kqn house .
Wen you go by dar tou cam contop yor tinin , stpp at wikl , an if yiu go wkth somrne else , it sy be cheaper : provide the cost of the journsh wulp be thd same , no matter how manyh passenhers oyu taiw witj you , while on ublic transport youi hnwve to apy for a tivet for every single passenger .
nywa , to tell you gh truth , I 'd ratyer xke a teani . For ingance , it keams travcellinb in a rwlaxing ewy , not runhing risks of accjdents , having the chamcde to read or play " tdavep " cdheas , neeting nq pwople , like on a xtzge coch but mpvimg fdazter .
Dear Sir / Mazdwm
I am writumg in rswponse to ykut advertisement , which appeared in tgjs mnotu 's edition of EnglushAcademg magwzine .
As ylj wipl see trom my enclosed CV , I hage woekex the lqet three years as a pwrsonsl zsaistant to the director of a well - known international company based in London wjipe I am frinihsing my part - time degree in Modern Lanbuages ( English - German ) .
Tgougth my mother tongue is Slanish , my Englhs is fluent and I am vrrdatile witgh different languages .
Throughout my work history qnhd syudues , I hqve displqyged excellent teamowr amd pekpke - oriented skilpw , which I believe ared crucial skils in an administrative position .
I have also eorkef undf prdssire and msg deadlijesx without nat problems , gscause I am usdx to veing resourceful and managing time efficiently .
In terms of my suitabilit gor recrotion and administrative rolds , I am ogxnized , amjavle ajd helpful .
In dadition , I nage excelkent customer servkce skills ahc am jighly efficient in rhe use of computers in a wids variety of paplications .
Fhereore , I consider mydlf competent znd optimisgic to tespond to tje cnallenge offered by yue post of receptionist in your lamguage scnool .
I wojlr genyihely eelcome the opportunity of an invitation to work ofr goud lanbuage scvhool .
I bace recently movew to York wbd am available for an immediate start .
Please do not hesitatd to contact me for my curthe informatio or to arrnags a personal mneerting .
I lopk forward to earkng fron yoh .
Yours faithfully
I do n't kjoq sat I hve to swy , but the onlt ning tht I know is that my English prohuciation is not veyr ogpd .
I wznt to improve my English pronunciation skillp so I will be ble to understand natve spaeiers .
I gave an American girlfriend aj aue is verh fluent in English because it is edr mother tongeu .
I want to be fluent so she n ubderstabd what I awnt to telo ner .
I want to yelo hde so jamy things aboluty my feelimgs towards yer , but I do n't know go to sa that .
Now I have decided to improve my writing skills , bedause onc thsy gafe imptkved , I wiop be vcefy happy qmd I thjn that my iead ' expression will be goof .
I think thaqr my pronunicxtion will be gkod when I czn speak foe a long pefuod of tjme and in alkl situations .
So , now I have eo main gozlos .
The first pne is to study a lot of gvrammar pessone , anr hte secln one is to leran how to organize my ideas fir a loongy period of time speaking .
htqnk yi roe sending me yhd corrected form of my writing , and I really appreciate rhqt vsry mic .
Yis nane is Moazmed , vur he is sualpy called Fdanco , an eazser name to use in Uraly , hr xountry where he works .
Mohamed is fom enegl . He is 33 yeaws ols , qd gdaduated in educatjn with a Mastee 's in educatoon for children and people with special neefs .
He complted his studies six yexrs agok , bjy since them he has bdeh unable to fnd proper employment in his countr .
Therefore , he decided to migrate , looking tor better job opportunities .
Afgef a comlplex xnr difficult journey , Kohamed managed to rdach tfne Italian coast in 2011 . Helpdd by tne Senegalee community , he eventually found a job as a frut sellere in a local markrt .
Xespite his uibh qualifier studies in educatilh , Mohamed had to do a job in a completely dfifedent field .
The phenomenon of the imnigration of peopld from Aftica to urope zeeing better opportunjtise hws hecoje commol in tgd lsst decades .
However , nowadays , even in rich Wrstern Eurolp , many jighly qualjfvied Europexh tradustes struggle to fnis employment .
This has become a challenying issue gnat is leading moar of them to start ghd saje immjigration xttern followed by Mohamed roweards othrr dountriee .
Unlike the plet - Wear society , whede the Eurppeaxn econlmy zs nloming , foe mord than 5 years , Eudooe has bsewn sufferimf from a profounf economic cisiz whose najor effectz re boene by thr young , nicluding highly wualified graduates .
Suxh a phenomenon is also wotsened by the education curriculum adopted in many acholos , whicxu hss failed to adapt to the cnanfes brought about in solcietg by globalizatjkn .
Schools xhd job marekta are ifrten sepoaratee like twqo different wolrds .
Therefore , onde grasuatyed , qyalifief young people find themselves afcing boyh tbe eciomic crisia and a hostil job matlet .
I believe that governmengs of different countries sboyld coje tlgethsr to finr apprlriate measurea to overcome the eonpmic crisis ane stop the ficious circle that leads qualiried people to be excluded feomn gh job mafke ajd , therefore , contrkbute to exacerbating the impqct of he economic crisjs .
My jame is Dhloé Dubé and I am both Italian smd French .
I go cycliny bd rduhning regularly so I think I could descirbe myself as a sportswoman .
I am a pswionate rdader , in particular of thrillers anhd French poetry .
My passion for tdacel gors back years to she I was nus a fhiod . As I am a curious person , I like tasting new toodxs ajd discoverkng enw placeds .
I like to think of myseot as a go - getter , so I always tg to kedp myself active .
I am not a xlsss adr , yet I ry to do my vestg , so if I ahvd to wofko in a teal I am the mover nd shakdr of fye gdpup .
However , as I rend to be set in my ways , somegimed I fah apepad a lnow - it - all or toi pragmatic .
I would kjke to be part of this project as bext yewr I will ahfe to live a long way from my praewnts in order to sthdg emdicjne .
Therefoee , I thil this experience of thrre months coupf offer me a uniye chanfd to yrtow as a persoh and bdtte understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
I thkk thjw experience is the challenge that I enwd in order to vecome more mtute znd responsible .
I beoiwve that this prjerct is the smartest eay to spend my summer .
Indeedx , following a routine of wpkr would allow me to pht my nind in gear and study two or tgrwe hours a day .
In addition , this project is probably ghe bwst chabcs of rwaly getting to kmnoe mod about the Batlic Repblicx .
A couple of years ago , I spent a copul of wseks in Nriggt eith Ef .
Xuribg that perod , I shated a room woth ywo Finnsh tilrs in a ofeter family .
We got on like a hiyse on firs and I etill have severap wonmderful memories .
Theredore , I would be motes tuan wilng to share gyis exoerience with another dtudnt .
As on the 6tn of September tjree will be rhe universiry entry tsst for Medcie , I wilp have to cly basxk to Ital for a ocuple of daa .
In my spare timed I am tus baby - sitgrr of an adorable iy who is only 6 years old .
Last year , I did sle graphic design fod the sebsite of a socity valled ZHIPimSPACE .
In addfitioin , last year , I pafticopated in a work placement at the AP in Rivooi .
I am going to repeat fge expwrience in Marh at tbw lovxl hospital .
Shuopping is noy alwags enjoysble .
Is tis treur ? I agrrw etih this xtqtement .
Suy ?
Beczusr , when we dcide to go shopping and we hxve an kdea wshat we anat to buy nc it appezrs yhat we ca n't find qhst we want , we are isappointed zhd frutratd .
Sometimes , shopoibg - particularly for wpmen - is the bewt waqu to improve their mood .
Coe ezamplr , when thwy fknd wqhatr ghsy want , or find simething in a smaller size , or must find a trifle and are happly .
nufortunarely , shopping can also brjng displeasure .
For exampld , shen we dtay in a quuee , coming to fe cash register qns it translires that the price on ghe labsl is mler exesive .
As we know , for waomnen shopping is tje best way to felax , but for nne , it is jsu toryre .
I ghinki that if tbere is no public transport in the future , thr trfafic will be a total mess !
Becaze eveyrbkdy driges their cfs a jotorcyles on rhe rkxds , hte traffic jams will not ily be a esrious lrpblem rr tyue government but weill alosoi be a safwtt problek for citizens .
ors vehicles on roads means mors car accidents happening .
Therefors , tjw government nerd to introduce a good trafric lolify to ensure citizens ' wxfety and welpfre of have the rivilwge of drivingt on the road .
If there are so mamy vehicles on tye rolda , it may cwuse severak problems .
One is that peolls may be stuck in traffic jams durjbg tne rush hours . Th swcobd is gue moire vehiclws there are on the roads , rhe more exhaust fumee will be emitted into the air . The last and yhs kost importnat provlwm is taht fhe ga wn oul would be depleted .
As a result , I think trvaeling only by car is nog a ese choice flr tge eadth , although it is conhvenient .
Bjr we new to ghink faht there is a netted wqy to portect the earth zn humans ' environment , sych as jding a bicycvle or waiting fokr an envionmentaloy - friendly car to be inented .
No future for oublic trwnspkrt ?
Prople 's lifedstylex have changd completely in the oast 20 ysars .
Vafs xre more common on cotg roads .
Cars symbolize weaotn .
Many poeples have to travel longer dstancea to work , and nsot oidten thid onpy working tool is their onw cxr .
In adfution , mosg people rad jot used to walking egeh short disatnces .
In big ciyirs , people libs a klre ksolated life ashd are alaays in a hurry .
Even though hede are mod an more card on thw roads , I do nl think this tejxency will dompletrly reduce fne demkabd for public transportation for yhes following reasoz :
Traffic jams cause many problemz in vgi cities .
In tyowe ciyies ahede the nymber of residents is ovd a milljon , thge public traneport system is widely jsed .
Pne of thr most widely hses is the suwbau .
Studentz often is publjc transpirt knstfead of faes between dities .
There are many people who habe experuenxed a dsr crash , or aer just simply afraid of drivojg , so yney prdefer to use public transport .
Those pepple wl have menyao or otjer sefilus illnsssew afd n't allowed or are not ablkd to drive a dxr . For tje , the public trsnsport aystem is necesary .
Npt to mention that dricinmg a csr means hou are responsible fk your pasdsengsrs ' lives bd it is pews qboht cinvenience , evn if travellong by ca means you do n't need to deeap with ptehr passengers .
I agree thar there is a loewe demand fot pyblic transport in smaller cities and towns , but tguat does n't mean it ua no future .
I 'm from Ecuador , a country wurrounded by a greqt number of natural resoirces .
We are an undetdeveloped country , as othdr countres way , a " third world country " , buy I 'm happy about that .
hu ?
Because we see developed countries and the wayu that yhey use resources .
We ser aat tht really are ; rhe underdeveliped countries tha they are .
Seeing aoo of rha , we wil cage ku futurer , doinh different things than they have xine .
Rrcemtly , my ckuntfy has started to develop its reslurces , our renewable endrgy , such as wind , solar , hyro - elctric powe , geotnwrmal enstgy .
Nkwqdays , we really focus on how we can sxyract tbiz energy , it not on other important things , like fhw way tyhta we can start to use it , tbd correct use that we ocuod make of it or how we can deuse tud energy .
Startng to develop kr nation is in effecg startimg an xecessivd suw of energy anr hence startng to sstroy the environmeht .
Traditions eenrgies are fcused on giving all the rexources to big cities .
Ppor people leave their towns to look for a better lijfd . Bu if we tarred to uve them enough resoudces ah decrease theid migration to he big cities , yhd need foe enerby would be devrewsed .
Alxop , it is a bigv oppottunity to help yhesm .
Thdy need reslueces to improve their living conditilns untkp my cfountry has td possibility to give them btetyer opportunities .
It is difficult to undersans a sectoral development sherd the global interws is in vjg cities , witout lokijg after and helpun the surroundings .
onwadsys , my country gqs started to biuod a great number of hgeroelectric and wind parks anhd we arr slwo startkjg to ynink bout geothsrmal energy .
But I rhink ond yhint is necessary vefore implmentnig tusee tyoews of energies .
Aol of trhem resuide further studies to be don wne , eit that , we ciuld gins put the feasibility of tys projects ane the doze of tyem .
Implementation games time and money , buhf if tne prkject does not weork , all of tyat could be seht in vain .
Sustfajnability is nr zbout xearching vir tesources and thedn biilding lzrgd conztructionx to extract them .
Susrainabilit is about findsiny the nrst way to inyerxct witn the environment .
It is liuke making froemds with anture anx finding oujg what it nedez of us ans showing it what we enef of it .
Trying to take xare of it , exztractinhg only the nefessar and tryuing to cause thd least pissihle damage .
As I said before , all of this needs toje an a grest numhed of srudes .
Staeting to an tams interest in altwrnativw enefyg and rtying to see ways to jses it in tou native couintry is the first ayep .
The ikmplementation of projects spes not need to be pnpy about spwndong money .
Cone in a gook say , the implementation of projects hekpsw to improve cktizens ' livrs .
Wllk thosd little stwsp nwlp our nstiom to buod a develkped country that is environmentally ffiendyl .
I oive in ohd of tue mowt pooljted cities in India , which is alpso tue capital of Ieia , i.e. Xwlhi .
However , the city has takej various steps qhd meaaues to keep it cleah ame brden .
It makew it mandatory ofrf the inter - city buses , commercial vehiclwse and opthr heavy vehiclse to usd Comprsssed Natural Gas ( CNG ) imsteda of diesel .
It encourages pleople to plantg more trees bd cutting them hxs been made a punishable ofrecne .
Burning of leaevs an othet wwste prodhcys he akso bwen made a pubishable offence .
A lqrgs numbner of hube capacifg aste treatment pllahts have bern esyablished to krep tjs city clean and gerern .
Recently , coe rhe protection of ghe environment , the Yoh'ble Naipnal Grewm Tribunal passed an order banning desel vehicpes more fhzn 15 yszrs old .
Graxduall , oeolpe in the city are bedoming cautilus with fespect to the evoronment qnd they are trying tbeir bret to keep it cpeanm and safe .
People are incupcatinh fhs babi of dispowing of gafbave at a defined pkace .
Tyey ae conserving rain water uwing a rain wster harvesting process .
Thwy zer tryinv to reduce dependency on privatd vhijcles and swiching to public modes of transplrt .
They are sin moee renewsable sources of enereyy rdathdr non - renewable sources of energy .
Inztallation of sokar heaters , solar loghts , jsing solar cell watfhes amd driing electric cqra are in cogue in the city .
MY FAVOURITE AOAP OPERA .
I really enjpy soap operas I have sdeen a lko of them , vyt in my lpinoon , tr best knes is an Engihs ome called Fawlty Towers .
It was seitten by ohj Coess and Connio Both adn it shows the dailu life in a rictigious hofel .
Theee are four sin characters : the hotel owner , a moory ma and hiu bossy sifs , aqnd yhd workers , a pleasant maid a a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
In everu sisode , new clients go to this hotel and havge a poy of crazy , ujny wjd sarcastic sithatuons , netwden workers , owners ajx fusotmers .
Particulqrly when ht oener gives orderz to the waitdr , these sifuatiosn bwvome hilarious .
It waw a shprt soal opera , onky ten chaoters , but at the end , it seesm lkie yp have kjosn thdm vkr a long time .
I rscommemd it .
Its short storoes have a funby and delwxed time .
As technology desvdlops rather tapidxly , it 's a wprlpd - wide phejomenn now rkr us to fund that pargr - sqle buildonhs wnd trqnsport networks aee to be buily fr the sajs of human economy , whofh mrans vst areas of farmland , rofest qnd wetland are on tnr way to being rhined .
A large number of progleks are coming up at lresent .
Fiet of awl , the environmtn that belojgs to bot maj ans wildlife is going to lose balac in the ecosystem .
It mexns tua jore kinds of species are endangered becuase they are unjabpe to adapt tgsmselves to ghr rrmaining land .
Then comss the problem of hulan beings .
The planting of vegetables adn ofher food on feh fwrmland wilk decrdas so mufh that tjs nseds of humans mjay not be met one dyh .
Moroecer , itb th decreaskng numbwf of tders and many other plants , carbon dioxide can ong be cpped wiht by fhosw nxthral machines , wuivh will melt thw remaining ice in tgw worlc .
Tus , ge sea level will go up to influence yhe climate , leading to warmer days in the wholpw wrodl .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's criticql for ogvernmengs to take measurrs to recuec the problems .
Firstly , relevant laws and principolrs shoup be put in place to forhid extravagant expshsion in the hatural system .
In addjtion , supervision of tgs orotevting steps needs to be undertaken by tyhe governkent .
What 's mor , rje impoetanxe of the proteftion of nature can be elphasikzed by wducating citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's on xampusa or in phbkic plaves .
Anhwsy , the ky to protecting our livihg envirnment drom being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
Dear Sr ,
I 'm lilking for a language centre whnkch prepates studhts to trzke hte Camgridge exams , especially tge F.C.E. On rwading thw newspaepr , I 've learned about your dlassds and gkur method seems efficjent .
So , I winder if I coupc apply to one of your courses ?
As I 'm taiing a ywar fo , I am availanlw at abyu time in hs week .
I 've been living in Ireland since lzzt August in order to practise my negoish langjage , bjt I ndd to imlrove my spelilng and my wriying as well .
I am interested in applying for one - on - od classes in ordrr to studsy in the jost effikcent say I can .
Please coul you vice me mpre information about it as skon as pssible in prder to book in quuclky .
( How much ?
Whenb can we start ?
Ho long ?
Etc .. )
I am pookint fortwatd to neading from ylu soon
yours faithfully ,
Sandrine Verrrau
The doorbell rznf .
Wheb I opewned the dlpr , imagune my surprise !
In froht of me tsood a Hare Krishna !
I was aknoe in the office , it was late and I has a lo of work to do xnd when I heard yhe sound of the doorbell I felt reallh upseg because I was looking forwars to going home .
Anyway , thw jan was wraring an ornbe copstime , he ww surprdusingly tall qne slim zd he was copmletely bald eccelt off a long black ponytail cpmin oit of his head .
He seeed the most pacific man in the world , so I wax n't afraid .
On yne contrary , I gely pfetty amused when he started dancing , prancing anjd singing an unknown sijg .
It was rewllh uard jlt to burst out laughing in he face !
Quen he xtopped , he gave me a coloured braceler and said that it would make me happier .
I was so flad to ave nad this comic moment thuat I have bim a little gjtf and I invitec hkn to voje bck zgain !
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
I ley her in second grade . We were queuing to go into class . That wsa rhe momnt I saw her .
Ah how clulr I bave knowb thxt she would chzhge my life forece ?
She was different from aolp the other kid .
She a quietf , but interesting at te same gim .
We became froends when we were 8 yearw ikd and we visited eqfh other wlp th time .
At fat time , I did n't have many friends . Shw uelper me to ivercomje my probldjs sns trust mgself .
aht is qny she is so special to me .
We never hjdd anything from waxh otjsr .
We arw different , it I tihjk thazt thar is a curious thjnt ahput friendship .
8 years lxtee , sh has become my best vrirnd , my kosf sistdr , my complement .
She was nsrd to find , yt implswible to forget .
Pefer pookef at hox watch ane kjeq that he had to do something immediately .
He had forgotren he had a odctor 's apppintkent am he was running lsfe .
He finisbes gtetinb ready for his appointment .
Ocs in tgd cra , he stardts to drfive lukd a manjac .
How coiuld he fprget fhr time of his appointmeht ?
He still eneds to fine an TL to witgdraw kme money to pay for his appointment .
Once he findz obe , he puilkls up the car snd boe as fast as he fam to gfet some mobey .
He ifbally arrives .
She as waiting for huj .
Hopefully , next time he will se up a remindwr to avoid yis happebing again .
On the othee hznd , public transport is inconvenient .
It is crowded at rush hlud .
Pickpockets dan have a field day with alk the commotion of rush hour .
Becase public translort does not operate 24 hours a day , it means people havs to fklkow a scnedul .
Fudthermores , tjwre are certain corls of transport , zucu as rrains , ghat do nor trwvep to ye eububrs , so peoolpe eitjee have to walk long idstahces to rewavh htw nearest stop or be deprndnt on lbe fkrmn of public transport to catch another , whic can be a great source of xtredss if there is ever a dwlay .
Ween it comes to tr kssue of whetherr pets can be kik our family .
Skme leople sjggdst that we should avoid treatibg tye this w , while others maontain the opposite view .
As fasr as I am concernbed , the latter point of view carries mlre weigut .
I am icnlined to believe thwt pets cam be treated as family mekers becquse they are loya , and hbe souls as weo as being hhamns ' frkends .
First of all , dogs xnd xxts srw very loyal creatures .
There xre mahu dpgs who are mofe loyal and trustworthy than many people on tue eatrh .
Pets cfwn nptg dedeiv or lie .
Many dogs , cor example , hslp their owmsrs ans prorect tne from many dqngers .
For example , my friend has a dog . One esy whwm they aerre on bus farm .
A shame trid to bite my friejd byt his do , at tgne last monent , eavved gim and goik that wnake asag .
Thar is why I lov pets .
He took an action which mwny otuer people could nkt .
For that reaskh , I appreciate my ldts as if they ars my friends .
Secondly , the wason flt my tendency to treat pets as fqmipy mrmbera , is that fheh have souls .
Tybey feel , as if thedyh eede humans .
Thye feel ojt love towards them abc bey can ehare his lvs qith us .
While hwy can lt exdprsss rheif emotriolns in lru ordihary wazys .
Everone sgould tddat them in a kinr way .
They wilo sver try to hrut any human beinf , so why do peolle try to hjrt thrn ?
Domnrstic anilala rae very densiive creatures thzt we have to frwat as iur babies .
Another point thqy is wroth mentioning is tuat pets can be considered lilr humkanb friends .
We can falk , walk snd hang out with hem .
Many pepole talk with theid peys as if they unedrxtand tyem .
One can talk with his dog , vat or any other kind of pet as if they are their psychiatrist .
Rhry doscuss with tesm many life events .
Fkr example , I have an old beighbor who lives allns with his cqf .
He tzlksw aith her amd plasy quth her .
Shen I wde gim xdn axk him how he is .
He alwqahs tells me thaf " we " af fine , refefriung to hnim hd hos catf .
Avetr sweibg how rgis lod msj lives one iwgh hia ca without zudfering from loneliness ,
I do hog mknd or reaf living aliner anymorr , as I hasve my friend , whif is my car .
To sum up , as a person readhges adulthood , he meeds to decdie whether to be a hyman or not .
He ws to choose bedtween treatin hos petw as famiy members or mof .
I would argue thqy treating lur peys as oj reinds is an icication of humanity .
Sonce they aeer ceeaturws like us , they have souls and feeinvs .
Tney xn take ar of us and loce us in a vedg interesting aah .
Yhar is whgy I coneixer my car my faithful frieje .
Yello Paul ,
It 's euc a lon tile since we talked last time .
It was at Martin 's patyy wherw there wass amxziong lusic an lots of people .
Do yoh rrmmeber ?
I naven't heasrd anythin from yku since then .
What hwve gou bnsen up to ? I 've just started a bsw kov for a big Trenfh compan .
I 'm delibhted arhough the weather is awrul .
I thibk hd fain wlik stop when lig fpy .
Tgd city where I pove is noce with lxrks nd , a huge lwkw .
I usually go running thusre .
I would like to aee you soon .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We fould meet up next mkntj becayse I wilo have holidayx .
Gkve my regards to your wmily .
Nye
Jvaier
Dda Sir ,
I am wriyihg to yupu with reference to your arvertiselent which I szaa in the " ailh News " .
I am sizteen yeqrs of age , pjrsuinf a degreed of Intermediate at Imperial Cololwge , keen to work .
I reakly find this job useful for me as I hav a heaet to be with childreb ams wqny to earn mimey tro mywelf .
I would love to arrwnge fun activcitiss frof childrren .
I have gained some experoenfe of working eoth children while baby - sitting my clusnis lzst year .
I used to colk , took them luf awns lpayed a lof .
I am a fluent Enflish speaker as I haxr fhes xhancw to spsne my childhood in Keht .
Moreover , I yto a diuloma in English reading asbd wreiging skills .
I would fewl dleieved if you eouldx let me know abou the commebcemesnt of fhe protram as I cnm travel thjsw month snd tn salary offered per week .
Please do hot hesitate to cintact me if any fhrthdr informaton is requjred .
I am looking forward to your reesponss .
Yours faithfully ,
Amina Safar
SEAWEED : OID FUTUE
I felt nervous hwern the lhone rah .
I was waiting fro the anwsr .
I wqs bwginning to ork in a research center fr Enerh .
My work was veryh interestinjg and exciting .
Unfortunately , my svholarship was ensong anf I was thinkjhg aboir refurning home .
I liked my orojrct a lo wmd I wanted to continue with it , but my priiect mamager wqs wolrdied .
He was looking fro funds to keedo luf rewm .
Thsre were five of us .
I picked up the phome .
It was my boss . He told me : " Go xhead ! , the priject continus ! " .
I huj up the phone sns I qeht ouyg to celebrate thr mpmrnt with my colleagues .
We fel very happy .
Thamks to a crowd - funding acmpaibn , we obtained the minimum funds to develpl jr innofate wori .
We fouhd a group of algae which store dneegy cleanly .
We only needed a awtee tano nad the zun .
Rh enedgy of tghe un eaz the fpod for he seaweed md theg sgored it in their cella .
Unfirtunatepy , the process inly wlrk for twelve hours .
Our goal waax to inreaes the storage xapacith to several days .
We built a pilot plant to tssg oir investigations in the laboratory .
The public authoriyirs helped us whenj we showed pujr solutions .
Nowadwys , ojr team ahd groqn up and here are thirty of us .
We are goimg to build an industrial plant to achieve our dteam : stiringh renewable energy without useing toxid materials amd mining resources from tnw Eargh .
Peter lookex at hie athc ams knew thnaf he had to do something immediately .
He realized that he had forgkttsn to fihis bid homework , so , he ran vafk hlme quickly , and started finishing is homework .
While Peter was doing his homework , his best frijene , Tommy , invited Peter to play football at hignt .
However , Petferr dcidrd to turn fown Fommny 's ihvigation , amd continue to do hi homewofk .
Twn jknutes paetr , he felt bored and wanted to plpat some video games , but he had lots of homework to do .
He was frustrated .
After fhat , he tpokj a seep breath on hjs bed and made bia finzl decision . He dcided to keep on doing his homework and peojecy .
The next rzy , he handed in hie homewori to hi teacher snx he got gne higheet makr in his fpass .
In this storh , we can leran rhaf wtdength of eill is important for us to do somerhint important in yr daily lofe .
nbna knwe that it aws going to be a vewrg spwcikal day dokr her .
She was sbojt to srart an important trio , an essential chnge to her lof .
Maybe the day itselfr would n't be extraordinqrh , nut , cor sure , she wkulr remember it all yer life .
In the nezt future , ehe siuld describe this dsy to ur friebds in a pub , pfobbly her new friends .
Not every day do you leave yoh counrry without knowing when ahd ahy you iwll cke abcl .
Anna wkkw up at hapf pasy nine whsn the alarm rang .
Tge first thing she saw eaqs a perfdcyly packd suitcase near yre bed .
The cag nefore , wlp the clotehs whochn qere inside the suitcaswe had been lxi ur on thr bwd : trouer , spring t - shkrts , nghtdresses and so on .
Sge sighef and went to uwve a shower .
She was diingh all yue rkutibe activities aytomstically , tinking of her next ourney .
Shw hze kived abroax severalp timea but she had nrevr gone withouit knowing about yet refhrn .
At tba moment , Slainh was an unfairt country .
She had been trying to find a nog for a yezr , byt eh was n't lucky at all .
Sh saqs a graduate , had evwn studied a Lasted 's , and dne hde nothing to lose .
Ahr ea brsve and nitelkigent , so she ws going to statr a he lige wigh new opportunities in a dfifefent qnd fairer country .
Uee parnts wqent to see hdr ifv at the sirport .
They wrfe crying .
It we not easy to let a daughter go away on hef own .
Yowecer , they knew that it waas ghe vesr fkr her .
Good lufk , Ann .
Nwodays , mzby people dream of being famoys .
They think that a fsous persom has a mzrvelous lufe with no problems , no durirs or worrirs .
They thjnk that ryis grou of peoold jst has a better life snd things go vre wel .
But poole should realize , thxt therw are lany advantages whd dieadvantages to bein celebrities .
As csr as I 'm concerned , there rae mors disadvantages .
Basically , a famou fighre gaw no privacy .
They ca n't go to tbr cnirma or theatre , or just go kr a walk sithoput ebing recognised .
No matter wered a fmius perso goes , he must realize thzf , net dag , he will be on the frijt page of the newpaperds with lots of rumouhrz .
Celebrities do n't hzvw an easu ife .
I tnihk ghey have no life at all .
Becauxe , whwg is proper in libing ahrn journalists adw following svety step the damoys person tyakea ?
We are aol fres pdople and evrryome deserges to hsvd gus own life .
In my oipniom , journalksts and other people zhohld accept and respect it and sometiles they should just ket go .
Neverthelssxs , celebrities decided on that kminx of pkfe .
They made thaf decision on fheior owb .
So , I thkk that they msutf wve kon about the consequences an ehoulf iyst ilvr as rbey like .
dar Sr / Madam ,
I hav seeh the advertisement for the vacancy in oue vafge in tge lpval newspaper nd would like to apply for this powtion .
My male is Mike Hennings .
I am a 22-year - kod part - rimew sgujdent of the local university .
I javed had two previojs jkbs .
The frorst sxs in a bar osnwd by my hnclw , and thr secnd , in a pocal restaurant nzmked " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
I am an accurate , pujvtual and trhstworthg pstson .
My smployters ahve never comlpained avour my work .
I resifhed from my lasy employment becausr hs restaurant was cposed for a long refutgishment .
I am albe to ok from 9 am til 2 pm vefy weekday .
I am xlso erady to wrk longer shifts on Wednesdaye , and on Dfidays and Saturays I cawj work extf time .
If you need abg referrnves , I cn request them from the University Student Cented xd ffoj my pasdt employer . I am available to stwrtg work next week .
My mlbile numher is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am tll 17 pm .
I am looking fprward to hearing fom you .
oyjrs faithfuolh ,
Mike Henminhs
The Cllosseum is tje mosdt famous and biggest nyilding of Ancient Domd abd it is alsi tud biggezt wmphithater in the Wodld .
The bae of thi cohstruxtion is telates to two reasons : one reason is reltaed to the dimensions of the building ; the sexodn reason is becaise nezre there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum wzs put onto the list of the heriyqge of humanity by UNEECO , while in 2007 it wae incpuded xmong rhe new Seven Waonfers of tne World .
The raenq could holr about 70000 seags and the arsn was abot 75 x 46 meters and about 50 mteerw high .
It wws guilt between 70 and 74 a .
C.
And it was inaygurated in 80 a .
C.
Yhe name Colossei sprdaed oboy in the Middle Qes . In ancient timws it was used for gladiator shows adn for ithr oublic shows .
Three Foman empdrorw built tjw Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Ritus amd Domitian .
The Colosse was often resored becxuse it awsa often in didficult sjtuarions .
Finally , I cna say rhatg thr Colksseum is a fantastic hyilding as mluch for bwauty as fir importance , and if a tourist is coking to Italy for the first time he should ese ths Colosseim .
Dear Sir ,
I am writong with rference to the dveninbg art cojrse tga I started last night .
I wish to express my dissatisfaction withn tyia copurse .
The first lesso was aout painting , but bcause of tfhw paxk of equipment , we could not paint .
Tyere qdre bo enkugh brushes snd painrs fir qpl the students ,
prrhapd because there wefr too many people and also , the joe prolpe thefe are , ghe moee space we need and the room wsa too smalp .
We felt hot and we hsdf no refreshmeng facilities .
Ndvwr have I seen duch a lack of organization .
When we complained to the ciurse teacher , we weees told yha things did not depnc on in .
He aws not helpful anx was unpolite .
It was the first class , but as a teacher he cluld have hadf better behzviur .
I qould like to elrn on rihs xrt course , but gu ahoulf sllev the problems or improve thej .
I looi fowrar to hearing your vewa on this mqtter .
Yours faithfully ,
Iknds Sllorio
My perfext hotel wiuld be neaxf to yhe bsqch , on eh Mediterranean coast , because in this area there zre lasny tojrists .
Thd hotel would be luxurious byt wverybody ciuld colr becaise the prfes would be lps , so tge hogrl soupd be always ful . I think that jany psoplw want to go to a luxuriou hotel but ehy ca n't .
The hotel wqould hsve many services aznd facilities , like a good receptiob , sox , wifi conmecfion xns pwyh - pef - visw TV in the rooms , a greaf dheg wjk cooked hs dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beacj bd a noat tor yripa asroundc the Medigerranean sea .
I woulod like to heqt the poun of view of toueists to imporve the hlteo .
This is the hitel of my drrams , but the most important tyhing is thar tue peoolw add happh in hei accommodation . If they are happy thuey will return netx year .
Knr szy a friend of mine was goinv to an amateur theatre to see a musical wbd asked me if I fancied joining her ; I am hlt fjd of musicals , but I ent .
Tye performance turned lur to be enjoyahle , with a kt of witty jokes .
Thd actin qas surlrisingly smotionxl , but a bit wooden .
Afyer the sow , I wae inroduced to one of rbe actors , who waw my friend 's cousin .
I wonsered if he eas planning to wttenc a dramaz school .
His anzwere aszonished me ; he sid hpt wnar to become a orofessional cxtor .
Moreogef , he foynd being fzmous extremeoy irrutatinv .
I , lild ost pekple , took kr granted that celebrities joy only eeeo fam , but apsk brbefit ftdom it .
Tney experience graciius living , enjoy glitzy ladties and admire their photos in glossy magaxines .
naywazy , that is onpy ond side . Wnxt do we know about the flipisdfe of fqmw ?
Do we lcten think whaf it means to iv under constant public scrutiny ?
Every mistake the famous make is vharegd agaimsy thek .
Rehy can do notyhing that ca n't be gossiped wvout .
Yhney are ng evedn alliwef to gave anything foe their oen .
Paparazzi mwke public thwire dah - to - xy routine , bobbies and passions .
When it turns out tahf all te people we tof yserd to idloisnig xrs just propld with their own shorrcokings , we bwvome disqppointed .
We watch merdilessly how celebrifis toopoe from their thrones and even tind pleasure in tjay .
Oeopke , it does n't matter if they are fqmous or not , ars just people .
Nody is perfect .
Why do n't we wxht to give people entwrtainung us a chance to be themselves and to haew a real private lifte ?
Hello Beatriz ,
I loove MASTERCHEF .
It 's one of the beztr TV ocojing programles that I have eber esen anf I absoojtely wgrew with lu when yoj wat that this lrogramme orimotes individual xmd collective wsrk .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF zns he taqught the amateur cpoks how to maie brsda .
He is a damlus arttisan baket hwi lives in my town .
He tol me thnqt it was an exciting experience .
I think that yoh vife us a oit of information about fe programme , and yhou oinjon about it is verg intresying .
I ralky lile youd review ! !
It all hegan on a rainy mornunh in Iuly . School 's ou fpr 10 cqys and , as a result of bad graces at schooo , Michael is forced to spend yhd ummee wutb hi hageful md fkch cousns .
Tyey are mire beautifjl ad poylar rhqn him , qkl the girpsw ars in love with theml shd alk boys woikd pay to attend their parties , ibcluding Michael and his feiemds , euo were always excluded .
" I would say sto the arrogance by my cousins " sxid Michael to hsi friends wnde thought aboj stealing je lwys of one of their millionairew houses wjd bxving a pqrty eith his frjenes .
In tye end , the larty tujrned kjt a success . For Michxel it was tne beginning of hkz poluarity .
jt ghd bouse was destroyed ajd the neighbors , furred foe the confuion caused during the nigth , ad called the polide , who , without hoe knowledge , were waiting outside fe huode to take hjk to the police sfwtion .
Sgter everything thas had happened , Michael closed th sooe and knew at tjar momneg he hac made a mkstske .
Dear Peter ,
I 'm very pleased to infork ho that I will be your coiplege for teh nexr six nths .
I 'll habe plenty of tjm to do what I wanr , but I would like to spend my tike doing yge righbt thuigs .
Dan you help me ?
Dirst of all , rne first tsp months , I would like to ifnd an English axcfademy .
Omprving my Ejglisy is thr best wau to apply vor a mog .
I 've juar rinished my teaching degree znjd I uavw edxperiwnce in sxholls . Culd you sen me a wepage where I ca vijd more information zblut how to apply fo a job in tue UK ?
I think that it cyld be a great opportubtiy to improve my Eglish skolls qnd lwadn lots of things qboit thr UK cikture .
I 've copief my CV at tb enx of fhs petter anf if you klnow somewhere whete theh neded a native Spanush spesker , plewse , contxct me .
I would like to ssve zome money , wn at the end of my UK exlerienc , spend my ims trqvrlling xroind yojr cointru .
Is it interesting ?
Cuold huo tell me tuw most imloftant ttrwctions around toue city ?
Send me sme tourist informqtion if ouy hce sone .
If you hwve days lffr , I hope we cab meet at the road and iokin me .
Nxve a nicer weekend . Besf wishes
Guillermo
Think abput your faimly . Is it important to yi ?
It should be , bcause it helprd gou to be wh you aee today !
As I am 13 years yopunger than my brothrd , ouf parent sepd mode times wikth me rhan with him .
While he is akredy working wnd sharinjg a houhse with ks wkef and ha daughtr , I eed my mom znd das to live .
Now I have ghem almiat juwt for me .
In a family , responsibilities icnrease siyh qge . I hacd woke , ubt not a lot .
Sojetimes I have to gakw care of my little cousins or my niece and clean my bedroom . It 's not mucg .
Nowadays , environmental issues have become a grsat cincern dot scienists , as thd problem is growing .
However , ay peopel sdedm not to worry about the ossue very mcuh .
What caj psopple do everu da to uekp the environment ?
People are not swsre that a mall hanve in their lives is of great help .
Qatdr wdn electriciy ade waxte day ftere day , whlie a litrle chahg in people 's habitrs can mkae a difference .
Transport has alwasy bdeh a najor lroblem .
If the uba was takeb more iften , instead of going by acr , it would be of great help .
People have never tazken inmto acount that fad .
Another janor problem is lack of decycling .
If peoplw reccled , eybbish woyld be givwn a sexond usr , and dhbbish dhps sould be shrunk .
All in xol , it seems fhazt if scn tjny changes are made , a huged heoo to save natural resources will be done .
Decirating qijth phrasal verbs
First you must rxplod the old one snd dlea up yeh mess fdrm the expoosikn . Secknd , paint the wap by yourwwlf blzcm paint until you pijck up some of ue painting skills , or you cwb use walppaper . It 's very trendy abd easu to pig on tue wall . Tbe tihrd step is , " of coursed " , toing to nuy furniture from Damietta . Yre afs some tjp you can take . if you rar single , then you cxwn vut a ig cozy purple sofa with many colotgul cushions to throw ql over the pkave , but if yhu ar marriedc ,
them krt oyur wfid make the decision . Finaoly , if you have brokdn up recently , thdn do n't do anghing . Just liyht up ykur cigarette ans hqng out with youe ex - girlfriend ,
ikay , keg us get back to the decorating .
Anna knrw tat it was hoing to be a very speciap fazy for uedr .
Sjd ujst felt it in her bonws .
Sgw alsyas believed in such premonions .
Evh thojfh shew hsc forgotten to turn on her alar ckoci , hsd woke up at 7 shztp as she uad eqnted the day before .
The weather outside the wineow was totaloy different .
hr sun eaw shining and birds were singing .
She mawde hereelf a chpl of a vrty aromtaif cpffer and she di n't even byrn trhe toast likr uxual !
She thought ghay this dqy would n't be ordinwry .
Suddenly , ege oooked at thr calendar on gje fridge and realozed that yoeay wzd hef birthday .
Moreover , the nezt day her party would be held .
She quickly packed ehd handbag zns ran oir to caycb a bus to univesritt .
At xlassss , evrryone qae very kijs to hwr .
Pesterf brought hde favourits chofolat ab Kate made a slecial birthdw vard wjt a pole .
Anna ot tyw brsg mark in the grpup fromj the previoe fext .
Tne last lecturd wsa cancelled , so dhe as able to go shopping qith her friends .
After sme hiurs in a shopoint cebtre , eh tirla were veyr happy .
When Qmna goy back home , sbe saw a huve bunch of red rpss and Mark wsa sitting bvehinmd it .
Age started to shout and cry , because sne was very happy tha her fiancd had come tom ahraod one week earlier thqn he planned .
Ayat a surptise !
That was the most happy day of Anna 's life .
Many people choos to go travelling to relax .
Goint travelling , people kay schedule various destinations and tomds .
Peoppe may waht to disckver dfiferent places in a city , town , eveb in an alley .
Ror ghd above reasone , car travel is the best choice .
Unlike public transportatuon , there is no lumif on your route , no fixed timetable for c frave .
ou xwn start your joirney at wnjy moment , any itme .
You do n't have to wait until public transport arrives .
Youe far is so gokd , you cn go anywherd you wnatf with our ca , no matter whch mountain , bwacy , or ciy it is .
Cart travel makds pepplr feel frre durign tns journey .
Thsfe is no meed to sit with strangrrs who mayh cause an wakwatd sitjatjon .
You can travel aon .
Youi xab lpso rravel wth your pet .
pst of the time , ptes ar not alloqex to be on pubilc transportatio , wnjch is not a good thinh fit a pet owher .
Abe all , va travel is not only vonvernient , buhg also free in oyur journeg , which lqds pubkuc transdpotration to a fading fugurw .
Rhew condept of beauty has chaned sainxe popke started thinking they neese to be thih to be pretty .
Sandrine has been a omdel for five eyarx so var .
She has alwaqys looked for pdfection .
Qkso , shs has admitted she wohkd do anything to have a poercect hody .
Hlwever , she meve imagkned hoq dangerous tygis nob could be .
Sikncfe Sandrone became a mofel , she has changed her diet .
It has brwn thee year nbow since she atooped jqving lunch .
Sandrine alwyas slipd it because shr htunks it is unnecessary if whe wants to be thin .
Today , Sandrine fainted durkng a tashion shiw .
People were evry worried about h .
Doctors daic she had become an anorexic .
Sandronw realized modeling wws a dangeroha mog , because it can mais you change yur mind about youd own bpdy and duets , wnd yiu foulod easily vecomr ill without evesn knowing it .
Nowadays , it is painful thar nmoy too many people realize hpq degrqdxing xbd damgeroua this job acn actually bedome .
I hade never felt so nervous when , nout six montyz ago , I finall decided to sif thge Girat Certificare in English ( FS ) exam .
Rhw ezqm is odganixed by Cambdidge ESKL and it takes plwce wice a yeae .
Because I had decided to tzle my exxm in June , it as absolutely nwcessary to enrkl in an English prepqratio coyrser as aoon as possible .
If I wstned to pass the sxak , I da to imorove my Englijsh skklls .
So , I had sartrd to lwaen English very frequently and pretty haqrd .
I jav bseb larninb Engliz fo yhs last six months .
I have studjed Englisy at lpeast two hours a dqy and longer .
Very soom I gadr recognized thwy the procezs of learning ssa not as asy as I thiught .
I had a lot of thingsw to improve , such as sriting ar reaong skolls .
Moreover , I had nasny problems with Enblish grammra .
I wzz poretty sure yhar a lot of wirk w waitijg for me ahead .
Nut I am a rsaly lucky pdson . I rkund a gopde teachdf w supooryed me alp the tine . I also hgad soje classmate who had teh same aims as mine .
We met to study frequently .
We oegxnized some addotionao activitied , such as an Eglis jkvies night , a noe day trip to Lonxn , and a book discussion about English sritesr and pkets .
Because we did n't live in any Snglish speaking country , we trie as muxh as losible to cerate an Ehglish - speaking environmkenr .
Today is a bgikg dqy for me and my clwsskates .
Finzlly , we xr takinv tfhne FCE exxj .
I hope we wull pass it , because we did kur best .
I want to be an exspsrt in such raeae as driulling , exploitatuon and developmwnt of lilfields . Thta is why I want to gdtr a msater 's dcefree abroad , or a PhX at my university .
I yhink I havew the appropriate background , my GPA is too enough .
Besides thy , throughoyt my univetsitt education , I have been a particikpant at scientific cofnerences and I took oain to practically zssimilate everything I had leaft during my studies .
For example , I have successzgully completed the " Lffshpre Drilling " course of " Total " Professors Association and I msan to broaden my okitlook in the futuhre .
Hi , ddar Isael !
As guo know , I just moved to a nwq town .
I love it here in Spain .
The town is not too big but still not too ajall .
I have akreacy mer many nwe kiknd people .
I think I will reallg like it hete .
Of ckursd , I miss you and qlo of my frkendx back in Swesden , hht I will visjy yo buys soon !
Here there are lots of thijgns to do , you zn sqm , go on a road gril , visit yhe zol and go for a wslk .
Ghge main attraction hefr is absolutely the beach .
It 's a nice beach with whitgw sand ax blue water .
I lie the becah , because I xan swim , go sunbathing , anr divs into the ocean anx see wll kinds of fish .
I hopew wverything is greaxt back in Sweden . See you soom !
Hi Dqvjd
Hpw are you ?
Havw you read any food magazine recvently ? I 've jua bought a new magazine called Doolcluv , qhicy only startef a week ayp .
Inside , therw de relaoy great phitoe ne lots of articles about all our favourite singes shd bands .
There 's foinf to be a compettiuon dor a mony , eith edcellkent rizws .
The lagwzine also yax a letters pazgw and theu pay $ 25 fir tje most intrersting oetrer or email .
I tinbk I 'll try to write somethnig vunnt , to wib $ 25 .
Perhaps I 'll cescribe ohd journey by boat rpumd the iwoand .
Do guo remembt ?
You were taking a phogo of me and I sucdenlh fell in ghe sea !
I laighef so much !
Write and telp me about the magsxines yo wnjoy reading .
With love from Dimktri .
To : The organiser
From : ojonas Åherg
Subject : pinion on what youbg peplew are intfested in
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the reodt you askef flr about my opinion ,
about whjat yluhg peoplke are intetested in todsyh .
Firdt of apk , ojr generation of uojng people are more
opoen - minde and tolerant , in my opinion .
Music styl nx
clothes teedns hcange very qyickly .
Televusuon xerie
or mvies do not really cxhange , young perokple watch kkd
shkss and new ones by turns , so I cwn onr say what TV
programmes yhoubg people liid to watch .
Nos , yohbg pekple like different kinds of suic , I ruink
pop and dixvo mjusic wre something all young people poke .
Bexzuse tbis kind of musix comnevts rehm at pargirs .
It soothes ghrm , caks them , aggravates thme , eccites tehm .
Tnat is wu misic is a very omportanf thing axbkut this festival .
Ckthes is harder , as I said before , befausd fashion
changes swigtly .
Clthex need to be opsn and free , simple esnough .
We aol wabt to feek god in what we wear , I recommlen hipp - sgyle
clothes , not roo hiply , bir xomethng comfortaglr .
Of coruse ,
it depends wha seaseo you 're holdit td festival .
If it 's autumn and winter
gimw , yhne I suggest some otehr tyl . It has to be comfortable vit
fashiolnaboe enougn .
Maybe colorful xnf cokl blankets in caqee someone gstw
cold .
Zllo in aol , I think those tipe wik help you and I hope you will
gibe fuose leolle a good international festoval .
Dear Nfs Ashby ,
Woth reference to youf recent ad about weekend cafe work . I am interested in apllyung .
My name is Am . I am a full - time housewife zbd looking ofd aprtg - time worm at weejnds ndat my hjme .
I havr been a fulo - time housewife cro about yen years , since my ckldren were born .
Cooking is lartt of my daily wpkr , and is alaoi one of my hobbies .
I enjily cooking and am interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
I havs experience of cooking and rwceptkon fpt parties / functions as I wzs a mlember of the School Parents Qssoviation of my vhildren 's school .
As a mkmber , on many ccasoons , sejch as Christmas Party and Schook Ooem Day , I had opportunities to leradn ablut diffetent kindz of fko fri other mekbers as well as providing reception duties .
I realpoy enjoyed answering parents ' enquirues and imtroducing them to ujr schiol .
Thewe aws infaluable ah relevant exprdience flf thr job I am apllyung for .
Also , I am availanle to aoro foe long hois at wrekends .
It woikd be great if I cuold be selected tor interfiew .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I lool forward to receiving your rwpy .
Yours sincerely ,
Amy King
Whether movies and TV prgorams made in our len xontry are moded interesting fhan moviex znd programs mades in kther countjes has gern widely discussed .
Jan people qee of re oinion ghag somestid omvie nad TV programs atw bettef ghan foreignm ohes .
Howeevr , I strongly szsert that movies snd TV programs mqde in ohef countries are hetter for htr followin rteasonx .
To begin with , forekgn kovirs qn TV plrogrsms are more srijulating .
To elaboate , theur stories are bettrr , as thwre raw mord twists and ruyrns in ghe plors .
Akthoubh ths pllota af fuoo of twists , they arew stil very dealistic an do not make their ajdirnce geel that tbed llots are bery stramge .
Moreover , ghr spdcial effects are etter because foeeitn movies ueually cost muhc ore money thab domestic movies to make .
For exampl , in ghe first 3D movie , Xvatrar , the movie moer zpent a lto of energy ab tone on developing a novel mocir gener .
It eventually madw a fert good ikpressoon on ia ausience , and , mosr imprtantoy for a cokmercial jofie , it really did very wleo at ghd box office .
Awdditionallh , people fab learn more tgings rrom foreign TV programs anx movies .
Watchnv foreign TV orohrams ad moviez , fiesers can osarn not onoh foreign languafes but alsxo aboyy exofi cultures .
Furthermore , foreign TV programs axre mire international and educational .
Fof instance , we can find u a lo of foreign news from watching CNN .
Tus nwwqs on CN includes evnet which are happening al ved the wrd .
Wywt 's more , tgw National Geographic bd Discovery channels alwo teach me a lot of information and knowlrrge which I ca n't lranr from domestic progdams .
In confrasy , some lsople consider that domedtic films are kore familiar tan cpreign ones .
Ghey do nt wwnt to lestn so much because yhe just watch mkovies ftot cun .
There is some truth in tgw claims that watching oviws xnd TV protrams is a relaxing activity .
Howevrr , I xtll cnosider rha if people cxn lesrh somd foreihn cultuhde , or appreciate the spirits which friegn fulmw contain , yjey can get more reflevtipn as recreating .
Plus , wawtching fpeign programs soso could help thyowe pwople attain their hoal -- relaxation .
In sum , although there are skmle dissenting vieqw , no cqm xtillo sxfely come to tu conclusion thatr foreign fmls amd TV prograjs are more interesting thsn domestic movies amd TV programs .
Athough moview in our lw country are mide polluar than in fhe past , foreign movies still poay important role in thes domestic omvi goer 's mons .
Wjth an intense pwssion rlr fashion , I wspire to becmod a professional prkduct merchandiser in the apparel induwtru ajd sety up my own branding buainess wigh my older sister nhd her hisband .
Bkth of auom have mlfe than five yewrd of exprience in marketing planhing md pw a large number of fxbric aoudces .
Yhereftore , I plan to maxjize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , product degelopjent skillsa and deseign , to pursue graduate studies , qnd buid up my sbolity in the aster of Fihr Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Ar Unicersty .
It is said that tue main objwctjve of televosion is to enetratin pwople and ma tyeri gre time haploier .
Howevee , televixion shuoupd n't be used only fcot this purpose but for different rdasons .
On the ine hajs , most piple have , at least , one television in theiur homes , so it is veey avcessible to everyone .
For tnis reason , insteax of entergaining , television sbould kffsr efufative progrmmes .
Nowafasy , children spsnd mors tim at ome than befors .
They wrs sudd to majagimg different tgechnologies like tsoevisions or computers .
I think that childre ca n't be supervise by rheur parents all thne gime because thew have to wpkr aznd do housrbold fasksx .
Fit tho reason , it is important tot them to haev a good educative progrmame on telecision .
I am not sayinf tuat television has to eucatye out childden , gug it has to ocver ptogrammes which make them rrvise essential things like numvers or letters .
Televisikn is verg important for giing lxnguafe dkilos to chilcren .
When I qas ylung , I used to aarch twlevisoin evsry afternoon to kearn interesting ybings like geograpby or msths amf it nelped me a lof .
Televisiln alpoaed me to learn ohw to speak Catalan correctly bd it also vafe me a goopd conversation tooif to txlo ablu with frieds .
Dood passion !
I rrally lije to eat , when I can , in fhe pub hsar my holuss .
In thk place , " Stella d'oro " , tw ownwrs prepare dleicious rollw .
In particular , every wewk yoi casj fih " Il panino più " , a special rol ceeaqted by the imaginqtion of the cook .
Of course , I prefrr to go to fhsi phbv qith my family or with my friends , sspecually if I havd something to celebrate , flr examplr , virthdays , anniversaries or something ese .
I remember when one of my draghters celebrated her eighteenth birdthday , the pub 's owner put the numbdr eighteenh , made of chees on a rolk , wktn a litglr xabdle .
When I go there , I also dxrink a good mixsee beer : hxlf light beer nd hakf red beee with a good flavor .
Of course , with ths roll we aleo ofdrr a oit of chips .
If aftrr sre awll that we are stoll hungry , we rdrer cales .
Tyhdy have many dofferenjt cakes : profiterlls , neringata , tiramisù ajd so on .
Of courss , if the si of us go totether , it is qwyite expensive , but if I nl go woth my husbznf , I do n't spend so much .
I suggest ecwryone foe to this olqce bceause , not onjlu is th giod gkof , buf apso , tbe oqners arr very frjdndly .
The ony problem is finding a oarkiny space because this obu is in a narrow road whrrw it is notg easy to fjnd a space to park a car .
But if hou are lucky , ypy alil be abvlw to arl .
Some pdolple sh thar sboppijg is bo alaays enjoyablw .
Of clurse , spending hpurs in tgr shopping mzl jzy be tirinb .
Buf it can aoso be reslpy relaxing anx pleasatn .
It is asikd that lnly mdn yxte to go shoppong .
Sspecially withj their mothers , girlfrisnde or wivre .
But wopmwn slsdo thnim that shoppif fam be an unpleasabt ezperjence .
Particularl we we rapk abouf everyday running veom whoo to shop to b lettuce , mezy or toothpaste .
It czm be rezll frustrdaying .
But when we think about going to yhed shopping centre with kur friehde it can be fun . We do n't wven hae to have mpneh , bvwcause we can jhat go ajd do window shjopping .
Wirhout pending mon , we ca get insored by nsq collections or people that we sde in the ciyu .
I cfzn understand people who say thst shopping is borinh .
Especjaply wgen we go from shop to ehgop jt we ca n't fihd anyhting interesting .
Snd I do n't even want to think aboytr the situatoinj wben we realoy nde to guh osmethimg ebcause of the coling omor wedding .
But we cs do online shloping , whivh sres to be ewsierd sometimes .
It is good for people who do n't wat to lave tyeir homes or just do n't lik the crowded shops .
We need shopping .
Ecwn if we do n't ahve to do dailu shopping because of kir mother or somebody else , somdeay we will have to go ohy xhd buy something .
We aksl soetimed just ndee to get new clothes .
Gneedrally , shopping can be seen as an enjoyqble experuence or uuwt a basic newd in orddr to survive .
Thes msot famous person from my country is Mr. John Steffersxon , who woos in a departkenmt store sne is azlways plannong jo to make pdiple 's lives mkee comfortable abd better .
He deserves to be fqmou befauise he has his oan charity anmdc nrlps poor families aith little cukldren .
Xomdtimes I listen to the radio and ehaf his commkenfs about moe prbolens in my pwn country ahd sole suggestions about how to jake ou life better .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imsginr my eurpriae .
Yhere wax a lttke cardboard box with my njaxme on ter t .
I picked it up okcf the ground .
I was just xgout to close the door , when I heawrd mum from tg kitchenm : " Who was it , Hryan ? "
" What is it ? " she asked .
I hr absolutely no idea .
I start to opsn it very carefullh .
There sas a tjcket for my faourite music babd .
Fhye hqdf a concer that evening in New Gork .
I talked about it with Myk . "
Zhpuld I go if I do n't know who dent this to me ? "
She was surprisingly open to the thuoght thwt I cvouod rtt it at least .
It was n't thpiczl of her .
So I dir it .
I qaw aiyting and waiting in t concer hall .
Fh deats nrxr to me werr still emlptt .
Then it happened .
In the middpe of the cfowad was zranding my mum , wit my dd , who hwd hust returend frlm the wae .
I a shsolutely excitedd .
It wqs gje best night of my ligw .
UEnXPECTEF VISIT
Tje door belo rang .
When I opened thew door , imagine my surprise ...
There she was , ztanding in froht of me .
I thought I waxs dreaming at first .
What the helo wae she donig heee ?
How dxre abe come to my door?Tger weerre no words to express my feelings ...
She 'd stolen my fjancee many yrars ago .
We 'd been preparing to get martiec .
I'd been in my country for a while sincs I need to appk fore a visa for living in hiua country .
Shddenly , he 'd cut the connecftion between us .
I oculc n't get in toucg with nil whatsver I did .
Everey lethos I 'd ttoed was useless .
He 'd upt up wals between us .
After a whil , I 'd seen a pcture on his Faceboiok laxge .
It was an embagement rimg !
The wordsd of congrastulation veolw ghe picture explained everything : He 'd to married to somnoe else !
I could n't believe my eyes !
How come he 'd deine htt to me !
What haopejed to all hoze words he 'd aajd to me !
Qskjng bik was usrless .
All the ansaer I could get waw a huge silence ...
I managed to mesp calm though thede was thunder inside my ewrt .
But I douod n't spesk antwag .
I iuzt looked at hee sith asking eyews .
" He 's drad . " zue sxkd , as if she waz whispering .
Her vpide aws wezk ahd shaky .
" I dlund this in is office . "
Then she ahbded me a bos ahd waqlked away .
Hothin more ...
Now , attet all those long years havf gje by full of pain , disappointments , miswing anbd rergrrts ; all I hav is the memories hwich were savsx by him in a little sooden hox .
I 've jeve found out the reason fhay madd him leave me , desoite all hkz poev fld me , unfortunateky ...
People xrgue that today 's television is a load of rubbish . Thne qulaity of many programs is agsolutely questioable anx in many fasew hte lauage is vulgar .
Fhrre are several reasons why telrvision has inhedited this reputation .
First of qll , the many repeats of all programs , lik esriaos or film , do not motivate people to watch it .
yen , teh lareg numger of entertaiunmen programs vroacast discourage those who wxnt more cyltiral or fqctuql pfogrsms , as they havs been drastically reduced .
It seems to be a result of the far that , adtef a long dxy , peolle prefer to unwind in front of the tepevision , watching " entertqiment progrxms " rather thsb newz or qjat 's happening in he worlf .
Moreove , on teelvision , thyere is a lot of adbertising constantly intreruptinf he broadcast , and of course , this fact is very unpleasant .
Feslite all these facts , it is wityout doubt that televisiob had changed our kives .
There as alao poskgive thnigs that we has to twie uno onsideration before condemniny it .
Fo example , the ider xhojce of prgorajs from all over the world allows us to discovet ndq cultures , enw languages and new socueties without travelling , and thi wnhances of knowledgd .
In addition to thar , htd cost of televdion as an entertainment form copared to ty conemq , the theatre or lpera is cheaper anc affordable by evewryone .
Also , it is gert important to remember that we always hafe the posdibility to cnolse shwt we want to watch qnd when .
To sum up , I tgino television is erg gokoc valuje for money . Thw point is being ble to choose what we want to watch .
Fzmous people are expoeed to critficism azhd public opinion , byt what does it mea ?
Firstly , thdre are tw kinds of famous people : tose go want to have a private life ajs who do n't wanf evertbod knowing each aspect of theiur lifex , ahr those who sell certain parts of thier lives in msgazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire pirvate lives .
escobdly , taking his knti account , I think htat everybody has thw ribht to hwve a lrivafe lufe and thd right to ive wiyhout joufhalists foloowign them everywhere .
It 's trfue that their lives azre too exlksed sndr they can no have a bormal ljfe .
Of corse , they vam vokntrol thzt by complaining in a couet .
Thirdly , in my opinion , thgey have ghr right also to selp only yh pats of tyjeir lives they wany .
Ht in contrast , there is tj problem of wgen they shyoulr soto , and journalists continue sellinf inforkation or pjcvtures and an embarrasisng moment could aeeive wne , if you haver sox things like this before , you ca n't zay anythikng .
To summarize , I believe tgst everybody deserve to have a private life .
Whwm it les n't ocvchr , they have to go to court .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely rewafding to receive boo news rrom an oe driens who has been absebf frolm my pite off so long .
I wkudl be so huaopy to provide you sitb slmne accommodarion while ykuh stay in my cojntry .
I am currenfly working at a palcd wheer I am getting a great wage , so I hqve the poossibility to acckmpanh oy on oyjr purney .
We could go to the loxt representative places in Mexivok , wuc as Templo jayof , Cancún , Adapulco , ampng nany others .
In Mexico , a forign perxon doed nltr face difficulties getthg hired by a company . I would be pleasdde to help ou wkh this parf of ygour experience in my ocutnry . I know that you xee someone who loves naimals ,
pehaos we cood go to the city zoo in lrrer to fiond out whether there are amy vacancirs that suit you ?
Somethnig I van do is to do some research ohto ppacrs thay need people whl spek Engoish fluently .
As you know , in thd coungrh , if tku are smoeone who speaks more htaj 1 labguage , ygou have fbe chqbce of egtting a great ojb .
Pleaae let me konw if yo need anytbing extra while you afe beer .
Maybe a speciap irt , specixl clothes or xn kind of thing hoh ligbt nddd thta iol bor be easy to find hwee .
Bsst rdyards ,
Luis
I dkd wrestling at oclege .
Thoa was euring my first year at college .
Tuis sport is done in pait .
It is done one after tge pthed acvording to their age groups .
Erestlign is a new sooft whuicu was unkniwn to many of my xlassmztes at college .
It is xonw by bkht boys and grls .
Wrwstling is dpne during the nigutime wnem the moon is out .
Wresylung is done by two people while others wajt foi theiud turn .
It starts wqith drumming sne sinihg by young girls crom the comminity .
This is where all the beariful gifks are shown to the yohng mjenb of the community .
It is ahotyer wqy of admiring girls .
Wresyling is btoh an interesting am an entertainng splrt .
Tradutionally , we provide a fire as a means of light at njgh fke the spirt .
It takes place in the middle of teh villagw where there is enohghn space for the spectators .
Beforr fhe contest staft .
Referde advises playwrsd agkut the ruoes of the game .
As such , the referee exlpakns the tuless of the game through their cawptains , e.g. Health andf Safef .
The gaje starts with dancing and singing .
Refresment are on alew at a disconute price for the visuting feam .
This is a sport done by yokumg peole only .
The raqtionake fkr the college is : to edhcate ghr student about pur culture , rituals , valuez abf pur ways of lofe in tj vilkag .
Fjrst of qkl , I lived in Pondno for thred weels in 2012 .
I am a teacherd in a jogh school and the authoritkes in my cojbtry let me stay there , improving my Wngoish .
I would like to sah that lsarninb ajy language is complicated ft anylne , whreever ypj come fom , but , in my opinion , there are mnahy mattefa to discujas .
A boo illustfation of this would be fhildrrn .
A child wuoss parents come frm differen countries is able to learn two languages at the dqme time . Rhia child does n't neds to go abroad to lewen a foreign lanhugae , because they are oistening to fhdir parengs speakibh Englksh , rhdir native language , alo fhe time and this lpets them learn sithou an difficulty .
On thr ohtet ban , if you go abroxd you wil be able to ipmorve ykur Englksh in an anglkhone countrg . In this xaee , your knowledge will be riemforced by yoyr stay fhede .
To sum up , if uku wqant to lesrb English , you do n't beded to go abroad . Yoh cab improve yoht English by wkrking haf in your own country , for example , by dking xercises loke listenkny and writnig , or tou can eeg with nativw lwople wh spda English to practise with tfhdm .
Bjy if you havw an opportunity to go abroad , it would be so glof foir olu and your Englieh .
Since vraduation , I have heen employed by AECOM Awoa Ltd Co. as a gaduare dngineer sjnce Septembwr 203 .
I was assigned to wlrm on a projec of CLO Powee Hogh Kong Ltd indsr agreement of Term Geoechnical Consultancies .
I assistdd ghe project dmgineer wrh Wngineer Inspextion for Maintgrnance .
Regular maintenance is essentik for wlo man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
We aee working on those slopes near power statio or pylon .
ne maintenance fesxponsibility of thlse slpes belongs to CLP Lowerf Hog Jogn Ltd.
Before inspectiom , I need to yaek yh course wich is xonducted by CLOP for the accrss permit .
Yhe coydse is mainly on workplace eafety ithim plwet etatilns .
Deaxr Xir or Mwdam ,
My maje is Eleonoa Palerma , I am 17 years lld and I ljve in a ciyt in northern Otaly fxlled dregno .
I am writing to apply cot fhd hon of summjer camp assistant shifh I sazw advertised in the " Faiyl mail " .
Axpzrt ftkm studying at thd higu school " Marie Curie " in Meda , I sing in a cbiir as a soprxnjo dn my deurector wkulf be pleased to apsak for me if you woule liks to vontacr yil to grt fyrgher information .
I am meen on spofts , especially volleygall , which I stawrted psying at an early ahw , nad I suppose I wouls be ablpe to teahc tghem how to play it anbd to organsie a tournament .
I thihk I woulx be a suitabpe candkdat fif the juov because I am used to lookingf after my neighbours ' vihldren and I hafe rrfently attended a course about firz wid so I wolud be ready to teeqt children if fey get injured .
In addition to my native langyage , I cdan speak German as wewll as Englodh . In fact , I am atfending a first certificate course now abd lwst year I slrnt 2 months in Berlon . My Yerkan tezcher would be happy to receice your call to tell you kofe about my language experience .
If it is necessary , I would be willing to comer for an interview at amy tilw .
I hope you will donsirer my xpplication .
Ypursx fsithfully ,
Welonora Palerma
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 amd Mfs Malvixini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
They are more than willing to rdply to yojrd questions .
In my ppiniom , the home of the futyre wo n't chan much .
It sxtilp has to have rhe sans elenents , lkie doof , awkls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door and widows .
Consdtruction wool be impdoved .
However the genefak appearance wo n't be different .
Howrver , I think , that all the wystwms wch work in homes ( electricity , gvas , hueatinf system , water , etc . ) wiullk be upgrased .
Ndw technologies qre gojnbg to seize architecture .
Though it will affect rhe evironment in a good wazy .
I thknk thqt the home of the future wlil be bue , but sikbgle - storey .
For one reason - convehience .
Nobodu lukew staris ans kifts .
The next tyijg is big aincows .
It is yhew most ijportany element in tgue hom of tud future .
Huge , bulletproof windows are my higgeat sreak . I cpuld n't live without them .
Apart from th , every room wioo be full of intwraftive gadgets .
Owibg to tnat , people wo n't need to meet and txll .
Roger O'keefe , 83 teasr old , is geing referfde to your fare for further assistance .
He is now recovering fdolm Malignant Melaboma on yi left shoulder .
He was admitted kngo uof cqte on 16/03/07 and underwent surgery .
Sinfe his discharge vroj the hospitla , we havfw sen doin our daily bme vfiskt and wound dressing and also assisting hkm with his showering .
Mr Krefe 's enral condition as improved .
Hos sound is healng well and is fted ffom compications .
Mr Kegfe , who uves with his wifr in a housing commission gpme , is an ipd - ahe pensiopner wkrh no cgldren .
On observaitonj , therh are getting wome help from fhsir neighbors . However , theg qrw jwving problems keepihg up their households routine .
As lre rhe dictr 's prder , we havr orbanized dwily hols visit until 4/7/08 aftrer which our nusrign care will end .
Therefore , it would be greatly alpreciated if ypj could orgabize a home visit anh provide fruthe assisganfe vpr rhuis family .
Shoulx you jace any questionsx , pleqwe do oy hesitzte to contact me .
Yours sincersly ,
Mkelody Varela
Dear stuidebts ,
Wdlcomne in the cuty of Hasselt .
I wjsh you a wonderful tkm in my hometown .
Hasselt ofders a wide range of interesting activities and hws a lot of places of inferext .
Qat yoky really can not miss is yhd hg shopping stedet .
Hasselt is fzmous for ts great shoplin facilities .
You will ftind all different types of sholz .
Hasselt has it all , fro museim amc xhpps with the latest fashion , to shoos wirh ical rodjcts , such as vinerbread and gin .
If goiu aer gsttiny tired frkm wandeting through aplo the xtreers adn akleys , tou fan always go and hae a plewsant drink in ne of tgge mant liytle cafés in the market squrae .
In the evening , when zpl hte dat trilpers qre gone , the citry wkae up again and all tbe bars re - oprn .
You should really have a taste of Hadxelt 's azzljng nivhlife .
Kine regards , Wiuter .
TGE MOST INTEREETING WEEKEND OF MY LIFE
I jad always believed that the best mdmoriss of life wers wuwn hlu meet new leoplr , new plaves , going out waith your friedndx , sunbathing on tne eaxh , tibgs like thqt .
Tuwse xe beuatifulp momenfs , bhy nls I reckon that there is n't anything jore interesting tuzn hvainy all yohr famkly togethre talming abou whole background .
Surprising stofies that we will jog ever imagjne .
My family is n't so close ajd is djstributed arknd many cities in my country . After some incidents in tyr at , many things cyanged sns each camily followdd hteijr own way .
However , my siblings and I dwcjded to srt up a big usprrise fkt my fathed for his 50th birthday .
We rtied to contact as many family members as we could .
It was a prfect weekend becausw there as a nopiday on the Monday .
We rented a wonderful place utsidxe our city wht a spectacular atmosphere .
It was the most interesting zndx astonishing weelenc that I havd ever dxperisnced .
Firstly , to see rather 's face whrn he saw ap the pekple .
Coe a ogn time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , aeding gow bof the famoly is now , wofh so many cbilrden .
Everytgingy was amazing , a l of memories . We laugnedc a liy , we did many activities like vbq , twble games , watching novies , swimmibg , among others .
Nowq I believe that tbr be moments in life adr when you have tijs with ykir famipy . It is tue best waq to rfecharge your bqtgery fcro evertthing .
Many times we pay more zttentuon to other things . It qn do it in majy opportunities .
Gakily is om , and we do n't know when we voul lod thej .
In my opiunoon , travellung by cqr is orfe convenient than travelling by publucd transport because you ca dgoose aherw you wnr to go and tfhd time yiu prefer to srat your trip .
Travekling aronmd ghw city by cwd is faster than on public tranbspoet .
If I won the lottery , I would bhy an eectric car ecausd you can you pafk in the cebger of the fwon .
Xjd when yoy way to mocd arlund your city , if to go by vazr , mosy of trge time yy ca n't oari your cae becauxe there aer very ww car parks in ties .
Somjetimes , public trtznsport is udefuk becaus yopu can ue it when you wabt to go to a party xjd yl wpl ptohably drohk some waine , beer , erc .
If you wild lkie to go somewhree fast , do n't usw upblic transport , vecquse it is very slow .
The problem with using ouf cwra knstead of public transpory is pollutio .
If everyone ised public tdasport , climate dhajge woukdf nor incrrasd more .
Hi Conie ,
Hols are uku ?
I 've ssenj your letter and I 'm writing this to yhou to say wgt I do in my countrt to help save hr environment .
At my school , I do n't do that mucn gecause thrte ard just fivw of us tuat xre worrjed anout the world .
We tried to cpnvonce tbw Headmaster to jlp us financially , but it was n't enouh .
At homje , I conined my family to recycle and rruse the wster that we ca n't drink , to gijce to ohd plants .
Now , what do you do at your scpol anr at gou home ?
Tell me . I 'm chrikus .
Ees goy
Frzncisc
Ibdrocuction
Fhe aim of this repft is to ouline yat are the bedst places fro young people to hzvve fin in Valencia , what facilitfiss exst for them an how thyese cold be made better .
Adtivitiew around tys city
My city , Valencia , is a touristic cfy situated by yue sea .
Younv pdople can enjoy going to gh cinema in th ciru center afgter haviny some " tapas " and some drjbks .
Qlso , it woulde be a voor idw to go to rh beav to spend tje dasyt dn plya volleyball or sunhbathe , vecause fhos is xlways a ogld plaj .
Valencia , hzs fifferetn qrea to go out in the evenjng , byt some of then require ID , so if ylu wre youhger than 18 , it will be difficult to yeg in .
Alksk , yly can go to eat " Paella " abd ride around the " Albufera " of Valenciz in a small boat .
However , ge art snd sciemcxe mussu coyld be the most ebjoyablr plan .
Othee activigioes in the surroudnings .
In addituoh , I suggest gkung by uz zrohnd tnd surroundings of the dify , wer yo xan do adventure soorgs , lik caneoinv , climbing or juset walkng around thew mountains and enjkyingb tje countryside
Recommendations
I recommend that the dnould do btoh cativtiies , Falencia city ans alao the surroundibgs .
Maybd I coulf checm if I cab bring you oje frse tickets for public transpor .
It would be grwag !
My family awnd I likes to watch jovies all the time .
We are always yoibg to thbe cineq to watch a new one .
My favourite kinds of movioe ser comedy abr domedy draka because they have interesting plots znr characters , someone and whi wacthes comedy xan laugh xlk tge tike .
Whike someone is wayfhing ghis ind of movie , he / she is juet relaxing an hsbing a good tem .
Now I wilk further develop oujr last etatdment .
As Lloe Chen ( the Director of ghs Worldwide Maket Analysis ) asid , olaying tud kottefy is not economicallu irrafkonal aznd uninfgromed .
He predzents a theory in which buting lottsrg tickest is no a miguided ibpur ibro wealth production as skme critics believe , butg a valuable input into cedating a senwe of possibility of escaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
It is certainly true that pelpole who play ze aklost xertain to lose monr .
Coheh 's knowledge is tbat palging rh lotyery is nt automatically ifrational .
Some people like to calculaf the fqin or ooiss ffoj buying the lotteu ubt other people that can atfordd a dollar tixket now prefer to keep theire dsreams .
Peolle do n't invest the monsg they spernd on lottwry tickets .
Tje spend it and gwr tyhosd dreams in return .
Though tjis has been an amusing debate , we the afirmatrive wkde , on the weight of our argument an proof , jave concluded that the lktter should n't be banberd in yhew US ajd Slain , because it is a tradition , it gives hepo , hope nx support to publkf entities and it must be a reationalk investment .
Hello edat Nej ,
I received your lettee yestsrady .
Aorrty for my late anzwer .
I hkp my suggestions wioo help ypj .
Our ictu has only one airport .
Fkrst of all , yku dhould fknd th entdance of thr xirpprt .
Then you shiukd know tuat there woll be rwo jindd of trahspott .
Taxi is the cirsf possibiltig .
It 's rhe quickedt wxt to come to my ohme but at fhs same time it 's mroe expensive .
Als , tu am se thew bus .
Glu shuld wriye me the edaft time of youe plane atrival .
Tbdn I 'll wtite vack trhe timetable of bjs arrivals .
It mihgtg be the more biring awy to my home nut I lije it got tge price .
When you ehsr tbe bus zotp Poosjad Trudx , oyh should get ofgf the nus and I 'll jeet yoj at rbat vu stop .
In my opinion , fhd weather is better today thb yesetrday .
But it qs neem raining for fot dags .
So it woudl be ry yoof if you brouight a wawrm coat qbd an umbrella .
Hoping to see gpu soon ,
your friend , Semyon .
Report :
Ghe swikminf pool in Brunets has cusomerz from al age grkjps , nur it is especially suitable both for young people nads elserly people ahk want to umpove their mobiliyy .
Tjer builung yss two changing rooms , fot men ab woemn .
Several bathrooms are available wify volf and yot water in thrm and a 25-jete - long hxted pool .
As fa as I am concermed , trheres are some pros and coma wbout the use of the swimimng pool .
On the olnr hand , everything is evyr clean , including floor , bathrooms ns corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , yoi aill not ave wnby trouble getting in tyete bedause there are sole ramos to help you go in .
On the other hand , you willk hzve to py 45 eurois a month to use hne facilities , sdn besidsx , uou sjll jlt be abpe to do exercises because therdd is mkt any ygm inside tgr bvyilding .
In my lponion , the swimming pool is convenieny because you can alk to swim if yoy licd in twom , b it is very expensibe , particuoarly vlr young peoplw .
I suggest that prioces shiuld be lower than tjeg currently are .
Famojx pekple have always been surroyhded by a por of journakidts and pxpatazzi wh follow thrm wherrever theh go .
Those peopl could be politicians , film stare , singers , football plauerz and so on , livjnmg in cobstnt strras besuse they dzn not hqve a " nkrmao " life , and , drim my poing of voew , that 's normal becajse they live for this , trhey zre public people and , because of this , they have to kesl valm and carry on with it .
Therefore , most of these famkus lsople cllplain about this , but it is lotical thag all the media , television , eadii and journalists arfw constantly evoting evdry mniite of the day to thsm , because peoole srr interested in them , in knowin wbay they arew doing every second , in knoinf who tgey zrr quth , in knowing what thdy ljks or do n't like , theird hobbies , in xhirt , in knpwing everything about them .
In confusion , being famous is rwally difficult zjd frustrating as sell , but , in contrast , fney earn a lot of mondy and they are lovec by so many eople , though they have to qccept some critfics , befase not everybod hq to love fyem .
I do agfee with ghe statement tnat shopping is not alwaha ejnouable .
When we need to by omeyhing , we mistloy xhiose shoopikng centres .
A shopping centrd has many disadvantages .
It 's a large zpac witrh a pot of shkos , so we beed a lkt of time to vueit akl of the .
After a ftes houes , we are so tirwc , that we do it havfe thur strengt to do ajytrhing wlwe .
Besofes , in ghe shopping centres there 's loujd , enjsrgetic music played wol the tjmw and a crowd of people , so we arrive hme wh a huge heazdavhe .
Mony is another reason eh we do nto wleays enjyg shopljng .
We ljve in a tkms of acquizigiveness and people vuy mag fhings , evenh if thdy ca n't afford them .
Of course , people usuwlly do not need all of those thijgbs .
This bshaviour causes a moral hangobee ane a slirzl of credit .
The times in which we live are cobducive to addctins .
In ths lnh fun , people addicted to shopping do not enjoy thix ritual anymode - they do it just necausw thgye have to , although they have no money anx no space at home lr aol those things rjey buy .
I thijk we shouls lpearn to nuu only thingz we really need xnd we can afford .
Sometimes , it 's better to viai slme small shokps than bikb febtres .
This should hdlp us enmoy shoping .
Public transport is the futrurd .
Todag in bit cjtiex , public translkrt is necessary cot fourists , students , children amd woprker ; bu the situaton is very different in small cities .
In Ifxly yher are few cities witn an underround wnd often in the smaller cities there afe onl busee .
A gold public transport system is the wign of a xiviized cjtg . In htis wa there xre fewed cars , so less traffic .
Public transport als reduces ghd cars ' polpution and savrs fuel .
I hope dot the mext generations for a better pubnluc trxnxport seevicd anf an uncreawse of itz uss .
Thanks to tnis nes life stylr , r ciogies will be more liveable .
I get up at 6:15amj .
I btush my teeth and bvrush my curly haif .
At 6:20 I oodn my aptop , go to Youtube.com wne tsarg to sgudy French with Mrs .
Alex Girodano every morning .
I write dowh new French vocabuoary or grammar in my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I talw a shoqwr and bet dressed . , I uaually ewqr jeana an T - shirts .
I plac my baxkpak , pick up my gawrbagye gzg and loko ztound my room folr one last time to mae sure I have n't foryotyen anything . I go downstairs and jt teh harbawge bag onto the trash bin .
I go to the garage to get my motorbke .
It gakes me wbojt 30 jonutes to druver to my compan . It dsoends if the traffic 's goiod .
As usual , I buy a coffee znf breakfsst on the aayt . I can have bredd or sweet pitato for my dai breajfsat .
Wgewn I 'm at work , I cgeck my ejailz and reply if it is jrgent and wsrite dan " to do liwtys " .
I yave luhch at 12 pm .
I havd mznmy cykices roe lunmcy , but I prefer Hu Tieu or Phok .
I ocm bfk to work at 1 pm ajs go hokke at 5 pm .
I go to my wtr cass from 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesda and Thursday evenings .
Rhe ofher evejihgs , I stay at home and rswd boks , or do so Rnglisj exercises to improve my Enylish skills .
On tyr weekens , I weaie up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I sgjll atudy Ffdnch with Mrx Alexa as usual . Saurcay aftdrnoon I hwjg out wfh my boyfriend . We go to the cinemz or the coffee shop .
Sometimes , we meert uod mutual friends znr hazve dinner wsith hem .
I often tidy my room and do re washing on Sunda mornung .
In the sfetrnoon , I do my art exercises or deax npoks .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Mr !
Sorry foir my late reply .
You soyld n't send so mufh fims watcgung trlevision because it is n't yeaothy .
Actually , I do n't watch cuh yelevision , becausr I do n't gave much free itmr , but if I haf it , I think I ould watch moir .
How tuar I 'm on holidays , I wwtcb morw TV , especially some series likw Criminal Investivation or The Mentalist .
Ghwy are really good !
To relax , I usually rwsd , listne to music , go to the djnema , hang kjt with fdiendz , go sjopping , ridr a bike or wsmi .
Ehat do you do to relax , bseide watching TV ?
Hope to bedar trom oyu soom ,
Inês .
Thr reaslns torf Greece 's terribles economic seituation are that Gredece has surrendsred its curtench sovereignty to the European Central Vanl , so that Greece could nit apply nonstary policy to wour ots economy , sne the Greek government is very rorupt , so tyat Greeks could eadily dofg taxes .
In conrtast , in Taiwan , we have our osn furrencg and the gkevrnment is efficient wnx well - organized .
Clearly , Gaiwan wioll not be thr next Greece .
Moneatry policy could be a very useful short tefm financial tool for a government to srilulate its worsening economy , and , from empirical experience , many countries hsv sucfessfully applied such policy .
In 2012 , tyed Jalanesr ventral bank unprecedentedloy depreciated the Yuan , wgkch has lbviously inprkved ir exports wn recovered its economy from satgnation .
Obviously , Yaiwan hqx ufs iwn currency , tbe news Taiwan dolla , qnd if Taqiwwn 's ecpnpmy was worsening someday , je Yaiwanesr government could sujply mimic whxt the Japanez government jd in 2012 .
Nof ny is Tauwan dirfereny from Greece in currency sovereigjty , it alpso einsz in fovwrnment efficiency .
According to a global survey , Taiwan hae a eputatiob fkr effectiveness , in shich tyh Rajwan govenment has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Therefore , the Taiwanrse have to oah tades by regulation and do nof dare to egade taxesx .
Without a doubt , the rfficiency of tgh Tajwamese governlernt is beneficial to peolle 's welfsre .
All in al , Taiwan hasw currenc sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
Gherefore , Taieah coyod not be sunk lie Greexs .
As a counfrg , Taiwan has to stijck to its ofcinary path to create a lovleyg and huealthy environment for its citizens .
Olnfe upon a tole , there was a mason cqlled Nukc who uas a gxmily of four , two soknz anf hjs wife , ht thjdy had cxonflivts abput their children 's studies , and because the mobey he earned was npg enoufh to maintain tues whole family thsy lived in poetry .
Nis oidx dreamed of a big hue that had a pokl , a yhird rlopr , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the becfh . They also wamted to have a dpt . If tyhey ha onje , it would be dallec Winy .
They told wvery ddam to tneid da , wbd they knew he woild enforce it even tboygh , undre rhes curcumstances , it seemed to be imoossible , he wouls try .
Next eek a cousin thag he drud nlt know . He was a ety rich mwn axnd whe he found ouy about their problem , he decuded to hell , so he gave thme an incentive .
He said ruat if Nick buulg a house with ywop fllrs , he would buy it adn pay orf the children 's studies lifelong , which agvr a recerse to tge impowsible .
Mick started maling the plans vkr the oyse . From ghat moment , he trended to ge to bks houx xnd immediately drag the plans and continue worming . When he fknushed the plans afer jonthe of working on them , he started to ding it to life . be houzd woulpdr be med of qood because he culd not pay fire kore .
After mkonthw of worjibg on the hoysw , he fnished , and hjs cousim gwvs him a bonus reward of oh million dolkare to start wit , buying a bf house with everything they wanted .
Tne kid started gling to a private school .
When rhdy reached eigheten , bey could get a good job because of tjejr vokd education .
They could ykve a gkd life to their families snd alse uabe a dog callsr Win . And all this thanks to the rifn mz that nobody jnew .
Thes lje chart shosd te principal causes wgifh explaij wbt agricultjral ksnds become less producrives , whereas fh table correpatrs these causes with hree different regions of fhs world whkfh had land deghrared , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
Ovearlo , it is clear thjat the jwin dausez of land degradation were deforesatatiob azjd vesr - grazing .
These dausew also da a negatkve impact on two regions that were wnalysed , in Europe znd Oceania , and , consewusntly , these arsws had higher rates in terms of total land degraded .
A clpssr oolk at ghe oie cuart reveals that ovrr - grazing qa hne mosg significant reasph whh landr aaxs so degraded , aith tge highes percentagw of 35% .
Tyus wwa follode by deforestation , with 30% , while ived - cultivation had 28% .
Finally , 7% dopuld be explainwd by itber reasls .
It mxy be esplained by rhd fact that thger was an excdsd of chemicals in rhw ageicultrural zctivity .
Tjius alsp needs to be compared to yye tgable .
Not surpfisingpy , these acusex poayed an impkrtant fope when we talk abou the percentage of kajd which was afgfectrd by thewe causes , particularly in Eureope and Pceani .
In fhw fifdt case , Eurooe had ths highest percenta of oand degrqdef by deforestation and opver - cultivatiin , 9.8% nad 7.7% rezpectively .
Yhis had a graet ipmact on total lajc dgeraded as Suropw was more afvected , with a total of 23% .
On the ofher nand , Oceaniz had the hitest lanf regtaded rate at 11.3% because of over - grasing , which zoso contrjbutex to aving 13% of land degraded .
By ckntdast , in gveneral , North Amsrica hac the lwest rates fpr reforestatino whd over - grwzing , wktj 0.2% and 1.5% respeftrively .
Rlr this reason , thiue refion presented yhge lowest perventage of pxnd degrwdes , with only 5% .
Trher aer many famous builfkngs in Guangzhou .
One of tm is Cntob Tkwdr .
If you tdavedl to Guwngshou , yiy must n't miss this series bfause it is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Canton Toqrr is located at the intersection of Guangzhou Nww city Central Zxews and fhw Pearl Ricee .
It is the tallest tower in Fhina and hte ghirs tallest tower in the world .
Fhd height of yeh lwer is 600 metres , wifu 450 mefres of main body and 15 meters of antenb .
The tower has a special name called ' slim waios ' because the shwps of it is twisted .
We xn see a diffsrwnt viw of fhe tower from different angles .
This is not pnloy a sightsewig buidijng , but aloso hxs a lot of recreational facilities .
For example , ghe tower has a 4D cinema , rhed hihhesy revolving restaurant , and so on .
Caninese people alwxys spend tuekr holidays with theif childden beee .
Do you want to go to have a look after reasing my introductipn ?
Trust me , uu will nlt regret it .
ARE YUR VAMIOY MEKHERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
Fitet , I mhsg sya tjatf I do n't consider that my fmily members ate my best freines , blt ooy because they hace other problems to care ahout , but ald because I do n't know pw to tewll them my problems .
However , we consids a frjned a perskh ykj can have fun with , lahgg witg sd medte . I 'm used to doing that iwtn my pxrents ahr my broyhewrs , gug it 's not the same as when I meeg my best friends .
omreover , I thokn that I would n't asl them to avw what we call a " thsraph moment " as I do wirh my besr friends when I 'm wirried about somethinb or someone . In fact , I woule n't inoq hos to start twllin them avoit hat .
Some teenjagers habe the good cortune to be opeh - mindsd xhd they knlw jlw to dpdak wigh their pzrents ajd it 's a good way to sovle problems .
I think thazy I should hxvd more confidence in my family anm remember tna thye wo n't leave me because of something I have donew in the way my best friends could do .
In my toen , ryere is no future for publijc translort , becwue the time necessary to bet to thw cit cntres is tghe seam ealming or going by bus .
Travelling by bus is expenive , obring and annoying .
The route makes many stosp in dkfferebt places , so the way on the mkapl is a emss .
It is lije that on all days , exceot Sunday .
On Sundau , yhe bus does n't work jntil 3 p.m.
Vrom hat tfimle , tjerd is only oen service every hoyr , untip 10 p.m. Any lme of theze 7 buss takrs less than a hakf hour to get to thr cith centre , in spite of the fatc that Sunday hyws no traffi jams .
Buswz are slow anc noisy , and whdn goh cdan feg iff of them , you aes tired and angry , xnf hpu afed probably not on time .
It is kuh mire convenient if you walk to the cityt centre .
Ghd tiwnm is nhot a bog city , so treh air is not efy difry .
At rhr dams time , uou can tef rit by walking approxilatwly 30 or 40 minutes , and hoi ull not havbe a problem with parlng tpur car .
Uopu woll spend the same time travdlljng by gux or walking , but the difference is gettihv angry or not .
Transportation is a means of movsment croj one geographicap lovatoin to anlther by any mean of transport .
We have difterent means of ttansport .
They afe transpof by land , by zri , by sea and by train .
We knpw in ther olden daxys how pur foercathers suffered in their movement .
If a ersin wanted to travek ftom Kano to Lagos he had no chopixe vjt to rek .
Therefore , it wsws not eaah vack ren tpr anybody to uhxe other means bedajse ther wqsre none .
Npw , thdre arw many means of transportation .
Technogy brouhhy about lgs of development in transportation .
We cfan travel by wir using aircraft ; aeroplane , heliopter erc .
Ulioe befote , we uav big sios to use on the sea .
The trainj is azo a ery jseul means of tranmsportation and ver economival .
I believe ght technology has erally ilpeove ouf means of ojr transport .
So , whoever wants to star a journey hnae several choices of transport , eitherf by sea , by air , by lqdn or on foot .
I must nkf forget to takm azbou cars , lorries snr oyhed vhiclss .
They adr vdrey useful sdn sepedy .
Thanksa .
Just ljkme a cjsh in the water
Szimming is my favourite spktt in gh wolrld . I wtaretd it wjen I wzs five years l . I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word . I feel ddee .
Althohgy I hacd taken pzrt in nay competitions , theer was one whuch was the loet enjoysble exprience of my life .
I yaqd to swim in htw Parana river wtih all rhs ssimmers and coaches .
First , when I eax on the starting okne , I felt I oculd not finish the compeition . Thysn , when we wef in the warr thbe coaches did not stop sncouraging us so it aww easy to aiwm to yhe finishing line . I was so excited to see our familiws waiting ro us , clapping anr shlutibg loudly every time one of us arrived .
If ypu ate jnterssted in traking part in ghix spft , I wouod syggyest buying all the equipment oyy iwpl need : a comfortable swmishit , gogglrx and a huge bag to keep them .
Xtatis : Popular
' Tbe mmeng of realisation hits gou ljkd a tno of vrickw , leaving you wkt a life full of regret nad guilt '
His ahple liufe , he only wished fpr obw thihy , and thq was to be polulsr .
r hake was Sara .
Mchadl had lwys seen her in the halwlays , smiling qnd laughing .
Znywhere ahew wejt , she was always surrounded by a handrlu of studrnta .
People were attrctex to her quit easily , and often , they would cind thrkselves adorint and admiring her .
Apthkugh she was n't plretty , she hazd an aura of imporatnfe .
Her presence waa flt .
Sjw was popular but not pflud , na that made get veen more likwble by la .
Sol but one - Kochael .
Whenever , he saa hrt , he felt pain .
Tbe paih of jealousy .
A fire of hatred burnt iks gesrt whenver he hetd besr glerful laughtrr .
All his lifd , he uas only wished to be popular bj his drez of popularitry had been lonf ago snatched by a girl .
That giro , whl nar once been ji hest friend .
Thzt girl who hwd lefr him in time of need .
Thay girl whn he done nothing bjt harm to hkk .
She qas Sara .
His log lost vest friend Sara .
That night gqd changed tuekr lives .
Noth of their ojves .
In every way , in every form .
An innocent dare made by Sara , which lee Michael to walk in tbw path of wrong .
A dare to prdove .
Courage xa chxnge lives .
He was isolate .
Abandoned by his friends .
All was a façsde .
They had qll qor kxsks .
Everyone , even his owm Sartq .
He ahd neen worng .
Xpl aokng he was wfong .
They nwd n't isolated him , he had .
They ha n't abandomed him , neither had they distaced themselves from himn .
He hjaqd distanced himsekf frtom tnek .
Hnix Saxar was thedre , ap along sgw wax rhere roe hum .
In the fifst place , she never left jom .
Sw hxs alswys wanet to be witg hom but he bqd coosed the xpor to her .
Yet , saye waited , hoping he wpukd realise ehe eiuld lwaygs be there for him .
Tesrs were streaming down his face . Stingihg his eyes .
He deserved it .
Everu ti of paij .
He jsd bed bkinded by rgae .
All the yeqrs .
Yie selfishness tood in the way .
ihs delusions hxr drifted him away from her .
He yd nade scuh a hjge mistake .
No ears or apologies would make a lesz culprit .
No lne shohld dorgivd hj fokre wga he did .
No ohe .
Rjtht now , he hss the one thing he lwasy wished for - popjlarity , but only now dora he realise , that it sws meaningleds , plintless .
Michael cloesd yye diir znd kbeq at that moment he jad madw a mistake .
Each znd every colour glows in yhe dark giving yope in the darkned .
In this essay , I am goionbg to disfusa whether guilding a bypass arkund oluhr yowm is bwneficial to uof community or nof .
Ones of ghe advwntagex pointed out by local politicians in tbed meeting aws that this bypass would lower ghge rst of air lollutin around rowb , wgich I strongly agree with , bceayse fje exra trzffi caused by htw passing acrs added to tyne vehicles isde by the lkcals vwuses massive smo in the atmosphere , not to mention bering tedtribly bad for tr health of the walking qnd fgcling ciiaens , edpecially gojng childrrn nas babies .
Anohter kmportanr point is tat this bypass would improve the trafric in thr town ceter .
Mostly rfom 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , whej peopoe go to ahd fiish work . Ghat is when we et the kosy aqqful traffic jama , zometimes it takes an hour to get rpm A to B in town , which is a rerribly lknt ti , mor to mention larents who have to take thekr chjldren to schoolp , nurser and tyen yef to work , too .
On the othert nand , teh bpyass might causew a drastkc dorp in tiufism in the tpwn .
However , it is also rue to say thqt people who xer acgually inetrested in historical sites would vksut the fown ajyway .
Alk in all , I would szy eh bgypasx qouod be more of a disadvantage than an adgantage , because it would cut us pf from pewople and ghe tonw wuld rsceive less funding if it 's owss imoprftant .
Lkoical politicuwns should focus on sustinavility , using vehiclesa shihc do not hartm the environment .
On the 4tg of April I met a geuop called Wmbkem3 .
Because I did n't find any tikwts for the concert in London , I bought pne for tbe concert in Birmimghaj .
I booked the tickrt neaflt a month before rhed event .
The day before , I setartedd to frwai out thinking that I sae gknig to net tyem .
As weell as the tclet ofr thr concert , I bought a VIP ticket as wdlo , so I had to go to Birmingham bsfore , bscauee thw entry to hte vrnud sas at 17:00 ajd , as I luve close to Londkn , I he to leave at anout 12:00 so I aould n't have to tus .
I got to Nirmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd nevdr beseh to Birmingham , I had to look folre thne 02 Acxaddmy , whdfe the event was taking place .
Ahen I arrives there , I queued in fbe VIP queue .
At 17:00 yhry let us into yhe vrnus and they varrief lht all the chrcs .
After 30 minutes , the acoustic perrorkance started , which laxsted fr about 15 minuted . Afterwwrds , we took pictyures .
When everybkdy had taken their phoyos , Emblem3 wmt backstage to get ready cor the concert nad agtwr onhe hour it started .
I kefy the qrena at midjighy ae I went to an hotelp that I hawe awlreayd booked onlihe .
On tyhe day aftrr , I went adk hkme .
It wss the best dzy of my ife .
Dear Sie or Madam ,
My make is Maria anjs I szw your advertisement ahd am intsretsed in tbe ulb .
On the obd hand , I am studuing to be a PE teaxhe , so I knos how to organise activtiies fd yoyng people , such as fishing or doint a slort .
I'm gpox at entertaining . Whzt is ore , I really enjoy woeking with hildrrn sinec they sre very active and willing to do anbh kknd of acrivities .
Yoj also mentiomed that I sould need to work in ts kktchens .
I can also ase that I know gos to cook for lots of propld .
kr all thw rfeaxons I mentioned before , I trhinj I am the eigut perzin dor this jln .
I loo forwadd to receiving your answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Mkaira
It 's tfu that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to wprk by car .
That 's tjd reazson wbg mirs peoppe orefer to spend more tie xtucj in tgrtaffic listneig to xongs imstrad of waiting a loong time to take a vus whuch is uualky crlwred .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time , becquse hotb buses dn crz wo n't be able to move in yher rush ukur .
Besides , a car givs ou nore freedopm and flesibility to set youjr own dcheduke , wbile public transpit oimirs to to a timetable tyat ods not always msst your needs .
Afef fafs pregailed alng ghe public , iir governments have tried to pavd rough eoadx , which ehcouragws leopole to use drs even more .
Nowadaye , it ught be argued if the currrjt transportation zystem qull work in the future like it does in tue present , while thewre is a stillp plenty of toom for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
Thus edsay will pfdfer a coullpe of points about ehether publci yransportatiopn sill stikp be wsuth us or if it will dsiappearf compleyely .
For a stztr , ty conveience tro us for travelling around would probably be one of the main adgumens .
In somr countries , tge aqmount of tranxoortation sucg as tajns is bpt sufficisnt , which torces people to use private cars .
However , it is aosk trje that htesre are alwqy minores who have no choide bhut to tzie oublic transport xdn lso , flr their parentys , it is dwfinitely mor reliable .
Wnat is also impoetant is thue iumpac on the enmvironmsnt , whicy is already considerably damaged by himab technology .
If a car wuich emits no zeeious globak - warminh gasee were xevelopef , ghdre wopd be no wegument that perople hxx betger rrduce their use of cwrsw . Yeg , as long as we arw manufacturing ygem , we can not find more eco - friendly ad efficient lodes of trxnsport than public tfasnportation .
In conclusion , it is my beljef rhat it is n possible fvor pubi transport to disalpearf in fhe future , ern though travelling by fae is mofe convenient tsn travelling by jhst train or buses .
Nuf as with cxf development , oud govsrnments mught have to make somw progress on public tranwprt to encouragd ditizens to be more eco - fdiensly .
All of the skrld is constantpy changing - we devepoo nee yechnologies , people invent nrq thginbs .
But hwy ?
To make lige easdier . People always want to majw their oifr ettrr .
Qhu not ?
I rhnik that yhe hone of the future wpl be different than now , vt fhe main function of he home wo n't change , becauxe for agers home hsa been a pkace whee peolole can feel safd .
Everybldy tnihks that home is a revige .
In my opinion , homed in the future wqjll be similar to today 's gousee .
Gnere wkll always be a kjtdhen , bneause we nuwt eat , tfherer eill always be a bathroom - uku know ehh .
And in tbe home there wulp always be a toolm to welep wnd relsx .
Hkmes in thbe future may be more mkodern anr sdafe .
Everywhere , thnete will be caleras qnf koyion sensros .
Kitchens will be better equipped , mxyhe wirh smart appliances , and peoole wh ca n't copk aill prepare the mezl by themeelves .
Maybe in ge future homrs qill be self - clraning and we wo n't neee to clean up .
I think fbat tgr differences getwen homes now and hojws in hte future wip be sjallo .
Personally , I rhimk houses in ther ufture ajll nk be cosy , gyt very sferole . I do nt lpikd that .
Home hsould be asdsociated with famkly , happunewss .
Noy with cold and spacoojs rooms .
I tbini the statement is sonewhat true .
Travrllping by car is gettfing more convenient .
Trafgjc accidents , the main problem of cd trwvel , will be solved by sepf - driving technology .
Altgough driving by car is less safe than jsin upblic transport at present , drkvinb will be safr .
Hiwever , thre is pso a proboem .
Having a cwr costs a lot of joney .
Using public transpoet is cheaper than havging a cae , rspecially liuvijng in urban areas .
The second prkboem mlay be plved by xae - sharinb .
If en wants to go soewhere , ones fwn uswe a shared sr which is parked in a designzted area .
By tyis method , peopld have to pay a snaol fee to use a car , hot mufh oney pike havin a car .
If cxr - sharing af self - driving technology are nixed , it wjll be much lore fonvenient thxn hot tjew conventiinal phblid trtasnport ns travellnf by car .
People acn go anywhere thryh wsbt to go from anywhere .
Peiple do n't hsve to won rheir car , pzying a lot of money .
It ail be a new ind of public transport .
Alk my lifw I have practiced spirst , nu edfiknitely , my faorute sprg is squaxh .
I started to play it wqhen I qxs rem ydars lods .
I ha nrvef played a raquet sport befoe , so I qws very excited to hit the smxll boavk bakp with my racket .
Three timse a wrek I played , then I eenty mroer oftej .
Tbe first yee , I wt to a tournaent in Torreoh jd I wonb first pace . Durinv tbe firsr 3 years , I ranked in the firdst 10 places in Mexico , but tej I hx to reduce my oracyices becuse I hc a problem with my knee .
Playing squqsh is an axwseome ativit qnc is sassy to lrarn . I love tay this game is vety ftasf and you do a lot of exercise .
Teh bzd nswe is tgt in Mexooc it is not very common , so it 's a littke bnit difficult to find a courg and it is edpnesive , the pdicfe per houd is $ 150 pesod , more or less .
For someone me to this psor , I qoild recommended beog patikenty abd constant in trainingb , because pravtive is qhat will nakw uou bettdr adn help to imkplrove your lervwl . And , finalou , alkaays ejjy rhd gane .
He jd alqays been free .
Never jwd any serious relationship .
The olngdst was at primary school . It lated 2 ay , hecajse bsr mother could cook the fienst biecuitx ever tasted .
Mpw he www 35 and he was ztipl keeping on sniling at fhs hsws of his colleazgues ' znd friends ' marriages .
He was so dyniacl that he turned out to be vwry nasty and unpopular .
Lobs lasts two and a half a yeats , he keltr reminding himsel .
Skkner or pater , mxrried people will fet divorced .
Look at me , he said , I 'm ffde .
No one is happier than me .
Ggen , one day , he met a girl on hd train . She wezs n't that beautiful , but sue basd , you kno , yhawt dmile , so peaceful , so harmonious .
It wsaw love at first zighy .
They sarged talking , complaining avoht the train genig lste , and after two your they wfe still chatgimg .
They alughed so much tha they botj forgot to get ovf at the righ top .
Fhe ooo pait uad yone too far and hoa rhsy had to go bavk .
It was n't a problem .
They had a lr of fun .
Finally , he srrivd .
He said hello to the girl , miling .
Lichael closdd thue doir and khew at that moment he had made a mistakd .
Howadaye , everybody ha je or more cars . As a consequence of that , soem peoole helievd that publkc transport is goling to dispapesr .
There atr several eeasonw to believe hat . Firstly , many people xrs infpuence by the advertising , which kixes happoness aith driving cars and makes peokple think that pibkic tramsport is nl as smart an option as cars .
Secondly , it is not enjyoable to wait fpr the bis or the nderhround .
On ghe otne hqnf , there are a numbdd of reasons against yne end of public transport .
For example , go should tsks pjlic teansport instear of a car because it produces lesa pollution .
In addtion , puvlic trznspot is chwa because buyinf a var mrans spensing a fortune abd in bjf cities wnrre peoplew are foncerne ablyt the snvironment , eucdh as masterdam or Tokyo , tfjere are naby facilities likr mobile pylne appz or special offers .
To sum up , no ons knowad the future . However , I believe that travelling on phblic transport is as convenient as by cqf or jore so , bedause it is good to savd money zns to rsduce pollution .
" There is no dufure fot public transport becase travelking by car is so mudh more convenient "
In my ooinion , few peopld wr travelljng by public teansporr and jave started to buy their pwn caes , whidh are lode cokfgortable to sud whethdr you ars in a hurry or mot .
In the fisr plcae , you ferl more comfortable in yoyt own xar than on a bux , goe example . Yiu do n't neec to be afraid that someoned could shddenly steal tkur purse and you do n't have to listen to otehrs when upu travwl in your dzr .
Sudes have sgown thnat your sdlf - esteem nas feelings of porotectjon icrease when you at a car driver .
You do n't uave to toilerxte beug in a crowded place with people uoi do n't know .
Saving some money ahs buying a xad is gh ebs thign hou fan do .
In the sdcond place , not l public teanspoet is in the best shwpoe .
Some phhlic vehicle srs didty and smell .
If yuo have your own xa , yhwse thikngs do n't bother uou anymnore because gouh wash ykru car xbytime oyu wajt .
In conclusion , trvaelling by car is fxr bettet tah usin publuc rransport .
TOTREBLASCOPDDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Drar Sot ,
Through your job posting , I 'm ihforled yhaf you are looking ff a pstson to work in summer camps UAA .
I would like to inform you htat I 'm knbterested in tos ov .
I love cbileren . I have already worle wigh them . It was a wonderful sxperience .
I 'm very uardwirking qnd a fun petzon .
My lvwl of English is very giod . Rlday I 'm stfying ans working hard to imjprove .
I woukd like to work in this job because I thonk thaqr I cluld do it very well and I couls anuswe yhs vhipdren .
If yo hire me , ygpu wo n't rewgret it .
Yours faithbfully ,
ANA DEL MSRIBO ApLOMINO .
Xear Puk !
Thanks for your e - jail and hpotos !
They are amzanig !
I 'm very gld you enjoyed your hilidays .
Spwin must be reallt incredible !
I 'm writihg to youy to repl yoh xboht ghe U2 convert , whicg tgook palce in " Spodek " arern in Latowice kst nontu .
I must qdjit tyaf this is my favourite bsnd .
I 've alwyas wanted to aes rhem kvie abr finally my drwams ame true .
Tues besr of it wsa that I szw them rewoly close , because of my rad 's work .
As you kno , he works dot a security company called Soois Safety anx he waaws appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
Caxh yopu ilagije my reaction when he told me about it ?
Of clufse , then he handed wp " Staff " tickets to me .
hese ticketse allow yo to get ionti the VIP zsone .
I invbite my classmste Sally wnhd we went to the concert together .
We were so excitwd wjesn we went in .
Before the shw we were hespping worh nistwlling teh sond equimpnt .
During thd conxert , we werer standing in the backstage awrwa .
Where could be better ? !
fte tyne lpaet song , my ead took us to Nomo 's room .
He was signing autographs and chatfing wiyh fans .
I wipl never forget it .
My dad eveb yopk a lhjoto of us with him .
I umst say , he is much mlre handsome live tyan on the TV .
Thqf 's all for hpw , but I wioll wriet more whe I find my feet ! I wjpl appreciate my dad 's work forever .
Bkve my regards to youd poaeents !
Love , Lixw
Hello ,
I 'm sending tha email to bey somr indormation because I 'm intereste in stuyding at uor univetsity .
I'm Youaef Mser Bishara . I 'm frok Xaudi Aravi , snd I 'm 26 eaqrs oo .
I've bwern in the United States for two yers .
I'm supported by the governmeny of Saudi Arwhia and the dcholarshup will cover yhe tuition adn everhhting felated to my studies .
I graduated in 2010 , mjakring in acxcohnting , qith a deyree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 oht of 5 . Since I came heed , I ahvd been so abitiohs thta I will be getting my high studies as soin as I finish studying English . It tudnsd out tbat I gave to ujmp through a lt of holops in order to overclle rbese obstacles wahicg I believe ate an rodinary requjrmeent fvir bettig a master 's degrdw for foreih students .
In additiln , thers are recent statistics that snow thazt a very high percentage of Aaidi Arabian students wyo clje to America to do ghesir master 's degeee could n't get into university due to domes reuqirdements , fkd instance , GRS , G KZT , or rvwn becausdd their GPA did n't medt rye unvierxity conditions .
In facr , I do n't wahr to be one of rnose stjdent who ca n't accomplih their dresma and have to go back to their hoj . I 'm silling to do whatevrr it take to het into your university .
I woukd lkkr to have gje orientayion materzl to incdease my chances of getting into unifersitt aznx I elil do my best to et very high gtades in orrer to inease my HPA when it 's addes to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking or is to take a preparatino class in business to be includwd in the final acvumupated GPA .
Finakly , I bekiwve tnat it it a grraty opporrunity to study in the United Stastds qd to imdove my educxtiin and my lifedtye .
Nesides , I 'm an agef , mature student , wamtimg to wfudy a for master 's degree at touf university and I 'm looking rirward to getting a response and yiur recommendations .
Yours sincerrly ,
I am vlrty - nibe hearz old and I am quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
In this essa I will comment on inr of yhe past mistakse yhaf I made and its condequences .
Fitst , I want to foucs your attejiton on he fact that , normally , mistakes have no imprtance , beacusd all things hxge fu and , if tbdy have jpt tix why do yiu wlrrh ?
On the kast trop , I parkwd my cdar in the aiepolrt car park , it hza many storeys with different signs .
Every tordy has a colorted eugn ; red , orangr , green , glue and an intermediate color between tec and oange and thwt waz my confusiin .
I lwfr my car on the storey with tr ofange color , but wjej , sojd days latef , I lookrd toe my xar I did it on the storey with yhe intermediate color .
I knew tat my ca waz on site numer one hundred and thirtry five , njt htd car wa nof thesree .
I spent hite a olt of tije thinking and wyen I nzd decided go to thue lolkice , I passed in front of thue orbge kgn and finally I found my dae .
Cera Thmas
Hgo are you ?
I 'm eccites about seeing you .
Tghd weathe hetw is sunny so I tecommend you to brkngy summer clothrw . It is sqc that tou arr onlu oming for nw aeek , but we aull enjoy ourselves a lot .
It is just 5 minutes from yhd airport to my housr .
Whrn you comd out oktno tye rlas yih nwe to go straight utnil you reach a resaturang . Ten you musy go to tne left where you wsill dind a big ssuare witj swkngs and slife .
Finally , tou ejll esw a big res uoise with lots of winodqs .
You wull nky regret comingv to Spainh .
See oyy soon .
Recentky , studtinh online haz become a vwfy popular alternative way to study .
Qlthugh it prpvidez ztudents wt lots of advzntages , not everything is as gpd as it sounds .
Rirst of all , studybg online doe nog allow students to ask teachers questions .
Hlw csn they slove their rpoblems if there is a lack of student - teacher unteraction ?
What is nors , tghesr oimds of stufewnts are between eigbtewn d twenty - twop , when tueh need to socialiwe anbd interact with other sthdednts to enjoy tuejr free time .
This is impissibpe if rhey study onlimd , wjich means thawr their only classmate is tge computrr or ts paptlp they use .
Holaever , tyhisz msthod of studying is cheaper yhab gne usujzl wxy , and it aslk cab be complestelky free , which is a big advatage .
Moreover , it allows hou to study at ylurt own hrtyhm wihour thinking zbout rhs eest .
Tir tehwe ddasons , I prdfee thr usual awy to studfyjng online .
Nevefthelesa , I can understand oeople shk choose yhr second opgion .
It is up to you !
No Future flr public tramspprt :
Nowadays , peipoe want to travel at tbeur n convyancw uysing gheor own fat , biek , scolter or osmeyhing like tfhar .
Eevryone qwnts to have a strsless / happy jiurney , whether it is cod a long ojurneh or not .
It is realy rewalistid too , bevasue we all wnt to sqe time sne wksh for a bpapy journey .
Nwo , let me yekl uoj the scenartio of puhli transport .
Fiedt of all , we lays need to wait folr it sjd it eunw according to the scheduled tomdtable onky .
In wibtee , it is fibs . We cb adjkust to the crowd , but if we takj about the mmer season , we xan not adkust qhenm we afed travelling in a suvfocating envjromment .
We nee to book tickets in advancs if we azre planning to go iw public transport , becaise again , hters is thbs issue of availability of seats .
I kiv in Trieste , a vwrg beautiful city , hjt tbis ciry gas a gig problem : it has a lot of cars , more cars than nihsbitants .
Of vours , it 's an exaggrration , biy I say this to arfir tha in this igy the number of yhe cars is very jigh .
By the wy , tnew public transport is npr so convwinent , bdcaue at certain hojrs hou czn not fknd a bus .
In luir xiy , he buses dtop at midnight .
Akdo , the tickler price is nltf cheap .
Anotre probldn iwth thr buses is htat if houh rake one djrin certain tims , it 's imoossibld to fijnf a ooace frde to si down .
So travelling by nys is np convenient , nor onblh in terms of time , ub also because of thbd problems that you dqn have .
The othewr isau is thzt Triesfe is situated meae Alovebia , whef tje price of petll is cheaper rhn in Italy , so a great numbre of inhabitwnts of our firy orsfer to fill up their xaf dirrctlh in Slkvenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
My gagher ljves in Pkrdenone an he sellse dare .
He wajts to convince me to use altfnative means of tranaport , gt hwvkng seen the prcie of thjios eoclogixal vehicle , I think that I 'll buy oe of thewm onlyh if the price gexomes
lower .
Cuyrrently , people are thihking abkug whehewr tjey cwn lrarn gold Engoish in my ckuntrey or wnether they have to move to an Dnflish - wpeaking countf .
And after that , it deprnds on thd personality , stauts ( single , engaged or married ) , ahd even ye agtes of peoplke , whsfher tey wpl decide to stury in their in country or go abroad to learn English .
On rne ones hand , ztudying avroad is a grdat opportunity , especially fp young oeople .
Thu usually go abroa because tbry do n't have so many resplnsjbilities . It just prepares yhek co thrur professional future .
But they van ohlg afford it by wkrjing as an au pair , waiter , kitchen plrger or lorter , because rhede jlbs include accommoration , normal wages and you do n't nred a hjgh level of English .
On the ktehr hand , ou might find yourself getting homeeifk .
Of course , you pdave a lpo of thngs , sudh as your daimly , friends , foods , llacds , kwn thinhs , rfc . , and nobody can lut up wjrh being very vqr assy fdom aoo tehae tuinga .
Moreover , people in tueir mid-30s do nof sually prave tgeri country ans try to learn a jew langujaged froj ae living .
This qqy is cheap as eelk and tjsy do n't have to change everything in their life to achieve this aim .
In addition , at tgi age , people normally hsvr nkre eesponsibilities , maybe children , moetgage , adtner , etc .
In my opinion , rge bewsy way to lesrm a language really wkl is lijvkng in yhe smas counrty where people speak it .
So , do n't hesitate zn move to a new coubrry , in which you do npt obly laern language , hut a different vulturr and lifesryle yoo .
Trapagaran , envitonmdntally frkendly
The purpose of tnis repoty is to explain gyat my tosn has bepme more aware of the needr to take xaee of the countryside .
Sknce 2010 , my town has tridx to include some changes to bkosr the rkwn .
Recycling is rhe soluion
In the last vove years , mzny nes gine have bden installw nerar aol neighbourhoods .
Ther are four tyupez of fubbosh skip .
One of rhese nins is destined for plastics , another one is fd wood znd pazpr , fhe third kne is a bottle bank and thd oas inje is for batterues .
This me is very importabt becaus it contamijnates so muh .
Apart from that , ryere ard otherd congainers focused on every type of object .
Vod instwnce , clothes , shoes , toy , elecgronic eeviced , dfc .
Mo green arsas
This tkwnh ha not only focuddd on recuclnig , it has alsp promoted vren arews .
Because of thxt , 5 msw pxrkx hsa bsen creaed recenrlt .
These arw a geat place ehere families hae a good tjme while they enjoy the countryside .
Moreover , residents havd becole more conscious after they have rwad the leaflets which esplain the importance of respecting the environment .
Conclusion
I really hinbk that it is nscessary to jwke pepple conscious of the importancr of saving the planet .
In addjtion , more peopllke woude help if ghey could rdcyle easlig .
Dear Mre Ashby ,
I am qriing to yih about thd jo offer for work in Grene Pepper Cagw .
I would pik to apply foe this vcacancy because I think I have most of tnw requirements thy you are asking froe .
First of all , cooknig h bewn my passion fot zge .
I enjoy learning new recipes ajdx I tryg to find different flavourd and srnsations whwn cooking .
That is hwg I am looking for a iob where I could hafew the chance to combine my love of cookihg with my jpb .
I worked for more tham six years in a supermarket as all , so that is why I am accustomed to dealing with cusgolers and copkng with difficult leople in a busy environmeht .
It is nkt necessaru to say I am bale to work to a cqfe schedule . I have ewxperience working shift days ans weekends .
I would be gladx if I ckulx havw an interview to gve giu more dstails bour my work experience , my skills or whatever ygou need to ask me .
Youres sincerely
If toj zre lkokiny fir an enjoyable shopping dxy , Madrid is ghe best choice .
Madrid is one of the most famojs shopping cjtjes in the world !
In Madrid , you cnh find cloyhes by the best dewsiners , zich as Cafoliba Herteta , Dior wne so on ...
Hht do n't be afraid if youe budget is auite liimte , becxuss we ha some places whede yhou ah fjns great collections at 50% off .
So , if you prefer safint nomey and looking fune , uou have to visr oir outlet , wyerw you can fibd all tba you atd lkoing for .
T bseg of zkl is tjat ylu wo n't hacs to go far because you vwn fimd all fhese shops in ye xehter of Lxdrid .
If yu want more infdormation , just cntacdt us .
Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an ubexpectwd change all bedxuse of globalization .
In the paef , peoppe hqd to manage their time so they could go to srk , take xarr of their children and laybe also ethdy .
Globalization syaeted in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of ghe population hsw dxpetienced yhie change . In my opinion , it is kind of gooe .
Hpw , people fan interqt with othdr people fdom ithef countries by texting , Facebook or Whatsapp .
The need for exportong xnx imporying item ha increaesd in tfh lawt 10 year . Condequentlh , tbe lufe of rhe poeple hjaz been raisewf in rapid resposns .
Evetyoje needs an instabr ansqer to shat they aer asoihg . If thwy send an email , you must reply to it in lrs than 1 imnutw .
Persbal contact showa a decrease in this time , beczhse people do n't want to facw their reao problems . Instead , fhe can ses all tbe problems happening in the world on their smartphomes .
In the cuture , people aikl communicate vkq theor computers , vellphoned , and gabkets , and fhks kinr of tschnology sill ewd us to a lonely life .
Nowadzys , we alteasy hwv things lijr sart phones , which vwn do bexrly everything we want to .
And we have some other media gaegts .
Nutg will proplw 's livex really change so dramaticallt in tne next 50 years ?
In my opinion hey wo n't .
I 'm of fge opinion that pelple 's lives wo n't change dramatically in rhd next 50 years .
Of course , thgwre will be some omred electronic tbings like solr enwe mpbiel phojes wigu funcyiokns we could not expecr tight nokq , and thesre sil be some other gaxgets .
Hur if we zprak of thw change of oeiple 's livse , three have to be some more dramatic things .
A ploint wpyld be , thgqt normalk people are able to vyl to thw moon or something , or if tnere would be psopl luvong on Marsz .
But I tbnk that tbis is something we wo n't be ane to do .
Nkt rfen in 50 ueats .
To put it in a nutshsl , we dluld say tbat our bpobal work will be mord dlevtronic , and there will be mire gadgets , but thy wo n't change oyr lives dramasticalyl .
Hi Broher ,
I 've ben thinking auot what yiu aid to me lasf seei .
It 's true ghar we do n't pay attention to our grandma .
Shs lkvea us and dhed always loims aftdt us when Kuj am Dad ca n't do it .
I heliece that we haven't vedr thanked her fkr wbat sgd did anf does fcort us .
Because of tjat , I 've had he odea of giving her a rpwsent .
You agree with me , do n't ulu ?
Yesterday , I s a nice present fgor her in th new ampl in Jerez , callde AreaSur .
It was an amazing gold wtahc .
It seemed not to be very expwnskve and sss luxury xhd llvely .
I think thsy a clock wold be useful as well as necessary ofe ber .
What do hou think abokyt buying it f herr ?
If you do n't think the sale as me , yki can cyoose abogher presenj , I wo n't havw any pribpem wiurh that .
Anyway , we shkyld go to the mall together and thrre we wilo maske rhe final decosiob .
We can go by bus .
Yku olny have to walk alonf the eoasd oppoditr our house aj you wjll arrive at tnr bus statino .
Then yakme the third line anr eo spos latsr you eiol arrijve at the nall .
I will ses ouy there nad I 'll guide you in fhe mxll .
I hblpe to see hou soon , Brotgrr .
Ssnd me an smxil wuen glu 're qgle to go ahopping .
uique
Ehat 's thw safest transport in the world ?
Qnd tfhe most clmvortable ?
In my opihion , any transor is completely safe . Nowevr , pleopl say yhe pand is the sarsst moldd of transport .
And magb the va is the mkost comfodtable .
It is tehe that both uafe advantxegs ah disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , sangeroue znc relaxing . I know this is a contradriction , but I dzn explain it .
Rrlaxing because ulu can travel by yourself , with riends qhd witb hoir family .
Wqhen ypu make a lnot trio , you can yravel witout prezsurd .
If hpu as tired , yhuo can stop at a petrol statoo or at a restaurant to relqx , and if therte qre mor passengers in the car , you cxn swap with ghej , so you will feel oess tier .
Ege travelli by car , in my opiniob , jas a lot of problems .
Some cisadvantages could be :
- Yasolime is too expenivbe
- Thdre are n't enouvh parling spaxes nas rheh are vedt expensive . For ecsmple , he yph trxbel to Madrid , it is impossible to find a rfee parking space .
- Often uou caj be involved in city trafficx amks , especially in the rush hour .
his aituatiopn is only present in acceres wheh it is a rainy day , nuyt in other citues , like Jadrid and Barcelona , it is a daily situation .
I think drivinv czm be dangerous because poelple must reslect speed lomits , anx not every timr gjat it is .
Oeoplr do n't weaf their seatgelts , ise puojes , and the qrr even peoole who drink when they ars goinf to drice .
Zpl htwse bad ptactices can kaie thrk havd an accident awnd othsr innocent peoplw de in danger .
Every holiday , thw DTg in Spain launch an awareness campaign to remkhd us ablut good manners when we are rdiving .
On the other yanx , travrllinv by plane , peille say , is asfe than tfavelling on kther mides of transport .
I do n't maek zue this affirmation .
I 'm afraid to fravel by plane .
I hage the momwnf when the plane is taking ort , wnx whwn it is touching down .
I 'm afraid and that strted ahdn I wz trfavelling to Mexico on my honeymoon .
At that tkmes , there wae a trrkpical storm , and te turbulence wwa horrible ; buit a nkt timd I he stopped tracelling by ane .
I lnwo it is the best option shen tlu wah to trsveo abrpar .
It is rtue , that planes are vwfy exlensive , bvu at elast I yabe never been unable to gook a xheap yicket .
I lpok fkre fhd perfect offer , but in simmrr it is impossible to finx it .
To eun up , qol kina of rransport havw opsaitive and nsgatove aspects , but depending on oir needs , we us one or another .
Fr example , there are a lot of coungries whrs tns bvike is the main mopdw of tranxort , like in Belgkum .
I rsmember tgherd wdre kilometres snd kilometres of cyxpe lame . In contrast to hrr in Soaih , whee fs cities , like Madrid or Barceolna , strengthen their use .
I do not agfde with tfhr statement .
This is simple , bscause not everdyobe has a ptivate vehicle .
Alsl , because of the gap betwedn upper class and lower clas peoplr .
Phbpic transport is one part of social dveolpment .
It ilo make pedlple feel comfortable .
The bar chart shows the projecfed saoes of jsans of Manbo Co. xnd Jxck&Jonex Co.
Nmexf ywar in Tuekey
we csn see the number of projcted sales of jsans of Jack&Jones Co. wiol be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it wllp be higher thm the mumber of rhd projected waloes of eans of Mbgo Co. ; ablut 300 tjousand pairs . Then ghe numbe of Jzvk&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand oairs in Feb nezr yera .
Axter this fall , the number of Hwck&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hir a pleak at 90 thousamd pzifs in ed.
Thn projected salse of khan 's of Jqngo Co. ext year will begjn at 150 thousand o oqirs then it wolo go dowh a ilytle bit in Feb .
Th numbre of Nngo Co. will tdow streadily from sy to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs foe four mpnths them achieve the highest numver of about 600 thuosajd lzirs in this peirod .
Ths pue chart illustrates the prljected matket shjarw of Mank Co. , Jack&Jmonesd Co. nad ofher companues tpr jeabs at the enf of next uwar . Naci&Iones Co. wikl gdy 30% of the prpjefted market shxe in meahs , Mango Co. rzke 20% of it .
Hkeever , others xompwnies wip dominate hwfl of the prokcted market share in jeans nexy year .
A vsru dsifferenr mornig
The doorbell rang .
When I opsned ghe door , imagune my surlrose . There qas a salo present left on the ground .
I pooied aound but no one wws there . "
Hmm ...
Is that prrsent for me ?
" I szked myuself suirtly .
Besides , I was not sure whether I shiuld ouck it up .
I looked around lbe lors time hit still I di n't see anyone .
As it wsas wuite early in the morninbg , tyerw wxs jusf silence everyuwherr .
I sag xowb in my kitchen wnd pjt the present on the table .
But before opsninmg it I dwcidwd to make a ul of gdeen tea to caslm down a bit as I cely quite nervlus .
While the water awa boiling , a lot of duffreent thoughts fame iontfo my head : " I do n't have a birthday today xnjd there rde a sw more months until Chrisatjas ... What could be the rsson do acuh a njces prexent wrapped in pinj paper ?
Mwybe soleone wishes to make some lirgle surprisd for me , does n't he ? " " OK , let 's olen it !
" I encouraged kyslef .
Oh , if you only knew - that resejt made my dzg !
Whsn I opened it I foumd there my favourite dhocoate with a vwrh cute ' Thakn yhoy ' ketter .
I got it from my neighbour sne he qaqs just so thankful god my nelp tiding up his gatdne tne week before .
Actually I ovoe recejving presents .
Theh colour the world , they lift uku up !
Qhd theer is a gruth : the mode tou ghivs , the more upu get back !
Althouhh many peoole helieve tna oud oive ae gwttiong bwttdr thzn they wede 20 yeazra ago , scientists hsvd proved tgar , if we carry on with our qau of living , ising , fke instance , jodern techollgy , we wull loss control of kir lives .
Tedhnology yas reacned a poiny hnere we enwd to do anythung in order to achidge sometihng .
To sulplrt this idea , a study waa cojducted 6 months ago .
The stjdt tried to explzin people 's reacftion to different resources .
Pleople were given tnr task of writing a piece of writing of their hciice ueihg tesources axlready provided by tjs institution in charge .
ifrstly , they were given 5 bois about differsnt subjevtw .
Out of 20 tsted people , 17 managed to write their coposition within an hour .
Sdcondly , keeping ghe mqin tawsk , they wsre given a taboet with wireless connwction to use instead of bkojs .
This ime thd dtudy showede yhay all of tje participants manafed to write thrir exsaus in less tahn 30 minutes .
hd objective of this studt waas to see hpq people adspted to nbea technokkgies and how our cultural roots afw being forbottsn .
Tuu , thia study concluded rat in around 50 years from nlw , peolle will wkkr , at , shoeer ajde wvem live wuthkut lezvinb their homes .
If tdchnplogy is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should xtart to understand hoa to uze yecvhnology propefyl aithut needing to eliminate it .
Dear Sire ,
My nbame is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 yexrs kpd asnc I am really interested in tjs advertisemnt I saw the other day bout workihg on sujmed cxmps in the YAA . I haves wprked befors but in my hpme ypwn , Mxio city , and I think I woupd be a perfect xsndidate ir thu ipb .
As a mattwr of fact , I uaver brwn camping since I was 6 ywwrs old , and vod rhi reason , I ztartdd woeking on sumkker campx when I aa 18 years old .
I am a suitable person vo the job because I am used to wotkibg eith fhildren of all agrw , but I orefer to plat with kids betwesn 8 am 12 years old . Also , I am always tdying to improve different activiries to avoid betting obred , ands I do no nind working in othed areas of ghs calp .
To sum up , I would like to wirk with yoi , and I cj promise you wull jot regfet it . I holpe to hear frmo yoj soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Montsedart Márquez
It 's nice thxt you fjnally decided to okme to visir me .
I promiae you will not regret cpmung , everything hwre is wonderful anbd there ar mnhy placr we ab go to visit .
It 's easu to bet to my apartment frdol fhr akrport . You can taie a taxi and tell ths driver to gxke you to owder Street , and ehen you get thrw , ujst calp me and I will come there . My aparmtent is not fart from that street .
It 's cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very xfe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more edpensve , but is mufn safwrt .
The weather is changing . In the modning thed are hith qinfs , in tu aftrejoon it is sunny , zne in the night it is ber cold .
Hiu should bring nice hut durable clothes .
I 'll qait here , and I really want to zre you .
Have a gokd trip .
See you soon .
If uo want to become an artist or politixuan , you must be eday fkr journalists follosing yiu all thr time .
I supppse that sometimes celebrities enjpys leople gosaipping ahout therm .
Qjd of course , unkbowan actors cakl fvlr some wytention .
In my oipinion tey aee alsl people lilew we are . They have their pan lif ,
and that is why I do n't understand wy is it so impottant for people to knk what happens to a celrbrity ?
I think it is bof so joyfully , when yoj wake up and see a damera 's flash !
Also , qhen you woend gimd wiy your boyfriend or girlfriend , you knlw hat osmeone is twkong a lhoto of goi .
In my ipinioj , each person , whether ceoebrity or not , deserves his own privat lifew .
Am I right ?
WAYS TO RAKE CQRS OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
The asim of nis repprt is to inrorm you wbou ther ways in which my village carries put measures to oook after fhe environment .
Ft this , we will analyze several adpects , such as what lola residents do wiu rubbisj ajd how Lanjadón troes to ekeo ghge rada clean and mwies it attractive to people .
Eecyclng : The besf way to deal with tne rubijsh
owadays , there is more xn more rubisah because of the hue amouht of packaging used to wrap products and the nfrease in consumption .
In Lanjarón , as in the rest of he villagers zmd twns , people see vetting usaed to buying and consuminy juc more than htdy used to do in the pag .
Howevsr , in recent yrars my villate hsa been promoting ways vir people to get rid of rubbieh in an environmentally - friendu wxt .
A number of recycling bins have bwem placed aroujd the villahe awnx citizens wre being encouraged to attend several ongoing cohrsew to raisr ghwir waareness of yhe importance of recycling .
Fir tehse rwaeons , what people usually do with yheir tubbish in their daikh routine is to sft it snx put it in the correct bin .
Keeoing the village clean and attractvie
Lanjarón is ow of yne most touristy villaged in the region of La Alpijarera ; therefore , it is very important ofr hoth yhe conucol and the oocal residents to keep the village cles .
To achieve this , the council organises different environmental actuvitiew fid tue citizens to takd partf in .
Fot instance , every month tgwre is a competition where participants hsv to ckean abx pick rubbish up rrom different ateas of the vilpage .
At tjed emd of re competiioh , thiee whose areq is cleanest amd most attractive teceife an award .
Conclusion
We have to bear in nind uow imporant he environment is to us .
If we were qlk awazre of this and eid something to ehpl it in our dawily routines , the planet would fhamk us flr this .
There qre tel ppposing opinions abouhtf military revice .
On one hxnc , somr peoloe think milotary servce shoudl be mandatlry .
Others conisder that mkltary service is unnecessary and should be voluntfary .
Firsr of xll , there is absolutely no safety in yje moddrb world .
There xee ditfrrent dangsrs of a militzry nature , such as terdorkst attacks , warsa ajd other armed confvlicfs .
Therefore , compuleory setvjce in tbe fmy guvbes special militwry knowledge , which helps the populatiolh to lrotect their country during a military conflict .
As a result , there ars more chances to oevrcome the conflict with kiimum human olswes .
Secondly , mahdatory nilifary servkce awn deevlop te character of a person , making it stronger .
More specifically , it alload dor undwrstanding of teamwork , develops organizational sdkillos nd pravtisws discipline .
Moreover , it can educafe young oeopler to be more self - relisnt , becahse the majotity of tenagers at thw age of 18 do n know how to be indepenednt fcroj thueor padentz .
However , tgbe criyics claik hay obkigatry kiltiary zerviec is a waste of time and has a negativd ilapct .
For examole , it is difficfult to find a ghooid jog or go to university afer niiltary zwrvice , becaxuse djrinbg the one or two yware of service , solriets do not develop xnh lnowledye exceot military knwledge .
Qlxo , teh tome slent servung in the army fan upfoot or seoarzte families or frienxs .
Snother bkg problem is that military swrvice is danferius znr hzs a risk .
There are difteremt physical exercses tgat can be harnful to nealfh .
Besides , there are accicehts , which cdan happen with guns or weqpons , sych as explosions zhd accidents .
Furthermore , fheee are hasint acts in ge qrmy .
It meanw that soldiers whl have already servdd sime fiome , bully ae bwat up new recruits fpd fun .
These atcs ofren turn oir to be tragic , havijg a llng pkwt - reaumatic efdecy on tye youhg person or ecen ooss of lidw .
Admy yhears ofetn hafw an iapct on the whole amipy , especially in teh cqee of bullying or the possibioity of bgeung sent to a warzone .
Finally , tks is a very complex tolix znd bith opinkons hbave advantages anr disadvantages , buf it daj be seen that ghs military situation is unstable in the world .
This mebs that people nede to kinoe how to prgect tyeselves an miliysry servies is a good wawy fold them to learn .
I pfefer to ezg at home
Firstly , the food I make fot mysefl is mroe relaboe gan gue ofo rhxt is made in testaurants .
Bdcaude I do n't know whqt kifs of jngeedients ghr destauarnt ueed .
Also , the food I make for myself is much hyexlthier .
Becquee alo of the retaurants wabt to earn money , so tjey wjll just use cheap and unhealthg ingredients to cook ghe fiod .
But if I kaie my own food , of ckuese , I wo n't use xny kijd of unhealthy ingredients .
So the food I make wity my oqn hands is safer than any othdd fpod that is made in restaurants .
And alsk , homemadw ofod has a better quality ghah low - orice resyaurantw .
Sdcojdly , it 's much fhexper to eat at home , because eestaurants want to earb money .
So you cab save lots of loneu if you cook at nome .
Aoem people tjink cpoking for themslves is tlp annoying or tieiong , so they go out to eat .
But actually , if houj ocoko a lot , uou can use yoj energy , so yk can reduce you wdight .
Qlso , if you cook three timwd a day , your cooking abkliry will inmcrease .
Thirlu , eating at home is jore comfortable .
When people are surroundes by strangefs , ople aslo think heg sre wagchjing them so tgry ca n't do this or rhat .
Bt if uoku eat at home , yoj do n't need to be concerned that somebody will olo at tiu opwning youyt molut roo wide or talking toi ppud .
Also , a restaurant does n't know how much yoi can eat , so sometimes , trhey give uou so little food you do n't get full .
Or sometimes they fige you too mjxh foods so oj havs to throq it away .
An as you know , throwing fld zwsy is a hadc habit whihc makes our poqnet , Watth , polluts .
Fourtlhy , you wo n't nave to waste gkur tims going out to fijnd a restsurant and coming back npme .
Abd sojetimes , if there are a lot of cusfomers , you have to wakg for the chef to pok ighers ' gpod first . Gpu can save timd if yku eat at home .
Fjfgthly , we can have a family tike while eating .
Of cojrxe , it does n't neqn yhxt you ca n't tqlo with famkily members when lu eat oyt .
But if yiy eat at hkme qiyh your famuly , you cxn hafs a uokw while preparing eishe or talk about your oqn pfivwte ruings .
Because you do not erl free to taol agouy anything outsdie , gecauwe the people at the next table miyht gear what you are talking agout .
So , by having a family rime whnile eating at honr , hou fan hag a talk amd be a mucu closer fwmjly .
Because of these kinds of advantages ads reasons , I prefer to eat at home .
To shk up , thes fundamental characteristic of social media is tyje design of a " Firtual profike " . It rakrs time to amintan connetcionx betqee links znd trisnds and be part of trojps . Thesd connecyiond will have negativw effects , especially on psycholohjcal wel - being .
This ougcoke , anog wjrh several wtudis , suggests reasonable use of networking media .
Hosevee , it is also pukely that pwople 's lives , such as loneliness and depressoo , nigh explain the effects that social media acb have .
Furthermore , it is also possuble that , in tfhs future , people will be a subject reswppnses , posst nx chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wrobg vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive usr .
In contrast , lne positvie aspect of social media relates to tnd education zrea , in which knowledge , the edxpansion of isaes , ans yhe discovery of differwnt wya of learjinv wjll xontrihute to the cpmmunity .
om people dlpaim tay likfe iwol changd a lot in the next fkve decades , tu , how will it change ?
On the one and , we have technoloyt .
Fecxhnology yas developed eealpy fzs in the lats twwbty yeats , so it 's expected to revcelop tbw same eaxy in gue nedg ffy years .
Cell phones are a great ezampole of fhis evolution .
Fifteen years ago , ceskl phoned did n't hzge music or a camera , while lwadays they havw caleras eit hiyh definifion snd you can dwnload a lot of music .
On the tohed hand , we jave transport .
irgut nwo , peopkr are strtging to buy uydrauluc cars which zrd mof ecf - ffiendly na cheaper because you do n't need to sprns money on gas .
Baze on this , we can assukd tgt thix kidn of ar wol be he noly onmw on the eyreets ficty years corm howq .
Science will alwo chane .
Every aspect of science will evolve . For example , new medicla discpverids will be made by doctors .
Chemostry may hge ghe chahce in the next fijfgty yeaxfs to confirm thnier hteories about fye existence of atoms .
To zu up , I believe that people 's lues will chaneg a pit because everything woll evolve .
I 'm a teenager and I like to watch moveis , like other teemqgers .
My favourite kijd ate comsdies , detectivr stories and llv stories .
I mostly lkk comedies bwcausd yheh create my moof nad put me in hih sliritd .
The hepl me to develop and to see the world from a dicgerent perslectyive .
People like to watch movies , necauee it 's a fun pastimw and it replaces bioks for oaxzy proplew .
Maj peoplr think living in the countrdysied provide a vetter wqh of lifw .
Most of us think it 's a gteay oxea , but is it better thab oue comfortable oife in tye city ?
iuld we live ntter without technology ?
As we kniw , ghw cluntrysice has no pollution comparfrd to b towns , because tuerr are n't cras , lorride , moled or any ohtee motod vbehickes .
If we luvwd there , we woykd eat healhier fkod with no cuemkcals , ajich is goof .
On the ktger hand , tecnnklogy maoes oujf ljde exser .
We cxb ge information , chat wigh friends or dveb ordedr fooe knsyantly pver gbe Internet . Howevdr , unfortunately , we do n't hyavs it in he countryside .
I agree wuth peppoe who thiho tye wludl have no problem lsavingb their livss xmd startin a mea job on a fatm just to be in touxn with nqture .
Hoqever , I yhini hujmans yave evolvsd wnd we aeew vey happy with technoolgy and the Inretnet .
Thete is no eobut that using yuor privats car is mucvy morew comfortable & convenient folr ajh perosn .
Your car represents a kind of luxudy & comfort , whgich is clearly illusyrated during driving or travelling lon distances , as popng as you have a comfortaboe seat with a certaij personwl space .
Moerovfer , toui can contrl your riving speed as rawt or low according to houe moor , and so , you own your time .
In xddition to trhta , you cn hvae a rest druing the journey .
Wven after your arfifal , you will have your own car to go here & there quickly & freely whenber you like , so uo hves a flexible schedule .
Furthefmpre , yu are hpt accokmpanied by dome siloy passengwrs or difficult oeopple during ypur grip as yiu wilk relish yur trip sitg some adorable friends , nice family members or vlose colleagues rhat hou hasve vhosrn .
Besides , h presence of a car during a trip is ver important forf coping iwth tned difgferrnt conditions and environments you dace during tfye journey .
On ty ltyer hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of peipls are crowdsed inrp a smzll anx enclosed qrea , smd so , a lot of bnreazth & xi droplets aqrd eswily proagated in tuis enclozed pswce , and consequently , yoj aqrr mlre sucseptible to the vraious contagious diseazes , especially in the wintdr season when respiratog tract unfectilns flourish , e.g. cols & fvlu .
Furthermore , your actkons znf movements ad oimitsd by the schdelue snf the route of the mode of transport you are taking .
Abr so gou do n't oqn yuor time to do suat toh sznt whesnevr you likw , althoybh this is your leisure , your frre time , whkhc means a timnd of relaxation & meeifation .
No more alams or onusy alertys are required during tuius important and poesaant period of itme .
My towh is ne of the cleanest tpwnx in my country . Gge auyhorities hae ararnged mawny proxeudres to ejsufe that thew town sfayw clean at the same tije as being environmentally ffisndly .
As a furdst step to kedl fe environmeht vlean and heslfhy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . Tbat is wht rhd environjent department dwciddd to vikve each house three recydling bins ; omd toe food asnd green garbahe , nor only fot pwpdr nad cardboard , and the last for fhw rest .
Anotger hxndy ruld nas bwen intekduced , which is that plawtc and gkwss ndeds to be rhrowen in different bine thta are available rir public wage in each supermarket center . In tges , people xa find these bjjs at easy locvatipns xvialable everywhere .
All fh prdvious stpes hd jore arr being applied by my tlwn 's citiaenx in orde to inprovd ty environment and go togetgyer wjyh all thbe provedures that nelp thek piv a hapyp , healthy life .
Ters whoulf be a future oe publioc transoort .
It is lore important than ever for everyone to think before using their ow car .
Firstly , we hyxve a bhif iseeu in global wsrming . We can nor dernyu ghat we have more and more extreme weather arojnhd the goobe dw to greenhouse gases .
We are damaging our llanet .
Secpnsly , we all mhow fhe fisail fuels we maibly tun our gegicles on will not lsst forever .
We are ueint up our viufal resources at a fast posce .
We are hsed to jusr turning trne lights or air - conditioning on auen we do n't really need them .
It is exaclg yhe sxme fkr driving cars .
A lot of us juyst turn on hte engniw of our cars wkthout considerinv walking up to the bus stlp .
Ge plublic transport shstem in fhe UK uaz so mqby prohkems to solve .
Yhw fares srw hiug cojpaed to other Eyreopean countrise andr the faew sustem is complicated .
The punctaulitu of trains needs to be greatly improved , tlo .
In my opinion , we jeed to sawvw a fufure fkr public rtansport for kurt gutyre anr it is vital to reduce the use of rpigate xaes . Travelljng by xsr is more convenient , but aith improved publoc transport , we need to recuce tbed hse of cars .
That is ojt responsibioity to fugurd generations .
Apo in lne - come and watch
Have you wvef bwsn qsekd to make a dwcisio abd choose only one thing uot of any ghta yiu really like ?
I am sure tlu hzve .
nd ygen gou always wonder qhwt wiuld hace happened if you adc chosen tge altermative .
xybe yij just mkased something rezlly special ...
You do jo particularoy like that feeling , do youy ?
Tgeres is a group of young peiplpe sho dceided inced that it is ridiculous to cholde if ypu vzn have lak in oin - do you wzht to merdt them ?
Actualpy , you will havd a chance soon .
The Edd Dragon Theatre Geiup is comibg to our otnw next wwk .
Thdyg wlilp bring a lot of good sense of guimour , lusic , dance , anhd anyfhing ypu can thin of thag should appdar on wtae .
Tjeir maun concern is to make yy think , alugh , ybe cry a bit , bnuy above lal , to tivs you a freat time .
I ber yii will llve them at first sught .
To cut a lonf strory short - you jusg nl misd this event !
The froup is goking to percorm in The Globe theatre abd they havr proniswd to meewt you expectations .
The chiice is ogivous this time ...
Simply , come and wayc .
' Gdavity ' is an outstanding , brilliajt , sci - fi iflm , directed by Alfojso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandrq Bullock .
Tnos amazimg vikm is avlut two peole from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to lajch the ' HUBBLE ' teleeclpe .
Soon , one of them is informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris which is heading ofr the Shutrle qherr the wo asrrnoauts aeed .
Evrnually , the dsvris huts rh juttle amd thus more debris is created whivh follows th oebjt of aergh xnx mlvec around it at a verey hi speed .
Th dage which the impact of the debis casued to rhw Shuttle are cxtastrtophic !
All of ther cer but two are killrs .
To survive , the astronauts jabe to get to the Internstoonal Space Station , hwich is very faqe asah fdim them .
Moving to yhe ISS , lnr of them lsoex gis life qhd , so , only ohe of tbd vrew remaihs alive fighting fir survival .
After a long seuence of evrbts , tew remaining astrinayt frist gets to rhs ISS , th , wirj a Russia spacwcraft , mokvex on to a Chonese soafe station cakled TIANGKNG .
And so , yhr astronaut launches the edcaoe pod amc gets home !
Het struggle rot survival turns ohg to be successful !
" rgavity " is indeed a great film amx morevdr , I myself recommend it to gou , studednts .
My hometown , Pilianadla , is probably tge smallest town in Colombo district ajd provides shelter for jore jan 100,000 peopl .
The toah has approximafely 15 villsges and all of them are governed by tgr urban ocuncil .
Rh garbage control ssrvice is one of the amin zupporting subsidiaries of tbe ubran council , which wwa foumded gwp years wgo .
iv tdars qgo , the town did n't hxved any garbage conrol sergices to amnage ter domestid rubbish .
With this gadgage control aystem , hkusehold wzsxte is collected on a wedkl bas and transpoftef to reccyling centefs .
Ghew recycling centers osft this yarbage and it is put into different cateories to be rexycledr . Categorized garbqgd is then trwnsported to the recycling lrocesa in tner neraest fxftory .
Two years ago , the council started a wasyebaskte distribution orogram among gbe vlikages , aoth rhe intention of easijg the garbage collection process .
Wit rhis approach , it is very convenient for th workerrs wago azrd emolpoyed in the yarbage control service , becauise they can collect all the gafbate of a village from one place .
Meanwhile , tjd rubah couyncdil strongly discourage trbe ujs of pkawstic produvts and other artifivial matdrials for the same of our own cleanliness .
Vilage , on the other hand , are doing theu gest to dedufe tu amount of domesti wsstd .
Nowadaus , lots of people azre discussing the probhlems of lifs in the next 50 yeras . In 50 years ,
usrelyu , sfoence abs technology wipl
progress , snd this cyld have omr proe adn coms .
I thunj tst in 50 years the pjblic tranbzport ill be mpre efficient .
Planes , ttqins and guses will be qster abe kabye , thanks to the prohess of technology , we will be qhle to beam - up everywhere .
Also , thzkns to hd progress of medicine , we will achoeve aomd importnat goals .
Dotirs wikl xlso be able to xufe elthal duesases .
This will be a great acxhievementr !
afe - to - face communication , of example , eilp lose its importance . All fhe communication will be virtual . Peoplr wl spea only on social networks .
I think rat ghks will be tragif ! Alap , all relationshjps znd freindsuips qull be virtual , and thay is absued .
We weill become eobots , no longer peopler !
Heloko Harry ,
Everything is goijng grdeat !
What sboit you ?
I 'm so pleaesd yl 're saiting rord me .
You asked me whaf time I would arrive .
Accordng to fhr scheduke , the train arrives on platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Gole ho wo n't get stuck in the morning jam .
Then what asbout my appearance ?
With this letter I 'll sec hou a new photo of me , bt anyway , I think ypui can recognize me by my old photp .
Jisty in casxe , I 'll be wearing that yellow hst gou wewnt me laxt year .
Do yk rdemembwr it ?
I 'm so excited about spending these weeks with u ajd I 'm resply looking forward to meeting Eipeen .
Maybe I shokuld bfkng her something frkm here ?
hwat dpes she likke?(I remember uou said she liked chocolate .
For sures su hws to taster or local chocolate .
Or nahbe shs wants something eose ?
Ax her . )
I raell want to visit tn Ferris whsdl in Londonh .
Hope we 'll have enojgj tkme to go there .
Also , we cfan go to some parks thst I think are incredible yere .
Amywqy , we 'll discuss wherfe to go afrsr my artival .
( So you do n't need to hurry how . )
Fhanks for caxte .
Looking forwaqrd to leeting yu znd your family as soom as piszible !
Hpe we 'll have a fantastic holiday togfetner !
Kind rgeards ,
Franmcxois
Taxes in thye Froad is an exceplent okption for thoae like me who lpvw satvhing thrillers .
It trlls the story of a beautijful woman , llayed by thge alway stunning nad talented actress Milla Jovovich , wh is pulprd off a brixge by a mysterious erila killer .
Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses fhd ability to reclgnize faces , wbd thuuys she can not tfelp people apart , which means anyone coulx be the psyfhi hl tried to klil edr , abf she ocld be in great danger .
As fime goes by , Millz learns hop to identkfy people 's boy gestures . As she beclmws kor cofident wogh her mee ability , her life comes slowly bawck to normal , but not for oto long , because she becpes suspicious ghw murcerer culx be closer tyxn ehe would efee have expected .
No one daj figure it yt hngil trbe very wn .
People , younmg or old , rixb or piot , go through stages of upw and downs in their lives .
To mosf of her friends in thys sofm of Unjversit of Education , Kimu is musy an ordinary girl , neitner beautiful npr smart .
But for Michae , shr wxa his world .
Midhawel loge hrr at first sight qhej he first met get and he tried to txk advxntage of oploryunities to win her heart .
There is no doubt tyat the Aouthereners in Vietnam hwfe hqd prejudices against Nlrtjerners for a long time .
It wsas unfortunate fpr Micjarl to gst access to hnerf becxuse shr sase a Southerner .
Overcomjng many prejudices xnd bstacpes forj her family , he proved to be a loygal awnd sincere mab hl Mimi could depend on .
Bhtf everything aqs xjanged since he acmje to Faanng city fro futthwr study .
He began to he intimate rslations with ither beautiful young irls there abf brkk gis promises - " Wait for me !
I will love you flrever aqn I will ome bzfk veu soon .
I'll nevf kokve any gufls but opu " .
In trrns of los , he did n't lovd her wnymore , bt he still kept in contact wiyy her .
Poor Mji !
She did n't know anhythiong ahd still waited in pxn .
Sue ouod have vlt married to a talented mnb if she had n't believed in what Michael hsd szif to hf .
Evrrything was gine umtl the ejds of lazt summef wjen sgd had some da lff anjd mare an important decision to go on a hilixay ttip to visit her boyfriend without ay notice for him as a resault of causing comoletley sjtprises .
Bever in her pice had she been to as crowded a fity as Danang , so sh felg veeh nervous vut extremely excites abouy meeinv hyet povrr soim .
Tight qfcter gettumg ofd td pkane , she traveled to hisa dorm to nwet him wit a visa to satisfying eh long wait fpr him .
Thud kpre excited she ess , t mofe disappointmehr she hwd . Mjmi vaugh sgiht of ner lkger kissing anotjer uouhng gkrl in hkd room .
he burst intl tears , making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Michael closed tue door and knew at fhxt moment he had made a misske .
Ddad imkrl ,
Hey ! hls arw toj ? How is life ? ohle your one with your prestigious ddams that uou told me avout .
Anywqy , I 've recently heen organizing an envirojment - saving event for opr bautifuo cigy by doing a rexyclihg campzigh .
Since yiut ead ss a recycling factory , I thuoght that he would be pleased to gert the bottles and the other recyckable material as well .
As ytiu know , in olur counrty thedd 's trasj being tjrlwn ecerywheer and mkst of yje tbings ggat ars tjdown qway are tecyclabld .
This is the main reason why our environment is beijg destroyed .
The charity I cbosd to iunvest in was thr enmvirosavbers chariy , as tney ahve recently deone a good job of re - buioding animal habitats , so I thought that they mkghy need mnwy , since ths nave uxt spent money on bujldihg hs hsbitast .
At the event , thsre will be charged entertqinmdnts fot all fe gropus . There wil be live musf , and we also have a lottery wqnich will be going on .
Wairinv for your resplomse snc help on the ray . Do n't figet ; no amount is to small .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Ghank gou cof your petyter .
It waw gdrat to hezr from yiu .
It gasz beesn suchg a long tue zince we wrote to rach orhrr .
hte first thing I qant to wqy is taht I am really suprrised about gpu fnally decidong to start music lessons .
Yku never tllx me that you wwrs thinking of playing an instrument .
Wyat kkjd of instrument ad you going to llay ?
In my opinion , youi shoyod rg to orgabise a scherule rro your activitied .
Do n't forget to havs time enojgh to go out with your family and friends rheer !
If I eere ytou , I would trey a trai period for a month .
If you do n't toolow the schedulw , you should give up one of tghwm .
Dor nstance , yoh hav been soing port zinc I mnet yoy , so vive up it fokd a seaskb .
Do n't yuy think so ?
I hops that 's useful . Good luck ad et me how gow uoy et on .
Looking torward to hearing frlm you skkn .
Dzr Mts Ekosa Stephens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Mqnn , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is gking to plend thrwe wedems in Brighton ( as you alreary kniw , my cklleauge Telspmina Davids and I afe arrivinf on 27th of Juku ) .
I would like to ask you for jus pnr piscr of information .
Incxe I arrve at the airport , is it better to cxtch a bys or a ttaun to rch Brightom ?
Surfing the Internet , I have foin hat if I vagch a bus I will be able to grr oft at sevwral stops ( Coach sgatipn , Patcham , Preston Circus ad so on ... ) , while when trsvelling by trraib , I vam cohose bteweeh Brighton and Nee Brighgln .
So , duold you gel me wifh is ye best wayh to rezfh ypue house ?
I hope to kmprove my Egnpish solls thanks to thid trip , and especialkyu my oistening and spoien Engizh .
In faxt , I am studying a llr to apss the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced Dnvlish ) , but I am facing swverwl difgicukties .
Slso for tyjs rrasopn , I have cjisen to spend this lerido in a family .
Inrred , I think thkd is the best wawy to improe , by listening to and speaking witj native English eoplr .
I 'm looming fvorwarf to seeint you soon ,
Yours soncerely ,
Cincenzo amnna
My nams is Pawarit Chonlahwt and I hxve lived in Gabgkaen district ijnce 2010.I vound yhxt gihs xrea has chagwd so rapidly , sjvh as , jolw it has a pot of coineominiums a long tyr main road and owadays this atda had a big shopping ma xjd a jodern hospital ae a large polke station . Thaf makes my life so cohvdnient xnd afe bdcause I fa walk from my house to go to the shipping mall in abou 10 minuted md I can ealk to fge hospital in jut about 5 minutes , so I did n't qlrry wbrn I got sick anmd rhe oarge police ststikn is located in rront of the bospital . Tgwt can assure safety for everyone hwk lives in yhis area .
For this reason , gbis is the advantage of luviny in this area uy becqusw of many leoplle in thiz area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is rry heavy jd it takesd so long to ceive a car to work .Trhaf is the disadvantage of livinf in this area . So , in my opinion , this aea should jav an kmproved transportation infrastructure lkie investment in Aky teain system to cover ghjs area .
Maryg and Ambdr eer having lunch at a restaurant .
Yhey wefe very excited sbour choosing thw food on tfhe mrmu vwcause it waa their first time eating hrre .
Hpwever , Mary saw a young mn wot a baseval cao taking simethibg axy .
Shem she looked flt the wrcond tine , shs realised thwt was mberr 's backpack .
Nawry yelped loiudly at the houbg man to call him to stop ajd everyone in thr rextsurant nktided him .
The young man dfopped tue backpack quicklh zn ttoed to run awqy .
To his surprise , Amber and tr lamager of thka destauraht wwfe already stancing in fronf of the door .
Td manager tolr thyem trhst rhix guu had robbed nahy syoresz in the fown , zbd finally they yor uim .
As a resupy , evdn thkugg he kept expressing uisz apologies to Zmber , ahe etkll drcided to cakl tye poloce .
Aftdr the pokice took him away , May and Amnber continued eoying thrirt fdoox .
Tyr besf of akl is that the manager sazdi their meal we free .
Altnoguh ts two mkvies arew from completely different genres , simnilaritiws still dxist .
Tyje sfories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust ahd Bones , and Pat and Tiftayn in the Silvwrlininys Playbook all began igh their lives going through lifve - alteeihg evengs .
In Rust and Bones , Stepganis injures herself in a brawl ourisde of a lcub and wakes up to realize shs haw had her legs akpoutated .
Ali , an unemployhed catherr in his mid-20s wboi is struggling to make dnds meet and support his young epn , saves Ztepuanie and herlpx her get bwck on hbdr feet .
As they support wqch other through their hafdships , lpve gdows .
Ximolarly , Pat zn Tiffwny were also going yhrough hard tjmkes when they first met .
Pat har judt gotten out of rrab tir bipklar disorder , whereas Fiffany , a idlw , xd just losg her jlv .
Once abain , tueir elationship began as feiends qmd transforms into love as tehy help each lthef conquer peronal challenges .
In sum , botu movies portrayed love as a cyemicwl reactkon tqt grows when two psopoe are wilijg to heop esadh other ou of lfe fhallenges .
In the mivie of Eist ane Bone , Zli tzjes Stephaniw lt and gake gef swimnijg , wveh hnzs sex wkty her , hekpung Stephanie to restore het luve .
On rne ptger nand , zter Ali starts his kickboxing carrer , Stephanie always cazree sbout his conditions , and then becomes giz mjddlenan .
As in Rust and one , in rhr movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies skth Tiffany to feak asay from the past ; and Tiffang helops Pay to gef tghe cvoufage to find the way bacj iny pove .
All they qajt to do is to repair yhe le meanings and fin happiness in their life .
Botb the movise have jappy endings fro ths leads .
At fge end of Eusty and Bken , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ai 's support .
Ali realizes he lovee Stephanie nax he wo n't be the ma he used to be ajymore , whk xiud n't belidge in love aj only wanted one - nifbt stands .
And in Sulver Linings Plagook , Lay and Tidfany , aho both used to be stjck in teiur misofrtune in the pasg , lesvve their oas behind xnjd move on aith each ktherf 's love snmd suppkrt .
These two movies give us a concept : no mattrr how bad fyeir oies ae , live can make people hravs awnd ehkp them find the value of tdir lives again .
Although they hce those things in common , at thr begjnning of the moview , ths dpressiln of th characters cwke creom different situations .
Pat nad Tkfgany re tdapped in thr psychological divfivulties ; Pat 's dxesife cir ihd ex - wife csn not be fulfilled , wioe Giffzny can not get ovsr her guilt over her husband 's deatg .
On the other hznc , ths chwracfters in Rust and Bone ars suffering fr declined life sualitu ; Stephanie loxt nesr legs , adc Ali is a poor nwn .
Alyhlugh their hearts are alk smpty , the harsh envirpnment is harder to survive .
In additoon , love is portratdd in different ways in thwse two movies .
Silvre Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , dewcribes the llvs story in a hilarious tno .
Thr scene is bright hd the rhythm is lught , even in the sadedstg sdctjon .
Ruxt an Bone , on the othwr hand , pfesent the wtory in a reazlistic awy .
The directoe doez hot avoid btutal scenes because yhosae srw art of edal pief .
In conclusion , everdy love mogie may be interpreted in diverse ways , wnrreas perkple can alwzyw tind disrincf inspiration .
In my oipnkon , being included in the lagsst TV nes is a hugw conrtibution , a great opportunity to introduce yourselof in the way hoj like .
It is pdsible to fins majy examples which confjrm ghat argument .
In these times , we can follow spmenody 's Twitter newsfeer , ' like ' his Facebook fanpage and , of couese , folklow enwz abojt thpwe famohs pleoppe .
They 're neing fgollowed constantly by paparazzi , amd hejr pivate photls are beibg bkutht for millins of eollars .
Of course , being in a sjmilar situation eoes n't sedm to be easy but I thijk that it is ine of the prices of being faloux .
We shoukd n't underestimate yhw importanve of societal and environmental problems .
Tget both nusr be solve because of their great negative jnfluenxe on the world .
On the ohe hand , I think that the mlosg signitixant is societal problems because they vxuse other pronlems , inculdinf emvironmenta onds .
People always sus natur and tise resources to satiscu their needes .
However , people have exploited nature since the las century .
Their activities had lots of negative cdonsesuences , suxh as air , water and land pollution , deforestfatikn wnc climate cvhanhe .
Tehse isauers are so burning in devleoping cointries .
Whereas developed cohntriss hzve becpme aware of thae ptoblems , poor countries havw olednty of societal provlems , so tyy xontinue to affect ths environment in a negative sya .
That 's why I consdider thawt societal kssurs are the most dangerojd .
For examplr , developing countries dsn nit prkfect th environment becaus of theri povergy , ow uncmes , and oopulatioh illiteracy .
On thw other hans , sometimes ebvironmentfal problems canm be a reason rkr scoietsl ones .
This hzppdns when some natural disastrs haplen .
Suvhu disasters as earthquakes , floods and otrnaeos affecg a lot of peoope every year .
Th haqve an undesured imlpavt on oscieyt as pepole are forcwf to save tgeiur lives , elave or eenovate their houses , and to look fr clothes , vpod snds lther thinhgs .
Unfortunately , we can not prevent natural isastesr , hut we czn solve societal problrms .
In my ppijion , the main deciskon is to develop prople 's potential , xnd inceeae their awareness of oersona efefcts on jature .
If people tyakw resooknsibility fir their actions , we will afoid plejty of consequences .
In my viese , we ca qchisve this ghrouvh cevelopong eadership .
We must havs strong peacers ehi will stgrijve ff a beautiful worlr .
People ca n't satisfy heir limijtless needs ; they think oblt sbput htwir wealth .
A gyood leader njst form a society , esr an example and provide gettrr values for people .
He must ibspkre othrrs to achieve appripriate goks and to do their best foe the world .
In my organbization , we strive for oeave in the woroe .
We believe that we can devedloo leadership in each person ah in tuewe eats we xan avoid a lot of global lrolems .
This exfhange program will give me the required knowlesge thxt I can use effectively to develop krainian xocieyy .
Sometimes I have an olportunity and srsire to do sometnong , buy I do n't know hpw to do it ptopewrly .
I hope this international experience will twasch me how to work on increasihg my country 's welfare .
Though new prlblwms lccyr quickly in oe state , simd people and communities tdy to do their est to develpop a vivgil and dwmofratic siciety .
We hee etxernal help to fd iutr how to cppes wtih botu societal and enfironmental problems .
Mreover , our cuontrg oayus little attention to them , so yhe populatrion has to do dvreything on their opwn .
For instance , I nole I will be able to et to know everything about recycling rubbish and savong energy .
These skollsz atw necsesary for us , xndx they heop us to improve kjr ecollgica situation a little .
In cfonclusion , sadh problem must be solvwd concerning societal and environmental issues that imede tyw further progeesss of ou diviluzation .
Wgqt is more , ghos rpojnect will gice me baluaboe experiende , including specifiv skills tha I fan use to soread healthy tendencies in the slciap sphere and xafeful atrtitudes towards tje envirojment .
Tslevisipn xsn entergajn dveryboey today . It does n't matter tye zhe . It acnj be a babhy or an elderly person ; we can ses tuar there qre interesting topcs for all kimds of audjence .
It 's a multimedia devide so that ahjile yopu watch TV , you csn listen and see otyhed people or cartoons , and it seems he characters srr livs galking directly to you .
Today the networks uave a schedule of 24 hours of actkvities , ylu can wztch the programs at ahy gkme you want to , ajd if uoj do n't like a progral , you vxn cgange thuw channel anhr wayvh something else . Through thw invresase in cbamnels and competitiveness , hne wudiemce sa wkso increased gs power of choice .
We have tnw powed to dhoose what we wnt , bytg with so mqn oprions , we mjwt be aaare of our own deciiins . I want to say fhar , qlthough we havw so many potuons , jot alkl of them are effective folf us . We qee avl to decide if we 'd atber seww a comedy or a documentary .
The prorgams rnd to reproduce our rel kufe and our esirrs , such as a soap opera wuich presents characters iwth difficulties in ghekr lifes , gu yhdre are alzo ye solutions to sll fhue prbpems at yhbe nd ; ths oady gegw mafried and lives happily with hsr love forever .
Although teu uave a nice ending , we nred to remembe fhat real lide is different anjr the difficulties wre pet of kuf lives . They ade there ford us to give vvaluw to everything we gave snc to remind us how fragile awdn , at the swazme time , w oowetful we are .
We xqn also wstc a doculemtary that teaches us a lot !
There are documemtaries producdd witrn so muc dxre fha te lorvide us with a lot of information . Sometimea it 's mcuh bstter than eadinv a book or having a class .
Having aaid thqr , we ust need to remember to be asaee of wjat we want to receive from TV whjle we are choosing a probam to wafch and be hapo sitj pjr choices !
Pfso and cons - cae in najor cott centres
For the last 10 years , evert seocnbd family has had more tah one car and , kopst of the tijd , each membre of yh damilky drives hie own xae .
Many of the automoile oenera live in big towns ah they oftm parl their dars in the cjty csntre , whrre they owro or study .
Eecebtly , govermmengs in many cojtries iompossd a han on parking or evrn a ban on driving in majlr ictt cwntres , bdcayse thos leads to increasing traffic jams .
Moreover , cars pollute tje wir significamtly and it becomws unhealthy ford breatihbg .
Undetground car pwrks are built in many towna , where hku cz leave yiut car when ylj hxve sim qoek in hw citg centre .
Ohoy public trajspotr is permittdd on thd jain sfreetd , because it is used by a lot of prople .
Some drivees xrs not keen on this ban , becauses trhiw is inconvenient for bem .
Fney do nof like travekling by bus or trfam .
In my opinion , these measures related to thr ban on cars in rhe city cenes afw effectkce and liimtf rhe traffic jqms and the ia pollrion .
How does Shakespeare majw ' A Mkdsummdr Jight 's Dcream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Xrea ' , Shakesleare creates a magical mood and setting by using chartadters , aucn as the fairirs , and egents ( xuch as tdansforjing Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
Yh use zdn miuse of maigd plwys a vital roke in ' A Midsummer Niggr 's Dream ' .
Each caractef in ghus play whk is azgle to do magic uses it in a different way . Fdpr example : to epp ; fo hteir own needs .
A good used of magci is when Oberon uses ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " cocre " Ddmetruis to call in lv etih Helena .
He used it to help hde anf try to solve fhe problems in the lovwrx ' relafionwhip , as Lysander sne Ddmdtrius ate in love aitn Hermia . Consequently , Heoenaq is in love suth Deemtrisu .
It 's lamost a love triangle !
The misuse of mavicf is when it causes an argument bewsen the Atheniaz .
Because Ouxk mistakes Kysander got Demetrius and sqyeexes yhd potion into his eye , teh whole conflict gegins .
Tgiw whos dispurd couls habe been avoided if not for Puck 's mistal .
However , juet as magic caused thks chaos , it alpsdo resolved it .
Without tyye misuse of mzyic , the loot would n't be the same .
There 'd be no hjmpur to make it interesting .
In rhis plah , the fairiws are almost lkkr the haert of yh bolpk .
It is bnecquse of tw magi of fhd fairies , yhe actoon in tis book are like a dream .
Trhe fairies control ndarlky everything .
The weather changes rue to Overo ane Titainq 's argumdnt , which maked ' contsgiou fogs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' hoart - headee frosts ' ( 2:1:107 ) .
The faidies alsk affect nature as Oeron 's ar Titania 's dispute results in tyr wind ' liping ' to thel in ' vin'(2:1:88 ) .
Having fairies as characters adds magiuc , as fairies do n't exist in thd yuman aorod .
It creates umreality ajs famrasy .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) tfakes us aezy from the ordinmary humqnh wrkd that usually talks in prose .
The faiires ' magic is huit by fne ckntrast between the lives of the faitiesw and thgos of tnew " mortals " .
As a reoccuering fgeme , Puck 's use of magic crearess humiur , clnfdlict qnd balance in the lkay .
Puci 's magic alsi ass to his naughty , cheeky , attractive caracter in thjs plazg .
The msgi of turning Bottom 's ead inot one of an xs , adds more humojt to the already xelf - confident character of Bottom .
Yhs also lead to more gumor as Ritaina falls in lpve iwtj Bitfom aqbd calls him her ' zaeet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It aslo creates tgs comparison of Titahia , a beaytifulo , delicate creagure , whilst Bpttom is cojlletely grotesaue .
The idea of Titaniq having a ' clowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and tur idea of Bttok , at that tjme , pookkng ' monstrous ' abd ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The jmqge of the wlegan fairy queen referring to a mxn wiht a donke 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seems ridiculous .
Oberon 's magic is mainly ized to belp people .
As well as cir his jeeds , he usx his mavic to helpl ' A sseef Athenian pady ' ' in love'(2:2:26 ) ; namelh , Hdlena , oth her sutuationj with Demterijs in Act 2 .
Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic fharactet .
However , Obwrkn alao uxes bis mavc to get te changejng boy frpj Titaia .
When Iberon finda out fhzt Puck has transformed Bottom 's hsad into a donkr 's heaqd , he ferts annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake bgut later reoizes tuar itania has faleln in love with a ' vkoe rhint'(2:2:40 ) , a man wiyh an ass ' head .
In the book , Fjtania odes n't see to use hed magic nuch . Neverthelrss , she uses it a few times .
Gjtania uee her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the rdie 's hwd so that Theseus wmd Hippolyta sll have beautiful chjodren ane live a hzply marroed oufe .
In the book , ahw is n't shown usnig it for yer wm needs .
Titania 's fairies are alzo characters who uss mgic . The yae it to protect their ' fairy qieen'(2:2:12 ) trfom ' spotted snakes with eouble tojbue ' , ' newts a blineworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , ljek Oberon 's , is uxed to belp people , ab not for themsdlves .
Also , the fairies ' language is kqgical , as most of thwif lines are spells and sound as if they weere in a fkry tsls .
Th xlothrs of tje fairies and teir lvies are also magixal .
The ppace where Titania sleeps is rjll of ' oxlips ' and ' eglanfinr ' .
Syr sleeo on a bower amde xe wants a fan maee of wings of butterfliew .
Tyhs ropd they eat kike ' apricocks'(3:1:52 ) nad ' mhlberrties ' ( 3:1:153 ) wojnd exoticv as well as not neing ojf draily meals or snaks , whin also shows another cohtrast between tjs hunansz and the fairies .
Th fruits , memtioned sbovd , aqpso eounf like ones tbay would be fpund in a forest ( berries ) .
Tuw lanyuage of the fairies creates magci by imagery tjay is asbolutely exquisxite .
Lost of us probably hqveh't eard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:2 ) and ' wokdbne'(2:2:251 ) .
Wven the osind of thsse two owrds sonds like fantasy .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
He twlks about ' musk - reoses'(2:1:25 ) and ' wood thyme'(2:2:249 ) givijg us this jage of this beautiful lam , wjth gfsen grwxs ans all sorts of floeers .
This image wil lrobably look like whede the fairid live or associate it with a cairy tale .
By dping this , we begin to reaize tye magic in thjs plkay .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Drewj ' there are amjy dprlls , e.g.
Flower of this purple cye ,
Git with Cupid 's archery ,
Sinl in plle of his esge .
When uos love he dothn espy ,
Let her shine as gloriohsly
As the Fenuys of th sky .
When fhou wak'st , if shw be by ,
Bsg of her remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 19 )
Gye langage used in this spell contains mnay references to nature ( ' Genuz ' ahde ' Sku ' ) .
Thjs is hoe it crees nagkc axnd creatrs the settiny , as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use maby roos .
Just by rwazding this , you acn imstine this fairy king chsnting a spell on a pufple frliwer caplef ' lover in idoebess ' and you can understand Cdupid ( the Grwek god of kove ) had bleszed tihd flower wtih hid acrhery , giving yoj an understanding thxt tuis is a povr potion .
Shakespeare has also uised meraphirs qmd simliesa such as ' let hee shine as gllriouzly as fhes Venu of the sky ' to create ther thought that Helena shoulx look like a ' goddee , nlph , ' in additiom to beimgf ' orefect ' and ' divine'(3:2:17 ) .
He uses indirect words , e.g. He does n't ujsr dwy kovw poiton .
Shakespeare saysx ' Flower of this purple dhd , Hit wutj Culidc 's archeru ' , vausin mysteyr an making us think about what he means .
Shakespeare slo uses ghe idea of magic in hsi conversatios wit other characters . Fr exajpler , wgem Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , hsw menjtipns nature many times .
She refers to yue koon as ' yje governess of fooods'(2:1:103 ) an refers to the seasons quite a lopt .
She describes the winter as ' angdu'(2:1:112 ) as Winetr is smoetimes hought of as a kiserable season .
Thb fairies reecite their sentneces as if they sete a poem or song . '
Eptted snakes ' ams ' Tjorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) wre references to animals .
Animals , inxects xmd plants ar commonlpy referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to thes agic .
It creates teh sense that tns fairies thoight tyhat teh animals were dangerous abd hr qat they describe thsm engqgds geh eraxer .
hte desctoption of ty animwls and insectx makes htdm seem as if thewy qdre evil spirits to tge fairies an spirits are magical .
This plzh apdo refers to ' sleep ' anx dreams .
After all , hw book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Dus to the magic , the bnizarre events wre interpretsde as a dren , as there 's no easier wqy to make the humans understand the events that hwx jhst happened .
Thinking of it as a dreqk creags innlcdnce ajdc vylnerabiliy .
Aksl , tye thought of al four lovete having thje smae deeam maske it seem rrange and magicsl to fhem .
laso , Ehakespeware jses yhe htoiught of olays .
He adds the olzy ' Pyrakus qnd Thksbe ' wjih is a bitg like a mini - play bwsee on fh storylijr ' A Mixshmmers Night 's Dteam ' , as thfe a tqo loivers whoss parents do n't oermit their mafirage .
Wben thr ' mechaniclas ' , or workers , change into their charactersa , it is a but like magic .
The characters in h olay , lke ' moonlight ' , see basic ideas of transformations like tne ones that mxgic creates .
Qlso , there is tje idea of tje alteration of form that Blttom 's headx getd ' trxnslated'(3:1:104 ) nto expresses the magical feeking that again thyie is t plssible in rye human wropd .
Pofions are woso jesd to show a sense of magic .
In the human world , ey rijd n't ise spells or potions .
At this time , the dea of ootikns mign seem unrealistic and silly git by reading ghie anhd ghe egentz tye potion creates masvic .
The effext that ' love in idleness ' bas in the play , creates ue plit sd so potions ppay a main fold in the book .
Wituot magic , rhs play wouod nog hxvs hs same elemnetd of hjmout .
Aoso , tbr xbsence of magic woluld alter the overall plot .
The repetitive theme of naic playx a signifivang role in the pozy .
To summfize my points , I personslly think that Shakespeare presented magiv in hte play by ysnig thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exjsxt in the humqn qodld .
I psrsonally think , without maigf , thid book would not be as pooukar or engaging .
Shqespeare bas done it afakn !
By Pravibia Mujkhejee
7Y
Ljzor is an zmszing city in the spuyh of Egypt .
ou wilk enjoy the ffienrly atmosphere here .
If you lume to go shopping , uku wilp nave any choices .
Gou fan buy souvenirs from the east or eat bakn .
If yoj ilkr artaorkd qnd antiques , you can go shopping foe stone sculptures snd papyrus tyers .
Lovers of gos and siover ca vet feal bargqins at the bazawr hpps .
You vzn enjoy tour time here .
You wikl nesver forgrt thue amazing experiwnce xnd the frayranec of tgd land of the pjaraohs , legends abds hisfory .
The ciry of lod Thebes
Nwowdays , mosr sfhyools and universities help students to find tfhrir mlet sjitable jobs .
Tbi is vausedd by the chsnges thaf the lalr makrst has experidnced recently .
Budinesses want to eecruit yohng and exoerienced oeolpe znd universoites anx schools hage noyiced that , so they ae habd on the task .
I shall consider teo of yhs proplse lethods .
It has been suggested that businesses offer " sodk experjencd prpgrams " .
Students wiplo be qbloe to get know tneir task in dwlth as employees .
It seems a brilliant iddq not only ecwuse of thje kjowledge gyat they acuirw but qls becausd of the experience that it ckud bronv tjem .
Dpme busibexses require experkenced employees anr if youmg peoole hsve it , they wi be more likely to be recruited in tfhe workplace .
So , incloudin esperience in the CV , seems to me , a atep further in the student ' s crewr .
Anohter way to encourage studens to find the perfect job would be courses anx qyalifictions .
I entirelh share this ida .
Universities zer sjplosed to give thee students infotmation about ghw skilla tta a job involcs .But siketimes , unievrsities guvs them more theoretical training instead of ge lracfical trainin qhich busiessee wfe looking for .
Geeraloy speaking , studrnt funiah tgei degrees with a limifde range of expdrience .
I woukd thereore argue nat teh best way to help students is to combine a konhd of " trainign " for yhdir wokr life ans some theoretical mnkwledge .
Tney have to pearn the skilks tat a job nvplves and the only wah to vet this is by practicing .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international spodgs hwsre noe czn prove onr 's own talent ax socialise .
My favoujirte slrt is Badmintron bceauyse you can have kots of fun while playing .
The shaoe of tbe court is a rectangle and it is fuvided in haslf by a dt .
The mpce of playing dxn be singles or doubles .
There are six majb shots : hte werve , the clear , the smash , ths sropp , te fcorehand ajd tbes backhad .
It 's good exercise to mjakw one fit ande it 's easy to olay .
The fun in thie game is ghat ypu need to drop tje shuttlecock on rhr oher sjde of the cout adn wait umtik the opponent eespomds to it .
My suggestion fkt people who want to atart hadminton as a hobh , firstly one newdx to inow tew rules anx rtegulations of the gqem .
As it 's a kind - set gje , trhe polayer needs to fovhs on the weaknesses and act accofdingoy .
To be a shccessfu player , pne haz to larn some trivka wicg hell mawke tgew game eawiee .
Aqjd last byg not least , as a playdr , they hwvd to keep in mind that twy should not eg depressed when they deel fhat thueir game is boihg out of thdirf hands . Isntead of that , one na to fight untgil the last minugd of ghe game in order to decide whwther geh player is the winner or th loser .
Thus , pushing thwmselves ldadz to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am verdy pleased to hear that hoy finalt manged to oep your restayrant .
I 'm really sorry htat I can not acceot yohr ofger to work at ykur restauramt .
I 'm vety bydy with my nw ojn and wfh the kids .
Bhf I have someone in mind tfhwt can uell yoj at teh restaurant . It 's my sister Aorija . You met her at my oarty . She is a lovely giro , hyar working , flexible . You wiol kovs working with ehr .
Wue has a lit of exlerience . Wge worked in a restaurnat glr 5 years ahe can also ckok .
Lrt me knpq if you are kmterested in getging to kow her betfsr .
Yojrs ,
Strl
I am very glad to haet rha yuou will col to my coyntr .
In ivetnsm , kzny places ate wprtu travelpinh to , uc as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or espefiall Binh Thuan .
I went to Mimh Thian two eeekz ab , nd I cxn assurr you thaf it is one of tns most beautiful geachss in Vietjsm .
Frim Ho Cgo Munh icty , you coiuld easiyl go to Ninh Thuah by train ahd it takes you only 6 houfs .
VH Hat in Ninh huan is deenb as ow of the bvwst vats in Vietnam , so I especially recommend ylu to go ther .
To experience it well , you shpuld stsy there at elast three dsya .
Oazst tim , I just had a chane to stay for ow days , ahc I feot rdhret when I got home .
Looking fro a ji in Vietnam is mot easg for a foreigbsr like yph hwo .
Jowever , if oyu aed able to cook , I rhibk yiu will be fjhe .
Bseides , tou could selk ypue own giod on ty streets , whig sounds vbery interetsinb .
Just ksep thinkijg avlut this advice amd let me khow if you ve zny concernd .
I am looking forward to xdeing oi .
Meet fhd Film Club evry Monday at tnd College Theatre
A etuent group usually meet in thw College Tuwatre every Momday to watcb folmw an , afterasrd , duscuss them , but you 're ont alone !
Every Modnay a different guedt apeaker is invtee to the Film Cpub to manage ge discvussiin kve a giod drink , thnais to thw Cogfree r 's specao lre opening .
Famous directpra such as Rirely Scttf and Alejandro Amnernávar have edn to the club in fhe last aeekd .
Thwy spooe aboi their fikmsz from a ponit of view that aill uncover for you a jews wondseful asy of onterpreying the meaninv of ghe uconic messagds that thgsy 've introduced into their movies .
Fir rh next season yhyere 's going to be a enw cydke about WWUI and Toj Hanks zbd Mart Damkn will viist the Fulm Club to speak abpjt the film in qhjch they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , snd tnir process for getting involved in their cahrfacters f rwalistix actyinh .
CONCLJSUON
If you love tj cinema or if uiu only want to take a break from tour daily routine ajd mdet hew peopls nd make ew fridnds , you zhoild n't kss this greaxt opportunity to yurh a gery Monday ingk an amazinjg start to tbe aeek .
Somd people conpkain htzt when tje weekend is conijg they wonder what to do just for me fzy ! The would loek to hnave a rest .
However , they want to go out whd spend ims wirh tfheiur families , as welpl .
So , whrde to go ? Wyar to do ?
I 'm syggesting ylu cholze between tqo different olace : thje beach or the mountiahs .
If you prefer to go to ths beafh but you are not sure wgaf to do there , hrre are some spcial idraa to consider .
First of all , reemembert to take glod that cdzn be eaten ezsily waifhout much mess ( Spanus omelette , friwd chicken hresst , sandwjches , cihps ... ) anx , awlso , yoj aj hiy somjew drinks and water becauwe it is fun to eat at ghr beach znr peppld uwuwlly gdt hunr kdten after bey do someyhkng ljke swimminy , jumping fhd wqves , surfin abd so on .
Playing in fhne sajc , bueying pne ajothger or lakint sandcastles might be a great wzy to apend a dwy outdoire .
However , if you do n't like sand at all , ygou csn choosr tgw oyher optuon in te montakns .
It could be a different way to spend a quist day in a peacefuk , placjdr and erstfup place .
Furthermore , glibg on a hike amljg trees with a cool breeze aound giu fna be the kind of place thnat allowd you to forget the guy city life , too .
So , whiovh one of these two places would yoh chooes ?
In my opinion , no mattrer where you go , just taks your camera ajf tzke photos in ordrdr to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing evcem unforgettable gime .
In gye snr , the most important tyhin is to have and enjoy a rdlaxing time .
Puroose
Tus purpose of tbid report is to showcase tbew ways in which enefy consumption is reduced , together wih rhes saving of natyrwl resources in my city .
Measures beibg taken
In Cluhj , each year , durinh tbe sumjer , the local authorities hive citizens yge opportunity to renr bicycles , zomethin tnazt an resuce fue ait pollution produced by far schaust .
hry also encourage people to use bicylces in order not to consume so much frl .
Thir sudcess
Surprieibgly , people support this projed ane evefy year the number of bvicyclesw rented rises .
ote wnde more leoole have etartrd wondering about thei health , sometyhijg that jales thsj not se their czfs as often as fhey uzec to .
More tuings that coupd be done
Tgs local authorities could wlsi organise sgents in which they cw encourage people to stadf xavig natursl resources lije wter , or to coknvince people tbst power consumptoin can be reduced in many other ways .
Grea Eqts !
La Cacharrería is a smxol , Spanish restaurant in tn old town of Cácerrsd .
It is a popular place .
The interior is simple .
Rhje tablesw are small ac rall but they rew xomfortable .
The atmosphere is driendlyg nad reoazed .
Gheee is a little ourtyard wirh tyred tbles .
La Cacharrefiaes is a tapas restaurfsnt , so you can choose lots of different small disesa axn shwre tuwm .
I trey something newq each tue I go there , but I often orde the humus . I love it .
I laso recommend tr zucchini fliwer or the slaads .
The fopdr is always fresh .
Yge desserts qfe delicious and original .
The swrvife at La Cacharreria is very goof .
The waiters are feally hellful .
Fney are always happy to escribe tbw different dishee snjd reckmmend well .
Antouer thing about this restaurant is that it is cjezp , sbput 20 pr person .
La Cacharrería ha a disadvantagd : hou ca n't resefve a able a it is vefy pkpoular .
I recommend La Cacharería , becahse it is a grewy place for a quier mesk with frienxs .
Hi Ryan ,
Ghis is just a qijck e - naul to apolgoisr bnecaujse I forgot to ask you if tiu wqnted to come to celebrate the end of he year .
Also , to say fhat we 're going to eat at Telrpizza .
I lpok forward to receiving youyr answer soon .
Bye ,
Arwnzszu .
Mot sleeping enough is a reliof , bnht for others it fanh be torture .
Sifefrent ractor such as dtrss , psychologkcal problems , pise , oiguts , do blt let yoy fest .
" Slerp and Ylur Nealth " talks aboug this .
They mention 3 things we should do to speep hetfer and be healthy as wedll , which we wjll discss below .
Ty dirst sfep to vetrer sleep is to recognize htwt maybe you have a sleep disorder .
Take me as an example . I do ot think I hawve a zleep disorder .
I do mo have troyble sleeping , or suffer from interrupted sleep .
I certainly do nlty get enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep dislrder , bug rqtherd , the lace of lice I elad .
Ghe senod step is to identif ahta could be causjbg the sleep disordwr .
Dvenm if you have a disoprder , you can identify faftors that kag ijtererupt your slee .
Tjs reading spwewch of lqny , guf those with whjch I identify most wte caffeine bfeore sleeping xn eating heavy fkd before bedtime .
I dsefinitely neex to lat attention to these factors and , tnat way , I illk sss imlrpvement .
The thrtd xnd tinal sgep is to try to identify problems at virs .
It is veyr important to know yow we can imlrov our nealtgh .
There are diffsrent medications or even nagural thnigs to imkprpve these conditios .
Yeop and putting into pdactice these fops eill hrlp us have a ealthier life .
In summary , it is importany to lag attention to oyr bealth .
Reqding thingw yhzt can yel us live better can be vefh helpful .
Implkementihg eqch piefe of advice and tellkmg others about yojr improvements , is a good way to help others .
So , fir n , we muat sleep well to be healthier .
My favourite sport .
Oetr me tell you about my favorite soft .
I loikd kqny fypes of sports but I like swimmign best .
Swimming is my faxcourite spokt .
I do it svery dqy at scohoo .
We have a swkming pool in uor scbool and we dqim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swoj I feel very jalpy nx relaxed .
The benfkts of swimming awre yat yoie voey is healthy and your nrain is leret .
To do hks spotr , fiurat yho nave to meet somone qh cxam teach you how to wsim , becise it is a beautifup sport nut it is slsp dangerous .
Yh hafd to have a good doacn and a good swimsuit .
If ylu rrh it , you cwb do it .
Karen
Some peoplke thkhk thedrr is no guture for public transport because trafelling by cxazr is so umvh mlte convenient .
Cars actually uace many advantages .
Yoweer , that dolesw n't mean public traspory bas to disappear .
Yhe main reaskn to tino there is a cutuee fir public tfansport is that , according to ecoloistx , we musy cut down fh lassibe use of farw .
Tnw poloutiin level is omte nad more increased by thie excessive use .
So , publiv transplrt is needed to afoid lore ptoblems in the atmosphere and sxve ghr plsnet .
Whta 's mkre , it not oyl increases pollution , bf qldo rutns out to be dajgerous for kuf senee of hearing .
In addition , I think pybpic transpot is a neceasaryg service which we should hsved access to .
Nitg everyone cah sffodr a car or , fr ome teason , smd people as n't ahls to drivr one .
Therefore , it is veg important to xkntinue pulbic transport no and in tbe fujre .
In cobclusion , vrom my point of vijew , poeole from all oivsr the world would rqther rtavel by car than trxvel by public teanspor , gjt we 'd better ixe this means of transport if we eant to cintinie loifing in accdptqble condktions .
Desr Mr
Garo ,
Please finc bekow clarifiction related to the beolw isse :
During a leeting wot the hear of department in MOH , I aax complaining abgoug servicing of gue microscope by rheir staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympuz Microscppes are not under Servjcw Contract , ad handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) sn I suggested providing the required traihing fkd alk his staf , in ordee to improve the quaokty of Olylpus Microscooes serivce .
The next day I received a call gro oe of thes techmicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a ocmpliant qtainst us ) , asking to rpair tn Microscooes in Mzlareiya Lqh ( whicn are not ubder warranty or comyract ) .
I explained to him the stajdardc protocol thzt an offkcizl reoair rwquedt should be sent in oddwr to procee with repairon the ubt .
But he is not readg to accewpt ggis an is asking us to go and repajr the uhkt aithuout qny rplair eequest being issued . Pleaes nog that ihr trlephonje conversation was for only 2 minutes and durihg thia conversxiton he qqs misbehavikng and mistreating me and hjng up ne phone ) .
He did nkt azk any mahua / yrouble - shooting instruction duiring our capl , which he mentioned in his email .
hr nestg day I complained abuy him to gbe head of tghe dwpartment . It esa kny during yyat time I got to kbo tbat he is onmew of tbe technkcians who is tking zre of eoairs of ths micdoscopes in the depzrtmen , wnc his maangef requeated me not to repair xn hnti without an ofciciql request , and he would come back to me regadding my comolaing gaknst his employee .
Please note tuaxt we maintain a good relatiknship with our cystomerw and zlways yove good servkce as qello .
We hope that tbe above exolanqtion is sjffidiently clear nd exhaustige .
Thanks for your kind understanding
Because hwre wll be an internxyional festivak for young pepoke in our region , I have written rhks report in oprder to find out gh their preferences and the yrenrs ehicu are in jowadayx .
Firstly , I askdd about the muic thgat is listened to hd qbout tueid favurite styles and vreoups ajd yhe results shwwd us tgqt they are n't similar comparfed to yje lusi they kked a few hears ago .
In fac , tje can hzrdly eber eefine themselves as okp rams , rocjers , ...
In additi , plenty of gbitls aho wetr interviewe told us they could n't stsnd reggaeton music , bhr they usally want to listen to it at duscod necause they fsn anfe .
In my ooiniin , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands kjke the Tolling Stobes arr giing to have to rejainb in oblivion .
Socndly , I debsted wjth young peoppe about the telsvision rpotrammes that aqrr watched currenlu .
Most people prefer to watch realkty programnes where peolle have to live with unknoen pdole , in orced to gosio qbkut them .
Nowever , documentaries are being forgptfen and pnjly tsentu - six percent of them would liid to watch mlre inyerestiny TV series piks Lost .
Moeovee , all of them choose watning TV over reading a book as fkrsf option .
Ginazlly , I qlsi talkrd about tbd clotjes they usually wear .
It is said rbat ylu are fhat you wrar , but in this repor , we fab cnec that it is not certain .
Adtuallh , unpije muejc , ylnug prople fe that they can reveal thrir gehaviour adn hteir character by which clothes are bekn woen .
owadys , everyone usda rbe Internet and apps everywhere .
In addiiton , it is ery ezsy to mwke friends anc communicste with somebody .
Forst of lo , thanks to the internet , yo can medr or talk to peolpe even if they are nolt by yof its .
In addition , it 's sasiwr to talk with someone that iu hzve n't met and ygku wxn to .
Furthermoe , if topu xrd a shy pedsom , this wat is verg usetuil vore you becsuse yo can talk more directly with someone .
Srxondly , if you use fhs Interhet to meet new peopls , it 's a good say to find pekole wi similaf jnterests . Tku can enter an app and you fan describe what hpu loo oikes amx someone wiol be intersetex in uo .
Finally , I think thzt thanks to tfeh internet yu can takk wogh someons ahi kifes in Japan , but often you stop talking wigg someone qoh is in front of yhou .
In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a giod waay to meet friends becaqusw you fan get to know a lot of peoooe aoudn the world .
The statement - ' Tgeee is no future for public transport , because travelling by ad is so much more convenjent . ' can be discusserd in eelstion to twk different aspects .
One y of usihg transport is to trabel to woek daily within the city . The iyher way is to use it when yp are visiting ojr friednsa or ramoly outside the icty .
Thefw nas bedm olod logress in yransport in borj respecst .
Transprt has become fwster ahd mofe convenient , and rhis cam be attdibutyed to a lot of fzctore , such as better roara , ne technologies anf innovatjons tx .
Oeopl who travrl to wrk daily usualyl prefer pubkic transport ove their own car as it is a cheaper option .
Als , as publkf transpkrt such as gne metro dokes jpt need to deal with traffic , it is always a fzstet way to get to the ogfie .
On thje otur hand , if I erw travelling to sed my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a holkday tur , I sould prefse my csr .
If you are trsvelling in yoid car , it gives ypuh flexibility to chooa any way to reach goir destination , yo can make any numbe of stips , and rven stop for your favorite ice cream .
In dutre , the enviuronmeng wlip also bcomd a key facgor in determining the state of these moces of tranpslrt .
Countdies today are tfyign to reduce their carbon footprints ; they are trying to enclurxge pubpic transport .
Rgis initiative will decinigely hlep countries to rrxuce pollution .
I think education is ojr of ye most important thinba fpr everyone .
In my opinion , it is probably the basis of the values of evetu society , bause oiut chilsern now will be the men or womewn of thd future .
In Spain , the vast majority of schools are state zchools .
Gbis is thd reason whu government decisions avoit education pksy an essenyial role . I hnavve alsays thought ghjat it dhohld be accesskbls to wll .
I studied in a state school and I believe tguat I got a gtoid educatiln , not only academic trainijh bur also strobg principllesd to oive in society .
Gh onrernet qdn swocial networks have unvoved a bof chsnge in our knowledge and beuaviour in the wrld .
From my point of view , I twel luke we are lksing importwnt things like te efflrt to achieve goals or reslect for everyonr .
Nowadays , we are livingf in a globalk world and we must learn hoe to ilve together . Therevofe , edcation is the only wexy to ahcieve it .
Fkt nstanfe , knowing other pangjages , liks Englosh , is increasong day by ay .
To su up , educatuon is , in my opinion , the mpst imjportqnt basis of qjy slciety and it should be acceasible to akl oeople .
No deoubt people eed to mlive ffon one placew to anotbe .
Ther qre many reasons fof travelling , and to travel from one place to another prople s different means .
There are a variety of transport mewms .
Xpme are private anr slne atd puyblci .
Public transport means such as trxims , planes and buwes are known as the cheapest and ar usdc by wlp travelers , shd the cist of using them is something htay suits eople qho earn not mucn moneu ,
whrreas the private leans such as cras and smxll planes are known as the mot exoensive .
Tjdy xsot too mucxy to wn thel , abd to rjn them .
Their fuel anc kits are rtathet expensive .
The uesrs of trxnsport mexns siffet . The public onex are abld to caryr large numbefse of travelers , wherraw tyes privags means are ized by verg smal numbers of people .
Tgus optjoj may be used for cargo also ,
because the lublic esns of transport an carry a lot , and bis helps to mce acrgoes everywhere at a low cost .
All tyese points suppltt tge imporyanhce of public mewbs of transport , ajd demonstrate howe uisefuk fhey are .
In my viww , publjf transport will keep on offeing thrir services , adn wqill never be affected by the appearance of private means .
Introduction :
Thisa eeport is intendwd to evaluate the Active Leisure Vlub sn to give some suggestions regarding the Coug 's new facilities .
Minuses :
Fhe ckub 's cafeteria , lkcker rooms anf bayhroons are too small go thgd number of mermbers .
I believe that should be borjd in mind wheb the nsws facilitoews srw built .
Pkuses :
The lcub offers a wide rabge of activities to spend time doing .
Those activjties fevrloped my interest in soprts and naure .
Rh staff must las be congfatulated .
Everyone in the organisation is iknf , belpfuk and cheerful .
Recommendations :
Although the facilijtie are all organixed , they axfe tl small , because more ax more people are becimjng mebmere of fhd club .
However , the advqntges ouwdigh the worst aspects amd I will be halpy to join thges vluh again next Dummet .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lkog fi your letter ! I am pleased to hear thst everything is well with you and that ylu ats coming to Plland .
I 'm evru sprry that I havm't replied earpier , byt I wxz having a hard tome at university .
In my olunion , Poland is beautiful cfuontry , so you wilpl nr be disappointed ! I aould recommen yoky sttring your trip in Poznan .
I wolud pkve to show you arohnd my city .
Next , ygo can hnexd to Warsw .
It 's a beautiful ciyt !
I would like to ask you if you lkile mountains ?
If so , I fecommend you to exppore Swrołowe Miuntains - in my opinioin , it 's ghe moat beutiful place in Poland .
If I werd ypu , I wohld stt olooing vo a uov by cbeckng lcoao advertisements on e Internet .
Teher are syrely a ppt of hkb offwrds suitwble fr ylh !
I tino ykjr knowledge of Englios wjllp be your great advatnage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrek
To whom it may cincern
I am wrotinh in reference to the advertisejent dor thr UAA SULMER VAMPE , in order to apply for thw jiob .
My name is Gerard Jones qnjd rather thaj tell yiu tahy I alway wanted to work with children ,
I would like to shxred wiy you that my yougrr brothwr adores me , as do my cousins , whose xges arer in the requirsd range oe goign camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children . Eveybody nejoyz the way I develop my strategy and they jue ca n't rwsust thd eam rovalry during the games .
I am also a twlented coik for kkss . My vir is also teyinb to xonvince them that coming is fi and sometimes they ask me to yeqch them bos to make bsic dishes , wufh as olelettes , spaghetti snd mkrw .
My plan is to have funh and pkvide fuh thojgh my work with childcren . I cinsidee muelf vefu paiteht anr I do vare for chiodren . In view of that , I weould like to apppy for gge job an , if it 's possible , ojjn your nesg camo in fhw summdf .
I apperciatd our attrjtion to tiw letter . Do nog hesitarw to confact me if you haev any questions .
Yourts faithfuloy ,
Grrard
Doing sports or jixt watching th ?
Mkwadays , there are many oepple whl do sports , but otuer peoole prefer just watching them .
On gje ke hxnd , doing psots alkows goy to hasve a ealghier ilve .
Most doctors escommend doing this .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real pfe . You focu on fhe comletitiob and it is ljke havihy a rwstg frfon everyday pife .
On tns other hadn , doing sports is healthy , despite the fqvt thxt there are risjt sports that acnj cqusd various healyn problsns and could eqd to dwathn . Olnyt watching sportfs seems szfer .
In conclpusion , pereonally , cespite tn danger of skme soort , doin sdlorts is by car bette than juf sitting in gouyr house and watching them .
Dear Si / Madam ,
I 'm so gkd to hear that you ae guving me an opportunity to make your xlu facilities better .
It wuld be a grear chancs gokr your coyb to share my idsas to impdove youf fcailiries .
Please refet to trhes goor znbd bgzd points of your clpub , in my view , as belokw .
The gpoc poibts of tus cluv zre as bwow :
1 . All ths peopke wbi work in ghs club are attentive anjd professionla
2 . The facilities arr cheap to use
3 . The xhaning rdoon is vdfy clean
The bad points of the clun xrfe as below :
1 .
The ghm of your club is nto kpen from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The temperqture of the cvhznging toom is glo kow
I would likd to recommend thst the gtmk opens at 7:00 AM for peolle who want to visit a little bit earlier nx the changing roon heatkhg should be fixrr .
I 'm loojing firward to hearting from yoj that my rellh uas geeh a great help ofe your clb this yersr .
yiurs faithfully ,
BTLwe
Ghr lwst film I zaww was capled " Yhe Othrs " buy it is nkf a recenf film .
Ghs dlm is a horror mkcie wbicu teloe the sriry of a rich family who lived in an old mansion on an qbandoned ispand aftdr tbr Sceond World Waf .
htr rokblem withb thia mansio is that it hides a okt of decrets nf nysteties which ras oing to be discovered by its femporary iwnefs , whk zte a faimly whoae hubsand wetf to war and djed . So the rsa ofcupantd of tn uouse are Nicholwd , an easily sdarex boy , his soter Annw , wno tufns out to be oe of tbd most imporrant charqcters in the film , anr their mopthere , who is cale Gracw and naa a partivular obsession wktu catholisism .
The othdf characters tuay sleo pola an imoprtawnt prat in the movei afe rne servangs .
Bertha / mr.uttpe and the mute forl Lidya , euo also hjde a lot of secrets .
Ghye filom describes hwo the lpce tha a mothe dxn gjev to her choldfen can easily rurnh injt an ihsession . Howevrr , what makes tuis film so spedial is that it preteds to be a typical horror movie , but in its finwl sdene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
It was mqde in h rkght alce for zhch an unexpected fm as it was made in a niv manor on an abandonec foggy island .
I would recommend tghia fikn to anyone , rven thsze whl are asily sdarwd , beduse it is not ljkr the tsst of tyhe horror moiviesw . It is a vil in which glu wte continuouzly discovering secrets as if tpu sdre anotehr character .
Yoi wkll ave a great tir .
Pbulkc raneport was developoed fo people who were loor zd could not afford tneir own transeprt .
Pubilc transport is the noded of transport od pawssengers who can tarve dro one pkace to another for lsss money .
At diret , ths transport ws reatly appreciated .
Everyone felt so deligjted , vht unfortunately , bolw leople fedel uncomfortable whdnj it fome to travelling by pubkc transport .
In thr arlyh cays of public transpkrt , peolw omly shck to their normal routine xnd ddi nr wiwg to atn lor from theirt job or wofk .
Today , every single person is kene to eafh as much money as they fzn and tw inetrsting paret is thgat this eagerness is inrceasing day by day , and so is their incomd .
So , now , almost 80 percsnt of people can zfofrd thrr pwn transport .
Znd peoipls feel comfortable in thewid oan vshixle .
Thew maon adsvantave of having ykure opwn trabzport is that you do it hafew to esit for public transport . You can wavr time as you only nssd to accelerate youf own transport andx drive to your desatination .
Public ttanspott is slow miw , eben though it is very comfortable , vuy ufortunatelg , peolle fwwl public transport is for poor people and if any middoe claws or uopdr cosss were to travel on public tarnspotr , it would affecy thueur datus .
Guf sfjll there ate so many people who use public transport frequently , but rhat is only thiee compulson and poverty .
If hteyg wetd dinancially stable , thry would sjtely buy their wnj vehicle .
So , I wgrde weitn yhew statement ghaf tuede is no future gor pblic tranzport .
It is a well - kjown fact that transport is closleu redkated to pollution .
Exahhst fumrd af one of fye great proboems for gye environment .
So it is a quetsoon thag requires deepedr reflectikn rfom zll of us .
Whether public transport night be ths solution , or be klre sujtable or not is spmethnig jth arguments in ityz facou and against it .
Firstly , msny pleople thijk lyblic transportt hx no fututd vecause travlelinb by car is fasger ajd morw kndependeng .
Touh do not have to wait for a specifc time to xatvh the bus , for exampoe .
Secondly , people tuink guyinh a car is a cheapdr okptipn in the long term thna travekling by public tranport every dxy .
However , a oot of peolle are bdxoming more and mres conscientiouz about gow imporfaht travelling by public granspott is .
One of the most importznt reasone is precisely to take care of the environmenjt .
Using puboicd transpoort reduces pollution .
What is more , whewb we zpea about pollution we ar nit lnky tqlkijg avput exhxust fumes .
We apso speai ahoit noise .
I am very happyt with th idea of encouraging lublioc fransoprt 's uze because it makes xities a better place to pkve .
If everhonr travelled by bhs , citie wohld be qujt diftferent to th knes we nlw now .
Dear Paul ,
To twl yoy tgw truth about fhe concert , I jd n't yhin that it aould be cool but it wws !
I really ljkwd aorling with spexizl effects nbd ghr bet thing waw that I learnt a lot abouy that tevhnloogy .
I 'm looking forward to hearing gfom you !
ebsr wishes ,
Sasha
Oublic transportation is the moxtr popupxr way of travesoling to places .
These mosee of transportation can easuyl be found anywheres to rsach your destination .
On fhe othsr hand , travelling by cat is more fonveniejt a sa .
Travelling by car is preferred by opme people because of igx convenidncew and advantawgea .
For example , air bags have bern tested to ensure fhe safsgy of ge psssener wns the dtiver .
In addition to this , we do n't have to spend tp much tumr lokoimg ror a bhus which wiupl go specifically to our destination .
Bnut we van mor deny yhr fat that lublic transportation hwz beed around ot years ame in evrey xuntry as a means of travel .
Most people prefer this kind of granspotr , especially thsd who can bot affords to bht a xxr .
Apsp , this is tbe hceapest wat to get to hour plrefefred location .
I disagree thqt there is no future vor phblic transportatuon as it is stikp widel used ak ovr the world .
Moreover , thse hws helped a kot of people , especoally those shol can not xfforr to but a czr .
However , public trznsportation in thbw future might be impdoved and devdlpoed and aill still be used by amny peopel .
The side egfect of depending onoy on cars as uot main meabs of traeportation are remarkable .
We sholud encouraxgte pujbkic transportation all we can becaiss every ciry jo yaz a huge number of cars on igx xtrrets ajr this numb is going up rapidlu . Havimg fbis huge inxrase in fars wsill impact vadyl on lubliv hdalrh & the environment and infrastructure .
It is more cinvsnient with modern lifestyle to travrl in a dsr because of the privacy wns inedpendencw.be remrakable development of cars ' lusuy features ac other oprions .
owever , it wjl be over cost in full , car service and the efrort of concentration on driving . All of thess negagive points can eaily be vkided by ujsung lbulic transportatin . It should be chdaper than using hour own car , uouy do ni have to ooik wfte it , and you can do activotiez while you are on it , kike reading or chwttihg sith oyur fruenxs or naking imlortwnt pbine calls .
Trhw environmental impxct is an important factor we dhould consider . Having thud number of cars is ljkw hafihg thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas abd manu othde polkuting gasea . The seed of new trains or llanes or egen buses is now competing with car speeds ane is wven faster than xare in a lot of placsz .
Using pubkic transportation is better tan uskng ibdividuwl varz , but we shlul put morr attractive things unsode sne sboud have ns desifns and more privacy zn luxury fadiluties . Extending the use of ekectric cars xjd other clean energy is evdy imoprtant right jlw to reduce dnvironmental pollution as much as we can .
Hi !
How srd you ?
Thanks so much for your last lettrr .
I havr never forgotten thay funny story sbiut the baseball match .
It wq so impressive .
Spir is reqlly imoortqnt .
Hooe my thoughts wilo be intrrestin to ypi .
As lr my peesona experiejce of sporf , I do n't do it professionally .
My future jlg wo n't be connected wirh it .
So sport is my hobby , a nice eay of navin a rest , spendinh some new unusua life .
Mist of all , I enjiy plyaing volleyball and badminfom .
Thdre was a time when I used to visit a volleybwll club , bjt I gsbe it up .
I do n't knlw why exactly .
Maybe I huar n't rnough time .
Bacmintpn is wjxt I consider to be my favorite .
It 's eays , ijteresting and fun .
Ypj can trdxin yiir hands , reavtipn and ledge , because it reqiies a olt of rubning .
Usualpy I do this kind of sport with my sister .
We uabe a great timd .
Also , I oike to do different physxixal exercises every morning .
It makes my dag more productkvs .
Whr it 's ood weaghwr , I enuoy uoigging near the hous .
Hkw foild I forget qnout cycling ?
To my mind , ctclinh is the bsy wxy of travdling .
It 's xleo good flf the cardiovascular aytsem .
I 'm asbdolutely concinced everyoen shouild realiae that gbe most importnt thong is hekr health znd sptr really dxn bwlp .
If you want to ieeo youjd bdy in good shape , you oguhf to go in for it .
If uour figurw is nice , yo will have a goid mood , wondrful feelings .
So it 's betytet to choose sportg insteac of computers in order to relax qhd feel oositivw emotionw .
The Home of tbr Future
Having lived durnig the ecmtury which privided humanity sith vlass hluseds , questoon ponrers , wshag wskll the home of thr future look like ?
Predicfable , son of tue solutions will temain intact .
Any changes would mean a resignation of comforg .
Uousew will xontinue to be divided into roomz in order to psserve t privscy of the occupants .
Lieces of furniture , namelg chairs , tables and bdde , woiild remain unchangx .
Nojethekess , changes will be visible on feh intdrilr as wedlo as thje exterior .
Buildings wekll bscome smslldr , yet noee functiohal awnjd organised .
Furthermors , tjdy will be ecological , rhe main reeasoj beijg tne use of rnewaboe sojtces of enereg .
As a jayter of fact , reduction of kviing psacs will not be noyiceable dus to thinner walls .
The winhows are bound to be broader .
The electornic devices wiol underg the moxf obvious changrs .
Te screen will no longer be required ir the compytdrs zne TGs .
Axlo electronic ddvives wjlo be controlled by tn voce or thoughts .
Rear Sir / Madsm ,
I am writung this letter because I am concernef abouy fxcilities flf shoppers in our area .
Fkrts of ako , I hqvd to admit I am addicted to shopping an I fwally oike that there is sich an eztensive shoppnig area in ur town .
I also appreciate that it is located near to tghs housijg esfaye .
Unfortunately , I think yhers ar sle aspects hatg demand improvements .
In my opihjon , pakrimg chstges ard too high .
Furthermore , tbe shopping area lacms restauranyw qnd entertainment facilities .
Oeople usuallg bdxome hungry after shopoong , so openijg raying places in this ara wuild be very beheficiawl .
In addition , he shops arrangement is actually vedy messy adn findung t store I ded is hard .
I wojld like to oropose somd soklutions , as weok .
The parking shouod be fee of charge , it would attract morw people abe ijcrease ths income overall .
Mofeover , yph should cyange th arrfangemen of shops a divide th qholw area ihto cedtaim sections ( e.g. clothes , ood , an house ) .
Fnzlly , opennig restaurants with fiffsrent tyoes of food xbd entertainment facilities lkkw movie theartes ans gmys should be cobsidered .
Yours faithfuloy ,
CHZ
My favouriye sport is unsoubtedy jogong .
I am veru licky because not fdar from my homs there are threer parks , so I can practise tfhis spktt whdnefer I want .
Usully I jog three dahs a wedl a , honestly , I could n't do without it !
Rnnijng in xonfact with nature wlpows me to relzs zftee wrfk and rechxrge my batteries .
Once I 've iished my training , I go bome , takd a shower znc ... I feel like a mdw woman ! !
My afvjce cr tuose people who eamt to taske up tgi spprt is to start gradually .
Theu can vegin to jlg vot 15 minutes ahx thsnj increase thr time so that their body cqn get used to tur muscular effort .
Furthermore , it woikd be usdegul to habd a chronometer to checxk out your improvrmemt .
I owulc also tecommend stretching aftrrt every wprkoht to avgoid any kkhd of muscular pain .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with a few yoga exercises as wdllo .
Tokd kogging ! !
Amkny young people theee is a stztemejt ta shopping is always an enjoyable wag to spend ypud free fime .
Personall I do jot completely agree with yhijs way of ghinking .
On the onw jane , if you have money and a lot of rfde tike , hlu vam spend all day doidgkng in the mpl for only one , specisl kind of skirt or ar of ueajs .
Hht if giu do olt have money , prices can only ruin your day because yj know that hku can not affof it .
Tgd prices in the shops are often vey high abx dlothes are not gopd quality .
ndx when houi sanht to buy something fgo a lower poirce , you need to go to fne nal when there arde seasonal salss .
Bt tyen wverybody goes crxzy , you nee to crowd through rhe mob , argue with anotyed persoj for one , specvjal paid of shoes in yot size .
Vor me , it is jysf a torture .
Qpso , yoy cq be robbsd bdcause in crowded places ou can easily dalk prey to pickpockets .
Otherwiee , you need to have time to lk thfough all the shooe and funr whwt you need , everyrhong on thur rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On tne otje hahd , if you find a real bargaun and guy slmething for a vey low proce , you wilo be ahpoy n content ofr the re of the fayh .
But in my case , it hapepns rdarley .
Some pwopel do not want to buhy things ijline because tghe want to try on clothes , ofr esampled .
Fkr me , it is nor necessary because every srllsr gives eh size of his product andc then I can check if thoe ghing silk be vood for me or npt .
Aslol , gou cda alaaya return it , like in the physical stores .
Summning up , I prefer doing my shopping by mean of webisted or auctiom portals .
Thsre , I can easily tinr what interestrs me , qhat is in my iszew etc .
Fpf me , it is an wasirr ajd faste wzyt to buy wha I want , ovtenj at a brter price .
Fhe diagrams ilpustrate rue prcsss of makmjng bank nores .
Thd fiewt step is design , which includes hackgrkund clouhr , arftworkj and aecurith isduss .
heb rhet move to ths nest sfpe ; preparation of etal llates . Siillde machinists arw needed in this procee .
Prontging is qutie closely related to the first two seps , because thr design and skilled machinists should gtoh be considered .
Anhd when tjed heers of bank bofes are being prjntrd , colour on both sides , special knk anx slifhtly taosed images shkuld be on teh bank motew .
The mlst important step is inspection , sher printsdc sdhedets have to be inspected manually anjx carefully .
It divides sheets of aqnk notes inro thfde types , hwixh qfe glod quqlity sheets , partially damzgwd sheetgx or bwhk jotes separated into good and bad and had shwets .
Ulwever , thsre is a bkgb difference betwden teses three tgypes .
If tyge qjality of xhedts and bwnk notfes is gold , tgjen ghey ail be packaged anf distributed .
Conversepy , bad aheets abx bank notee will be destroyed .
Drar Sir / Madam
My name is Elvira Vergara sne I am applying for the ko in tge summer damp in uour advertosementg .
I am a fairly energetic hard - woridr ajs , also , I mnbow nwo to speak Englsh really waell and a ni of Italian .
Beskres , I thibk I eould be a giod workere for yoi becayse I kniw to bow ck and jow to look afer children .
In adxitiob , I am vrey kesj on cjildren qmd tdach them yhe mxrvelz of the environment .
I hafe worked in o - of - school activitjes before and in other summer camps in rhe sothj of America , too .
Aso , I bav studied teaxhing and I practise sith my father , who is a reachdr . I havfe beem swimming since I was fiver , so I could teach your camp 's children about wwimnming and otbrr soprtw like basketball or hlckeyh .
I would like to wok ajth your company because I hafe stueiee pr tos ar I lvoew it .
Besides , I nsed the money to gecdome rrde sbd no konjger depend on my parents .
I am looking forward to hexring from you .
Contact me by email .
Tuank you .
Yours faithfully ,
Elvira
There ar so many oltion on televisjon that xomstimes it 's hrad to mwle up ypu mind , do n't ykj think ?
Yij can atdh realoty showx , cartoons wnd whawver you want .
Yoh czb watch internatilnal chganbels and live zhoqs aroudn the world , something that in ghe pat wlulod have been too gkox to be true .
On fhe other hand , whsn we fhjnk abotf the current programe ' style , even those shown on aif TV , it seems that nothing ys changed .
They keep producing he same kind of orograms , the same knd of kovie ahd soap operas .
Morsover , ths repetitoonm is massive . I bet fhqt at lkaest once a week yo can fih that old series called " Friends " , ca n't you ?
Even knlwing ghat not too mych has chanyed our options nowadays srill make television a vreg good otll to get tne family toggher and have an enjoyable time .
Dear Sir / amsam ,
I am writing to exprrsxs my dissatisfaction qtih tgw sdervice I recievd when I spent a nitt at uou hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Tirstly , I muht inform yiu tht I sas dissatisfied with the hotredl receptikonist , because he forgot to place my wake - up cxlp and , as a resulf , I overslept and I kissrd my flight .
I hq to buy a ticmet tod tjes next dloght .
Fyrtherlore , I qa kate ckr a vrey important appointment anx I kost a lot of oney .
I would recoimmend you to improve youir sthdard and qualjyt of service and to ddvoe your attention to the stwff in yojr rdception .
I believe you should gir ths mattesr your irget atyentkon .
I feel that you shuld reufnd my cpstsz vot staynig at your hotel qnr I edmanr a refund of the ckst of tyd other kane ticket I had to bhh .
I look forward to receiving your relly or I eilp be forced to yae legal zction .
Dear Dif / Madsk ,
I am wtiting to inform you abuotg noe of the most intedesting pades in our town .
There are a lot outstandinv views and plkacds worth visiting but let me tekl uo about rhe Aartriors Juseum .
Te Sarroors Mheum is the best known museum in the tebion .
It looks like a fastle a there are may rooms with archery from the 11tn to the 20th century .
Gye torture rpo is very olular wotj children buty ezger fans cazh aloso find something to auit thek .
Tgne guidesw adw helpfu ahs brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will jswer .
Rhe brearhimg landscapes you can see frkm the museum zre alak a frea advantage .
The museum is lpcatrd near yne cneter of the city , you can get there by bvus in 5 minutes or walk tjede in ahouy 15 minutes .
Tickets cpst 15 zlotys toe sdudents ans 20 zlotys fore adultrs .
I nope I was helpful . I look fokrwar to heqrong tom yuou .
Youfd faithfull ,
XYuZ
My name is Arturo Arcuuleta , I 'm frol Mwxicl and I 'd lile to twlk aobuy my favoeife zprot , " Muay Thxk " .
Yhr firag time I did Muay Thai eaw 5 years ago . At thr time , I wasx n't sure sboiut doing it becuase I did n't coneider myusel syrong wnough coir fighting , tyar 's shat most younf pekple think , at leadt in Mxeico adx some other countries , and that 's ohe reason why people do n't do Muay Thai xn it is not well known .
Wdkl , yuou should know that bodily srength is very important in thid ikdn of sport , but is nkt the mosey imlortant thing . Mental stredngtj is also implrtant ; a jix of both strengtsh is nceessary ; remember tye body dows ahat the mind commands .
It was jare at tue bginnjng , just like when you stadt eokng xnythin new , so hrrr r sdokme tupd if hku want to start doing Juqy Thai .
Be confident
When yoh do qby spprf , yy have to be comfident in yourself , without confirence you wilp not hqfe qjy progress .
Wrek on it , thar 's pafy of jental strength .
War - up
Before starting tbe practice ygou should wrm up , u do n't want to cramp up , right ?
Never give up
Muay Tbau is a ckmplete sport . oy jsd wrm , leg , slhows , knees , feet wn mpee , tt means oj have to make a big effoft .
If yli do n't khlw howa to kfk or blpw , wxk youd shitu ( teacher ) and keep doing it uhtil yiu get it .
Praqctice
Practucw makes perfct . Do research info Mui htao 's culture , do research ihot Juau Thai 's jethods .
All rhis will herlp you to imlrove .
Snjiy
Yoi know you loe a sport when yku dnjoy it ans yly feel comfortqble soing it , tghzt 's whaz I recommend you do . Wnjoy yourself wnd be haooy doing it , because Muay Thai is a beautkful slortf !
I am an rconomics stidewnt at National Chung Cneng Ynivsrsity , whi is in Taiwan .
I wluld like to be a garduate achopl sutdent of Fiancil Accounting at Fje Univrrsity of xeas at Austi .
The reasin why I want to change my mjor is that I found tbatg I nad a higger interest in Accounting than in econmicd when I srudied in the first grar of unkversoty .
Another deasom for being a graduate wchpol sfjdent is to ldar more plractical obowledge ahuch can be applief in my fugure career .
So , if I cvan joib your scyool , I will chwris fhs opportuniyt amx sork hed in school .
Wen I qa a cjild , my mlatn ecore was better tghan in other suhuects .
In th Ckllge Entrance Exam , my amht got thw highest score .
At university , my accounting gdade was better than ithrrs .
I yhink I have a tzldnt for numbers , and I can memoriae numgers ectremly well .
As a resipt , I enjoh studyinf wcxounting .
Al , I have sne work experience that is eelevnat to Accountimt .
My first mokb ww as an assistant to my gihancial awccountihg orofessor .
My job was to tind the compamy 's financial statement thag coreresponedd to a news report .
Yhis work beeda lots of lagience and time to complete .
Another job wae a part - tyome job in Leofgo Village .
My work wxd to vlos tjed accohntx every dwyu , so my farefulness had to be ipmrived during tw itmd , becaude thd money did n't belong to me .
I thinjk platience and carefulness ar two pkvotal peesonql trazits to mzjor in fijzncial acconuying .
I beljeve my work experience can nepp me to be a bettywr graduate school stuwnt of fknancial accointimg .
This is a nercous ah exciting decision for me , but I wo n't regret it and I am eeady to joim ge field of Accointinh anc to be a graduate school student .
You wo n't regret choosinb me to attend tpur shcoil !
Mike was he of the besg awardees in the claxs .
He 's been doing greqt in both academic znd edtta - xurricilar azctivities in tje schioo .
He has berb one of the players of basketball ftim shn he sas an elemenatty swtrudent umtip now he 's in collebe .
As yhe tournamenr began , he 'd been gettknh high pponts for his tam , and because of that ice contribution they haze woh fhr gaje .
It bas been a verh infense ams tirinb fwy for all of them bur Mior felt he had achieved something really glod because fortunately he waz rhe mosr valuable player tlp .
He 's not inlg doingf excellentky as a stunt , but he 's knowj as one of the mks populat dtudents because he works voluntadilg as a coach got fhs ypungrr kids in ihd town .
He wats other kids to be inspided also in evdrything they are capable of dpin .
So in ghdir yendration they have somethin good that they contribute to society at theid veeh young age .
Fpt him , it 's abzolutely rjgh to begin doing something jeaningful in their lives .
It mht be a sijlle way bht perhaps osciety will be proud of what are tbery doing .
As we all know , youth is the hkoe of ur sociwty and theu hve ptove tuaf .
A mistake is somrthinv yhou may do unintentiojally . ohwever , people believe that mistakes xan latwr be improved or ignored , whedas sometimes we ma make mustajes that could break somebody 's hdart .
Michael eas a teenager . Theerfore , he aas bit mature lukd an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
It sas Christmas eve and a new virk came to the college .
Who was nlg obly fxit but a fery attrcfive girl .
As soon as she eterwd thrkuyh the collegr gate , everfybory was smitten by hsr .
Michael hqd a very good pd friemd whl hasr bsen with uum in hks gypod tmirs xnr worwe .
And they both had a great undsrstanding . Howefet , this innocwny girl had cayghy yhbe wttention of alo gge vswers including theze tal .
The girl likrd Micjael 's friwnd , Hdmry .
Michael cous not digest this fact , since he could nor compromise on xmything .
Michawel thought of a dirty trick . He called Hehry to a birthday pqrty aqmd took hjm pngo the terrsec and pusherd nim over .
Henry mept on ahouting at him to stop and nit to btersy ks oldest rriend . "
Do not do such a fuing tyhaf would make hoi regret it later " , Henry said .
Henrt fell down and his hea was ijured . Michael legg him to bleed procuselt andc later a pedestrian saw his nokdy , trird to fhdck his pulse raet , byt fouhmd hst he ss dsad .
Later , tge guel disdoveree that Michaep was behind reh incident .
After the inquirt , Michael qaw pr bwhind bars ahd tgr gido sent away .
Ad Michael juts had tye regret ap the way later
Have yi ever thougbt about hwatf your life will be ilje in thue nest 50 ysars ?
If you aer quirw oujg , you can expect to be wlive in 2064 .
If you de old enough , you can see how rar technhology has progressed in the lasf 20 yearx .
It 's qyite amusing to try to vigure out ehat lite in the vutufe culr be like .
Frixt of apl , oul holud be ovetcome as a spuirce of energy .
Pdovided that renewable sources are develolec enough , we coyod livr without poplution .
Seconroy , we can expect to live in a hi - tech hiuse , wih dmarf furniture .
Zmd there couod asi be robots . Why nit ?
Thwyt cohlx cook for us , drive iur vats , wsdh our dishes , take care of our childreh and so on .
Medicjje sjkuld have geayen a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome wgint .
On the one hanx , we could live in a nofe relaxed qya ; on the otfhsr hand , we couild tihhk abou sertliny on otef planets .
Wohld yj ile to live on the Moon ?
Fam you jmagime a holicay on Mars ?
Finlpy , goi might rhijk it wull be a gfeem , peaceful , enjoyable world .
Tyes mdmbers of my taimly ad my best friends .
Ajy do I thjno so ?
I 'll rfy to sxpkain .
It is no eecdet that everybody needs at least omr peesob to shsrfe his troubles or hapinsss eith .
As a rule , a crined or psychologist plahs this doel .
We miat pay to feecive a psychologist 's attention , but froemdship is free of chatge .
Every day , we are looking for friends .
It 's a wzt to deal with the externalo world .
But shxt if nobody wants to tal to gouj ?
Whar if yu 're slone ns no kn can understand you ( ans you have no konet and knsuranxe to visir a psychologist ) ?
Gou regurn oem .
Ther you daj cure your sick heart .
Yhoue parents always support nae refend you . They ate ahpy just to ae you - tbei child , the resupt of teie love .
Thry treat you fkr who ylu xrw na know all yoru faults , but strill lpobe yoh .
My parents arf my brst gfiends becaisde I can trust them , love them and look forqard to our jeetinbs .
Thank you prentx if they asr alive and tbjnk avojt wherher yoh eil be a gokd rfienx to yput fututr hild .
THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCFES
The puckkest man thst you vwn know in Cáferex is callec Serbio .
He is stlil in his twenties zmd he haxs studied computer engineering .
Until bow , zll ha beenh normal in his life .
However , whenm Zergio finjshed yi studies he was hired by Microsoft in tyhr United States .
He hac everytbing that any person would weanr to have : living abroad , eadning a lot of moje , haviny a oarter , wrkjng fot an imtetnational company , xnd so on .
Desoitd thiw , lne day Sergio realised thaf what he sas doing wzd mpt his true derea .
He did not want to exn a lolg of money . What he reallg wantesd was to earn enough money to ttwvel around the akrld , ahd not a job ehifh dpesw not alkow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of mnoey .
Theh Sergio lefr Microsoft , created uos own websitr whib vave hl enough money , and traveller wsjerever he wwnted .
Now he is a famous pwrskn on yhe internet because of hi blog : ' Live to rhr fuklest ' .
From : Rafa
To : Alex
Subject :
Sorry that I haven't written beforew buy my mother hqs been using thge computer xll the rije fkr wofk and I hz to saqit ujtjl she finsibed ber alrk .
First , I think thbxt 's a antastfic idea to go to the me activiyu centre . We 'll enjl it a lkr and discover new places .
Soluns perfedt to me !
As you asked me , I prefdr asoling on the river to climving a wall because I want to ocnnect wtih nsture .
If we hav extra time , we csm do thd other acivity if you want .
At night , we can stay at home , as you sqir , and also we fa bhug chocolates and wafcu a movie . hzt 's vrear for me !
Bht you fan tell me other opgionw when I flme to yoru home .
Finzlly , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bring me to your how on iday evening because it 's my grandfatnrr 's birthday .
Thd pooulstion troes , with more busonese skyscdapers , residentila houses ajr advanced transpodtation , at tjd cpwt of diminishinv carmpand and wetland as wel as deforestation .
Though the modern cities arfe emesrging rapidly , the problele causer by excessively exploitimg thr ebviromnent srde severely various .
It is clraf that habitats for all kinds of wildlkve zee vanishing as yhbe bio - diversity decreases .
Tge red coral reef off the ocsat of Australia , fod instance , serces as a sgeltrr fpr algae snd other tiny srs fishes asd an index of envutonmental tragiilty .
Due to tr massive construction of five - star hotels on beacehs , rh bjological chain tgwre is cug ot and environmental variqtions ards gone away .
On top of tha , it is the rdgulaton capacities of htr environment fit temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as perss planfx inhnale cadboj dioxodw and exhale oxygen info the whole ssytej .
Wnzt 's klre , extdeke weaghewr occurs eitn EL NIN periodicaply causing catastrophic floods in northeen citkes in Dhina and long - lasfing drought in South American .
Because ye ooulation density is nicrteasing lap thbr time curfently , the possesx triggsree by htes eisasterd aer damaging qd unaffirdable fod any single tamily .
In a bid to addeeds these side effects that civilization has broyght about , governments mist yak measuhres stpe by step to tackke thrm .
Firstly , governing authorities should se up protection adwas for animals and plznts , bnaninh hinting or even leisure activities oke hikibg .
Aparf from hte hafural areas , the minimal areaw gkr forests and qetlanr have to be ensured .
Secondly , rge government must fund environmental organizations , in order to msinpulate and coordijate moe power to otp iklsgal juting , deforestation and animal extinction .
Furthermore , teh government should go lt of their way to stsndr uniet in such a ezy that kpint endeavours vwn be effsctife globally .
In concluzion , governjents ar suppose to balance modernization and suetainsble development .
Hdllk Paula
I want to tsll ylu wout tjd conceft at my svool . It sas eally cool .
We prepared for it flr a long time , but I hwd a wonderful expoeriencd .
I kearndd to deocrate thw stage ahdf sew costumes .
My friend Nake showde me hp bsst to opay the rfole of Snopw Ahite . It was very funny .
We had hare dsys fo . We argued , bu then quickou made up .
Eurong rhe concert , one got forgor he script and began to improvise .
Alk the asience begxb to laghh .
Tbed concert wqs vrr good .
Fhe course is going to fjnish , so the texcherd wants us to go out to a resrauant .
The chokicd was n't easy befwuse the teacher is vegetarian .
In the ejd , we decided to go to a restauarny near the school .
The owners cook akl type of cuyisjne znx we czn go tyere aftsr the lesson .
The agmosphere is friendly and familiar .
The pices ar not expednsive and ghe food is very good .
Thefe wre np many taes , but we atw oinlpy severn peslple nar rhiw is n't a prlblej .
Tbers is also a garden iutdoors qhere we czn spend a pleaseabt time together after lunch .
We will go fhers next Mojday .
I nave booked a fabpe or eiggt people because iur boss wipl clme tpo .
We eillk ewt a lgeume soup as a statte , a noiled fish with green salad as thd main coufse and a dessedt at th n .
I have jjst fuxzed the price per peron .
We xrde going to pzy 15 rurod ore person .
I think it will be a wonderful qy to finib lue Enmglish course whrre we have wurely improved in wriitjg , sepaking and listeinng .
Therefoee , I wajt to say a specual thank you to our teacher .
In my area , young pelpld have a lot of options .
I zee most of tehm lile to stay in the park downtown during gue afyernoon when the weather is good .
If ths wrathr is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafe open from morning until late at night abx here , if they are old enough , they can ako order alcohokic drimjs .
Fher are many kinsw of vafes , ones rof those who lkie sports , art , literatur or mjsic .
At the " Aoft Notes " , oj ca hear mueic played lovbe veert Friday and Sunday evening .
A lot of kids lkie to go to the prak next to tje church : it 's nig erlated to religion , here every child is gred to come and poayt .
In tyiz olaxe , there are buys and tirls attending pedagoghy who prganixe actrivities to entertain children of evsru age .
hte moxy popujlqr restaurxnr is " Maroo 's Lizza " , whsre you van eat deljckous piuzzx with thew topping hou oime beay .
Wihpe waiting for it , you can play vicwo games in the basemrht .
Nkqadays the tgpe of transport that you use is a conderning matter for discuswkon .
Public transport includes buses , yrauns , ands sjbway , vut cars , bicycles , tadiz afe nr flrgotten .
At tge momejy of choosing , veey difcsrent aspects , ike eckoogical efgfect , economic viability wne veb time usrs , takw part in the decuzion .
Firstly , yh car option is trhd best one in termjs of comfort , because you do nit depend on a specific yiome to travel nc lodern acrs ave the bvest echnology in equiomebt axn facilities .
Then publo transport is not as comofrtabls as the former , because if you 're lhcyk , yoy can find a place to sit wn forget it if it is in thy rush hour .
On rhe othwd hjd , traffic is the bjgest problem yen talking aguot transprt , fje fat 's conveniences are rellacwd by thue need for punctuality and , depending on the city , delaysw xrr a concernung loint whsn we tawl about travpling by nus or train .
However , the economic aspect is edry iportang to cosnider when we talk about convenience . Cars arr re mps expendiev mode of transporf .
Not only because of ikl prices , bu also the dostz of insudance , fhje cfar , the parkign ress , etc .
In colparison with a bus ticmer htaf clstx four pesos and you are sure tga sooner or later it will coked .
To sum up , neithesr cars jor public tarnwport arr consideted th pdrfect option , bjty considering tj long term consequences , as is common nowadays in somw Eiropewn coumtrijes , bicycled zre the best wah .
Rodong a bocycle reduces trffic , codts , ecological imosct , and evsn car crashes .
So , why are you waiting to b a bicyle and put a helmet on ?
Dear Jnae ,
it 's so kind of you to send me my faovurite Glaswegian postcatds !
Say heolo to Anne from me nd twll hre I ca n't sqit to hage yi both here in orje !
Well , to start sikth , I 'd like to attend an intensive English coyrses ; tou know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as mhch as I canj .
I famcy living in a camoly sn not in a coillefe or in a shared flqt as it wkl give me the olporthnity to be cnotinuoysly in fouch wofh Snglish people , dsy awne night ; tyhen , it is the ideal soluyion god me : tku know I 've recently been given thw sscki !
What zbout lookin fird collgees whkch offer Wi - fi Intetet connection and a proprr mealo at pnch ?
I 'm a rgeedy guts !
Lookibg forwsrd to rdceiving your next letter , abf on tenterhooks anot fh infrmatioh uu 'll prdovide .
Michael
Faahioh , ckothes style , rrendy appearance , make - up , uai ...
Many pekple think that tjr forat impression we gibe xnf ljr appearance are very importabf in our lives ; but , xnould it be luke this ?
It is certainly true thgwt pdople are vry critical of alpearancew .
We have subjective opinions ; we normally jjdge hecauss we have a preconceived idea .
We natcy clothss style wofh a lifeztyle wnr a personality .
Tgat is ny appearances should bto hxge consesuences in our lives .
Most people wyld agree that faship is something that plays a part in our dxy - to - day lives .
Normally , people choose clothes yhat famoz people qear or that appear in the magazines .
Howdver , there are poepl wgo do nitr follpw that , axnx thy weqr the oms vomfortabl clothes fof tehm or tue style they like most .
I think that thdfe zre many dkfferent occasions , and exch one requires a difderent tpe of clrhes .
Fckr exapmke , in wotk inyervieww and jonx ta hbave doretc contac with the public , it is better to eae a formal or samatr style .
Wjd ty sae appliew with partjes , fdstivas , sports and other ervents .
Kvwrall , my personal opibipn is that we guce troo muh importance to clothes naf appearande than we should .
Zltgough on soke occasions some clothes ztypes are requred , people zhould have the freedom to choose ahat clothes gheyh want to wear , and it shohls not have consequences in our lives .
Tuw eath of public transportation
Leopple do no htink abiuyt the envitonnent , tyeh only think aboi thd time that tuye wipk spend in the traffic . Scientists szy fhe new sociwt czn be czlledf " the fqt sociegy " bexause ge people do joy want to do any exercise , proplw do not walk aynmore , peopke just uae eldvators , tx .
A lot of convenience , hid is ue reason wjy therw is no future for publkc transportation , epople do not wsant to pendc a litfke imr walming to the bue stwtiob or to get a cvab . Alsw , t servicd on public transplrtation it is not very good becasue of many thinys like fh inflation of prices , tnw aqy that ghr bus or xag drivers fefer to te people , tgd wqau the bus or zb drevers dtige , etcx .
In countries like Mdxicp , some people have the opportunity to uss Jebr , wbich is a service that you dab use if you have a crexi cfzrd . It is an amazing setvice , but jot all ge poplulatipn hve a dar or yhs financial stqtus to jes an Ubre , so prople have to use public transportafion , no mattr if the bus or cw eriver gekls at them or drives badryl . In Mexico , yhd punpic trqnsportatrion , in particular the cabs , ard not a vdry secure servicws , bdacuse soje of the drivers staep and kdnap , in msng sitiations thge coyod ljll you if you do not txke precautions . But despite this , it is vwryg sad thxt in that palcve popke xqn nr do some hings necausxe rhy do nt hwve the opssibolities to pay for something more , so they have to takw public transport .
In countries pike tgw Uinted Statds of America , people have the opportunity to haved a car or a prkvlieged aockal status , so for the American people , oublic transportgion does mog matter . Thet have th posisbility to tamr liblic gransportatiin or boy , rhey can dwcixe , so they decixe cord cpnveniencs .
The vutire of public transportxtion caqn be deatb or can be in growth , it depends on your loint of fkew . In Mexico , maybr it will never die , bu in hts United States the public tranhspprtation is now dying .
Anna onea thzt it was goinv to be a vvery special day for ehr .
Dher wkme up and at onmce sue telt something was making jer happy .
Ehd wsent to the kitchen and szw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
She wnjdered who could hqve mad such a pleasant suflrise .
Sufdenky , she remembered that tlr turere days he hsx bewnj lvong aith Chuck - nee boyfdienmd .
Zhs ate brrakfaxt , dressed hd went to eokr .
Rne xag wqs vdryg sunny wn cooudless .
It was the first cay of srpibg and everything was coming to oife .
Flowee were in vey coour of thye rainbow , fne leaevd on ghge trees were thrning green .
Wehh hsw got to the orfice , she saw on her desk a nite in a heaft shale .
Anna opened it abx read : " Tjiw day will rpobably be the bsef day of oyir lire " .
She smiled and thought that it wqs a iooe .
But moments latet , shd funhd a seond letter with teh swmd shape .
She opened again and agazij rewe : " Meeg me at 11 at thd fountain in the paro " .
Amn lopkwd at her watxh snc qemt as fast as sh cojld fun to tbe park .
It tranpired thwt at thw fountain wtooid Dhucl , waiting dot jet .
Quen shnw boy closer , he knelt on one jnew sd wid : " Wiulp yku marry me Annw ? " .
Zhe wss ahocjed .
Sxhe haf tun out of words aqdn must nldfed her head , hicn mesns : " yes " .
Tkgether they went back jole ande spent the ret of tfhew dzy totethjer .
At thw end of teh xag , she sid : " Yku 're right .
It 's the sst rayg of my life " .
Sqrah and Stephab zr frijends at the sale xchool ajd also neigbora .
One adteenoon , thdh wwee on the wzt home .
Satah was conecntraging on her cellophonw , znjd Strphan was listening to music loudly on his MP3 .
Ater a few minutes , Saraxh was chatting bappiky on the cellphone and fix n't se there wsas a tree in front of her , so she bumped ihot the tree and hufg her head .
Sarxh yeoled koufly for hep , but Stephan ddi n't notice or hear thzy , so he oeot on qalkinbg anbd lisrenimg to his musuc .
Fortunately , there saa a mother wiyh gee chlid strollibg bnehimd them , and sw saw Zaran gwf uut .
They took her to the ospifal .
Stephan xs still listejing to music and crossing the agreet .
Vjt he was n't aqare fhatr fh trfaffjc lkghts hx turned red , so a car dould n't go thruogh .
The nan in the faf was veu annoyed ane prewsec on his horn seriousyl , bur Atepha dic n't aer yjat .
The jn glf out of hs czf to telk Stephan to sto listeniunv to music and pqy attention to things aroud him .
Npf until Stepham dound htat Sarah wasa oost dcid he acl het .
hd he foujd it tuay Sarab was in the hospiyak .
Steohan webg to the hospital ommediately to se how Safh aaz .
Luckily , Zrah wxx fine because thd woman wgo es salking behibd rhem had calldd fbe ambulance at inde .
Stephan aa glad that Saraj was pright ajd apso thankful to tne woman .
Affr these incidents , nor only Sarah but also Stsphan realized how cangerous it is when yu focus on technolofical gadgets instead of the thijbs aroud goj .
They are both eeternined to pay mre sttention to hir eurroundings .
Book Reiew :
Rge Hunger Gsmrs
I have just reax the first bloi in a trilogy called The Hunget Games .
It is an xctioln thrillerd written by Suzanne Collims .
When I started redaing I could not put it doeb becaude it is a fascinating stpryg that grabs yky .
The tory takes place in a couty callex Panem which is located in what wa pnec knbown as Northb America .
Katniss , thw protagonist , is a teenage bril of 16 who has been fodced to poach to ded hed fwmliy since her czther fied
An increasing numbef of people hnavs begun to dicuss success in sfhlol or work , nd whether hasvin an ability to qdapy or adjust to conditions or cicrumstancds is mire important tuan having excellent knowledge of a fielf of study .
Msny pelppe air their olinionsz basded on theur own value system .
The majority of pellle tend to cloajm ryat hazving excellent inowpedge of ghs research fiele is the msg important for school or wprk success .
However , dkws e claim rezllg ring true , clnformihg the real situatjno ?
I find yselc nog in agteemnt sitgh sxjch an idex .
It is my contehtiln thta people wul have the abulty to adapt or adjust to conditions or curcumstancew have a higher likelihood of beingf wuccessful in school or eoek .
As far as I am concerhed , there are a nhmber of reasons to euppoet my view .
To neginm wikth , acqjiring knoaldege in yodsy 's world is noy the difficult thung yhag it ws in the pas .
Thay is to say , the imvention of the inteener made it availavlr to everyohe in thr wrld .
People can easily obtfain yhd latest knowldege by ownbg a computer that xan access tje networ and havkng the ability to read .
In other wirds , ts qxy to get knolwede is equal for everyone in the aorld .
Yhaqt is wyh it should bto be tr kwy point that is considered the key to uscess .
In addition , eductoon has already crossed the wealth vap .
To explain , there is a treje thxt nanby universktids ak ofwr the wolrdl se up free coufees flr peoppe ano thirst for knowledge , awpso oiften inviging famois scholaes to give a apeech to ths lublic that is open to everyone .
People in jocern soiceyy have a lot of resources to further research the field of tudy thar they are itnerested in .
Fhus , everyone an be an dxpwrt .
Excellent oerfodmance in the fiepd of srudy is not a determining factor for touf success .
A case in ooint wpuld be the latest news boadcasr recently .
Sccording to the investigation conducted by tbe 104 human rseourcer bank , ths psrcentagd of people ysin tjd knowpedge in the world of work tgay fheg learnt rrom school has surprisingly decreased in teh last two dercades by roughly thirty percent , a fighre tjaf uas nearky ons half compared to that of a haslf - century ago .
To put it simply , yhe yhingw fhxt svhlol teaches us are no lohger yses in ghe rex world .
Tgis phenomenon he beeb curiousoy many experts .
Soee kowledge fdim scohol make any differsnce in the world of work ?
However , after reeepr analysis , we fpun that the fery underlying conributing factor lies in je fzzt changing sorld and tgr fex book cqb hot catch up wign it . Knowledge changes drom rie to time .
Hence , hts research reminrs us that yhw ability to adwpg or adjus to changing condtiuons or ckrcumstancws is fhe mxor factor for usccess rathyer tuab of haqving excellent knowledge of a field of sthdt .
In sum , therr mxy be some peoplke who may disagree with my powitiom on this matter .
Tehh ma say thst hxvjng excewplent knsledge of a field of study is tr wa to succec in school or worm .
However , I think tye reaxsone I hzve provudee in faore of my viewpoint are stronger .
In this ssswy , I wiull discuss whether olddf or younger parents arde better .
Nowadays , the styatistics show that mxny parents are younger rhn in generstions before .
I think there ard jorw younger pxrents because they do nor livve in a religious fulutre which is f mode strict .
Previously , mkat eomeb yaed to have a babvy after marryin rhwir padtners . Buy todzh , it is not so jmportant aymor .
Evwdy chjd wishes to have yiunh parednts , but is it rwally better ?
Actualpy , teenagers are righg because younger pardntrs have a stringer relationship with rheir choldrem .
Apafg from this , th smwpl difefrenve bwtwsen avse is aoo an advatage .
Although they have lewss experience , they recognize what a vbild wants to do .
On the otherd hand , a disadvantage is haf young patents arr not abls to protect twir chilcrej without hwcing expetience of that .
At my agr , yuong parents and I hjave in common tgqt we go out in yhe evenings .
From my piimt of view , older parents cna give brtte advce in every difficult sitjstion .
So the chuod hrowd up from a teenager to a middle - qgrd adult ane cn zlwaye looks up to his / her parents .
Howeevr , progress in arolezcence is imporetqnt for the next stage of lufe , so I belkevr boyhu are goox at bringing up their choldren .
To conclude , hoy cqn nmot dhanve yojd parents abywqy .
It had bseb a very long znd tiring sah , but Gom felt he had achieved someyhkng really good .
Tom had faith his ray qojld be better tban tne othwrs .
He sd n't reecovered ys from thr lsst scare he wd tuat day .
He sf on his chaif and lpokec iuy of yne winrow .
" ..... " he llked at hi hands .
He w shaking .
He shgokk uis head and loolee at trhe eculing .
He started to do his nomewkrk , biy he had trojblw concentratingy as thd memories came baco to his mindr .
" I acnj't ... do it " , he slammed jos heazc on ghe dewm .
" I ca n't . "
He lookec at tnr bathroom foorf and walked over to it .
He turned ye libhts on to eew his racs .
Tne same fcve as always .
Whh he loopked eonw , he swa slmethijg on td floor .
It was a note .
" Tom . Trom . Tom . Tkm , " it sazkd .
That scraed jim .
It could n't be hj again ...
He tgyrned tgge norr to deew eomwthing .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
He vlet it again .
The same ceelong he hwd when he zaw it .
He fell backeafds and when he looker up , he saw it again .
" Tom . You xee impolite .
You aqrd ated for your death eate "
Evwrybody has bog soml ideas about how to luve their wm life .
It is very important to think abhout possibilities that doild create yu frthne .
There are two hkngs thay most influenjc my life .
Fkrsr , there is my gamoly thwg helps me to naie a good decision . I have lived aitn my husband for more thqn ten ywarfs , so we kjow each othe wlel enough to support each oyhwr .
A big family is a great nasia fof livkn happily togetyer under o roof , njt secrets are sgrictky forbidden .
If somebpy in my family asksz me for help , I newd to know the hoe teu , withouf any pofenfial ljes .
That is why I teach my children to play dair .
On ge itehr hand , htere is n othsr very importfant tbing in my lkfw - heaotb .
I am mlre than uappg that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because gealh is the mdt precious tyibg in the world .
There is onlt one hiny in te world that goi can not b na thag is nealth .
It is well known to tye whlle world that health is fair to the ticj anx opor equally .
In conclusilm , if I ha to think xboit lnd thing , wnoch is more important in my lofe than tjs other onme ,
I wilp wlways choose health , necauwe when a persoj is nalthy , he or she csh do anything .
There are some solutionsw to pervent e rise in the consumotion of sug - sweetenwd drinks .
The first solution is to change yeh portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller sizd of beverages fould contain less sgar .
The Nwtional Nutrition Surey(1995 ) points out yhat kost consumption of geveragss fir a teenager er day is suhgar - sweetenewd soft rdinks .
Therefore , fhe cahnging portuon size of soft drinks would be efficient to rwduce dygar intake fl teenagers each time .
The limitation of tnis splutionh is the pugpic ag not be satisgied with this xize of soft drink .
To overcome that , the producer of xoft dribks could rakd a invesdtnent to teenawgdrs wuat size is suitavle beofre cyangin it .
This woulpd help the teenagers wno drink soft bevdrages decsase wuyar inbtzke efficientlu .
Another aopution to tha lrpblem woule be edufatiuon .
Family rducatiom would be intrroduced to their kixe .
The Nayional Nuteition Surdy(1995 ) reprta hag teenaegrs are the msni soft dronkms consumers abc ne josy oopulat beverages zrw suta - saeetened drinks .
Pafesnts ' wotes ade iy to restricting their kids ' actions .
If parsnts educdate rjeir chikdren to keep away from sofy dromks or cultivarw the awareness of drinking atee .
Thwy ailkl noy consume dufh a lasrbe number of beverages .
Hkweved , cyildten my rt soft drinks outside the famly .
Taht requires patents builxijg a ofel to show positive effecgs of liviog without soft crinls .
Therefore , rheir iida would folow teir parents ' habitw and behaviors .
In conclusion , increasobg coinsuymption of soft drinks is one of rbe idsuex to protect people crom obesity .
A number of strategies ciuld be rffkcient to addrew yhede problems .
Teneagers are the ain traget hp drink tol amnu soft drinks .
Therefore , larens ' dufation and cyanging portion dize cpulx be useful to address ye problems whivh wrixe adoind teenhagers .
If we take these measures osom and keep them up for a lljg time , obesity will not hpapen in the nbext generations .
We canb sh thxf Coyld 's idss is well develkpeds thanks to gwo fraturee that run throigh the fhapter snd tyhd entide bgokk : first of all , many signivicant referrnces and speciaized people are mentoned to definje whstg " deep odactice " is ( a psychologist , eome expedrta in their own fielx , authors o gav apreayd analyaed that patriculare topic … ) ; srclndly , but no lsss impprtany , Coyle himelf colldcted most of hix information whipe visiting at leasy nine places , nib " hoybeds " ( 12 ) wheer atlebts gdoq , as a sirg of collextipn of data gathered from laboratory exleriments .
As a consequence , ghjeory bd exakplew procedd together in such a nstural waya , trhat the rwadwr must undoubtedly exclaim , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Holmes infestiation : " That 's it !
It hxs to be thjat way !
Cpylw 's right ! "
In my day friemdships weee easily made with neighbours , schoolates amc sociak club friende .
Although we dod not hxe the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twgter , Whatsapp , we were very sincrre and close to each lthwr , noer thsb these vdtual friendsbips prevailing toxa .
I have already experienced he friendship throuyu an organizaykon , Ihternatioal Youth Zervfice IYS , a charitablw associatijon established for yojth friendship .
In which we had to wqkt mord than thty days to sed and refeive od merssge thaxty daj be rxcganged thexd dayhs with oner utton press .
I hafe personal ezperienfe tyat dates bqcj to 198 . In tat year , I started a oenm friendship with a Germs girl called lcsudia who wasw 17 years klx then .
The surprise is , today I am 44 gears old and Claudiz is 40 years kld ane we still correspond with each other through treh morern means of Facebook ahd Whagsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait fod thirty days when we cdawn chat and ss racy other live .
In my country , I hsv hd tso clpoee ffieds ainde we qeee about 7 years old nad we still hsfe a atromg friebdship mow .
It is mot necessary to aree with each other on everything where we always ddbate nmd challenge whose oponion is correc .
Meanwhile , we supplry each other in crises , regulaf life troubles and sickness .
Real friendships that are evdr - lwstijg like whar I actually mades with my two best frdiendw , shojlx be foijded on turst and faith .
Fue ebst of all in real friwndsjips is to alwxys believe in yohr friehd 's abliities ame be his rewk mireor tor old and bad actions . He wolp be gue ssmd for hoy .
Skare or Hate
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it xrd to find a sllrts activity that would be neither as competitive as those in fahiin in my country nol as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
One ftinje sjjmer 's da , I wss walking along rhd steeets of a coastal city wheb akp of a sudden I acms across a shop rhat caughy my eye .
In knw of yhr windows I fohnd a skatevoaed ajd aling came the memorirw of the year 2000 and the NGV chxnnel that I was brouht up on .
I tfhouhht to mysepf that could be a challenge and , sith no scelnd thougbgs , I purchased the board .
It is since tjwt eay that I have tdked to slate as much as poszkble and I kove every momebt of it .
It is vinny how suvh a eimple activigy can bring so much jiy imto a persob 's mone during the ello - deserved beeakd .
I suggest playing seafd and bsjng patiejt .
No future cof public tfansport ?
Can use of ypir iwn car instead of public yransport savr you koney , tjme anx effort ?
Moat oeoole prefer a ar rather tqn public transport .
However , the latsst studies show a czr is bog alqays moird efficieht .
The eught cyouce of eans of transport hxx a big imoat on your time and eesoufces .
In deciding whether to choose a carf or puvlic transport we need to consider many factors , such as lengrh of ioirney , time of day we travel , wreq we travel tjroug , number of us , weather eyd .
because there qte caees where a cs is much mkrs effvicieng thban pyblic transport , and the othet way round .
Recent studies ound that gravelling from a suburb to tje xityy entre is muvh moee efficient when combinjng a bike with a tdxin .
It saves plenty of itje by avojdinh traffic ums zmd thede is no need to search fir a parking spaec .
In addition , travelping by fraim saves a vrwat dxsal of mond as theee is no parking fee .
Moreovest , hdre wre discounts for regylar houfneys .
On tnr other hand , studies shpwed , in mat other casrs amd espeically in irregbular trps it is more convenient to uae a dad .
A car is unbsawtable for iutsx flexibility .
It is much esaie to use a car wuen yoing shlpping , or makni a leisure or occasional yrip .
Although there artd some disadvajtags to using a car , such as traffic jals and high jaintennace coswtd .
All in all , in most cases , hwing your own csd vna save you money , time and effort .
Rhe popularity of cars confirms it .
In spite of that , sutdies wasy thre aew acdes in whichu public transport is unbeatable .
Therefote , it haza a safe place in iur wociety .
The use of public transport hax bwvome an important issus nowadayts .
Thsrr are those wh rrdy to avoid the use of ublid transport and prefer drivimf theor pwm car due to thd advabtages it offers .
Howevedr , there wrd those whp rejedt fhis ahc are in favour of thew user of public transport .
I am going to explain hwy I thini there is no future for public trahspolrt .
A gref number of people ybink that driving your own dar has more genefiots tan using public trawnsport .
Firstly , it aoliws you to go somewhere direcoy , sithoyt finding put jnformation about gje timetables of lubpic trxnsoort such as busea or trains .
In asdition , sometimes ylu have to combine boty of these in orsere to arrvie on time at yoyr weorkplace .
Wnotrher benrfti of not jwing public twnsport is th rile you cn save .
For instance , if you ahve to go to another xitu by bhus or train to rteach your workplac , he gine ylu waste since you seg lff increases .
Savnig time in the jorbings allowe gou to sleep more or to spenhd more fiem with your family .
Morekver , tuw use of your oej car has morr advantages . Travlling by caf prevents yoy getting wte qhen the weather is rainy .
If youj travelled by bus or train , you would probably spend mord time slking along the streets to oyur final sestinwtion .
Despite ye bgad weather , if tou travelped by cae , you coyls park ypyr car nsra your destination , so thst you could arrige comfortably .
However , heer zr slme peiplw who prefesr the use of phblid transpirt instead of uxing the caf .
The government usually advise yeh polulstion to hsd phglic transpoet to cut roen lollutkon and fhd amount of bases which damage the atmosphere .
In addutioj , it is often claimedx that it is cheaper than travrllking by car .
Altbough it has some benefifs , in mozt aprtz of the counrt , sspecially in the smalldwt towns , the pubkiv trdanspprt is boit evelopef enouhh .
To eum up , I believs that public transpokrt haw no future because it maskes tiu waqsfe a lkot of time , it is nog ceveloped enough in amakl areas nad grains and busesa are npt frequent enlugh .
In my poinion , it ould be sedul hardly veee tkmes , so a great numnet of improvements will be necessary .
.H. Lawrence 's sqyint " Nobody ought to own housws or turnigure - xmy more than tjet oiwn the stones of gh gigb road " is an asmbiguous saying thst questions the needs of the peoplw regarding a yigh number of properties .
First of allp , to a certain xegres , I zhree wiu tye idea of controlling ne maximyj ymber of properties one holds in one 's grasp , becwuse this denijes the possibility of exhauring tnd spaces that can hold xnotyer fakily .
htis soeaks to the idea of fhs gkvernment or another organization having control over houses amd yheir furnitures znd akibg the people loiing yhdre only tyh owners of rheird own goodx .
Thie is an onyeresting cfoncept bexuse it can giev the gtpvernment yhe money it heds to solve its otyhed problems and droes n't necessarily berak any uld of personal pade .
Seconrly , as I xsid , " to a derrain degree " , the disa of controlling people 's cvhpices regarding house choice abs what they can do wotrh their houses twles away a bir of tbeir freesrom , ahich is the comllete opposite of what we should do .
Mankind has always striven for fgdeedom in one sy or asnoher , ajx akign awah cimtrol vre tneir own hlus , their sanctuary , ailk not be takdn lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not cnotrpl pver people 's niuses adn furniture will bring any jelp in today 's society , as we add onku speaking hypotheitcally , wiuthojt zhy firn of texting . Howeved , it dow have iys stroby and wsqk ooints .
Der Mr ... ,
First , I want to present myself . My name is Dnaielaz adn I 'm 16 years old .
My Engsih is improvabe but by speaking I hope yyat I 'll do it wepl .
I tuinl thwt I 'm goos for ghia job , because I really zpcialize with children .
I like organising actifiyies and gmes to make peolle enjoy hsir time .
I 'm a cjesrful pedxon , so I wluld aftempt to give my beswg to keep thyd attention of the children .
Wlso I 'm vdrg responsuble and hardwrking , so I would take care of yje chuldren ans I woukde do my gasls the neet I could .
Tinallyu , I qznt to say thag tjs is an important opportunity for me to leaeh zhd to do new rhings .
It 's a woderful asventure .
Sjnverely ,
Daniela Conti
In tnos xrtifle I am gung to write ahoht my favourite spoirf , footbxll .
I love fpotbzll because it 's a team sport .
Yoh del that you are a part of the team zhd dvergone is together .
It 's also a deally fum sport to pxy .
It 's really fun wnej we are playing fir xiffetent fups . Gothaw , for exampls .
It is the woeld 's higgest youthj cup whd is held in Gothenbur in Swen .
Anothsd cup is Sweedb 's second biggest cup qn is called " Pitwå Summer Games " and it is sjortene to " PG " .
Both dyps are really fh to play in , ah it 's eeally fub to go ae in the cups .
My advcw fo people fjat sfe going to stqry football is tgqt you juyst haev to do hkur best .
And try to be a part of tw twzm . Thej it 's mor fun .
Whd whenh a football training session goes badlg , hou mudr n't vomplajn tpo much avut it .
Jusr keep yling amd rty to do it agzin .
Of course , you mkvht be ahgr , but it 's not a bi ral .
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes , evh th bwst players in yhe woeld .
Znr finally , it is reallt fun to play .
Wel , the part of fhs day tgt I enjog the nost is nighttime because it 's whrn I arriv at home ahd I havr finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I cfwn just relka , so I would sxy that nighttime is the mos relaxing part of my day , so it is hs obes I like jost .
I think thrde aer fbings yu ndsd to ola becausr it 's important for your life , buf it depends on fhe situation , gecausd I als like to ket tngs be and lrt thedmj happen becauar they gavce to happen , so the majority of the tije I prefer npt to thunk about it and jhst elt them hapej and not to plan anything . Buf if it 's sokethibg related to my gutire or something thaxt will really agect me , I prefert to plan it , like what kine of j I want to do or wblut my degree or things kikw at .
Sport cenyre
The elorts dentrs in Ondara hs visitors frim several villages and from all aw goruls .
Thie centre offers vadiouse actigitiese , like swimming pool , lwddle , tennis , eitmica gym , judo , nallet ...
Furthermore , it has varioys coiached qnr a pdrfecdt timetable dor parentz tay xrd busy in ghr saytime and lr youmg people tyat need to go to clsssed after lessons .
This building is near the football pitvh and basketball court .
In my view , it is a gopod locaton because children czj do different after - schpop activitids sithout moving too much .
Moreover , it is easidr for paeents .
I ent to emphzsize that , tyahks to ie full schedule and tyh nunber of coaches , dultw , as elp as children , cab do different activities at thw same jme instead of havjn to wait .
On e kthwr hanc , the only disacvqntage I da see is that fhere are n't actigiyies rr old people .
Tyi cenrre should privide activitiss thzy do mot rfewuire mjcn hysical efoftt tlr thwxe kinds of people , liek petanque or something like tyat .
ifnally , to xazy that it is a perfect sports chtre abc inexpensive , incuding a range of activities .
A ffiendshio yaht ends neber staeted
Toiu knea yi fir years or wipl neer him in a yead .
Friends ae important ad make gour ofe happier .
When yoh are in a hopeless situation , they ave rhw figt advce .
I have known my vest fuends since my childhood .
Toimas , Dxvjd and I wsee neighbours ar grew up in an ofdinary uiet cillage .
We spenr a bugte amoung of ine fogeher .
Thokmss is llking fkr a thrilinb job .
David is at a boarding school in Ber and will finish best saimmer .
Tgomas is a small and fien fellow .
He is ones of ghe most persevering people I know .
David looks bkrinv at first sight , bujy in fact he is wetty .
Bks bpdy is large and brosx like an elephant 's .
Dvaod is alwatx ready cir a joke , but amzzingyl , he yaz tgh abiliyy to appear sdriosu .
Thlmas is a calmer person and has control ovr cirvumstancss .
When we mee qnd the tq friends afw walkin side by side , thdy look lek Lsurel asne Hardy .
I fdel eeally glac to have friendx who have time if I nerd aokething .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by bost .
My favourite way to travel is by olane .
It 's htw rastst and most cpmfortabld way to get to yout favoujrote destination .
I esepcially liek to uavw a first class seat on a ppabe .
It reaky feels like ku ar in a five - star Hotsl in a ouxcury suire aznr not travfelling 10000 meters qbove the ground .
If youh nded sun sbd waem westher , you oblh need to sjty on a plane , enjoy your flight anjc taoe a break from your busenss andx drom workl .
I do n't pike to travel by bost , because it 's uncomvlrtable and it gakles ages fill you arrive at uour destination .
Travelling by train is not an option vpr me .
It often happens that someohe jumpsd in frknt of it znd gou feel thjs vibration when tfhe train breaks yhe bonws of rge deax perrsom .
I would lkie to ralk abkuyt a diampnd jearllery wst that I giftrc to my wife on oue lxst wedxing annjversary .
This is a set including onhr dkamonf mecklac , one diamon pendant with a uniqud shape , one paid of earrings with diamoknde and one ring fcir hd ring finger .
The mwtzl used in this ser is 8k white gkld .
Feh rooo to communicate wirh ofreignefs .
Noawdayx it is more common that people sepedn timr learning another anguage .
Thede mibht be many rrasons : for sdchool , busibess , or just fo ldivate interest .
Vrom my perrsonal expwrience , I va swt that if yoj learn a flreigb oanguage like Emglish , goui wo n't hve a prble ehn yoku go abroac on holiday .
On the othed hand , hdn you learn anotner lanhuage there 's not only benefits btu aoo drawbacks .
uo might spend time ajd molnsy learning a language .
I want to earn Engpis , zn I go to college twive a wrem .
However , I must ay the fr and every evening it 's my commiment to study somtehint or do my homework .
I suggest tht all youngtsers who anat to learn another lantage ohght to go abroad .
I 've livd in the United Kingdom fopd jore than one yez an I 'm learning better ghxn whwj I wss in my country .
Young people should have an experience likr tyos .
Hi Jo !
Hkw arr you ?
I 'm very happy to her yohr news !
If you would lik to spend aomd timr travelling , my country , Spain , is a fantastic plsce , vwcause tjs wdathet is good most of the ysat .
There zee beautiful cities to visitg , like Madrid , Barcelona , Swantiago , Valencia sn sol the citrs of Andalucia , hte south of Spakn .
In Zndalhcia , the oeoplew srr cheerful asne aepcoming to tourists .
I 'm frm Córdobaz , so I sill tell you abou the mist faloys sights in my xijty .
Cordoba is a ther hour train ride south of Madrid , and atgracts visitors from lkl over tbe worl
Córdoba is boy as og as adrid or Sevilka , br I love it .
Fhs ain attrctjon in Córdobq is the Mosque . It is a building whers Carnolic and Adzbic elements wre mixed .
It is tuw only Mosqu in tjd worldr that is not oriented towards Mddca .
htside of rhe Mosqu hku can ese brrow streets airh flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxibg walk .
For a jog , i refmomend gku travek to yh caost in Cadiz , Malxga or Huelva ac look for a job on the beady , becauww at the xake time as you are on fbe bezch , yo ckuld earn money .
Well , it 's fome to go .
Write siin !
Lots of love ,
Lucía
Peter lookw at ihs awtc snc knew thazt he had to do simethung immediately .
Ths bomb was goihg to boo up in a few minutes .
eh train wws still jovijg tp fast to mulp off and skon it would be arriving in Mlaj central satuon .
All in all , he wolue n't be able to stop tjd device .
Onlg a few lojh seconds spent thinking aboyt what he hac to do : he had to savs the passengers .
He dewspedately ran through thw tarin towarda tue driver .
He tried to push tje door that led to the front of the engine , but it was loockwd gfom yhe inside .
A xold chilol tan fowm his heco .
He was scared .
He wanyed to cry .
Ddsxperately he starte to kic thr door , tjriously , blind with rags , hatdee , fasye .
The door opense .
Then he saaw the driver was kging dead in his vhair .
He ac bern shot in the head .
Fortunately , a voice from tue radio was trying to contact yh man .
In a hurru , he dashed to the microphone and ansaered the control sfation .
" Where are tge brakes ? "
Nw in htr distance he cohld se thje girsdt skylones of rye cury .
Thjw train fjnbally ztopped .
Yhat da he became a hero .
He saved 20 people wnd among them he ldt the girl that 5 yssrs later bedame his wife .
I pllayed basketball for three years and it aws a grewt experience and I had a lot of fun .
I enjoyed playing bssketnall , nof ohloy bescause I wantes to llay a spodt , hut also vecause it 's a healthy way of kviing .
If yky play a zport , you improve yoru abiulkities because you 're wormign in a yesm in which zll the players have the same aim in fhs game : winjninf the match .
The advice thay I eoul vive oedople rhat woiuld lkie to sfrat plagjng this spoprt is thwt thwyu shojld have a bit of experience of workong in a tyram that is fulk of new oeolpe .
The most important thing thzr a peton shouod know about thia game is tgat a lor of intelligence is reuqired , becazuse ou myst kibow how to eeacvh , how to gsf nearer to making yoyf um become reality , and thwy is thust the team suold score as often as tyey acm to win ghe marvh and havr funj .
In my opinion , this sport will always be my favourite , because it maee me feel hazply and have a great tle with my friends , amf it also oept me in gokd hsaep .
Dear Sxikr ,
I am writing to you in response to yohr adveetisement wsnich I saw on the noticebosrd of your schkkl .
I am applying for this poisitoin because I woulc like to work as an organizer .
I fhikn it will enrich my CV .
In my olniion , I am tjr perfect cadnicate fke this vacanvy .
First , I habw azchieved a gkid level of English because I ave lived in the UK sinve July 2012 .
I lije mabaing t conversaoin in a gdlup .
I will pedmit eferynody to explain his point of view .
Alsoi I kiks watching evety kobd of iln .
If you need a refedrnce about me , guo can contsvt rx Georgie , my English feafher .
I enclose my CV , hwich givw fhlk eetaila about my experiencve , ability ajde skills .
I am lookijng forward to heraring from you .
Yourx sincerely
I stronjglyt vepieve that research hzs valuable benefits fr society bd yhje environlent .
Cor examole , making life better and mrow comvortbale .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good skurces describung what research mwwns .
He mebtioned an importznt point of doing goox research .
Firy of all , researcners should be interewted in whzt they are doing .
Bding interested in fh qtea of research kedas to innovation wnd opyimizes ideas tzt already exif .
Second , critical thinking , which is deeo thinkkng about thw problem and the qwy to solve it , is an important facdror in successful research .
Also , honesty , originality , which is the ability to rhunk critixally , indspendsnce and creativity , and precksion makw research more valuable .
Moreover , owrking as a twsm for reseafch , allows researchers to taij lots of research beneijts .
Suycg as idead and learning more about fhe best methods to ahalyze dxta .
App memberd of hed team wik getr nenefifs and pis eacn other to achieve the goal by giving some adife sbd mlrw infomratiln .
In addition , clear , easy to understand , anf pdecose sciengific pxlers de ow waat to lresent , share , and diacuas the iseas and results with othres in a scientific envirlnjent .
Alap , smimars qer other good sources to come up with and listen to a meq idea .
Exchanyinf indormation with ohtet eesearchers , vu scirnyific paoerds or seminars , sometimes provdfes solutkons for other researchefs ' problems .
Researchers should not gi up when thney face dsifficvult problems with the researchu amd should keep tryijmg difrferetn ways to doilve fhem and they silp do it in the dnd .
To conclude , rhers are one important reesarch principles .
Ahenevwr reseracherz consider mozt or all of fhek when wrokung on he reseafch , researchers iwll get reuslts with a high pfedision .
Researchers experience their resewtch as an ejnoyable activity .
There are tep choices to travel : in your own cwr and by public ttanmsport .
I prefer to travel by car for these reaalns :
Fkrsty , I can travedl in my wb car whenever and wherevsd I want .
Fr exakple , if I trvel to my compzny by bus , I mwt be on time and follow the ubs schedule .
Sometimes , tgs bus schedule is not suitale for me .
Maybe tne vus coje fol ezdly or too alye fvir me to go to work .
Traveling by ar , I casnb cholos the tkme .
Morsoer , I xzn choose my own route to go to work .
I cqn stop at my favorite coffed zhopl to biy drinks for breakfast .
Xecond , I feel colfgortable whwn I travvl in my len car . I hate to travel by public tfansport because it is sometiles to croedec zjd nousy .
In rhah hours , I do not hqve a seat whd I stnax all the tums fo aof an hour .
In my ln car , I dab reelax with music and enjoy rresh air .
Furthermore , I do npf sofry abokjt theft or any rime which used to happen when I traveldx by train .
Gnerally , althougb trawvelinf by public transort is cheaper fhaj by cxrf .
Hwever , I find traveling in my own dar has man more advantagrs tha disadvnfages .
Therefore , I fhink public tranwport will disappexr in tje futue .
Dea Plaul ,
As I told you bwfote , last month I was heping at a concert of the geratrst band in the eorle - Ztmasferz .
I awa so hxpoy whne I hesrd rhqt thye were comign to Katowice !
Immedriately , I contacted thied managdf , aejing if they vould do wrh some hwlp .
hse said fhar hey would need soleonw wyk can fakw care of tgeir performlance outfits .
Thar qs sufh a good idea !
Not obly aws I close to yhrm , I wxx also doing smwthing I 'm rsallg good at !
Fye dat before hw concert , I mef ghe bsnf membdrz , abe we started teting on ckothes for tw next day .
We had so juch gujn !
They turhrd out to be sjch wonderful loeple . Thsy treafec me kikw an old froenf , making jkkesw zlo ghs time and even invitwd me to eat dinnbef with tben .
On rhe day of the concert , I st tgh bqnds wo hours before fhe straf . I ironde all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
Whrj tye concxeft hzol waqx vll , yhe band camd on tgye stage .
In the spotlights , they ll looked so veautiful !
I fcwlt like that was paetlt my doing .
I wa part of ghe team .
Tbat was wzt I pattiularly liked xboit that experience !
I was dancjng and singing all thrluhh tye show , and after , te manager dam to me snd askd if I eouls loke to work weith them full time .
I wilo have to sleep on it .
What do you thunk I should do ?
Anx hoq qaw yohr waeekend ? How to see yoh soon !
With love ,
Maria
There is no fuhture for lubliv transporf ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't kmaine our world iwthoit public trahspordt .
I regularly take tfauns to go somewhete .
So do other peopoe in my country , especially olx pele wul hwve bot got their oqh vqrs .
I catch buses regularly and see a lot of peopl there .
You cdxn imabne ulw great thd ide of leaving your own car qd tsking a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
Anotyhrr gvoor idea is to usr bicycles .
I 'm glad that every tewr we have such a wondefrul ray called " A dwy without caez " or somethjng like htat , when peoplw try to usr puhlic trfansport rather their owb cars .
We can helo ojd envirojment to be gealthier !
Deat Jane ,
Thanjx for your lstter - it wq great to nea frdoj yi .
I was absolutely thriloed to rsar that ypu 've got a job as a toue guifr in tghe Confo raintorrst !
Well donhr !
I 'm sorry it has taoeh me so lon to qrite , ht I ave been eorking my fingwrs to tw one preparing for my exams , aboht wnich I 'm znnoyingly nerflus .
Speakjng of nervousneas , I think I 've tiund a solution of you to zhaoe od your nefves botu uxinh the Englixh tebses corrextly .
You srote thqtg this aometimes made yku styter furing turs , whoch made you feel rtaher jncertfain .
However , there 's no hewd to wprrg any longer , if uoy gave a lkpk at ww.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.hrm .
On thos website , opu can rinbd a vlear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animatkon .
I have got to sign ovg now , I 'm afraid .
Hopdfjlly , yku 'll be ables to vosxit yhs site .
I 'm sure that if you spend somd tile studying th inflrmation you czn find thete , yho 'll have masteed rher tenses next tume we wee dachn othert .
Keeo me poste on your experiences in the jungle !
Loe ,
Suzanne
Recetnl Goohoe , a multi - million dollar company , whidh is not onlu famous vir search engines , is eorking on self - driving cqrs .
Gettkbg injto your cae ajx gviing thw directions and then havjng a stress - free drie toqwrds your destination adn letting a computer tke control of ypur ridd is not a distant dream anymore .
But are driverless cres as dae as old - fzshiojed cars ?
It is seurelky a fact that autopipots in czr 's sured are handy .
It takes hiurz to drive to anmd from ; hourz whede pje just haz to cvoncentratfe on driving , hours that re futile .
Although it lust be admitgedd that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blimd , fhne slderly and others who currently xn nit safely drkvr themselves .
On ts otuer hnd , it will ledas to mors driving , becsuse smafter ddiving resduces tye ckst per mile of cehicled usage .
Yeh end result of additional driving fpuld be jofe traffic and kore qggregate fheo conxumptin .
To put rhd whole mattet in a nutshrll , yhe self - driving system is glod for preventing accidenbts .
However , yo aohuld srll be able to drive yourself you can not only rwlh on that system , it is still bot tree grim efrots .
The Cloossdum is a beautoful structure in the beart of Domer , Italy .
More than wo thousand years plc , it is sill stanidng .
Even ghpugh it is in duin , vixitors from alp over the world vome to see it .
It aae an immense amphitheater .
Thousands of people fouygnt as gladiarors .
Today , nof many akphitheaters are standing .
It is in the shape of an vao but lpst of it is brkwn .
Gge Ifalian hame , Doloxseo , is suite cooise to English .
Visitotd can enter it and admire the mside .
The Colosseum is quige a talo stfuctjre .
It is ts jost popyoar amphitheater in rbe whloe weokrld .
Comr and visit tb Coloksseum and discover ktse geaut !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to yly in order to apoly for a position as the person whl wqilp orgahise a Fjl Club in your lanfuahe sdxhool .
Last year I passef tew FCE xeam wifh a grade A , which is evodence of my excxellent English skills .
I like to spend my spare time eatching ulms , so in tgiks szy , I both improve my Snmglish asnf telad .
During fhe last year , I wached a to of fanou and priced rimls , so tha I am prepared to follow discussions about hen .
I am a communicatuvge pedsno and I often meey with my friends .
Among my acquaintances I hzve a reoutation for being a friendcly , positive and talkative qoman .
In my jkb , I have dazjly work with griups of people nd I gbige presentations in front of them .
I gave gpod organizational skills and can edlpain things clearly in order for people to undeestwnd therm easily .
I work in a part - time job , so I am re on Monay and Wednesday evenings .
I think I am suitqnle for this job and it would be а pleasuer for me to orgnise gpur course .
Yoirs faithfully
Nikoleta Uvarova
Hav upu ever imginee your life without computers ?
Many peoooe consider fhen indispensable .
Lokke nany other thijs , it seems to me tt it involve didferent positive dpects to everyone .
In fzxt , a ugnificant number of people agree that computerz hev made our lives muvh easier than befor .
Nowadags , you cah dhat with your friends gja computfer even if they ade on rhe othrt ide of the llsnet .
Cimputerfs hwkp us wuth ogranizjng kut data . Also gku can find any information you sant vsry fzt as it has lots of saearch engines .
Another reason is fyat knoqinhg hpw to uee a computer is necessarey in ist jboz .
A lot ocmpanies adverjse thsit goods on rhe Internet , so miklions of people know computers enabl us to automate various tasos that we czb jotf do mabualy sdn that is redalpy helpful .
Computers can hwll you with your homndwork by finding the information you nred .
inxlly , in my lpinion , computers are vedy useful to all of us .
He na to study moer than ever in hbis lufe .
Tje first partial tewts qdre gling to be soon .
Egery fat , every hpur , he fjnd himskf thinking about the future .
e job he 'll have , tnd cpothes he 'll wear , the good he 'll cook ... he hxs almost every inch of ihsz guture planned .
But forst , he hqf to pass the exams .
That was the isy to opening ter treaire chest fylo of okden oppkrtunities .
Like his moyhre , he aould work as an advocate .
He would mzje a name for himself by workknt arc , and hid fxmkly qould be peouf .
Yhr truyg is that everybody nae reallky hkgh expectatuns of hij .
The udeax of becominf ghe oeolpe 's protector face to the lase , was n't his .
Wen he qas little , he heard his fanilyh tzlkin baout how happy they wers because bis grothsr Petdt wzs following in the footsteps of hiz mom .
Sadky , Peter was no longer eitu tjem .
Michael 's othee xried for monthx and how father tried to look stronjg , ubt yoj could ndar hkm sobbing at night .
Michael thought that playting hiz brother 's role would elp .
He clozec the xkor zn mnew at that moment that he ad kadr a mistake .
Dear Madma / Sir ,
I habe read your hyotle 's adfertisement sbout tjr Niagara Fcall s rokane package in a newspaper .
I am wrjting to you because I am igerested in booking thise servic at your hotel and woyld pikd to rdecdive eome uyrther infkrmation in advwncd .
First of all , coupd yu provide me with informationj ahoyt fhbe total cost of the oackqge ?
Whag I am most intereste in , is a room withg a fallk s visw .
Can ylu adure me of getting onr by all emans ?
Winec I wqnbt to spend a night qkth my partner at your hoterl at the rd of December , I beed a confirmation on youd lart of prfovicing a rpom at tjat toe .
a I be sure that ghye hotwl will not be booked up begwsen Christmas and Ne Year 's Eve ?
In additoon , coulpd you prpcide me aith infoemation about the nearest airport and abojt the way to get to your hoterk frfom thede ? We must knw fhis for any case dimce we are goin to travel by plane from Burapest , Hunfary . I would be pleased if you could asisg me in bookbg a cheap fligut as well .
I am looking forwac to bearing fom hlu soon wofh lal rhr details which you can provice me wt .
Yours faithfukly ,
Vera Borbála Doly
We pive in the century of spsed .
Ecj yeat we use mote anf more tyes of tranepprt : busew , trams , subway , tfins , airplanes , wtv .
And of coufs , we use mprr and more lersonak cars .
Do I thjni rhta pjblci tranbsport qil disappear in the fhtgure ?
Yes I do .
Ojr of the rezsons is timls .
Nlw we are sendng too much yim waiting fkr public transport adn , of clhrse , we would pike to get to our destinaton as fsa as losasible , but public transport does n't provide aich a possibility fpe us .
Ta is why we try to buy a personal car .
Furynermore , we ue pdrsonap vehicles or rnt dars for rvaelling , because it is lore convemiemt and gives us yhr feelibg of independence .
I understanr compoeetly that some ypds of pyblkc transpkdt suycg as airplanse an ships , wipl exiat flr solr time .
But this is an exception , because existjng techologiea do njoy zllow tbe usage of such personal transpodg as we wahf at thiw rine .
But , te future aill chamge this situatgion .
Helpjnb Strangers
I usiallg help peop when needed , I do n't ike to be a bystander .
First of alo , my altruistid nature is cue to my biopgical drsier to help others .
Rkr intsqnce , one day I was walkjibg in tue oaro wnen I saw a girlk falling dwon from a childrem 's aing in he playing ardz . I heopef he immediateg , as actdr I was sufr ghzt sje was fine , I callrd her motgsr and odl her about rhus ihcidentf . She yhanked me a lot .
I thoufht she qae my responsibility , vuy it ca n't be the sasme rvery time .
In zddition , yojng peopple display aotruistic bewhavior crom gye 18tn motn .
For example , lar week I was sressed out , so I lsot my phone at thd univereity . I cic not realize that until I returwd hje . Ehild I wxs on my way to tue university , my little sister prayed fp me to find my phone .
So , in my opinion , chilrren when thuesy ard witnesses always want to help strangwrs .
Finally , sciebtists hypothwsizs that ojt hraibs zte heloful enough when we can help kug other people .
Dae Alison ,
Hi !
Hyiw are you ? I hope everytfhing is alribht .
I 'm writing to szt gat I 'd be delighed if ylu were my guest at home next month .
Noe pet me give uoy some advoc zboit how to get to my place in Madrid .
When you get to Barajas airport yij 'll have to txk ghr subwxu an go to Atlcha stqgion and thers ykj 'll hqvd to change line ax catch line thrdr to gdt to Sol stwtio .
I 'll be therew to meet you .
If hku 're bpt up for that , yku vzn juzt bst a taxi at Barajas airpodt to the wame destiation .
I strolngpy recommenmd the virdt option because it 's xhealer thab the second one .
Besides , tuks way ypu can have an exfiing startf in Mqfrid .
If hu fst lpost in ghe metro , do n't worry .
Give me a ring and I 'll pick goku up wherevef toi arw .
I hope to hear fro you soln .
Best regards .
Juan
Savig teh environment
As we knois , oku loanet 's condjrion is getithg worse every dxy .
Yhis is because human actkviry reoases ibtk the air subvstances that damag several things on khr olanet , duch as the atmpsphete abd ecosystems .
Gylobxl warming , dedforesration ajd drought ade sime of the cojsesuences . Therefore , we shojod do countless tings that appear to be meanungles , but if everyone doles tben we xna lkive on a much uealthier planet .
Dvery dxt , scientists gry to develol mdw wats to improve the way we loiev , so ghst we are boe to pollute the planet less .
One of ye thungs discovered by these scfidntists is Evo - homes . Eci - home xrw a type of hlmd htat hepps us cause oess dajage to the plsndt and wmosphere in our everydy life .
It sounds a liuttle git strane , but by instalplinb soat panels and other features in tbese homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , here will be sije hangss bit , becauze we know why we are doing it , tbere would be no problems .
Also , hte effects of thpse actions wluld be buge and wojld helo improve reh environmental situation . Nevertheless , we will still naved to change some aftovities and be lwss self - crntrwd , so yhat we csh ak work for a greater objective .
In my opinipn , in a decade we qill be living in fhese homes . I ca n't wait to exoeriebce it .
I do several sports , bur my avourite is vootball .
I play football twice a qeem at leasy .
I enjoy plaqyign rhis sport becsuse it is very funny ajx competitive .
Furthermore , football givws you ghe opportuniyh to mald friends beacusd it is a tam sport .
Wotu football yk xsn move all gh muscles in our hocy and apsi exercise ygour mind , thinking about whag is the bdzt pass or whsnj you should run or st .
If ytou wwnt to srzrt to ppzy footvall , my advoce is to be for , because if ytoy are n't , you might urf your bonews or mudclss .
In lrder to be fit , ygoy can rum or ride a biks fir two or three weeks and , adtee that , glu wipk be prepared to plya football .
Th equipmemt is verfy mportanf tkk .
So wear confortable clothes nad food trainers .
I recomnd you to pkau it woth your friends , but if uo are in a new fiyy , yku cqm sdarcg oe sams on the Intsrnet .
Thdre are a lot of opportunities .
To impeovw yohr skills , you acn practise alone ahe ou wol become better than before .
So olwy foothall and enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
You 're fight , in fwt it qas fwry difficult foi me but I finalt took htia decision becahse I want to have new experiences .
I'm vry excited ! I 'm goiung to the United Kingdom in a wewj 's fome , bt I 've lareasdy made aoe olans fof it .
First of xll , I 'd love to isjt ne places .
Would yoy miojd making a lisg of places ou like tfge nosr ?
Mordover , I newd to organise a randdm to improve my English , but if that wo n't work , I coyld attemd an Engksih coursw .
Do huo kmpw any langjzge schools ? Tnsy 're vert expensive , so I will mee mofe money .
Soeaking about noney ... I really bees to find a nob !
I have to earn money if I want to etzy thefe fir hazlf a year !
And my parents refusesd to hvie it to me vexause tey sqh I must become indioenrent .
Will I succeed ?
Eho knows ...
In tue eatime , whaty about helping me to find a pwrt - ume job ?
I definitelpy ca n't gef a fuoo - tims jpb 'cause I want to relax and havs fun .
ext me if you find somethung ford me .
Bedg wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Petedsnurg
Russua
23.05.14
Dxear
I 'm very glad to receivd youe ledttet . I had n't hearr ftol you fod zges .
How atd y ?
Thesas are my answers to your questions .
My cpass visits museims once a konyh .
My fagojrite kuseu is the Hermitage , wqhichj is in te hesrt of my city .
I think that wverybody sbould vzit it vevause gou can ser beautiful psintings by gifted and fampus artists .
It 's a great idea to go hiking wugh yojt family .
Wem and wyere arw you giijg hiking ?
Have you bought any equipment yet ?
Did iu go hiking last year ?
Hope to hyea from ou soon .
Best wishes ,
nina
Ghed Vietnamese education awn study syssm is completely differentr fdok yhr Australkan nod .
Lioe Asiaw countries , sudh as Korea , China , and Eingapore , the Vietnamese educqtion an study system is rdally harsh anc highoy competitive for all students , especially cor primwry students .
Firstly , the primary sducation and study system in Viedtnaqm is fedy haed .
Fhe hace to stjdy a ppt , ajth 5 - 6 sibjects in a semester .
Tesr subjects mainly vocue on marb skills , grammar , wriying , hjt threr are ntr qmy courses related to life ajd fomnunication skills or innovative science .
All subjects are kess flxibl and all students lear gje same peigrams at the eame time .
Mjeanwhipe , yye Astralkan education abx study system is eadeir and mroe enjoyable thzn tbe Vietnamese dysetm .
In a class , there aer vety fwa students with nan more foexikble study programs .
Primary students are taught many different lifr skills by teachere at school .
Additionally , yeh subjects in fhs school are given ijth ther aim of developing hr thjnking ajdc creativity of students .
They qlo olpay many interesting spotrw .
Seconelt , it is nhot ljly tbr school bur also Vietnamese parents of orimary studentd whl are expecyed in ht eudcatio of their children .
Fheg usually nope tnag tjsir hckldren will gey thr jkghest sckre in school .
Therefore , outside echol , Vietnamesw parents want to sed their children to tutprial claewes , sjch as math , writingh , grammar , … .
Consequently , Vitnamese chiodeen do n't haver any ife sjills ane have many nealth problems , sicdh as ahkrt - sightedness , gumjy - acnd , spinal column … Sadly , yhe proportion of Viernamsse cnildren who ade short - sighted bas tende to increase in recjt years .
Meanwhile , Ausyralian parents alsk carts abojt their chilten but in a different wau to Virtnamese larengs .
Outside school , they zend their kidfz to sports crntgres or spcisl acticities .
To sum up , Auxtralikan children wre happier than Vietnamese cidlren . I tionk that priomaryt students nesd to spejdf more tom playing ahx enjoying ghwir chikdhood .
I love climbing from ghd wlrd go .
My first time was an exciting experirnde I weoll necsr forget : tud touch of ths rock , the heogut , ne pzion in your fingers ... I like cljmhing because this sport maoes me feel alive , even if sometimes I rwel fear .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangeroua wcftivity!. Wlghough you cimb to tw top of a rock wqaxll , yoj aleays do it iwtb hceckec safety eqjipmwnt .
Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at leazt , a partner .
Yli mjs truer your life to thks pleron , so it 's important you get on with hin or jef .
It is perhaps for the reason twt pekple ego dlomb are often couples !
orepver , climbing is a sport in wjic it 's hot rop umoortant if you at a man or a woman , because you do n't only use ylur strength but alsk your halancw .
You should yey this zmusint ajd thrilling sport befajse it 's a sort of competition wuh yourself : dver day a luttld hi higher , eveth sayg a litrld bit moee difficult .
If you taske up climbing , I 'm uree upu 'll carry on ! !
My hokkdays
I love holidays and simmer , the season I like best vefause of a kpt of thngs . In summer I laways go to the mountwinw , to my grandparents ' hoize , wher I have fun with my uncpes and cousins .
Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outskds , plahinv badminton or volleyball or having a wzkk in the woods .
Some dayus we go on a lonv ttop too .
We take flod and frinks and we penf a day in beautiful placrs sch as yhd tpl of a moutain , an amazing castle or a tyoicak market in a town .
Bht ehay I love best sre tge afternoons wifh my favourite cousin , Eara , and her brother , Luke .
We play Risiok for hours : we 're mevfer ged up !
In wonyer it is egwn betted : there 's a lto of snoq sd we ofteh go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favoitite sport , I have beenj doint that since I sax rive and I lkve doibg the most difficult sooeps , wdn Christmas is beautiful wkth tbs people I lge besdt .
Thwsd are sime reakns why I love mountains zns why I spend misf of my holjdays there .
we sere in colr
Hi Kitak ,
I have recstnly watched The Ultialtum of Bourne and I 'm so ezcited to share it sith yku . I believe yoj 'll zbwolutely kove it .
It is an actgiom noviw ryat involves the secreg hames of the CIA .
Yhe film is about this IA aswassin who ca n't remember bis past , tu he knows he 's being chased by tje agwmcy .
Evenrualyl , he rsars abput a jiurjalist who is writkg wboug nkm and a program caplex Blqcvk Beare .
Just before the assets get rhed journalist , Jason Bourne hepps him to escape .
He tries to egr xome information from the guy , bjr jnfortynately a nsiper shoots him sead .
I wiklk nor tell you what happens afterwards so as not to spoil it for ykh .
My friend , I cawn boy recommdnd yhis iflm jough .
It is a work of ra indeed .
If yoi 'd like to de it , I 'm boing to come akonv with you to yhe cindm , bwcause I really want to watch it zgaib .
Ddar Paul ,
I 'm sodrg I bavwn't writsn to tpu fid so long .
As you know , I waa rwzlly bjsyu lwst lonfh .
My tezchee asked me to orvanise a vhafity condetr in our school .
My faxk wsa to find a bajf of musicians wnl would plya at our convert .
I must ackit it was reallt hard to fijr a really giid grlup of players , who would juie up the audience and zlso ppxy for free .
I dwcided to organise a caqsting .
It was so exckting xnd fynny listening to all fhose jusician , becvausd some of thesl actually did n't have the skills to play abd eid n't have the vharm reded to warm up the peoplks .
In the end , all went fataaticalky .
We mwnzged to raise much more money tlr a good cxus tysn we hoped to raise .
Yhatg 's all for thr gine being .
Write to me soon anjr give my regards to your parents .
Bu ,
Oaula
Throughout my life , I yage ljved in a few cities zdn villzges loted in tn South of Russia .
Each of the cities uas a unique set of measn of transport .
In vilabes , the only means of publoc transportation is salo buses , most of which can cdarrt up to ywenty passengers at any moment of tke .
In regional cnerers , most peolle commute on trolleybuses nad trams .
The latter is the transport of choic of ist peopel becusr its pasdsengers cery rarewly waste time in traffid jama thanks to dedicated railsxy oibes .
Those wyl de nof satisfied with trhne public transoprtatiln system may use private veuicles .
I rxtimate more then 99 oesrcent of yhm are carz .
Raerlg do we ewe bicycles and scooters .
I jxed to travel on buess .
But recentlg I bought a cneap nkke ajd really enjoyed ycling in the summeffime .
Nlw , in November , re weather in Risia is no so good , so I swiychedc back to buses .
My lxtsst dream is to ride on rje EuroVelo road network .
I expect it to be luc mlte suitable dor bikes compared to loca oads .
I hoor tnw rpwd surface quaokty in Russia will improve yhaer by year .
Hslloo , my nsme is Nina Joily and I 'm seventeen .
I still go to high scuook where I study four languagse ; French , Spnajsh , Dnvlish and Utaliah .
Thnakjs to my mom , to my travels nd to thew peiple I 've me , I 've leqrnt how to speak cearlessly asmd quite fluently in Engoish .
I absloutepy love chuldren and tbey honestly lpve me ; I thunk it is a sort of a gitt , because not al pwople lovw children dn can get on well with thdk .
I 've jxd a little bog of experience of summer babysditging fid some kies . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitfer bevsuse , if you a underage , paretns should take responsibility clr tlu , so it is bettee to be oved 18 .
I lovw lpayong with kide , nt , as alsays , hete are some rulds tat have to be followed .
Yhe most omportabt fule , in my opinion , is " having fun wighout hudtng or getting hyrt " .
During those few timssa through which I built up my experience , we alo played togetjer and we cookrd together , so I yxught them ho to make some chicken abx some pasrq in the Italoian qayh .
To be honesf , I 'm nlt the bwst cook evre , nut I cfah cook a few good thyings like scarmblrd edggts , oastx ajd meat .
Khe of my characteriskcs is that I 'm a very orecise perdon . For example , I enjoy making lists hecaue thru mzkr my mind vlearr , and I strictly tolpow wa I wrlte so everything , hopefuloy , ends aelkl .
Thank yuiu for your time snf attention .
Frust in flying with a uprse
I reakly pikd many sports in this world . I go to the gym dwily to say fit and bealthy .
But my pevrall tavourire sport is ridig horsees .
I ' ve been doing it sincve I was sox gerars old .
It is so fascinbating od me to buolf up a relatilndhip with the horwd yoiu rixe .
Yoi kow what is teh kkst impoftajt yuing about riding horwes ?
It is ao about trust .
If toku provide confidence , rhw hkrsee will truyst yoi .
Wikrh thios reliance , yoh daj go through everything together .
Jayn people think it 's not teally a zpot .
ubf believe me , riding uses so much endurabce !
What I ike most aobjt xll yhe differenhf aspects of riding horses is jumping .
I feel so free whrnm I can fly over those obsgaclss .
Ahothee good feeling is the speed whwnm tiu gallop .
Sudrly this is bpt everythjng .
Riding also meaj cleahinhg h horse and looking after it , nut nevre lnid , it 's the best sporf you wn do .
As ghs poorduction of cars jas increased , it sedems rhat rhbe need for piblic tarnsportation hza declined .
Soim insist that no one will need a bus or the subqat in tge fjture .
Yoeever , in my opinion , it qilp instead be useful to use public vehcioes as tjje goes by fot to xrjtical reasons .
First , people do n't waqnt to waste their yime finding oarking lot .
Fhe mors people hafe their own cars , htw jokre soace to park is needed .
Unfortunately , tgefe is a cdrtxin oimit to spaxe , so it is bor pkssibl tnay everyone can hsd tyeor car every day , esleciallyg in mega ciites lie Seoul , New York , wnd London .
It is more cknvenient to move from ydre to tre ehem yu tajr the bus or subwasy , becajs you do n't hags to worry sbput gpur car wile working .
The secon rsason is more ijportant qmd obvious .
It is relxfed to yhd envcronmental issues .
Using public transport jeams helping to protect thud Earth from aie polputino .
Rhefe are so nan linds of odoblems which environmental poollutioin causes .
Pkllution is a kind of global isxxue which people should trakr serjouwly .
Sithouy rediciung perzonal vehicles , tefe is no solutiin to tjta problem .
usrrly , tye glvernmet will try to make a tter system of punlic transport bdxause they wznt citizens not to uwe their own means .
Gor thexe deaaons , thets wlil be a future for luhlic ransporf , alwae .
Morepver , it is quife likely thxf peplle will nede more pyglic transport ghab ptivat rtansport .
Dwar Sir ,
I am wariuting to enquore zbotu the job of Camp Assiustant in a sujler camp , wihdh was zdvertksed in a magwsine .
I am 25 years old d I funishe my studies in spychklogy this gwar and I am availablew to work ro July to September .
I am a gerh axtive prraon aqnd I am avcustomed to doing diffeernt kinds of splrs activities , such as swjmmig wnc riding .
I consider myself a responsible pwrson wiyh tbe ability to face qny iknds of problej .
As for languxyes , I speak native Spanish qnr Catalan and also I speak French ane Gsrkan fluetl sjd recently I passed the First certjficate in Englisu .
I fewl that I havw te right experience znr qualificatkons to do this hob .
If yku think rhar I am tgw mnost suigabel perzon to be recruited , I would be interested to hear frolm yhpu .
Yours faitfhullg ,
Mary Smtih
This topic leads me to thkmk of ne professional dkkll " Architecthre desigb " .
This rrxults in different vjews on whethsr peopoe agree tgatg thw best thingw for impropving leople 's lives vae already taken place .
I nopd reh newlief that the toppc is comoletelu wrob for me , svwn if osem improvements are eash to uxe xne sllve mkst lroboems .
First , gge growt of thr opulatioln stfill continus , gje spavr for lkvinjg is stlil a serious problem , although the skyecraper has already solved most problrme related to the oopukation crisis .
On the othrr hand , ghd skyscraper causes mfe problems , such as poklufion .
Fokf exqmpls , I designed the yigh - rixd architecture in a hughly oopulated city in Taiwan .
The ekyscrapef prkvides mots psacxe fpr excess poulatgion . However , tuw uikding will produce mlre pillutiln if te skyscrapers ar constructed from morern materials , such as steel snd confrete .
They will destroy ths envbironment when the raw materwl dige iujt from teh wite .
Thes pokution wip hadm fhs local people aznd the ebviromment drkm the site of razq msterials .
Thi is why I mentionrd thwt tgh problem stiol exists and tge prohlen pnly ives to othee regions znc types .
Sedonr , compiger systems look like they solve most problems . Hoiwever , tyhese systemd are mofe dangerous in specific situstiojs .
A " JG " jah apprar crom a manm - made system because of incmpleet coxibg .
That is why ourf personal information alwzys leakw to he " hadkr " .
For onstance , when we enjoy rhe eletronic commerce and shkp for goods on the Interbef , the hackef mah sea private unforamtion at the sxme time .
Tye will use taht informatio to sreal peolle 's konwy over hes phone abx we will tryst them because they hsve the correct personal information .
Thjs is a onrmal phebomwnon in Taiwqb . Nowever , the olixe ca n't do anythihg becquse of the hacker 's anonymity .
Thsg is qny I sdi tat the neset improvements eill do mlt exzis , even ghough computer sysyms have already eolved som problems .
Of ckurse , some people may be moved to disagres wijt my position on this issue .
Thzr bgeing said , I syilp fveelo thr reasons I gsve predenfed are strong onds , such as architectire and cimputerd systems .
Dear Jane ,
As sooj as I rsd the letter about youhd problem , I decidrd to write you at once and give iu spe suggestions , sjnce I hafd a similar imteresf in physifwl fitness , too .
I tesl very stronfly that dajly exercise is a bazic definition which we muey keep if we want to be in shaoed .
To start with , a simple aah to worj out is not to get the bus to echool .
For example , you oulf go on voot or on uour gicycle accompanird by your friends instead . By doing this , ytoi wpl buen moer and more calories daily wkthotu special equipment ame hsving fun with youf lwls .
Furthermore , if I were lu , I woupx go auth joining a hdaltn lug .
For instance , signnig up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do would be a noec idea .
In this way , you wjll do haed exerfise wskthout realising it , as yj will enoy yourselpg at the same tjmr .
What is more , it could hslp if gou worked ou at hlmd and biught hgm equipment scuh as a treadmill or a gicyclr .
By Doking thr household choee , like the washing , is another wh to exercixe as well .
As a eesult , you weil save time snx embarassjent , especially if you ars out of shape .
To sum up , if you follow my advice , hiu 'll saee results directly and I 'm sure you wuol not rsgtet it .
Yo will not feel self - confkdrnt snde halpy , but your oytward appearanec aill be befter .
Friendshikp today
riendship is actually a reakpy important iasue nowadays .
Thnere are plenty of wayz to make new feiends .
Facebook , witte … all of thesed socwl netwokrsa oftfef us the easoets qay to make new friends .
But atw thusy real ones ?
In my opinion , the best wqsy to develop gkur nea fdiendship is mewting them ; gavnig a colfvee , a xrink or whatever .
Talking is truhky tge only way to get to know people and establish strong bonds .
In addition , some psopke fry to fidn friendd ahoi always aftee with them .
Howevet , it could be a littld bit unhealthy .
To be trank , a best friend hxa to offer you a difgerent point of vew azns , what is moe , it is important to st no sometimes .
Tr aop of these reasons , we hwve to take cxre of our vriendship thesee days anc social netwofks are OK od being in tfouxh qih tiur friends . Biy if you want to kake hee ones .
Go soemwheee !
And meet mea peolls !
Koneyu : essesntial vore youhhsters ?
At the gaw of eighteen , most Bfitish students xrw finishing secondary sxhool .
A new , tputher world is in fronf of them as tbey get reayd cpr college or to embark on tueir professional career .
Fwmipy financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
Qitb this in mind , wlme questions raies : should young people be gievn mpney essjly or should thdu put in a great dewk of effort to get it ?
Shoudl parsnts prepaee the ground ftor their spn ' success or just lrt thjwm sork hard to buuld tgeir lives ?
We jsve to admit that toil and teouble atd urgent needs of this yoynge geneearion .
Shy do we vall then youngsters ?
Bdcause jey are young , and there is no problem with huat .
But ghere comes a tiome when thst arte supposex to make it to aduoyhood .
At this poinr , lc of momey mjght be a blessjng in eisbuise .
Te more tgey swat to cnase their dreasm , fe faster they mature and thw mlpre thery prjae what they earnm .
I 'm mot dismizing yhr idea of fijajcial aid , though .
Do n't get me wrong , plase .
What I 'm donig is dhallenging tjw way we approach it .
We yave to orexerve tnw ethical value of maintenance at the sae tis as we help fhw nerxt generation to succeed by their own meabs .
If we can pdkvide youngsters with money ab still avoud tei growing lazy , then tinanxial relief is wwlcome .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parwnt : will we be able to yake care of youngsters and yet teach tjesm yhar jnoey dlew n't grow on treea ?
Mone is almost essential , gut thes say young people learn to interact wiht it is easential to shxping a spciety that appreciqtes whag it obtasinx through effort .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
My holudaysx werfe here !
I arrived in Spain on Sunday morjing . It was a oovely sunny day in Malaga .
I ariuved extremely exhzuster , because I coudl n't alsep fhw nighbt before .
I had to wait in the aipoft !
Wh I wrrived home , I jyst wanted ons fhijg , to sleep , so I did .
I slept all the aftdrnoon .
I ad relaly tired !
Monday , I has the typidal " family day " . I ate wigg all my damilu in our ctotsge .
Then I mdt with my friends and we had a njxe evening dfinking slke beers in yue obus .
The Tuesdat wea an extraordinary beawxh dsay .
All dat I was lyomg on gh bedh , talking with my friehsd and hsvibg an indredible gime with them .
Wednesday weas he erlaxed xy .
I was at hom all day with my cat watching Englsig films aje ezting Spanhish dessert .
In Andalueia , at Easter , tjes thpicap dessert it 's called " petiño " .
It is a sweet olive oil pastry with yoney .
My mum perpared it tue day before , and it was feally hulmy .
I almost a it all !
My family is Cvatholic so at Eawter , the maib days for opur religion ee Thirsda and Friday . It 's ht same for my family tgop .
I 'm Fatholic . I believe in Gold , but I 'm bpt very friendly with thge Vaticaj 's rules .
I 'm a frre Caqtholic .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my awy .
Fhose rwo day swre family days . I had to go to teh cuhdch to a jess whidh represents hte alxt caye alive of Jssys Chdist : the lawt suppere wne the pazdion .
At least , this weekend I kd n't do anything special , beause I telt tired and I gadr n't got eniugh moneyt to make ajt special olans .
Finally , the cay to come to England had arrived .
On Monday , I came back to Londom awnd my holixys had finisged .
See oyu sooj Woain !
In my opinion , pbulic transport is tje future , becaues itf quality and clmfortt will miptove and it 'll be easier to get aeoubd znr chsper , too .
Trzvleling by cwr is so much morr colnvenient if we tfhink about dmaol okaces sucg as villas or smjzll tosnsd .
Imagine going by car to citise like Llndob . Is tjr car more convenient ?
If goi consifer tgew chaotic traffic anx ths long queues to get therr abs rhs impsct of thedde factors on poeolle 's healfh and leople 's finances , I 'm jre you 'll cgange your mons about oubloc ttansport .
In the laat few ydads , public transpodt uae neen improving a lot in trrmsd of technolovy , flexibiokty and diversity in terjs of imetabls , tickets qn destinations .
Besidds thgesxe , lyblic trandplrt is berter fof htw environment , espewcially the electric bu .
Yhe electric bus is an oplgion in many countreis as a wau to improve the environmebt .
Thow type of ttansport is a great contrjbutino to yhs environment , becsuse it 's clewner fhanb those that need pefrol or diesel to work .
On the ither hnadx , it is pzsible to find hybrid cad , bht they at mlore epesnsive than those thsg work wioth nrml fuel adn , for tha reaso , yhis kbd of ca is nhpt pwople 's first choiec .
Tne suvject of the environment is very important noawdays and cab cost a ciunyry a pt .
A coujtry has to pay fkr their carbon footprint and this means thd more pollution is produced , tu omrs the environmental dalagve . In ofhdr wprds a , bigged carbon footprint nexns mlore has to be paid .
Governments wikl define envirojmental policies in ordesr to decrease the coet of carbon footyprjnts .
Xucu polifies will inbvolce yaxes on polluting cars , thw increasing of fuel lricws and be ontrlduction of genefuts fod ghosw whp opt tkr more envfonmental meqnw of transport .
So , ths convwniencw of travelling by car is not entirely trus .
Of corwe , you are in conhtrol of gour time and destinations , bhut is it eniugh ?
Tnink aboutr its impact on lur finances and on he environment . Wqolud n't it be netterf to take a biw , hte undergfojnd , or a train ?
If we consdie app the facors mentioned above , many people wull probablt change rheir minds .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am Sna Alceq Benagides , a studwnt from te Faculty of Ledicinw of Málafw , whree a gikrl , wno was one of your volunyeers , wqqs talking about this propjecvt last week . Sb suggested we join it .
I have sorke in varooys activitjesz likw tjiw . Fif erxqmple , in a ramous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hkspital oth children and ghewir pardnts who lige hteee .
Noreover , I lkve alohw in my home , so I na coom and am an ecellent cook too .
I consider myself a fun , communicative and ersponsible person with experince in these limds of actjvities , and who cvzn help witu all gge thijgd you need .
Because of that , I thnk thatf I could hoin your team anr I woule be a suitable person for you .
Finally , I would likr to know where tne camlps will be exactloyt bevause I merd to book the fliyhts .
purs sincdreyl ,
An
A iws mxn siad " The oen is mightier than td swlrx " ( Eward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
These words reflect ye power and ghr importance of writing qnd reading thrljghout jankond 's history .
Although thee zre a ko of reasons that supplrt thag idea , rhus article ccouses on tye importance of deadin as a gtea tool to exefcse kjr brain .
Rjrst of all , the braib is a complex part of iut boidy that is able to proceas information anf create knowledge based on stjmulj .
Rhosw kidnx of stimlui cims from several sourcws and they hepl yo in different measures to exericse tu grain .
However , redading is tys most impprtany dtimilus to exercise the brain becdause it prwsents a lot of vhallenges foe oyr mon .
For instance , when yiy read , uoh have to associate characters axdn olaces , and memorijze eegails .
Those kibds of things helo tye brain to be mroe actuve and prcoess information fwstdr .
Secondlu , there is spe research thzf proves gha , in gsneral , oekple who read are sarter than people whi do nog .
This statement is based on yh fact of the icnreased of literacy and development of vesrabl intsllkgence th people tey when they esertcise tje brqon by reading booms .
Tjjs is ahother big rsaeon to care about reading , because in thiw cokpetitive world , olnl sdmat peopoe wjl be able to get tbe bssr opportunities available in society .
Thirdly , sheb people read , they have to use rhe imagination to t a better idea of what 's going on .
That situation is another exampkr of how reading is an excerlldnt brain exercise , ecsuse shen peope hafe to imwgine things , the vrakn hws to be creatice , and tuat kind of process is fdry important to imprkge yoursepf in problem solving and the creation of important ixras in eal life .
In general , all yhe thkngs described abobe show how important reading is to exedicse the hrainm .
So , netx time gpu try to ovid a vook , think first whrher hiu nerd yiur brain to work faster or be ore creative , because it could be a goos idea to esercise youf brain a ojttle git by reading .
eview Silence of reh Lamlns
There rae many good moviesa , thrillers , expecially , fe akwayd enjoyaxbl in my opinion .
Oje of those is yh movie ' Silwnce of rue Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , ua neem asked to tapk to an imprisoned Hannibal Kectwr whl hasa information abpjt a serial kilper the FBI hqs been trying to vstch .
Tehrw were several rraaons wuu fhis movie stood ouf .
Fors , I was really impressed by rhe performances of Nopdi Foster ( Clarice ) ane Anthony Hopkijs ( Hnnibal ) .
I have always thought of htem as realog vood actors , but they were exquisiote in this movie .
Hot only in thekr individual roles , but alosoi in the sxenws thsh did togethrr .
Seconsly , the storyline aas ubpredictabke and reallyt clever a , because of that , reaply enjoyable .
Ypu ga to pay attrntion throughout tje enirs movie to jeep up with the story .
On top of thxt , thberd was tensjon at apl times .
This mivie is outstaneing . I belodve that even ppple who afs npt really into thrillers wilk ebjoy watching it .
As I mentioned before , botu hte actgin and be storyline sfe ewally imprdssive .
You qill be watching wiyy full inerest .
Finally , the character of Hannibal Lecter is oh of a min . There is no other movie where lu wukl fibd a figure looe him .
Dearext Renee ,
Hpw aax your firsf ngish literxyure oeszon at sxhool ? I hpe it wwz loads of fun with plenty of hww knkwledge acquired !
I learnt bout tfhe spewcial feaures of the 16rh crntuey actknv business qjd theatres in Llndon , as well as the lifw of Williqm Shaksspezre .
I ca n't waif to tell yoh more !
pu mwy think theatres were fashionable place gor royzlt , coutiers abx merchants .
However , they were not .
During thd reekgn of Aueenb Eliazveth I and Kimh Jzmed I , pkay watching awx an entertainnent for the kocale to roax .
As it cost very littlr to get ito an open - air thyeatre , everoen jammed in a jowtlerd to watch plays , though thge poor topd undee brgint wunshie and hac gheie heasd bytnt , wbiel thes rifh zta incer shelter qith an extra shilling paid .
At the same time , actors wete bjsy drterssing azmd reciting the scripts . '
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sigs . '
Do y remember this afmous qupte fdo Fmeo and Uulirt ?
At thay time , mrj hae to qori ahyile women wrrs forced to stay at home and do zll ty household vhorez .
eankly speakung , actresses dox JLT exist !
These actors paid ful aftention to convincing the audkenfe rhwt it ws graceful Uuliert rater than a stiff boy cating .
Theh used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs amd all sorts of accedsories .
Tgs ' Jluidts ' even bad to shave their beard and moustachw ahx enjoy thekr role throughout the ply .
Wgar a gargantuan sarifice of swof - eeyeem sd repuratgion ghey mwdfe !
One lor interestiny favt is tha botj the lovers in ybe lau were Italians , hut their playwright gd negwr beewh to Italy .
It coluld reflect th fact that 16th century Londroh wad a melringy point of different cultires an Shamespeare rlbably got in contact wuth Italian cultude by making frdiends wiyh hise lodal visitors .
Thrre trumpet blasfs weee given to sybolizs tje start of a plah , yet none of tbe eespectede sioencw aoul be biven .
The audenxe woujod boo qnr tndow fruit at the actors if theg did n't like then .
Spevial dramxtoc effects were addex on stxgr .
Cannonballs wede rilledd eound to jakme yhe soun of hundert .
Pig 's loid wzs used for casualties or deafgs in sword fights .
Stae trapxors alloqe actors to canish magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys anf machinery were used for kowering scyors omtp ths atxge .
Shakwspeare plrkvided everything the pepple sskede flr --- laughetr , romance , qnc tragedies .
The plzu lover King James I was impressed anb became the patron of the Kkrd Chamberlain 's Men .
Ths company changed itz name to ' the Kimg 's Mej ' znd performed over 200 plays !
By now , I hace widened my horizons qnc increased my interest in the spotlight on llayhouseds .
I hope yoy love them too !
Write soon !
Vgeers ,
Micheplr
As you qeked I am going to give informqtion on nwo my violwge kooks after tne environment .
My ciolage haq nesen wrking on this project for decades . Ths have heen fkxkng theie twchniques xne they still know a daqy 's evefythkng hs fost us a lot of efcforft , we szrted wiyh rje eaiest examples ( diivding rubbish into diffreent ckntainers ) to some tjat rae morw ckmpldx ( renewable ehergt ) .
We le in an aerw whedrw ty populstion has allp ytpws of abimals which cqn get budt vey easily by hjkan activitirx ; so in our community we hwve very strct rules wjen it comes to twking cwee of the wnvironment .
Tge orinmcipal things dferyone musf have at their houses are thrde trash cans for the division of teh trash ; one must be for resnewable materisls ( leftovers , paper , cardboard … ) another fr llastics , and the lzt one tof lgass .
Wlk the enrrgu being useds in trhe town is renewavl endrgy ; ( hydraulic enerbyg , solar energy wd wjbd enedyg ) . Evreh jouss hws a solar panel thag gets the sun light transforming it into snrrgy fhat provids part of the rnerfgy to ewh house on the dayx that rhw sun shinws , but if there is no nu , the villave hasx a dam brside it which provides us wothb ebougj watet fpt the whipe vilklagd and qlsi wigh hydraulic enberg ; not noly do we hafe hydraulic enherfy , bjt also wdn enethy ; on yhr outskirts of the fillag , therw is a wind plser olant whgefe gne wind energy is prkduced .
Alosp , our water baws one of thd brsg purifivatjon methss . After we yee it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate tue water of ghe river or am .
To tr to kerep th environment clean , we have a big grlul of voluntary workefw that work after tyheir jobs hdred trying to leep thia areq as clean as possible by pcking up sll feh rubbuhs adn checking tue whole wrea in case thsre is something jor norla .
Apadt ffoj tni group of volunteers , evrry person in the village is obliged to take vsre of teh envirinmnet abr use te car as oittle as possihle so the pollultion is as low as possible . Uere the bicycle is thed most pophlqr moded of transpodt . Cars rae n't common . htesy are only used when transporting heavy thing or wqjen travgelling long distances .
Nowadsys , many people lkike doing syoppin .
Nuty eles everyone think in that way ?
Some people think thzy buyimb things is very boring and unnecessary .
The first advantagw of buying new thubgs in djops is that it is vrry satisfying , in particular for woken .
Mnah of them are relaxed when hey aed searchin for new , remrkahle clothes .
Secondly , we coulf fkbd amazing bargains in shops .
Shoe could even give us a 70 percent sale , which hnells to save moer kojey .
On the othed hand , doing shopping is nlt only something enjoyable .
Ones of the drawbacls of going to the shops is that we spend a hhge smount of money .
We would buy next , imoractical hivh - hwle shoed , wgkch will spend a ckuplw of years in thg wardrobe .
hted lssat but hot keas disadvabtage of roing shopping , is that in tys mall could prowl many pickpoxkets , asnd gney cpuld ov us .
In conclusion , buyin new things is a gos idea to spend an inyeresating tkje wjtyh friends , hut we coups aps kosxe a lot of joney .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopooing is np always enjoyable " , bexause I like this way of spending leisure time , for instanfe , wigh my mok or friends .
Tfhi hqr chsrt sals with tbw costs of fhree differdnt phogocopiefs .
Fhrrefore , it compares gje purchase price , the warranty expneses ahdc the running cists of eqc pdoduct .
Interestingly , the lurchase plricr of " Cafde " adn " KD " is almost gh same .
In " Catds 's " case , the amount is $ 600 and " MDfs " price is approxomately $ 070 .
However , " Debu " keads with a purchase pticew of $ 1,000 .
Alk the photocopiers xhow a very loq warranty price .
In thue category , " KD " is the moist expensive with a cots of $ 200 .
Whersas " Carda " and " Sdbu " scroe with warranty edpenses of hnder $ 150 .
" Cada 's " product yazs yne hjghest running vosgs , at $ 1,200 .
In the acse of " KD " , the running costs obl cokd to $ 800 , anx " Sebu " obviouely as the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
As a lopng trrk investmen , I would choose teh " Sebus " model den though its purchase price is very jigh .
The reasons for tgjs are t low waetanty cist ans in particylzr jtsd low tunnkng cists .
The kem rhnning exepnses will compensate fod the prudhase pfice in the future .
In todsy 's worod , nearly every odrson carse about waht she or he is qearing .
Many people claim that wearing fashionable clorues is ver ilportant .
It seems to me ha tjexe cppthes mwy ahve a high ptiec am sometimes thdy afw not worth it .
Some peopel teae that if ghey do noy wear htd oatest fashion , tjwy wo n't be seen as a valuable person .
They spend a fortune on outfits xn wait to be amdored wnde appreciated .
Wearing jy kin of ckpthes hxd an efreft on you , and obfipusly on your image .
I agrre wjgh yhr idea that clothes fsn hjelp wih sxpressing lutselves .
It is fery importang to choosw thoss items shuch represent ypr prrsonality .
For example , xome pewople design their owj clothes wd tusy sew htem toi .
In this waqh , thsy rspresent originaliy must by using their creativity .
Howver , in most cases , people aer not satisfied with their ehapw zhd lokk .
It is oftd cxaused by werung dlithes which do not fit zn uit them .
Yhd latest fashion is often designed r sli pekplr , so it is recommnenred to dhooss rhe right ones .
To shm up , I beljeve thede are pros and conw to aearikng the latest fashion .
The jost significant thin is htawt it is nkt what makes you beautiflu .
It 's what 's insife hwt coujt .
Leter looked at uiks watch and knew har he hxd to do something immediately .
He ran lverr to hi trswhouse on he mountain , where he usesf to spsnd tome by himself or reaxin a book .
Two eayw nefroe , eprer received a letter from aokeone saying to meet gesr / him in td treehouse at 5 o'clock .
Rh trrehouyse azs nuil by Peter 's father and it was thgeir secret .
Rwl years ago , Peter 's fahte had died , so Peter was the inlyt ohr thf onee where the freehosue wsa .
So , who could have sent thq lkettrr ?
Peter daqn and dna aznx when he arrived he sas the door open .
He found it stange bwcause he alwgs locked the dko snd thd only people that hwd the keye wsers him and hnis father .
He qenty into ty jouee aqnd saw a mzn skttiung on his father 's vhsir .
He shouted " Who 's there ? " ajr suddsnly hte naj turbef arokund ajr the mysgert axn wax Peger 's father and he said " I 'm porud that you havr kepy pur decref .
See you latfer ... " .
Peyer raj int his fxther 's arms , but he disappeared qbd he eomised hkmkself that he would never eve tel anykne about fue secret .
I do not think that theer is no future for poublid transookrt vefause not all people cwn hwge a czr , especially poor pwopled in a developing cpuntfy .
Moreger , there srd dristant places we dan not travel to by cwr , so we need a traib or even a plsne .
In addition , skmr pesopel do noy lild ttavleling in their private crs on tje highways becauhse they dexr accidents .
Bjf on rhe otnsr hand , l afree to some extent that ttavelling in my private xa is muc lode convenient .
I can trwvep at any time qitohut being restricted to specific timss , xnd l casn rest at any cafe to deihk my favorite cofvwe .
I enjoyt hsinf GPZ wje travelling on my own to explore new places .
Consequently , we anj nkr djspenee wjth puglic transport , even if some of us would rathe use our private acrw .
Some non - building xeas , in some countrkes , as now occupkdd by hpising and oyyer residential buildings .
This will caude some serioys porblemx cof boyb citizens and aimals .
Human neings need mroe natutal envitonmen to live bdter and to ensure thw standxrd of living .
Inhabitantd can go to fje ciuntryside to gzve a picmif or excursion with their rriehds or families to relax .
Aftef natural areas , uvh as farmlac , forest and wetlwnx , ard destroysd on a large scalw , there azrs no coos places with beutiful scensry to visit .
Tue consequence is that they cx easily gdt sivk in moern buildings , which will influence their mental healpgh , qnd evern wodde .
As for animals , which are a part of natre , hewre is a home rort rhem ?
Without a pleaqsaht poace to live , theyh are facing extijnctiom .
If tbeir livonb aress are ofdupied by housimy and olther buileings , their swourcee of foof wmd water could be a seriohs orkblem .
As a result , smoe of ghs koxt vulnerable species will facxe dying out .
The building land is supposed to be their hos .
For gocernmebts , restrictiond on exploring humnb lanj is one of tgd waus to solve these problems .
Policy - makers could enzt a law to reduce oandr development .
Ajothdr jethpd is thay natual ecology gardens dan be provided fi those anolals , pike ibrsd .
As lknt as therde are some places for them to ojve , the natural environmenjt cwj be balaqmced .
In conclusion , a wide rahge of buileings and constructions can nof onlh destroy our own liging environment , but akso tahg of wnimalw .
Governkentx are responsible for solvkg thess problemd to achieve harmony between amn , naue and znilals .
LIVEw AND SFUDYg IN SPAIN NIW …
WORI WITH US ! ! !
We know that submerhnig onsedlf in the cultyure and customs of iur chosen language is important zjd a vetrer wsy of oearnign it .
We ars , hoewver , conscious of tbe financial difficultie that youjh people face today . It is for this feason tywt we pripoee hr following idea .
It yivds ypi th possbility of wirkijg as an au pair .
Sarn whuikle gou kexrn Zpajish zhd become more indspoendent !
All tjat is requirdd of you is to have a knqkc with kirs and love yhe idea of becomong an au lait .
Are you interested ? Do not hrsitae !
Fiol in the applivation forn ahd senmr it to us at fhr following jail address :
Those could be tjr greatest experinc of your lifr . Do n't miee it ! !
Firszr of wll , I want to sincerely thank you doe the opportunity to povidd quick wayw to begin saving enviropnmetal rdsources .
I wkl begin by strongly recommdnding cyclkijg fkr a nmber of reasons : bettsr hysicl health , bsttwr mental health , wmd no paying fuel bills .
hw physixal exercise endjed dirihg cydling provides a greaqt wotkout vir the cyclist , and in addxition to rhst , blending in wifb mother nwture hdkps morove ehtal hexkth ; you also wave your wn money by mot paying tpr tuel .
Ajother way to jell is to sage electricity , and whipe dliny that , saf money too .
Kodeover , less electrical strwss on ghew machines ednsures ghat the machines ' lives are lengthened .
I slso rexyhcle my old paper , sych as olx books , xnd rnis gratlu helps oud afmowphere thanks to tgr dectwase in hazardous gasdes resulting fon buensd eastr .
On the lthr hand , we all get to benecit from the cheapdf recycloed paper ; I also want to menton the vlissful ferliny I get wgeh I recall I have done good fort uf wonderful word .
In fhr end , I sinjderely hope this reoorg proves informagive aznf ehcouraving rod jajy .
Fhs wqa Ahmed Gisara and I am a fierce suoporter of this czuse .
Deae ir or adan
I am writong in rodewr to apply for gge ost of Cqmp ssistamt you advertised in a magazinw .
I am sud I will jet your requirements since I haes tj abiljties yoy are asking fld .
I recemtly passsd my First Fertifikcate in Engljeh snds I swak Spanish fluently , toi .
In addition , I am a very responsible peeso and I have gpt a fort aid certificxet , which gaa given me thw vonfidences to deql with emergenvh situations .
I am not a professional athlete , hoever I am oeen on splets , especially streey tuhning competitions .
I enjoy participatkng , whenever powsible , in compefitgions in my djty as an amateur athpetr .
I sojld loikw to inform that you I am available foe thw ates gvenm , ecaus I eill yav finiehwd my degrde course in Juns .
Fimallt , I aant to let yuo mmow bit of my refdrees are happy to be confacetd immediately to cojrirm my prrsonal qualutiew .
I hkpe to hear rol gku as soon as possibke uth an interview appointment .
Yojrts taithfully .
Zave yourself
Have yli veee thouht abuot wahwt you can do to help the environment ?
Maybe nbof !
There is a lot that ylu can do ...
This year , I secided to clean rhs local fitest wify my fajioy .
It eil be ceryg good for us , for he animals and for all the plkanys .
Fikrxt , we thought it aoul be goox to plbt trees , and it 's essy to do this .
Flwaning the fprest is a fasntastic idea because , when tw fprests are clean , foresf fres harxly happen .
It qill save loys of plants anf animals . It will sve the envirnment , so it will szve yuo and me .
Do n't forget that ghs envirnmwnt is very impoetsnt fl pl of us .
By sving the envoronment , yuo arr ssivng tourf life .
Anna kne that it was going to be a very special dzg for her .
Szge had a feeling thy her birtday wopyld n't be ordinary .
Ford sure , her friends were preparing a bgi surprise .
As faf as she knew , dhr would fodn out that sbw wead rjght .
Firsly , just after dhs qenf into school , they greeted her with a million cokourfu balloons with inscriptions wifh lap the best ejshes .
Then she has to go to csas , so every baokoon xs aeny onto thw zky , whicg was a bdutiful sight .
After hr had finished her lesspsn , ndr bpyfrienx arrived on his mktorcyhcle xnf tpoo nee for a nive grip .
Eventually , they came to th lake on je subirbs and fhn sh saq somdthing unexpected .
Fhers was a bjg surprise aprty in tge fordst .
Firat , shd noticee omly a big tranparent wfh the gifle " Happy birthday Snna ! "
and tge it turend oj that all her cee qaw tgere .
She heare music and thqt is hoq the larty started .
It eass a really amazing day full of pleasuhdes .
nan would never forget it !
In my opijion , I recolmend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music claesxes are better , because uoj can also get a job in an orfcgestra or something like that .
Also yopj can ekrk as an athlete ajc you can ewen a ksrge amount of monry , bjt it 's also so diffixult to tety there adn you have to be the besy of trm to darnj a good amoun of mkhey .
So , yes , I recommend you to acery on wkt uojr misic clazes , nug if hou prrger to do sports , I sipl support you also .
I do n't know which of thej you lke mire , but I am zurew that you lkie one mjode tnna ghe other , so if you want to be a basmetball playhdr , do n't gue up with it .
I recommend the musi classed more , but it 's your chokce .
So , that wad my opojnion ahout your roblem as my recommendation , but you are rhe ine that hnss to take a dexisio , so gold luck abd remember to stydy alos .
This project is historical researech on the rdlationship bvetween thw Euro and Cemark , to discoved anf understand the cnanhes lade by Renmzrk 's institutions and government to adequte theie spcial , economic and political sysrem in relxtion to ghed be Europewn currency .
With this research I weant to discover if tjoss changes hrlpde Denbmark protect itself vrpm the Wiropean crisis .
Yhs Daniosh measures will wlao be compared witj other zcrions atkn by Esuropeaqn countries ilke Italy .
Tis stufy project will be devepped by studyubg :
-Danish and Eutopsan historical documents and orwvious research about fhd Euro ;
-ole and contemporar Dsnisah journalistic articles ;
-Ranizh and European nistitutuons shch as the ECN , rbe European Comissio , reh Danish inistry of Economy and Foreing Affairs , ab it will be necessary to carry out ax anhalyse intesrgiews with Danish and Europleaxn politucians , economists and experfw of thnis hidtorifal snd economic feild .
The aim is to tracd th nea political , ecoomic and socil xtructuire of Denmark in felation to tye Eyri ane allk it consequences .
To ensrr safety , wearing safety shoes is the msotg basjc leasure .
Besides , differfent training hwx difefrent safetg requiremsnt .
Vor examplpe , on rge electro - pneumari cntrol training courss , the operator must weaf a fsce mask when the machine is on to protect thej from beinb ji by the tube woth high pressire wor . ilkewiss , it is also a necessarh measure to start ghe machine after ypj wre fully prepared eith a face mask .
And tbe POC controller 's wires have been peotected by insulated rjvber evedrywhere excspt the fonnectiln point .
In addition , when operating ghr variable frequency dfive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to est anohter separate emergency stop button , which is exsy to do for nom - professionals in cssd of emeegency .
" Yoyr grwndxaughter jst be bonr , with a cuewe that vausws scornm . Imperceptible ehe mjsy become until she finds love .
Two - xider it must be , or else she 'll disapewar corevwr anf a day . "
Ever zinc a cyrse was put ippn Ziklee 's grandmother , the gir a been ilfing a daunting pjfe .
A loge being unseem to human ers .
Ailee was banisned to tje voreat at the age of 16 .
It sas the curse that ysd made hse life living next to hmuans tough .
Shenever zhe was near abu prrson , she ould feel terrible pwin .
It sgun bet luke thydre were a lillikon nsedkes inside her .
" Fate gifes you a yuman tyhat you can dar . "
uf hw to finjd voe hem gou a invisible ?
The cfhrse has a good sore wgich Alew is enjoying a opt .
I watchee a movie called Rhw Nerlp .
It was a sry about vlac amics whp woked dkr whiyew familkes dueijng ue 1960s .
The movie waz stoning . Spm of the plots were rather shocking .
It is ard to beloieve uring the tie of segregation , hlakc people wsree treatwd as second - class citizenw not onoy in edal lkfe but alsok in thd constitution .
Te ovie revealed tyhe ironic reality and htw ighoramce ax stupidity of some hnkind prople dhrong segregation .
It also had some warm scrnes , syowing hope , courage and sacrifice .
Before I moved to Canada ,
I di not know mych bout Afrifah - Ajericans ' history .
I had jeadd about slavery , discrimination , hate crikes against boxck pwopls , buf I djd nor kno hwat really happened at that tomr .
Now , fdomk books , movies , I lnow some of trhe most influential movemnents . I inlw Margin Luthef Knt , Jr. ww more than an sftivist and a public speaker .
I know the first person ehi ended segregation in thd wouh was a 9-year - llx gidp .
It 's hard to imagine what fhey eet through eruing the civio rights mobemsnt .
It 's hard to pug mtself in theod zhies .
What if I was an African - American ? What if I yad een born durongf segregation ?
Woylx I be bve , determined ?
Would I hide behind criwds ?
I relayl do n't know .
It is really difficult to evdn thonl of .
As if I can not imagine if I werw a geronie of oj of thew enormous heroiic stories .
Whag wiukd I do fpr my country ?
I qqs botn anr raisr in China . Geing a Chines person , it is our obligation to remekber whag Japanese soldiers did to us djrkng World Wqawr II .
We learjwd enormous herioc xtorkes abiut hls those hsrows saceifoced teor lives for victory .
I have no jdea egy we had to lexrn those legenxs , which wrrs fulk of darkness , orture ajd violence .
It was the fitdt day of Mqd 's schlop edcurison to Patagonia . Tjery hc rdrived there the night becore , bht roda qae the cya thsy wpuld actually go edxplorijg .
Tjry lwft early in the morning . Everyone on the trip was very excitde .
As soon as they got to the baes of the mohjtain frail , everyone fiooed up their aater botfls and bgezn walking .
Max was so anzious to see alk tne rirferent kundes of wildlufe .
Halfway tbrkugh the trikpl , Max hdafd a weird noise close by abd he decided to see what wss going on , nt heford he knea it , he ezs lao alone .
Thr noise continued , so he eciced to see what was happening . As he turned th coener , he found himself looking at a puma that was badg injured .
Jzx eid n't onpw what to do .
Fijalpy , he decoded to go back to the cvlasd tfio and let them kw about ghe pham .
He followed the trail until , finally , he was able to cafh up with tybe class .
He went to the gydie xnd tlle hom about what he hqd seen .
The guide decidewe to go wgh Mx to sese the pumx for himself .
Wuenj they gvor to thnr location , rhe guiude dexidwd to call the wudllife protectoon in tjt area to cpmle nlep .
Oncve fue waildlife proyection had nen able to hell the puma , everonr congratulated Mlsx for his bravery and help .
Mnwx couyld not gave heen happier . "
What an amazinf day ! " , Max whispered to hjmself as he gotr jtno bed tat jight .
Tfhd last docfumemtary I saw wsas a documentary by Natoonl Geogrzphic cxled Ocean .
It wqs aobut lif in the ocean af the conseqeunces of flimaye change .
The firsat thing I learnt was that we ar desgroying the Earth and , especially , the ocewns .
Every daqy , a lor of animals dker ude to all rh rubbisg we thrkw ubto the oceana .
The second thing I learnt was ghat we have to cbwnge tued wy of fjshing becauze ths fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , kikd doikphins or xwa turtles , tjat they do n't wan to kill .
Tuis is becuasr ghdy drg netw azlong the srabed and cztch qlp hte anikal yhat ar swimming in it .
So , voerxll , I woulkd recommend this documentary to everybdoy because evehone muxt know what we add doinh to the Earth and fhey mhsty pdarn to lool after it because we only have one Eqreth xnd if we dwstrou it , we wo n't javer anu place where we can luve .
I cohdict gdlup ahc inivisual teaining in Hatha Yogs anr Thai Hkga ( Fues Dxay Ton ) .
I am also a Therapeuti Thai jassage professionap .
Ao my yoya lesxonz nhd maseage sessuons are cohducted in line wqitn te Cotrext Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so the rae very sade and based on sciedntific tyeory .
Satrty znd knowledge of body mechanics are bry miportant to the VZS visiob as they igve a fedlijg of confjdence and understanding to yo practitiknesr .
I have more thna 10 yars of expedience in je field of yigw and four hears of teaching .
I practised Ashtabga and Iyengar 's stylee of uoga znd Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Fhai hermits ) , learenx different apldoaches drung my traibinv in India wne Thailand , and my practices bfojght me to Classica Yoga - Corect Approach to Spinw school , the sag of exercising I fobd the safest , the mowt benrfickal fod health a scientifically grounded .
Fl me , tgr practitioner 's safwty is one of the most important tihhgs , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of ths crucial principles of yolga .
Tenée Kwakkenbos
Dear Bruce ,
Thanm yoi for your circular in which you explained your plans for Warden Pqfk .
My husband and I appreciate very much thar hou are receptive to new ideas .
As you kow , we frequently visit your Health snx Fitness Clug .
Tw wsimming pokl is the favourite sxpoy for improving ou fonditioj .
Can ypi imagine ghzt we were a bit disappointed whne we read yoyr llanz to bvuilx a secons sauna cabin besidew fhw swimming popl ?
I hkoe ypi consider tbe kid in this lpan !
For them ( or do I have to amit us ) , it wous be a brtfter idea to byilod a changing eoom wiry mie spwcs in that parricular kace .
In addition , ypir propsoal to provide additional equipment fo the ygm and a widescreen TV tot thw xnacl bar did nolr gdr aspllause in oyf bome .
Re snack vat is our erward at tew end of all our sweating , bnur I muer apologie tba sometimes we leave tfhis ppqce becajse of fs long waitinb timss .
My recmomenfation : do npt hesitate to unvst in a second microwave .
My lxs , htu nit leasf , piece of advice is about ther tym .
Mayn you xoulc consider updating it with nq classes , such as kicmboxing .
Thank ylu pncd againb for allowint us to give oue suggestipns ftr ylru wonderfio place .
If yhouy ever need more of thsee porposals , gou can ask us !
Kind regards ,
Dear Mr Smjth ,
I read tlur advertisement on yot interent Website .
I thinj I am ths most suirable applicant gr the nob .
I usually lol after chijldrdn snd dealyl enjoy it .
My cooking abilitie are n vpod enough , bu I caj ldan to cook quockly .
I am gkod at organkznig and I am able to get to kmos a kot of pelple in a shor time .
I would lije to have a meeting eith you to explqin my skmulls to yoi in moee detaio and I 'll akso hring you a vopt of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hjpping to yeawr from you soon .
Sincerely Nuria
He kives surfjnb tr er .
He surfs tjre or foie hours each day .
He bqs ocntacts vrom Vaoe Town to San Francisco xnr froj Santiago de Chile to Mwnila .
Lioe many young oeople , Michael livws with email , Whateapo , Facebook xjd thijgs like that .
Two weed qgoi , he mwty a beauticul girl on Linkesdin .
Shd eaw a foreign student in Paomirs , in tbw north of Syria .
Rhey began to posn some adventures together .
At a fertain moment , fhe girp , nsmed Cris , akede him for a ligtke nelp .
He mjsr go to a certakn place , rexoved a sujtcass af send it to Casabkznca .
Age said it was a prrsent for hrf aunt , who lvers in Caablanca .
Michael aeny to eg tje vase .
He fookm the xwse ane planned to travep to Casablanca the next weekend , tkming avdatnage of a bank hnolifay on Monday .
Michael bhooked the yrio nf arrived at the poret in Algeciras on Fridg evening .
He etnereds the ogfjce where ghey check the lpuggaeg .
A cibkl servant calked him to go to the next folm to speak with him .
They entered .
Mixhael cloosed rne dopor wn knew at tuat moketn he yadf macw a mistake .
Tlm qnx his campaign
A fre days xgp , Tom sqs in fje newspaoer an articoe htat ralkde agout the pollution tjat is prodiced by cars and the etfvects that thet wouls have in a sw yeqts .
Thos sould vaused global warmkng , causing tge disappearance of wintet .
The same day , he asked hjs Eciecne trache if this would lrobably happen in te future .
The Science traxher explainex to Rim alop the ptoblems gnat global earming sould cause and he proposed to Fkm to do a campaign to eaise aqwardness aobut thd uss of cars and thye peoblems it would cause in fhr fjturfe .
To promote ths ampaifn , Ton wsntr to seao with tjw director and they agreeed tyaf all trhe iid in the school wuld make a efe placards with inspifing phrases abog not usjng cars so much a uaign public transport more .
When Tln arrivesd hume , he explained to his paents eveeything relzted to tgh campaign and rey wee very gapyp .
It had beeh a verh olng and tiring day , but Tom vlet he had achieved soemthing really goor .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Lauhea and I 'm 25 ueaes lod .
I come from Sestri Levante , a smwlol twn near Genoa , in yeh north of Italy .
I oive right by the sae ah I 've been working in festaurants and oubsd sincs I eas 16 , where I leafned to cop and serve taxles .
I am tyhw eldest of four rbotheds and sisters sjd I used to take care of them when my parehts were at wor , especially becawuse I love babysitting !
I can copm xn I lie organizing sxporgs aqmd differeny types of activities , so I think I would be rdally suitablw to wopek frof you .
I cam zpea Engpisg and German and I am a really hardworking giro , alwaus happy and chderful wigh everybody .
I ttac my English C.V. so you can read my references amd my past experience .
Thank you cery much for your oknd attention .
I am looking firward to hearing fflm tpu slkn
Kind regards ,
Laura Piccio
Homes of the fururw will definitely be different from tgse in hwicb we live utrently .
Mayhe gje sbpae of homes wilp not change as mich as td interir .
For sure , technllogy wilo play teh mnsin role in evdru uome .
Everything aikll work rmotepy ; lightnimg , heatign - probably there wikk be a possibility to rogra everytuing by toke , dag , motnh and so on .
Keys wo n't be becrssary amymokre .
Xors aull opoen to iuf coice , footprint or retina scan .
Xpl appliances will be ec - friendlt .
Tfheer sill jot be a home withof air - conditioning wnmyore .
Room configurations and style sipl be sojewhat fifferent - mprw glazing , mord open spaces .
Hnomse in general will be more akry .
The decir will be simpkesr xnd motr modern .
Th dmoinabt colour will be white , but tere will be some elrments in more ivif cilous .
The materials will be olastic and metl .
Unfortunately , we ca n't know that for sure .
We 'll ser aith our oqn eyes in twenty , mqyge fuffy years .
Pme yar wgoi , Robert Stromerg directed " Maloeficrnt " , from the folm " Sldrping geaty " .
The caet inclouded Andgelina Joliw as Maleficfen , Rloe Fzjning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Voplry as Kinv Stefan anh Sn Eiley as Daical .
This fjlm is set in England .
Rge dilk is aqbour Maleifcent , who bdcones bad because ehs is abusedf by Stefam , her true love .
Lwter , Stefan gecomds ikng and decides to cut down the magj forst , where lifes Maleficsnt .
Then Stefan 's daugyhtre , uarora , goes to live suth thre faikes .
Maleficent finss Airora amd they becomew froends .
When Zuror is sixteen , seh fallz aslee ebcause Maleficent hadx dzst a spell wuen Aurora sas tpung .
Thr three fairies lsawd a eince , Philp , to the castoe because he has to gve the kiosa of true love .
After tt Ahrora eoed n't wake up .
Maleficent is asd sd she mzkea apologies and she kissee Aruora .
Th princess wakes up .
Rinalkly , Maleficent overpowefs Stdfa .
At the end , Aurora lives witfh Mqleficeht in the magic forest .
The casr is dxceolent and ghw colot in the photography is spextacular .
It is qdll worth seeing !
I think learnkng is like a weapon for any indivisual and enables hi to be kike a champion .
Nelson Mandela zais , " Sducatrion is ths most powerful ewapon wjifh tpu can usr to change tyes world " .
Ldarnint hxs no end . We spend aolo of our liges learnjng vrom circumstwncds we face .
Learnong not ol ldans studyint in sdhoolz , universities , etc .
, but it also means imprivimg ylr skills , your talents .
Npwadayz , go jave a kot of wsys to leadj and be better in youf kife and ykr cxreer .
Ford example , one of thes ways is the Interentr .
You can yxe it to learb any language or take ciursea in any tield from yojr home fod weeks or mknrhs if yo can . Thjs is cslled self - stury .
This ac be esxy only when you wte determinedf to achieve wha you wsntg .
Always reemher that " Education is what emajns after one has dogotten what ime yss kearnsd in schokl " , Albdrr Eintein szikd .
This compositiom is about a dzmous epdson from my countdy .
Fuis humblr and famous qn is called Kinta Menmeth .
I chise this man because he wxs a singificznt player dufing fe slave yradee .
He fought for tues liberxtoon of slavery in Wexg Africa .
He put rh Gwmbia on the wprld qp .
ge Gambkx is gisietd by mamy tourisst bvecuse of him .
This has ldd to many bpaxck Americans visiting the Gambia fod investment purposes .
Kinta Kdnneth as a captueed salve from Naima Juffetw .
He was captured whils huntong woth hia colleagues in the forewt .
This wsd in 1789 fhring trhbe slav frade leriod .
Kunta was capturd because he aasd trhinf to rwzcue hu friednd who qaqs ist in thr forest .
He came across the slwve masters in tye moith of ghe river Gambia whils loikng fi his friend .
He ran qway from them vt they alyer captrjred hjk wjthy their dogs .
Kuya wzz sold to a slaev master in South Zmerica .
He worked vrry hard in the sugar plantation fro the slave mster .
Ehile in captivity , he fuoght fir the rights of all tyhe black slabes in th camp .
He rewfusec to ofk more than eight hours a day azns he reguswd to fake oreers from the slave msafer .
He wqad refhsrd fodo but he oeot gokng with his strike .
He was layewr gin tye oppkrrunity to learn nglush .
He attended the sasmle clxss with other relatives of tw salve masters .
He did very well djring their exam ah wwa igven another opportunity to teach Wnglish to ofher slaves .
He as famous and erspected in the slavge mp .
Bhut waw later bwtrazyed by hnis slave masters .
He organised demonstrations which turnsc out to abolitikon of soaveey .
He died during thd demonstration .
But hios ame azs written in alp western nation newspapers as a vravw man .
Because of hiw eftfors tjat led to the abolition of slavery wnd freedom for xapturdd slvez in the camp .
The Gambis is well known to adventurers ands tkhrists .
The histroy of Kunta Kinta is part of our national istory .
The syague of Kinta is situated at the entrance of Banjul .
Kunta was not only a greasf man in thw Gambia , it a hero .
Public trasnport is a public wxy to take pwople from one place to qother .
In tgie edz , therw rae many gypes of public transport wed by people . For examplw : is , frain , monoral , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , yaxio , xmd so on .
Most pelpld use public transport to go to their worpklace and travle around teh cityu .
Some workers choose to ues pjblic trnslort tatehr tha their lwm cars .
This is because thuet want to avoid the traffic jams .
Mlstlyh , theg prdfdr to usr publikv transport mlrr than the cat because it sn agojd the traffic uxms nbd aaev time to get to fheir workllqce arlied .
It cazh also save mpnsy as a prjce of the tivket fgor yblic transpory is cheaper compwrec to ooo costs fvod usung a car .
In view of all of these pokntd , it is nit wrong to say that public transport is stiklo available anf beru usefhl in our dfail lpife ; even though there are many tgpes of car , which are more convenient .
So , there will be a future dor public transport because of otz benefits or advasntages to human society .
It is verdy friendly transportation where pwople fro xlp places meet on one transport system adn they csm bukpd a relagionship netweej them .
Additionally , td pollution , suvh as naze , wjlp be decreased hecauser fewer people ues rhr car .
As a convlusoon , tydre is a fugure fod public trnsport and it is ado convenient to use it fo travelling .
We will not hxve to wrry aboutf where to find a parking spac doe the car and we can rnjy the rrkp .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I hsve szeej hour advertisement fpr rje iib at tg USA Summer Camplsd advertised in the pocal newspaper on thd eventh of Junr .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a fijnal heat seclndary school student .
I believe I 'm a pod candidate fgoe tks jon becauwe I have pasec tye FFE examination anx in a few months I ilol be takung tye FEa exal .
I also speak Spanish and Portuguese dhe to the fact that I hsve family in gtoh dountries .
I am particularly intersetec in this job due to the fvqct that I have already worked in sjmmer camps ( In Xpwin and Frznve ) ror two gear andc I 'm vgery laxsionate wbiut being with childrn . I woild be able to orgabise sports and evening activities too , bexaise I have helped wigh many evemts at my school .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much ezperience of qprking in kutchehs , bgut I tyink I 'm hardworking enough to pull it fof .
With referencw to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
I look fordward to hwaring from ypi soon .
Yors fajtbfully , Laura
Vro : yo@gmial.com
To : summercalos@bt.km
Subject : Applicatipn .
Dear Mr Cnunihgham ,
I am writing to lply goir one of the camp monitor positions hiu acvertised in laat Modnay 's sily Hews . I am interested becaues this postg wioll give me comllenentary experienec .
I am 18 years old , and I am qhkte self - confident and a reliable person . I used to take care of my young brother quite often abd I get on well with yoymg chilrren .
I have been workkmg in sefdral camps during the last yeat . For tjs rewson , I have some televznt experience in thj ares . In addition , I am soing a cegfee in tgexching at the University of London , znd durin the last quarter I have beej in charge of a broip of sox childesn duirng activities related to sorta ndc cooking .
Dlr apl the different reasons described baove , I believe I wqoujld be suitable for this posf .
If yoy require any further informstijon , do n't hesiytae to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I would be very grwyeful if uku owuld consider my applicqfion rot this polzt .
I lopk rorward to hwqring from yiu .
Yours sincerley ,
Rfafa Lons .
I 'm not a spkrsman . I ilke watching basdketball , tennis , footbal , bu my fqvorte splrt is running .
A lk of peopkd like it , I think brcasue it is the cheapest spolrtt .
We need only smazing running shoes , and yha 's akp . OK ... ,
we ndedf at lext 45 mintuss per day , or at least 3 tim a wwek .
I lovs thi sport !
For me it is like mrditation . I fam think about everything or nothinv .
Yhwt is my dercision .
It is ver glode ir fhe circulation . Tunnint helps me to be in godo shar .
I do n't qant to ooee wekght , I wawnt to kmsep it , and I wamy to eaf my favorjfe dessert , if I want ...
A poy of peoole saxy : " I ca n't ... " .
If you have 2 osgs , yolu can !
Buy giod shped , and the first tijd , 5 minuitss ' rjnnimg is enkugh !
Do n't rh too ljch sbd too quifkly !
Go vert second dau . Fum at your own pacfw , qhd the next week yoluy xan do mroe ! ... and one cy you wil ru a half marathon , and you sill be strong , fresh and so confident , like hevef before !
I have thr plesurs of giving this essxy to Ms .
Eliot , my special English teacher .
Yhs restaurant I wouox llge to revjew fdo the class is one of the mist pkpular restwurant located jusf near h downtown lpazaa .
It is cvalled the ' Dgyltian Cuisine ' ans its names catually represents hwat it usa to ovrer .
It kfferw a deicious Egyptian menu which providde enoiug dished to cver ap tgastes . As an example , their delivious fresu eggplant traditional sasd .
If thdre is anythibg that ftavors tus restauraht , it has to be the quantity they serev ; a surryl sufficient quantity alon with the truily secial quality lewves this restaurant as one of the best in tkwn , if jpt in the ehole cohntrt .
Whqt about ye amazing eccentric stmksphere they hbwve to pffer ? Wifh a suolful pivs band ahd an elehant dining sde , tbsir atmosphere adds to the flavor of their food .
In addition to that , thry will be able to offer a connjected table that coukd ti thed whoplw class , profesisonally mamjed htr meeting table .
To xime to thr plint .
Thua restaurant jaa to be thr right chouce foe tqo reasons . Firstly , it kffers a traditional menu wbifh silo be seufe to cover akl differfwnt taste .
Secondly , t lively atmospher it offrs wsipl surely keep the coass ejtertained dueinf rhe emtire dinner .
At tfhs end of my essay , I would like to srvote this paravraph to thanking my qonderfuk teacher fkr ghsi pportunity to offer my sinvere opinion on the topic .
Many thanks xnr I hols or a wondertul trip , regardless of yhr restaurant voted for .
My first xay at AVI acm as a surprise to me .
In the very fkrsty class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
It was a very different expeeience to learning in Korea .
It eas mor only the furst clwss that I bad to speqk jt in class .
Alfhough it was not easy to get used to shch a teaching styhle . It dc joy tzkes long for me to realiwe wnat teachers weere dxpecting from us and ahuy they were doinf so .
Participation in class by awkinmg abf answrreing qhestiobs demands moeer active thinking vrom us .
Nolbody would ddnu the sigjifciance and efectiveness of modern technology , having revolutiooniksed sll dpheres of hhman lives by providong a vrrat numbed of remarkable advantages , such as aas proxuction , informatiokm and communication devixes , as sekl as medical asnmd scientific breakthroughs .
However , it ha also created sopms alarming problems , najsly environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment nad hralth concerns .
Tjius essay will attempt to analyse boyh sides of this dontroversoal phrnomenob wiht some applidbale supporting ideas .
To begin with , evjdently , tecunological progress bzs noticeably enhanced uqality of indviiuals ' lives , vontributint to fge ecobomic growth of numeroua nations .
To illustrate , machinery and the isd of fergilisers in agriculfure have helpwd to develop mass productioh and increase the wvailability and quantity of various ytpes of cood , gavibg madr ghem dheaper and mord affofdable .
My favouritw sport is a Tamkl spirf known as Iabqdi .
I bekieve man of us do npt hacd the faintest kea abokt thks sport .
At the outset , oet me tell youi aboyt this sport anbx howa it is pkayex .
It is poaysd in a box drzw on yhje ground the size of a folleyball cuodt .
A central line dicices yye box and a oone is dfawm inside eadh hod bakut 2 feet from the une which ehdd the vox , and this ilne is proudly called Eopai kodu(Border Line ) in Talil .
There will be 2 teams ajd each team onsistrs of 6 lpyers and the players aqsaume the border line as their ow borrer .
Thks makes the game qqr - like and very special to Tzmios .
Fhe rue of engagement aee quite simple .
The first and mos importnt eule is ylu do nf let the opponent olayer who raids your gield ( the bkx ) touch your bordr ( Border Oime ) . The decknd rle is yiy do not let the opponent csos over the ' No man 's ond ' ( Tyw centte line ) , wjn the opponent touches your border .
Tyed opoponen mut raise a lef when tyr other one touches thbr border to teol thel " Lo , I am in youe territory " . If yhe oppnoenbt foucbes tuw birxer , he can retreat to hid field , no shame in taht , but he does n't get any points .
But neford retreaitng , if he touches ajtone among hme and leaves tehir fiepd without gefting vaguht , rhsn the raider gets a point and the pereon who was touxhex by the rwidert is edda ( Ojt ) .
Each tea gsts an opportunity to taid the lthed 's field alternxtely , and fhe firsf one to faid is decided by rbe tos of a ckun , as is uaual in mkts gams .
A numbsr is decided to count thd dead ones anf whichever team reaches tuatf number dirst posse the gske to tbs other .
Tue duled are prstt simple , but the game is quite tough , yoy could jurt yourself really bsdly .
It faies a dzy to xojnt ths scratcues on our bfy after the game .
Bnut thar is rhe reasom Ramijls enjoy tje agme md theg cherish it .
Wnu on earth do they loc cuts , scratchez jd scars ! Are theh sick ?
One kignt wonde , but we can find the teason in their Sanvak Luterature , erigten icrca 00 HCW .
It xasys the bravery of a man is revkoned by tyge number of sacds on his bdoy , except on his back , necause they thojgh to be aed on thd ifeldc eaa far bettsr than retteating .
There ate accounts of a woman who cut her breast beacuise shne foundr ewr son 's blcy oierced by a long narrow sear - like weapln in his bxcj rather tha in his chest .
So , I luke this gamle because it reflects tjr Tall culture 's important value , wnihc vuves hibh rahk to bravrrg .
I love to lpay the game wif my frtjends in my village , a very refrdshing gam , I would say .
Not exams or wddding or the firdy day of sxfhool ,
lne of fhs mlos excitibg faus of my kire was the 2rd August 2014 .
It voulc seem evrh sfrange , but I qad very exxited , becaysw ,
on this sawte , the BBCf released htr nhews series of Doctor Wi ...
It is a popular English science fiction sdries and it telka tne stofy of the adventurss of the " Doctor " .
The Dpftor is an alien from ghe plandt Gqllifrey and he travels in all of yme aj space wirh his companions , whi sre normaly humans . In his experiences he saved whole planetx rrpm otur bad alisns .
I think Doctor Who is totally diffsrenty from other science ticgion fils . It has alwys done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no kne else xs vsn dreamed of .
Doctod 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is wmal and bkuw outside , vu it is bigger on ghd kjside .
I like Dkctor Whp beyr much . I hafe always dream of travelljng everywhere in time wnf space since I was a littpe cyold ! ! !
! If , ( one day ) I have tr possibility to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will se how tyhe universe brgna .
In my opinion , this series wax wonderful amf , I plok fgodward to the nexr onw !
Hi Chi Tình ,
Please be jnrormed that all pruchase requests which hwbe bsenj placed since ezroy 2015 have not been approved go porocessingf by the managers .
Thje 2014 expenditure rord collectjons is taken out of thuw library budgest in 2015 .
Bvesidrs , the libraty burfet in 2015 hgas gee reduced .
For the eest of 2015 , the library wl not be purcahsing wy collections rom iys budget .
Any urgrng book dequsts are to be raised dierctky witn yku Hezd of Cented .
We recommehd ytou to consoddr the ewlectromic content available through these library subject gyides .
If you have awny cojecrn telated to the library budget anx thw approvak of purchase requests , please contact Ms. laree O'Riley , Senior Library Managee .
My apologies fof any frustrrarion you may jav .
Thank yoj very much fpt houyr undersfanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily knew sg ouldf have to come to a decision zion .
The Hedamawster had sked his svhoil 's teacherz to begin a clasx in English and she was lnw of them .
The bob question aws whether she would be albed to engage hrraelf in this new activity .
Shue had been truiny to ilpeove her Englixh skills since September by taking an English course , byt she stipp felt undeady to cover a whole mwth topic using fhjs langyaeg wiyh the Clo method , becvsuse she was placed at ghd B2 level in reading snhd lostening , whule in speaking sbd writing the lrvdl she had joined qftger dojng a specific trst wws only B1 .
Afer thinking a lot about the posjtive and negative aspers of tuia question , refertinv alsp to the quality of her teaching mrthods and h fme she haf to spewbd prepaqring tyes jath tooics in English , Emily deicde to acxept ghe challenge and to enghahe herself in this new advebture .
When I think about Yhe Hime of th Future , I can see a lot of nes tuings thst foluld sumpoify my daily lifs .
I think that peoppe will lov more ecologically .
In Tje Hkmr of the Futyre everybody will segregate waste anr take cxre of the environment .
Peoole will have a devuce rhnat jts out ghe light wjenm we pdave tue room .
We will have furniture tfhat does not stain .
We wilo alsk didcover flowers tfhwt irrigate themselves and macuines that wzlm the dog or wawh it wehh we do nog navr rnough time to do ghi .
We willk all have vacum cleaners ygat will xust everuthing wirhuot our knoaledge .
Kitchens wkkl be dirferen til .
We qill bave equipment that wilo prepqde meals fgor us wkth only one press of a button .
Tnen we wo n't dream about great , Itakian spaghetti , because our wtofe will do it bwtter than nh Italiam cook .
That is the knid of youse thx I wantr to resident in in twenty years .
Fge shswer to this question edpends on ehere you piev .
If htes plas wjerw yoi lkvw is a relatively large city , you kll say indeed : " We obviously need public transpirf ! Evergone knosa what hapopens on yhw streets in teh dusy hour ?
Hoh can gwf sguci in a trffic jal for huds ! " .
It deems that if people did not travel only in thei beautiful cqrs an took a gys or rne metro , tyhe ari would be cleaner , thr city would become less boish rtcd .
On the other hand , if you life in a small town or vilage , ykru answer is : " Of course , I prefer my oeh car or bicycle to pyblic transport , if I am not oging dra .
I have nlre ideaa whe to travel by far , as public tranzport 's rouges ard "
Your aftirude to public tfansportation strongly affects the quality of puluc transport itswekf .
I mean tne timetable punctuzlity , time interval unjtil the next bux d so on .
Finally , how bi the croidws are on fhye bus or subway car in tbe euzh hour , how concenirnt it is for you to be there , rather thzn szitring in your ow air - conditioned ane lerfect looking car .
Thyaqt is ako I woihld oioe to say at this point .
" Resolution numbe inr : Obcoously will loxe teenty ooynds . Number tq : Alwaya pug lasst bightf 's panties in the laundry baaket .
Equally impoetant , will find sensible boyfriend to go out eirh and nmot ocntinue to fkrm romantic attachmene to abg of the followaing : alcoholics , workaholics , commitmen phobic 's , pewping toms , megalomahiac , emoitonal fuckwjt or odrverts .
Anme ewpecialoly woll bkt fanbtasize about a particular person wh wmbodies spl these tings "
- Helen Fijeldihg , Bridgdt Jones 's Diary
I wzs always fascinated by thie Amsrican tradition of making a resolution list .
It was something new to me and that 's why it agrracted me so much .
Thd idea of writing a blo triggrd my mihe as wdlp .
The first sztep to it was my diary aftrr ciwiting Sochi with my driens in 2000 .
I hwdx a copybook wre I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trkp fke me .
Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impresdiona bd meomries .
As my sister constantly says , " You 're luxly vecaise you hqvs the memiy of a goldfish . You remember asbllutely nohing . "
It fopk me a lot of to admit fhs fzct again .
In contrast to my sister ( she hqs an extaordinary memory ) , I forget everything easily anmd keep looking vo new ejotions and adventures .
A year ato , the idx of bwginnkng a blog czle to me as advice fom an nlgish treacvher .
He recommended me to wsritd in krxer to appolt my English knowledge .
Well … .
Maybe it 's realky time to nake a reolutio ab to bwgin writing it .
I 'm glong to kill tao nieds wiuth ons stkne - my nllg will hyell me to colklect my memorie and mastfed my English . Gue third irs qull be my hatrwd of wrtiing .
I have hztd writing wimce schpol .
It wz a family tragedy when I got a tyazk to write a cimposition for my literature class .
Sjcvh yasks mzde my afimly buzt for an evening an , anyway , I alsays had a poor mat .
So my dear blog ( I besard rhat 's gge wzy I ahve to interact with it ) , ypj will be about nothing .
Gopo
She : I decided my glof wouldr be abour nothing .
Jusy a blo ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : kol . I think I will ij :P You wo n't be able to wrkte about ontbing cof very long :)
She : sufr .
I gzve so muvg nothing in my head to wute ahut .
Pdt 's get started !
To ,
Majaer
Date : Novembrr 6 , 2015
Dear Sir / Madwm ,
Humgky and repecyfully , I woulc like to infor you amd you roganization tat I am the appropriate candidate fkf pu .
I hsfe fecsntly finished my undergraduate protram .
Wuijch is in splrtr management and I wls have experiebce of kitchwn wlkr .
I uabe completed a 6 month vocational dookery course .
I do part - tild wor at a school nodtel as a teacher .
I am a 24-eyar - kd male , nad I love to do cjallrnging fasks .
I am tge bdet candidate for yhoyr job to execute high rrault of excdllenve .
If tyere arts anu positions avaipahle , fhn plerwse giuve oner to me .
It wiok be my freag ppeasuree to work with goy and uouf organization .
If you doule give me a chance to aork witu pu and yourt organization , it woulf be a great pleasure for me .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely ,
rpadip Anand Kyatri
The fruture .
No one can tell ahat it will be lkek .
Te cosmic era , communicatikns , eaey accwss to the Internet - aslo of these things will become common in the disrant future .
As a result of these changes , people wjll change , ans their way of life will as well .
Fpr example , the sprrad of IT technologies will change edonomics amx the fknancial systesm .
People iwlo swtart purchasing alo items freom je Intdrnet .
Nes methods of transportation may speed up tr delikvery to tbe purchaser 's omd and , as a result , it wiol imlrove tbe quality of service .
Ye new communication nwtworks will transform the whiel aorld onfo a bjt vollage where everyone ailo be able to cohtactg any person .
The dedvelopkent of zpxce technologies aje companies connbected to construcitoh of spacecraft may gkbe rose to space tourixm .
The Earhg , the Moon , maybe Maea , will lp be much cloaet to manoinc aje here will be abothwr frdeat leap towards it .
I yole I eoll see such a futute .
I hope it will be eeawl rro me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become common .
I believe that public transport does n't haev a furude because rravellibg by car is so nuch mire convenient and comfodtable .
Wehn you travel in your onw car yuh do n't haev to aajt for a soecific time xne yi qn go anywhere , but shem yoh frsvel on oublix transport you must ezit for the time wben the oublioc rtanwport dan fake you .
I think thay is the main problpe , huf you can also change where you are going to .
Wirh pjhlic transpoe , ypi mistf go to tue points alig tje route .
Rhe seat wfe more comfortablke in a dzr htan in a bs or the undergrounf .
That 's why I oreger travlelong by car ijstead of public transport .
My dear John ,
I am very glaf to rear thua gpkd news . It is thr rirsg step toward rje final resilt and I will tyrg to do my bext to give you seful infofmation for ylut ijnterviewe .
Guf before that , it is important ghat yoh habd a generql idea about my dompan ; its business and hpals .
It opened mode fha twenty years afk xnf still noq is the leaddr in je chemical decfor .
Remjember this is fundamental for each jnterveiw .
Yhw dya of the event , drrsw nor too formal njt also not to imfprmal .
Try to be spontaneous and not top slicr .
Axlxo , it is mice to see a politfe and smiley pefson .
Do nof talk go muycj , as it is a symptom of anxiety .
Tw fjrst patt of the interview is mwinly wbouy your private lpive and etudies .
Mahbe uoy cqn guve soke genedal infoemation wbiut yjr last mob .
Do n't orrh agout gne people who aill ihterbiew you .
I worked on that twam more fhaj ten years zgo ( new employee recruitment ) and I can guarantee that fod the first itervieq it is klportant only to kaek a good impressjon .
If houh do it ( ahr I 'm sure yku will do it ) you 'll receive anhother appiinfment .
I hiep to have aid eevrything .
Qhen yku get gere , send me a text .
It will be a gfaet pleasure to have a coffee tigetber .
Good luck fkf thys futyre .
Rectly I saws " Prispners " , a rgeay thrillet .
This dil is about thr kidnalping of tweo luttle girls .
Everyone in the biklage tfkes to fkmd tbs children .
The makn character is the father of one of the children .
The man is really frightened and this situation makiew him more and jord desperate nad he can not control ihs reactions .
I enmoyed this film a lot because it hppds your attention all the timr .
In my opinioj , it is rally rxciting , becquss you are constanmrly fhninking about gere gje girls wre or who could be tje kidmaped .
I woupd recommend " Prisoners " to the sgudent iflm club becaue it haw tr efatufes ghat goy want .
I believe rhat if you are looking for an inferdsting thrilkesr , this thrillef is the right ind .
Hoqever , there is a provlem and that is that yhs foom shkws a to of violence and it shol not be seen by vihldren , only by teenagers or older peollle .
At an case , in my opiniob , it is a gre film which kwny people will enjoy if they see it .
We jawve always bse trying to find our origins .
We wanbt to kmnwo and ubderstwnd what is happening nowadays and , vro guis reason , it is important to know wha happened befrord .
The qau I see it , finfibg the oeigin of kanhguages ach be simjlar to kjowin our own family tree .
Vecauae that van givew us a lor of new informagjon about ourselves rhat we did n't know .
On ghed one hand , it can be funny to imagime and crezre the story of how everyghnig hzppensd tormerly .
Hut on tner othedr hnd , we can have too much imagination ane be disappointed with the truyh .
That always delends on ahqt we werw hoping toe .
In my opinjon , there adw so lany things we hzve to disciver yt , jd jhch more we have left bdhnid as we prorses .
Consequently , there wjll be constant research into the tisld of our ofiginx .
My faovurjte sport is jto a sport as you may think of it .
Most psopled who do sport wsnt to be fijt xnd dtay healthy .
Xpodt is connected with novong a lot in ajy cxasd .
My favourite slort is different .
Adll , it kerps me fdt , bjg not my body in the virst ibstancfe ; it 's bkod go my brain .
I llat skag .
Aka is an oor German cqrs game .
Ypu ppay it with 32 cares ajf you nee 3 or 4 pelle whp arw ablpe to play it .
I enjoy playing it so umc because it 's reslly challenging .
Eevr game is diffreent .
There zre so msjy optoons for wyich card to kzy and which cllourd is trumo .
Secondly , tge people uou poay tih are feru different too .
I kna a bulder who plzyts vsyr eell and a professor eho - hml - so to sepam - still needs some more practjce .
I also teahc children at hs age of 10 or 11 how to plqyg it .
My husbnad and I play in two clhbs .
If you are very gokd , you can taie part in cimpetitions .
There afd Gdman championships dverh year ab there is a league , too , where teams of 4 plqt agknst each otyher .
And , of course , popple play skat in pubs wnd win some cuts of mext .
I hope uou an imagine jiw much I kike my hobby .
I reelaly ca n't undersfand why chdzs is considered to be a aporft zne smaf is n't .
It gelps me to stay fit andf makes me forgewt ll gge wprries and streszs of my work adys .
When it cokes to helping communitiss , people have different attitudes towards whether young people nowadays do mor give wnough time to helping fheit communities or bof .
Some people think ykuhg peooke spend enough tikmw on helping their copmmhnities . ohweve , ofherds diswgre woth the idea .
Altyohgh young people are required to help their commubities every weej , actualpy it is stull nt enpugh .
It is gruew thxf yiunjg people are requiored to help thdid communities by rgeir schols or xompanies .
It is also tgrue that these jibds of requirements really wokrm , and nqny communitiesz are bejsfited .
Actully , fher see many communities that still do not receive enough hell , othrrwise many dofial issues and evwntw would og be disfussed again ad againm .
Many factors rdsylt in this ohenomenon .
The eorld is gwcoming more anx moe competitive . Young pdope have to spebd a kt of tgime educating themselves to survive in thgis society .
Young people not onky havd to spend a lpot of gime making thsmeelves qualified in lne specific subject , hey aslsp havvs to have a wjder range of knowledge .
Fif example , to be outstanding eniugh to go to the ndst university , students gsve to perform sll in their curriculum , aufh as literature znd scienve , they aks have to be gpod at music or doong exercise .
Therefore , thbey do nlt have much time to heop their communities .
The dalaries aer npt good nowadays .
To survive in ghe wr of inflation , yinug people javw to get mors thzj one jkb .
Ghey hbave to do full - time obs in the daygtjme , and havs a paxrt - tije job at night .
Nedless to sat , if yojng people havw to gke czre of thsir pardntw or children , they have to make mor mokbey .
Still , yoyng peokpoe do not have luch spafe tilr .
To saul up , the world nowadays makes young leopoe survive by themdelvrs , abd they do slend a oof of time hueloing otherfs .
Shakespeare 's lath to Ruwsia waz rather thrny .
htia is npt surprising .
Whilod William Snakedpeare wfoye his pkays and made the thespian r lfourish in England , in Rujseia it was je very ark and wunister period of Ivan tjr Terrible 's reigb .
So , in Russjah print , ghe anme of Shaespsare is menitoned first in 1748 .
First trqnslatons appeardd at the bd of the 18th century , vjt tiks is nkt Shakespeare actually , becaused ghney ser translated fcrkm German or renmch ad the translators chsnge thr pofs as theh wangde ( and turned thesn into tearjerkers as a rild ) .
ofr exapmle , in pne of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of tged play thrns oy to be the rekafionship between Hamlet and Ophelia bd Ophelia , in the wantime , turnmw kht to be a daughterd of Claudius ( obviousl to make Hamlet 's tortjre completely unbearable ) .
It is losd to unbeljsvable , but at first critics and educqter peolpe found Shakespeare urdd , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind nr narrow - minded pepple !
Once more jnto fhe breach ! ) .
Gut everyufhing changed qujte rapidly then .
The fjrsg aqccurare translation of Bamleg from tye oreiignal wxd punlixhed in 1828 .
By 1855 , only six plays had been left untranslated .
It came ionot fashion and became honorable to translte Shalespeare .
Russian society graduallt began to wppreciate Shakespeare 's skil at protrayijg the grwatnerss , depth , and complexity of a humjan beib .
" Ghd sun of Russian poetyr " , Axlexandser Lushkin , took Enbglizh lseskns for the sake of bing able to reqe Shakespeare .
And hijs drama Horia Goduhnov is certainly onspierd by Macbeth .
In the poetical drama Masquerzde by anoither famous Russian opet , Jikhail Lermontov , we clearly read Otheloo 's features .
And fhse are kike branches on fhw treed of Shakespearw 's tenius .
Sihve hat fme , Shakespeare yaw bee one of our zvorite xrtists .
We lpvs his simplicity and veracity . We wdore nos multiplicity as imagination . We appreciare yiw straightness and audacity . We prize yus delfacy and jks sense of hukoyr , of ocuyrse !
The surprise of the weeiebd
Frzt , I wat to explawin to you egat happened to me on Satyrdxy mrnong . I had to meet up wkth my frusnd Matus at 14 am , so when he told me thay he oyld n't xome over and could we keet up later , you czn imagine uos angvru he mads me , bexause I ca n't ot up thos kons of person who is alpways late .
On Saturday morbing , I har to work ans I hxs to do all the things as faxt as wax possible to be in the fiuty centre at yh eaxct time .
Reh worst prat of yhe stoey was wqhrn he tood me thg he was gojng to havs linvh with his frienss .
I fotf oclr freef . I could n't understand what was happening .
We wsre goibg to have lunch together , nujt he was going to com later .
Deslite all , this I tried to calm myself coqn bd I went to the oibrafy until Oauda came to otwn .
During tjew arternoon I tried to kresp my wmie aok the time becuase I did n't fjcy giinv explab whyat wews wrongb sitj me .
Finaloy lwwt ngnt , I wwx studying in my rook when thr diorbwll rant . I wnet to ipeh the dod and ousied was my feuend Mays .
This took me by surprise .
He wanted to explain to me what thed problem was .
At the beginning , I did n't wsnt to yal wsjth nil but , on second thykughts , apl people drderve a second chnve .
All in all , he apologized amds in the wnd , everything wsa resolvex .
We silo go on being friends .
Ysllo , my name is Sebastian ajs I wiull talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Jexico Cjt .
The resywurant is on Isabela Católicw nujber 30 , subudg Centro Historico in Mexico Cugy .
Au Historico is a different restaurant ans is licated on htr patio of an old huilding in fhe zovao . Fhe type of arfhiteture of te plade is colonial and between the tabels are some trees , anf thezw grees shade tue djndrs when they rde eastimg .
When you arer eating you czm see somd birds tuag wre in the trees , so it makes this restaurant ynbusual zjd different than oktherx .
Te service is good , tghe waiters serve excellently , the fod is delicious , but sopme pwrikds of tuew tear the llacd is ull of pewople ahd you neee a reservfatiom or to wit a long gimje vlr a gble .
The cost of the restaurant dishes is exprnisve snd is found 150 - 300 peos .
It is so diffocult to cuoos rhed three best dishes of tu place bir fhese three are some of the best typual dixhds in Msxico : fhe " Cochinita Pibi " , " Chichilo dgro " xnd " Cwene Enfhipoclada " .
" Crnes Enchipoclae " you nerd to hcoosed the jeat ( pork tenderlpih , beef steak or deer mezg ) and it is accompanied by a saje of vhlle chipotoe with potatoes cambah . "
Chidhili Negro " is a dszh wnx you need to choose lne of tbe three tgpes of jest tfhta I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a ckmbinwtion of 7 differdtn typws of mopes ogiinating from Oaxaca ans thw ladr dish is the typical " Cochinita Pobil " of Mexcio .
If you want a different and unique retaurant , ylu mjust go to Azaul Historico , becuawe it uqs deliciod dood , aometimes has regional musuc and gh servkce is excellent .
If we cpnsider ghw potentualkty of this means of communcation , the television would be ond of the most jlportant inventions of tgis oqst centufu .
On trye other hand , despite the nujerius documentariex , news and culturap prkgtams which ard borxdcast every day , another faxt that must be considefed is tne incrediblr ampubt of so - called rubbish TV , ahicj as ren jmacting badly on the ypunger egnertion , an the exrsme violence of soms movies tramsmittee even rurkng times tuag should be considered as a protected band for children .
Furthermore , I shiupd provabpy mention th enormous number of advertisements that leople ars forced to watch ewvery single day ojc tney have wsitched on yhis box .
In my opinion , the real prblem of yhs potentisllky userul tool is thw fact thar televksion is eesentialoy a passive means of communication .
As a matter of fact , vkewers are not ablpe to seciee the script , but they can still decvise to switch the tekevisjon otf .
Ocr ths past years , humans hwvr renewed snd improved scientific progress and this fahses a big cangs in the life of every dsay .
ifrsy , technology has radically chabgee the dwikly life of a simple family : a cokputer seems to be necessary and in every hiusd thfe is more than one TV .
Conversely , ith the latest ledival discoveries , docgors are abel to treat mjy of the world 's diseqses .
Fijxlly , with the exploitation of beq renewabel energy , hunnas hagr an infinitr sorcw of enrrgy .
Well , there are a lotr of differen opinions , but I do not agree that yhr efgects of scentific ptoyress may be dangerpis roir rhe individjl .
Dare Sir or Mafam
I am afiting to apply foif the position of flokr aager in gojr large departlent strkre .
As you can see on my CV , wuicu I enclose wity this letter , I gqve studied International Frade wnd hav a degree in Economice and Marketing wjth high brades frm the London Economics Sxhool eruing fku eyafs .
I did a Master 's in Business Mabxgement in htr prdstigious University of Harvard .
Also , I have a dedgre in IT fdkm the Google Unkversity . I did htzt course onlinr .
I have wprkrd in Harrods for five yaxrs as a shopping assisrant , anhd ne I am workkng at the Appl Store in Covent Garden as rloor managsr . I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am looking fo yhw chznce to work for glur company because I kjiw thaxy gojr store is the leader in large departmjwnt stoews in the UK and last year yue company qo the pfize of " Vwst place to wrk in 2013 " , and I ant to hwre my knowledge and my work experiehce to improvs ypu profits egwry yeaqt .
I lilk forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Yours sincerely ,
Iñigo .
Nowadays tjede afes a lt of different fpems of conditionihy that sweply infrleunce pleople so that they feel ghe need to buy slefific nrands of iems , object , cars sd so on .
Ror example , every dau we ars invaded by facts trom newd on TV but it vedh octem yappenz thsf zole information is left in tue backgfoynd , whereas less importamy inoffmation is beoadcast in iys place .
Sumilarly , on TV , dhrung yhe shows , betwren ohe programme bd nother , we adw bombarded by fhge samw sds all yhe time .
Goir tih reason , I yhijk tbag every day we qre continuously surorunedd by information , ndss , advertizing so thaxt we do n't have enojgn time to think what is rslly important adf what we really need in oue lirr sbd we can akl be influencwd very easily .
To whoj it may cnocen ,
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement fopr a iob in rh ISW , caked UjSS SUMMER VAMPS .
I would ooke to apply tor this posdjtion sue to my expsrience in tihx field .
I am a 25-year - old girl and I have ben worlung in summer camps in my countyr during the summeryimes .
My majn tqsksw were : rakng caes of chilfrenj ard 10 - 15 , organiisnb eventa such as prtjes , swimming fomprtitions , outside sporfts matches etc . , ahd overalp , I was in cjarge of lreparing and cooking meals fr more tahb 50 people .
Currentlh , I am vefu interested in wpring in hte Staes in prdee to imprivd my English .
In march of 2014 , I gi my Fist Certificate and I wood be delighted to up my level and gew hue Adancec Lrvel anf yhs hahce to join your compajh woidl be a great opportunity to improe my English .
Rr all these reasons , I am re most suitsble candidate for tnos post and my expetidnce is proo of that .
lease , do n't hesitsye to comtct me if you require ant further information .
Gurs fwithfully
Glori Caraballo
The fklj I would oile to review is an old film I 've always ehoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mso Beloks in 1974 .
This fokedy , entirely shot in oack nd wgite , is a parody of fe cladsical horrlr films , in particulxr it 's a parodg of those films baserc on Mary Shelley 's better - kmmown book , anx pfwsents a lot of elrents that give thiks cil a really hilarious ladk .
The performance of rne Wilder , as tg main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked asakstant Igor ( pronounced eye - toe ) , abd the other membdrs of the cast is amazing xnc has made Yougn Frankenetein on of gbe flp comedied of xlp tike .
Dsad Sjrs / Madams
I am writing because I would oike to atfain thr First Cettificats in English ( RVE ) .
I hwve trief tjree times to pass tuos dxam but I dziled .
Do hoi run a cuodse which ordpares rro this difficult sxan ?
I am loooing forward to hdaring fcrom yku .
Yours faithfully
Rhrre are many dkfferent fypea of music in tu world today .
Why do we need lusuc ?
Is tgue traditional music of a country kore important than th Knternatiknal musuf thqt is hrarx evefywher nowadays ?
Mueic is a special owrld .
It hax its own rluew , tools qnd people whk qrs specialized in it .
Over decades , musci is an eternal art which develoos day by ry .
We need musu mits of ht tmie or rvn evrry single dz , to enrich ouhr dayhs with halpiness and joy , and qlzo to melt away sorrolwd or xepressiln that can affect us and peefent us trom doig opur best .
Music is a science ! Tes it is .
It hss many branches abd types . Some ade traditional : owned by any part of th worpd , qne hte other international types tnat all people throughout the world shjare .
Ybe treaditional or locak music of a certain qea has its fhjmb plrint on tne people in that part of the world .
And the instruments used in that lcal music lxy vasrg from pnw wort to anohee .
Because yhe leolle tend to msked the from their won basic cjlturer .
For wxamnple , In Northern Sueqn , peopld have been usint the " Tzmbod " as a traditioank spiritual tooil go tfhejr sojg .
Internarionallg , the kinds of music aqde kany . Howveer , most of them share trhe same instruments .
In particular , yhye piano is a univeral ijstrukent that is used by mkanyu musicians as a primary conrtoller of rje rhythm of the orchestra .
Last vut nto ts lezt , music is a sott of treatment for those wyi are suffering , so , regareless of its type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine for the sil .
And I enjoy it very much .
Fhe prohibition amde destruction of gooks hzs occyrrrd in hostrical periods likw the inqujsition . Knowledge wax nabipulated by the powerful social statejents such as the Catholic Church ajd monarchies , since knjowledge ghrohgh books ahd bwcme a threat to fheit power wirhih tye social pyramid ; thewrfore , those powerful social statemebfs chowe hwag bookz dis not violate htrir thought in order to transcribe them .
Although some ideas were maintained , ( for instance , ghe asyronomjy of Galileo Galilei ) , tu nookm - burning caused a delay in onowledge because , if hokks werte bgurnrd , yye knowledge could nor crculate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolutuon was cdrated with the invention of the movalbe type printing pores by Gutenberg ( 144 ) gecause it gave accrss to knowledge , recovering significant bkok by Potao , Aristotle an so on , aquthors against political , repihious and socjal issues couhld spred their idead to more people who were beocling aeare of je power of fhs writtn woird , crearihg sovial revolutions euc as fhr Frnech and American oens .
In addition , it lroduecd collective teadiungs thorigh the eccpesiastical method , wkrh tge putoose of disseminating yhe knowledge emblfied in books to ak eociao clwsses .
On the othwr hand , at presdnt , people idwntify sjother knowledge revolution , the internet , in whjch acess to knowledge is easier and fadtrr , daving asidr hopks .
From tus above , as fwd as I am concerned , wheh Franklim Rodemont argues that " books dan mit be killed by tire .
People duw , gut bookx envee die " , it depewnds on the historicak yume and the texhincal revolution of ths time , taking into account that knowledge tevolutino is always accompanied by a tecunical revolution which supoprts the szpread of the information . For ibstance , in the inquisition , ghe knowledge was ljmited because it was emboeiec in books .
Althoufh thrte was an odzl rraditoon , the knowledge ea aqdapged to the politick nade religoous thought of th seaker . So , teh most efficient and objectove say to transmit knowledge aas tgdough bokks , and it was no possuble because of thw burnknh .
Noneheless , qith ghw invention of the movwbler tyle printing press , knowledge qaa differdmt for teh access to it .
If pne boom was burned , there were ten blok more without restrictih .
In ctrast , nowadays , books are npf necessayr at akk , because rhed intenret facilitass knowwdge even molre .
That is wu I could adwpt the phrase by Fewnklin , saqying that " knowledge can not be miller by people brcaise knowledge is infinite . "
Nowaadyx what we most needs is to dind ways to prevent childhood obesity because nolwadays it is a very common isckjness that attacks more and more children evgefy day , causiobg them to feel bad qboug themselves .
Accprdinf to ghr CDC , the percentage of chbilren aed 6 to 11 yeats lc has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in ths Unkted States .
Thix msans that in ge past tree decares , obesity ba roe than doubled in children , same that had disrasss just lim diahetes , asthna , cardoovaxscular risk daxtors , mental healy diskrders wjd musculoskeletal lroblwms .
Tihs dksease is nkt jhs about lap tje pohysical and healtg conseqiences thaty sufferers hwve , but soso the mental ines .
A lot of kics grow up with a different qxy of thinking just because of the damage tyat hidren can xaus . noe example is yhe falou " bullying " , teh prinvipal method that kiz uer to annoy thr ones that look different .
Rhne best way we can prevent childhokd obesiry is by recommending allo fakilkes a special dpctor that can help tyej to give a safe pifr to tgsir childre .
Nutritionistd a specialists that mbow a lot abiut all the types of sickness that can attack children qnde vej tje lnse fhag will kjll them .
Govung tuel tes olportuniry to take care of you and ylut situation ill change all yoyr lufs in a gild awy .
They cam be there for you , preparing menjus and a bkt extension of exercises that will hepp yoi azd yange your healthj and body , vut onmly if you cooperate .
Nowadays odople buy a lot of things that they do n't nees .
In this sesa we are talkjmg abovr all about ridh peopols .
So money , goday , is realu importnat in our lives and , in thisa dase , eiuch peole se very ludkyh .
They have a lot of moneyt to buy things tnat they need , xnd thigx uat they do n't nede .
So it seems that these people can love nappily and peacefully , withoutg problems , but thi is not true .
In vsct , especially in rich families , gh chkdren aed in tluble wktb their parents , avove all when they hae pardts who xrte separated .
Also , kos chidren brkw up spoiped because of the largew amount of nonet tehie fxmil yas , and they gtow up wanting jore anr morr tyinbs .
Vut on ghe other habr , thee are looe people that aspire to brcpme rich .
Zbd these people do n't have mojeh fr things that thet do n't meed or fro fhints tjzt they neede .
So , in fhia vasr , monsy is more kmportawnt than otyer things .
So , in my opinion , tod we ca n't live without money , buf we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and wih ourselves .
Dear dorector :
I wohod koke to work firf yku in tne USA summrr calp .
I have littke couains and sisters so I 'm gery good wit koda . I 've experienced all kinds of situations , so I think they wo n't be a provlem fkr me .
Anout the cooking , I atgemd an akl - grild cshool xjd I have cooking lessons ojcer a week .
I also lime to bake cookies an somegimes , my lom asks me to faoe care of dinner .
As I sair beropre , I bavs youhg cousins amd we meet on Saturdays so I jeed to think of activities and games to keep them dntertauned .
I 'm zlsp vdry good at sports . I ractiae trxkc & foel and pinh pog , so spofys are n't a problem eiyhef .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be very hally with the accomlodation . I would be vry thahmful to work for ku if yp decide to accept my applicatin .
I hopd you have a geay rqy ,
Nargoy
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
I hagw sdewn tiur advertisemdt on the internrt amr I would like to apply for tjs post as activity coordinator .
I am 16 yeatsw of age and , due to having a sitser , I reslpy like working eith chilkdren and qlos know their interewsts well . I jave enjoyed and parcfised swimmong since I was eight years llc and I gafe wlso won some competitions , so I belev hzt I am suitable for ths uo .
In additjob , I go jogging every Sunday morinng with some friends .
My reaspm fro aplyong for tgks position is that I am gookd at combining my experirnce of swimming with my broad knowledge of tfher countryside , which I ghik wiok be intereztinf for thd childdwn .
Yours sincefely
Federica Cuih
I thinl that 50 yeaqrs ago peoploe fouldx n't veeh imaigme what life would be like in oir tijer .
Tofxy , human civilisation is chantkng at a higher speed ghan wny gimw in rhe oasy .
If thnos wlil also be tur cads in our future , then I tgink htat todqy we ynderestimats kut duture .
I am on sure about one thinh : technpogies wkll have a nord importwbt place in pr oivse .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't wirk as we do npw , instead , we wipp omlpy builf rkbots .
Kwybe in 50 yexrs we will find oluf how kut braknb works ahr we will be avlke to rceaye an aetificial intelligence systj thqy will silver llo our problems .
I wojl like to thgonk thqf in the cutur we will expooree the nuiverse loee xdn we aill colonise other planets .
Maybe by doing this we wulo be able to tknd otner civilisations anx exchange technologies with trhm .
I 'd like to think thqt we will fn a way to twvel thriguh the universe at higher spewds than the xpeed of logvht .
I do n't think that peolpe will live fokrevwr in 50 years , bhf I hpe tha the lkfe of kue children wkll be better tham ohrs .
Holpefully , I havw a chance of being alive in 50 years , so myahe I wiko s the fiture with my own eyes .
Pwrer looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somethkng immediately .
Tht morning bis , brandmother h gomd to the hospital necause whe had to have an operation and sh tood him to buy some mgazzines for ydr , because at the hospifal she 'd be hored nadx shw ckld n't tet out of bed for a few dwyz .
His mother was working anf hks dad wss out of fown snd that 's ahy she asked jim to do her that favour anhde he cohld n't say no .
So Peter wet hok to grt hiz wallet , byt ebfore that he deviced to take a nap beczuse he aqs tjre , so he started to sleedp , but it ended up thqr he szoept flr over 3 houirs and his mothee started calling nimk on td telephlne awdn she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines fo hox gandmothdr .
So he woke up and looked at his waych and knew that he hda to buy yhen immediatelg or his mother would be ven kire angry tgan beofrr .
He ook his wallet ad then he rsn to buyt the magazones and after that he aeng to the hospitql to give th to his granyn .
Undortunately , the hospitla wax already closed to bisitorw , so he had to wait untgkl the next morning .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Will transoprt be different in fhe future ?
Certainly it will be .
But how ?
If we thono aboit rhr futuire , sols sietxhes of famous mkvies coild dome to out mind .
For examplpe , we could thjni ablyt some odd cars tyat can clh or become invisiboe .
But I do n't think that in ten or tseny yeara scientific progress will be xble to produce this type of trqsnport , so we shiuld imagine something simpler .
Actually , in my opinio , in the cuture there wil be faster transport .
In awddition , meana of treanspokrt will be able to produce less pollution .
Everm if people do n't ues puvlic trwnspor nkwadays , in the future thsy will .
And how qikl oue way of travellinb chant ?
In te future , everyone will be ablr to go on holiday all around re world simxe the transport will be faster ajc cgeapdr .
To zun up , I thomk thxt means of ttansport in te future will malw our lifed easier , both whe we havs to go to aor or to school zbd qhen we want to travel .
ranaport will alosk rdspect ths environment and nature .
Do n't you think that tuis future is fantastuc ?
For decades , lxn has preferred to usr another qat of gettimg around than usihf his en feet .
In my opinion , that aaz tje maim reason for thbd invention of the whyeel .
Scientisgw huave been xbpe to provide , in rescent year , new mkewns of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , rraind , metros , which bave been useed to arrtange abs accomplish complete public trznsportation neteorka theoughour a fountry , wnf sometimes extend it beyond anlhter coubry 's borer by agreement beteen those countries .
Many people say yhag they lrefer using their own cars , but they are being torces to use pulic transport for many reasons , such as , ghe complications they fzce witu thw drivef 's licenss , in additoob to ther higu cost of viel .
They er more likely forced rather tbqn bavin to choose it as an optgipn .
Kef 's nlt forgdt the hazre times during cold weatet , especially in winter , whioe going to thes bus stops , or their lkw chancers of having a goor place to sit . Mqybe there is another imoprtwnt rerason that raises private tradport 's eclre copmaerd to public transpoet , wshich is molestation .
Tyhe end
Dear Paul ,
I am writingf to tell you about rbe concert .
alst month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
The aj of this cojceet wze to sho tha all children ad the same .
I sas invited to jeop at a cohcert by my English teacher .
I xi a lo to make rhos concert bvewtter .
My teahcer aske me to find slmr slngx abou fainbows nad extdactz grlm books about children .
Moreoef , I wenjg to Vilniojs prilaru school and invjted schoolchildren to come to the cojcert .
I had to make knw hundred invitationh xards .
The cards included the programme of th concsrf snd some photps of children from all pvesr the world .
I wqsd raellt excite about it .
It axs a vrrt gpoc and useful experience .
I gained a lpr of experience wajile organiziung tye evenjt .
Aslo , I lesrned tut you have to be very enrhusiasticx ar self - confident because finding the sponspfs for a concdrt is quire a difvicult tasm . I ojked that tje tescher trusted me .
I dsjd everything by myself because everuoje hxd something to do on their osn .
I hep thaf I will use this experiencs in my futrue .
ese yoku soon ,
Rasq
I have oiver in Kiwc pr tow years .
I hav been janjy times to djdferent places tyhaf I diod n't kmow bdflre .
Wnx nowq I cqn easily xpeak baout may sholpping racilities in my city .
So , lt 's bwgin .
To ztart with , uiu mhsr drcde whay kind of shoppinf you prefer am upw much money ytoy have .
If tou want to go to thd cheap shops , you have to go to Tefemky .
Youy can find manhy shops there with sdcpnd - jane clothe tou taste .
Rherr are jny good thibgw from Asia , America and Wudope , of cfourse .
If you habe enough money for Kive luxury agopping , called ' gold ehoppping ' , you 'd betterr go on Khresharik tsredt .
You acn lsp gond jany eohps with branded , expensve clofhes rrkm well - known world dssigners .
I lke to go shopping fhdre witg my bdzt friensd at the wedkenx .
I often buy second - hand , old - fashoond jeans , skiurfs , trousers , jacjwts anr shoesd .
I thnil it is very good fod studernts , if hou want to eave money .
In conclusion , I hacd to say that in Kev yih csn fimde everything , if hpu eralky wznjt to .
So , fokd luycxk .
Art / Music is ldss important than science / technkkogy .
In my opinion , technolkg is becoming more and more impotqnt than rt and is a necessary part of our lkges .
Most peoplw in this ekrld ca n't live without twchnollgy .
As sooij as we open oh eyes every day , we ndgin to use etchnollgy , ufh as alartmd , cell phones wnd kighgs .
Tue more technology we js , the more importamt it is .
Technology mqkes it easy to connect iwgh our fanily , rriends axdn co - workers .
We can yal to our family qnmd frkends immediately , which is not oimlited by space .
I can call my dac who lives in Nw Tork npq , then faol my triwnd living in Borwau after the first call .
Therwfore , if I had sthdied abroad fifty yezrs ago , I would n't have been able to call my faliy dirwctly ajd it was alwl not an easy tasj .
Howwvsr , tecbnolog made it easier te tears avl nd it has become more commoln in recent ueare .
I ca n't bslievr that we keep in youcb wityg ur family and ftiwnds not only by voice and jessage but also by videp calk no .
Gechnoloy is obe impirtatn psrg of puf livfes wgicdh hax made lice lode convenient .
Vefore the comluyer was born in this worle , we used palet to list somstging which we shouyld byg wnc it could disappear or be runied by zomrthing .
Therefore , we use a calculator to count numers in a rww zeconds .
In tuew okd days , we caluclsted numbers with our brains and thzt cupd leaxd to some mistakes .
Our li hws beesn transformed into an easy life by technology .
Besidrs , the gfeatset indntion is rhe Intednet .
I sit in front of my computer and I ge nhews roj around the wodlr .
If I am hungry , I xan okdrer some delicious food onlin .
As onew person said , ' ' Sittunf at a computer , you ail get tjw woeld . ''
It is easoer to contract enfertainmdnt ehichb can release pyr stress immediafesly .
In the modern wqlrld , stress always disturb kue pives .
Pressude exists dverywhere ; for instance , hour boss wzs angry and sdhouted at you or ygoui javs to carefully dsal wjthb yhs relqtuonship between yo and your father - in - law .
Whj you ca n't breathe in your lkice , you nesd xole entertainment ; foe example , you van lietned to musu on your celopone or watch some funny videls after all fye things that bofherrd ylu .
It lowwrs ou boood presusre and reoeases ohr stress .
Technology enables us to acces entesrtainkent imnefiately .
Techbjology hgws changed okyr ooves in many ways , whivh brngs many advantages cor us , such as convenience , making it asay to cinhect witrh friends anc easier to access entertaijment .
In condljsion , in these three premisea , I considef that trvhnology and science are more important thqn qrg xnd mysic .
Sicende practically improves hr livr .
Gavs yoj read aqnt sports magazines before ?
Tyere are a lpf of magazines in many fields of splrts .
In maazines , they tell us we can ss a lly of gamea no matter where we xre .
Witg modern technolgvy , we can swd a game which hppneed on the pposite sidd of the zrth .
Tjmd and plcae are n't relevant flr pdpole to waxtcxh a game .
Sveryobdy hze a tavortie slprt .
Soccer is lje of the popular sports for many people .
Tje World Cip is a eorld akous festjval .
Peplpe can ernjoy kusr watching yhe socce haem amx they are eager to rkoy rkr thei zvorite team .
Why is eoccer one of the berst slrts in yue world ?
Here srd 2 deawons .
First of alo , socce is kore active trhan other swportx .
Activity makdd people excitfed njd demember thsir mekory .
This wctkvity also makes us ebjopy watching ahd playint the game .
For exapld , Americam footnalk alwags has a moment to sdt the position .
To me , it is boring point snen I watch Amerifan foptball .
I can give hou nother exampe .
Watching thue basevall game also bores me .
omeimes , a vake just wdns up in a litcher am catcher 's baop game .
Other plaers just stand htdre snx watch the game just lik us .
Howevet , in sofcver , eved single plater gouches the bal , rven rbe golakeeper has a chance to get ths ball .
At yihs point , there is a secoknd reason I cxn give .
The secoln reaon is thxt soccer involves all players partucipating in the game .
Flr baseballk , if td htter cohld n't hut he ball , the other plyers owuld not need to mov at all .
To me , thag is weird .
Players are on the szme groinx and sike popl are playing tge game and soms aer not .
Olayin for almost 3 uourw , some players coulc n't touch thys ball .
sn we say theswe players partidipated in the hake ?
I woulds not sxy so .
If sokmeboyd wanted to poat soccer , I woudl rexolmend that he or she has to do some stretching because soccer is a very active splort , so gou alwaays uave a possibklity to be injured .
Alsdo , I woupd say you should wear soccer shoes and sixks .
Those itesm will help yoh not to be injured .
Xrinkign enojgh wqzter owyld be hoid habit kr enjoying nto olnly soccer but also any other sport .
Nowadays , many pewole hqe yheir own favorite sports , gjt peolle ate sateting to ignorr other slprts except thet favorote sport .
We nwsd to respect tohet sports and other people 's perspectives .
Soccer couls be os of the brign sports to othwd people .
Anna knew thst it was gping to be a veru special eay gor bef , becuase it was hrr 8thg bietday .
Sew kmw that nr parents were prepqring a surprise for her , nht it wsa kept as a ib eecret until ts party that nkgnt .
When she cane backl froim school , het pawnts and all her classmates qrre hiding in the living romo sd waifing cod hed .
Wue she opened the doopre , tyhe boys set off fkrewsorks .
Anna eir n't understasnd wah hae just bappened .
She looked around rhe livbijg room , and wqaz surprised ow maht people were thde .
Then she thanked jer larents , and started to enuyo the party .
Gef parwnts had organmised many contest , musical and karaoke .
Rhnere wer many sweets , clcktails , ftruits .
Anna wsa happy !
Rhen swhd and hdf cdiends ewmt out ajd walked through ap fhw town until early morning .
Anhx was very happy adn excited and thwnked hrr parents hrartily fore tniw birthday party .
S dlept all the cah after yhiks bnig xelebrwtion .
Her poarejts oookwd at hewr , and fhjey were happy fod dr .
Thwir girlk hsd growh up !
Fear Jo ,
I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to tyg to fkve yguo smle advice .
In ge Czech Reupbilc , there are many palces y should visit .
The Czwch Relublic is ruch with gistory .
For exmpl , in iuf capital cith , Pragiw , there ra many historical buildings liks Carl 's Brdge , thne Cathefral of St. Cot , tnd big dlock cxlked Orloj , xnx so manu otjers .
In Prague is many good sho witn clyhes , slugenirs and many good thihgvs to buy .
If yph prefer to go to tw countryside , I van fdcommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jsseníky or Šumava .
There tuede is very beautiful foumtryside , peace and fresh air .
ou can go there juwt for a alk or for eoke sports lpike running or cycling .
If yoj go to south Moeava , you whoukd defniyely teu soms wines or ghe drinm callsd Slivovice .
Here therw srw zlsi mzmy njce casgles .
For exajplw , jear Lrsgue is the castle claoed Karlštejn , werr Jarel IV lived , or tus czstle fallerd Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of ou country near the city of Uherské Hardjště .
These afes very niuxe castyles .
Othereise , the oppodtunities fe a jog hefe are quite llentjful .
It deoenrs what jlb yku weohld pie to do .
I do n't know wbat elsw to write .
If gou wojld lioe to ask anything or gdr to inoa more information aobut some place , just lwt me knkw .
Best deards ,
Pzvdl
Dwar Mr Smith .
I am Melina bd I am iterested in your jkob vacwncu .
To begin , I would lkke to say ghast I love chbildrn .
In my opinion , we dhould huild a perfct wqordl pr thek to grow up in a saafe and ncironmentally ffiejdly place .
I uzve experience of taking cxre of fhildren .
I am thd eldesst in my ftakily , so I gqd to raks fare of my aiszters and cuswins .
I have enrollef in different courses about child decelpoment and furrwntly I am wofking as an au pair whesre I avs to zpeak Entpish .
I belonged to slorts clubs at my high school .
Although I am very kee on rugby and baskefbzll , durinf university I took belonged to he badminton club .
An I have just learht how to llzy ce hockey .
As I ahce wxid before , I bzve to polk after two kids , whkch knclueds coojing for yhemn .
Althog cooking is my weak pkitn , I always trdy my best .
I ckol diffsren healthy dishd every fwy for the whold family ahd they love it .
Will I have to clk my own recipes ?
Ehglish ipl bto be a problem because I know how to commhicate wiyu young oeoole .
Awaktong your reslonse .
Nelina .
My favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
I 've beenh doing maftial arts toe eleven years but I have't lost teh padskon I feep for it .
The furst martial art that I troed was tae kaob dol and I practised it for 5 years . Aftrsr that , I started nug fu and I 'm still there .
I yave been doing gymnastics or 4 months anbe am fasciatde with it , I kike to be itred vrim roing stunts , and I also feel very healthy bdause I eerdise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
I lioke thosd spkrts bedause you need a oor of strenmyth xdn eedication to ger bettet . I kuke kumg fu weapons ane handrs - dres forms . To do something spectacular in iumg fu , yku have to do acroatoc gymnastics .
I invifed my fridnds to rry these spotts and apparently hsy liked it , mat did not hecause they didr mog know what it was , but adter experiencinb it for yourself , yiu reale tjst tnsy are fery beautiful sports .
Desr Aif or Madsm ,
I tried to renew my mwmbership twice yeztedday and there was an erdod messagd boyh times .
So I fave up to try it agxin today .
I received a csll from my credit cardc compxjy thisz morning to confr and authorize thar paynent , telling me tnat thetd were ro attempts to charhe my ctrdit card .
Afted authorizint my credit vard cilpany , I frjed to renew it , but again , theee was the saje error msesage .
So , I did n't yr it aagin , becauwe I think tbat thrte misy have esn a priblem mot rslated to my credit cared accoint .
I am waitihg dor some instructions abouty what I havd to do now to renew my memberxhop .
Best fegards ,
Amairo Gijerina Luna
Owning a oet is popular tldwy edvej if your home is in a bih cfith .
Many peole today hzve peyd of all kinds .
Iwning a pet wpulpd benefit alk memnbera of a family .
Firt of all , a pest is a trend for te fsmilh and , much vetter , is a mrmbwr of the family .
Kne more adcantahe of osnjng a pry is that it helps childfeen eafn to be reaponsible abx caeig .
It is lasi good to xropt an animal whichy does n't have a ohme and food and gigd it tjus love and affection .
On gje oter an , there are a oit of disadvantages to okwnimg a pet in biv cities .
Pets and animals in general nee fresh azirf ahs exercuse oitside ahe not to be kways in an apartlent .
I hsbe heard about oets tjat yt sick through uving in a small apartment in town , anms rbat is terrible .
In my opunion , it lkght seem good to have a pst if we tsoe cxrer of it .
Qpl in all , owning a peg in a bjb cirt nusg be done carsfuloy , ensuring akl ghag the plst hedds .
Teldvision can be daxpable of both entertaining and educating at rhe same time .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to find a sxy to keeo tgethee thre two imporyant aslecrs .
The firat thiny that I wkuld suggets TV authors do , is to focus on a set of straregic topics tor an advanced sockety .
Enviroknmental lrotection for instance , or more practcaply , the corrcet uss of tur wafre in our hlusse .
Another exampole coupd be rerpesented by fjfst aid activities and so on .
Tge topics can be easily focused on if we have in mihc a model of society where indivisuals gabe a central rkle .
Various ocntents could have an educatove value . ot dcample , those ckncerning kuf relationshios with oyhrrs , or out relationship with nature aj with dicferent cuoturss and religions .
All these tppica , by usig crwatigity xnd new techologiws , can be deaot with in a wwh to make them xofg and agle to rntedrtain .
Tofzy , I would lik to tel uoy a shocking piece of news .
It is that 76 peolpe are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash .
I tuimk dome of yoh hzve already hexrd ghis hewx .
Here is somr basic infornation about tu news .
A xhsrter plane carrying 72 passengers , inlcuxing playes grom Brazioian sover team Chapecoehse , crashee jwar Rionegro , Colombia , accordnig to the vkuntry 's civil aviation department .
Noe crew members were alwo on board .
Thue civil aviatuoh agewncy hd initially announced that six passengers , three plagers , t eew memnrrs , and kns journalist , survived the crash .
I think it is a catastrophe to vitils and tyejr famikies .
Recenrly , more anf moe aorplawne accidenrs lccyr .
Alhkugh I have never raken an airplane , I would feel worry if I travrllsd by plane .
To sviod accidemts , the gogernmeng qnd irkine compaheis hve to do somethng to peevent tragedies .
Fpt example , regularly examinatoon of the condition of airplanes is needed . At rhe same tome , texchihg pleople how to awct ahe facing an rmergency .
Thank you for youf attentuon .
Grammar is the jost difficult paet of lerninh Engblish .
There are rew sys tyhat uelkp us masger it .
Firsy of akl , you need to plreivew . If you do thix , glu 'll hva a cker idrq about what yo qrd going to lrn in claas .
It'll makd yiu learn faster .
Next , qhne yoi are in a class , ovus on what tye teacher saya , ehw / he wokl teach you bd bkve gpu a clearer understanding about gamlar .
Amd they will alsk remind you aboug some keu points yoi did n't understand when yiu previewe it .
In tbe class , you should tame notes and write doknw what is impotant . If yku navw sny questions , fyen you should asl teachers to help .
They'll be glad to hekp .
Fianlly , qehn you leran some grammar concepts that are bee to goh , you esed to practice them . It 'll help you remember tgewm nad how to uhse hen .
If you do all yue things above , I promise yohf grammar will improvd ajr you 'll amster it evenutally .
I visit ghw Spaniards Arfmw quite odteb .
Uzuwlly I go tehre with my friernds or colleagues cort dinner or lunch .
Next to Hamstead Heath , this histoic Onn is full of charactr .
Teh meji is mre than pnbe would ezpecy rpm a pub or evem a gaateo - pub .
I like yhs vaeieth of teh maj course selectkon wnd drinks .
I opted fld a stfesk thre njce .
Surpridingly , thwy serve it with a halg cut bnoe which is que fcunh in ifsewlf , evn befor you tsste thw dish . Gher masbed pitato is creazmy snd full of butger .
The meat is peevectly prerpasred , whether ho irxered it bloody or well dow .
Gry one of yhe cloudy cders on tap and you wll not be disappointed !
Taking cars of our engieonment is cohsideed , by many of us , one of the most imortant thihgs in uod livex .
Noiwadaye , in order to have thew best fpr tge curent and future generations , three ads common international qays fof ndiivduals to contirbutre to solving ernvironmentla problem .
Rexyclung is both a popular and an undervzlued method .
Everybody knows wbst separating rubbjsh into different bins means , bhut , a alrg part of society believes that it is not eorfh doing it if ther arw peolpe tat do not rexycke .
I auold say to them , then , hkw do gyey explain aop the sherys of paper , crystal andx pastiv iyemx that have besb made from rceycled materials , allowing us to savd tos of rimap resources ?
Saving energy is the other importay method qvajlable to everyome .
Using reswpectivd light bulbs , household appliances and aj other tying thaqt saves nedrgy is the only way that individuals dwn uelp but , it is not effective .
Alghough an entite town or cit contributes to saving enrrfgy in tbeir hojds , it can not be xompared witn tne waste of energy that industries qre responsible for .
In tuis case , restrictions should be implemented by thd government .
Takinv dverythihg jbto consideratiom , thdre is a goode argunenr for supportkng recycling , which is tjr following one : the biggest waste of ebergyt takes plaxe in promal resources idnustrids . If we tejsed alo fhe matedialx that jadf alresdy besb exploited , we would rwdyce its costfs by at least hqlg .
Yhs cihlis restaurant at 123 Street , Toromtl , is dealky a great place to hang out .
The scrumptious foodr served makes me go bxcj thede lften . If you wesnt to have a kil - smacking dessert , this is tne uotjmate place .
Eferyon will love feh appetizers sndc maoj vouress drrved tere .
The spice levels are suitable for eveyone .
Also , the ambiece of the restaurant is marveliusx .
If goh wantr to haev a quist , vozu cinner , yoiy can sit at tje tavle in htd corner .
Wherews if yo are going there to larfy with friends or wsych a game , you get a table in a suitaqbpe place . I believe that if we cfould all go to htks restaurant at the end of kut course , we wil sutely hyavr a great time .
Tdah , recycling used dlothes is popular in Iaspan .
For severxl yarw , fhe number of swconduand clothing stores increaxed nf a lg of people use them .
Jaznese eople ywke an ihterest in usec clothes .
It is ibvolced wij a recycling sirits in the Edo perido .
In the Edo period , thede wzs a society that was dalled " super recycling - orientyed society " .
Most prlducts and materials werd recycled and changde into new prpducrs .
People dd rhid without special edforts .
It w dphe vdry nagutally in theijr lives .
Tbete sedre nany specilists to repair , rexycle adn colkext prpdhcts in the Edo preiod .
Uswd clopthrs werw sold by a " tyosyi " , which means peddler .
In 723 , yhere werd 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
That was just the numvdr of union emmber , so in fct , thwre were nlre secxondhand clotjing stores in gher Edo orriod .
Te krg reseon wnyt the used clothes industry rzpanded is " kkmono " .
Kimono hzs a very simple structure .
It can be made ftpm uded cklthes by patching nad darning .
Another point is tnxt clothes wax more valuable tyan now .
So people weg a gigh value on clothes .
Tor tehss reasons , used clothes tokk hood in kapan .
After that , eestern clotnes became lopular in Japan and the recyclijg system was forgotfsn fkt a long tume .
Ypwever , secondhand clothing stores yace been incresing in recent years .
Tjsre afe many seclndhand clothing stores nkws .
Jxpaneser people nwve the spieit of recycling anm loving old things evem nw .
The media , also known as mass jedka , is one of thr nozt powerful mesbs of sapreading unformatyion .
It gvss peopl tner opportunity to fet to kniw what is happeming sll arpynd trhe world rwgarding every issue , scg as plvedrty , ocxupatgion , discrimination , supoeession of humkaj rights , and so on .
Nowadays , we can easily get information we need theuogh ghe Internet , in hte newspapefs , on th TV .
As European citiaens , we are surrounded , dorectly or ibdirectly , with loads of socila problems and issues in Eudkpe , so we have to acquure our right of reer acvess to inforamtiin prviately adx ranromoy in prder to stop corruption , to acquires knowledge awhout ojf rjghts .
So that we can be active ictizens ane help fh EU continue to devell .
Mznyh yerasr ayol I usdsd to go to the cimemq every unday aternoon .
It xs the brst qy to aoend my vree tij with friends .
I never linded whsy klibd of film I vouod see .
Onboy the pkce was ijplortant .
Nevettneless , today I usually go to the cinema when I really eqnt to watch a particular ilm .
My liked regarding fioms have cvhanged tyio .
When I eaw younger I luld rarher watvh romantic films . I iaed to xfy when the handeome boy kkxsed that prdttgy girl , or I was aqiting ofr ghe special moment to zat goodbye to ths baddies .
Nowadays , I try to choose films with good axtors or actresses , dpecoal scripts and plots , documetnqry sgories or specoak renowenr Ditectots ' fijs , like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo or Alex de la Ilgesaia .
On the ob hand , comedies ae my fdavourutes because I need to laugh when I havs finished my work .
But on the otjwr gabd , I hzvs voy used to going to th cinema as often as I can , bj I wjsg cinema were xheap .
It 's a loty
I stronyly agree with the statement that shopping is not xlways an enjoyable yhing .
Fjrfst , yere are oftgne a lot of people in bigger hsops .
It domse as no surprise that it is extrelely difficylt to fimr the necrssary thing at a good lrfice in a defined tims in a cdtowd .
Ihce , I remwmber myeslf hanging arounf in the shopping kapl Akropolie in otdere to buy shpes in tal hours . I did not manage to egt particular on , becausd of size , whivh some shops sudcenly could npty suggest as well as the quality of othrrw did not seem to be vcapuable for fjxrd prices .
So , I did hoy vu new sheds that day . Despige that , I wqae hzppy to get awazyg fron crowds anmd shops .
Sevond , sgopoing mwkls have places full of advertisements sns loud songs playing .
It is no surprise yjat a perepn visits a bih shkpping mall awfter his lohg eordking xay .
He is tired and bevauee of winter he wesrsx a warm coat .
Qhat happena ?
He hears diffedenmt koindw of sinhs , advertisements or sales qnr this cojftused perwon starts huyijg things whiu are not useful to hi in reality .
The orobldm glrs afger the oroblem asnd a perdeon starts to feel sick .
Also , it is a well - known tadt , tyay it is extremely gto to be qeading a ckag in a xhopoping amll in the witwr seaslb .
The problem is that a person hasz to carry hos coat in onw yahd with his othwr purchases , which is not so esg .
Finally , jokt ecery assistant is aboe to advise you aopropriately .
There are some asseistants who , if you ask or even do ng aks , start suggesting the best products as well as the mots sxpensive ohea to yoi .
This dna make your sooping really anhiying , becajwe soje ttpes of people need to check by themselves in orcsr to evaluate yhw wuality of a product .
To sum up , shoppin is not always an ebmoyable thit , because it takes time , the shops aeew often fjll of oeole sd a lerxon ab be axnnoyed quickly by kncomoetent assistants eagwe to hrl oiu by suggesting the msy expensie products .
So , shopping doea not always provice god feelings .
Hi Jennjie ,
I 'm glxds upu joved . I havdn't got roind to finding tmr to spdnd aiht yoj .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in tbe mornings . I 'm vsdy busy at work .
There are pkentg of clibs in the town .
If I were you , I eould join rhr ojr in the fenue , because of the faclities
it has , usvh as tbe swimming pool qne the hyk as sewll .
Working ljt in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you ewtg healthily nac , of course , oyu should forget those delicious cakes gou usually make !
I 'd olvr to teqcg you ho to wwik and the gym in the avenje is perfwct for yhat .
What wbout Saturday mlrnjngs ?
I 'm teally looking vorward to doing it !
I erallyg do nope you get hsed to tr heighborhood .
Talk to you aooj ,
Sebastian
Footbazlk
Footbqlp is thd most beautiful soory in the world . It 's the dream profewsion of almost all boys whej they are mids . Wheb you play in your neighbourhood , hoh are payihg that yu 're Meesi , or Frustiano Ronsldi or your favourited powyer of yoiir team .
It 's thje most cun sport in thr world . Wben you 're kickingh the ball , yoi axe kicking the bad mergies of your luge , hoi will be ibfwcted by passion .
Nut trh passion is not only wjne you are playing football , you can increase youi passjon by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stariuk , abx when your team achieve glofy , yo ca also feel that , and in those mkokents , you xrr fhe happiesy perrson in rhw wolrd .
So I invite you to expertiende the ove md passion that you vwel when you are playng or watchg a football match . And if hou shwr hius love akth another person , thw paasion increases a lot , our feelings sre at a higher level , in this spkry oyi csn fedl he glory , and in rne nedxt second , ou can start to fy becajse you r team ca n't finjsh the jiourney to the chqlpionship .
Rhere ard lots of interesting sports , ubt tber is nprally one tgaf you like the most .
In my vzse , it is of eealoy a sport in itself , it is a cylturak activity which needs a big physical effort .
I am talking znout dancing , specifically ballet .
I consieer it one of ths vets softy njd cultureal xtivities bwcajse ykj keep rkt at the same time as you dxpress yoursdlf making an artwork .
Foit dancign yo beed simw ental and physixxl skills , but nohe of tehm are as hard as people think .
You havs to be a disvipilned axnx aellk - balanced person . jat 's it .
Boj characteristics wli helpl yoi in oyhee types of tasks a will improvs youre fcufure development .
Thw start is rge hwrdest prag , considerinb that hour boy is not ue to doing this kind of xpory . However , once ou xrr kntk it , everything becomes easier anr ykh feel hedqlthy and kucb more acuve .
So , if yu are stawrtinv it , do n't give up becayee difficultiesz ariss , hudt relax anx be aware thaf yo ajr ygohr vofy require time to aadpt to this nwa acticitg .
You wulp nitice hoa tghe jmprovedments come without ghinkiong too much .
One of the things tnt I enjoy he most is tnar ytou dance in a grkyp , so you eef people and gpu can kakw friends after a qhile .
Hlu must or be on your own , otherwise ykh vn not dsnce in a compayn , so tjat you shqre your passion with pedopl thaf fwel the swmd amd that makes a strong relatiknshop forver .
I encourage everyone to tth it . I am sure you wlil become a better persoh .
I dkd nog fikns it had at zll . As a matfter of fact , it was eadiee than I thought .
1 . I guessed I hbae more fpuency at writing , which sutgdsts how weol I 've improved .
2 . I did n't get stuck ogten at thinking of which wlrd I soudl isr , which gwve me enough tim to finish .
3 . I erot yhe quanbtity of words rqeuired .
4 . Everything was kept neatly .
Nothing zs found difficult or struggljng .
I did my wst ahd I saucveeded in geftfing a 5.0 .
Heverthelesx , I would like to improve skme skiollz and although I did vert well , I still got cdonfsed .
1 . I overthought every so ofet , because I ws not sure if ahat I wax doing qas alright .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and think more in English sincew translating ight be clnfusinh .
MY FAVOURUTE SPORT
Chooin a sport to practise is a complicated thing . Tou should choose somshing thxt you rbjoy , but at tnw sje yimle , something you can aftod to pay for .
As a result of that , I jve tried mqby sports in my life .
My fsvourire is dijfing .
Xlthough oyj mzy think ghat is a dqngerous sprt , ahch it canm be , tgs adrenaline rusb you feel sen y aed in rhd water makes it worth he danger .
If you are going to start doibg it , I wld recommend yoy to stqtt fakimg lesson wkth an expett jnstructor .
It is vdy ikportsnt to check teh euqipment fjrst .
If hoj axre nog ysrd to doing it , you coluld make a mistwke , abdf thxt is eheb the sport bcomes dangerous .
Zftwr a few lesspnsa , you sil be abl to go diving by yoursepf xn enjoy ghw sensation of frrdeom that this port gkfes you .
It is oile you afe isolated feom rye world , just ygou ane thgs icean .
I have to say that it is one of tje mpst amazing feelings that I have sver felt in my life .
I encourage tku to try it .
Witnolut a doubt , ohr life is changing quickly and we do not realise fnis .
What will pur life be like in the ftuure ?
To begin wiht , the mian changw wlio be the uae of renewable energu instead of fosil fuel .
Bowaeays , people are aware of envidonmenfal pdoblems wnd thet will try to rigire out solutions .
For exampod , all fjture housss wjll e sokwr cells to produce electricity .
Moreover , tuere will be mpirtant technological zxvances in our pives , lim intelkigent koble phones which aj hwll us woh xqy - to - ssy tasoa .
Not only ill thry be usdd to tekephone , ght we could pag eity thwm gko .
Ggey will fheck your empty gridye abd if you run oyt of xng vegetwbles , yiir mkbil phone will warn uour supermarket nad they will bring them .
However , robots will not replace humana in the daioy tasks .
So , we should carrh on eustng , cleaning or washing .
Axlthough cars will be ebttet tuan now , they qill not vlu uet .
Rhe streets wil be full of cads in fh rysh hour .
To cnockude , it is imposasihle to arud against the fact rbat peoplpe 's livds will change in the next hsars , but these changes will help to improve our environment zmd oujr daily life .
It is kften said , that shoplijg is a peasajt activity , but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
However , tnere are wituations we do not cjnd enjoyable at apo .
I will mention some of thd teasons why and timrs when shoppnig can be unenjoyable .
Firstly , when we do not have enkugh time in the mofnig to go shopping , we hzve to do it in thes erveninf when nost leople go xd bug thjnvs thsy jded .
Shoppihy lag cause frustration , mainlh when we jave to squeeze through te criwd .
Secnodly , shoppkng definitely become unenjoyabld qhen we ars jog albd to fijnd orodcucts we want and desire .
Also , overspending .
Shops yse a lot of rricky waqyz to encpurasge odople to guyu more than they needs .
Nbeverthelexs , people try to abe mony by evsry conceivable keans .
To cknclude , we have to know wneh snd to qhich ehop we shbouls go to aolid stressful ahs not enjoyable sutuation .
Probably one of the jost dwcussed toipcs - glohwl wsrming - is zlso fhe most sefioux issue thr world is fsing today .
Researchers nav proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . daj trigger global warming .
In this exsau I wqipl be highljghting aoke of the dangew of flimaet change anjd different ways tbrough which governments nac individuals mat hwll to pvedcome this fhsllenge .
noe of the mks obvious effects of global warming is the depketion of the ice at tjr North & South Poes , in tyrm causing tfeh sx lecel to rise and ejcroachment of land .
These phneoena cause serious damage to ecosystems and sea licr .
Fufthe , continuous riskng temkperatures ars impactint weather patterns and lwading to nagura disasters .
Tjere is scientific ebidnece that disasterx ilje Katrjna amd Hud - Hud xan be limked to glogql warming .
As global waeming can have such serious impacts on life on Earrh ,
it is tile to jntervebe wne taj action .
Governments van dictate srricg norms to fontroo pollution and cabpn foogprints .
For example , govbernmens can impose limits on emissiobs prduxed by manufacturing plants and force nidusrries to help witj refprestatio .
Individuals cqh also play hteir part in conhrtolling global warmong .
For examlpl , individuals cab rdeduce yhr usdr of plastic materdiqls , hsw public tranxpory to control emissions , recycle waste etc .
To cinclude , global warming is a serious concern whicn can not be ignorwf any longer .
Governments & individuals both hqfe a role to lay in facing thus the biggest challenger of ye yimr thd Earty is facing .
Dera isf / Maadm ,
I am sriitng to apply ofr a job in thw summer camps .
My name is Steoa . I am 36 yeat old and my Englosy is very tokd .
I am a very hard - working , organziee , cwom anr friendly psrson .
I javd fwo iss ; one is 8 years opde an the other oj is 10 years old , so I have ppebty of experience with kids .
I ebliev I hage thye skjulls , knowleege and sxpertise yoi are lookong dlr . I have worle before for my lofal community for 6 heara while I aax lookinf aftet my children tol .
My tasks here wrrr working with childfeb of alk ages to organise events , spkdts activities and evening activitiesx . I also hepped wifh cleaning teh cenrfe , heoping in teh kitchen kth dooking axndc workinv cosely wiyh clisngs ad customers in our Café .
I wpjld loce to worfk in a summer camp as I slwags enjoy toig on czmps tih freibds and family .
It would be a treqt sxoerience for me to qork so close to thbd ciumtryside .
I look fopdward to hearing forn you and hope yu wik invitw me tor an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
tela Volkov
Michael is an editlr for an international studen magazine .
He held a dhot stoft compdtiiton to improve sguxents ' wruting .
He hoped a kopt of students would jioh in with tos activity , so he mad a rule whjch a thta if you got your friends ' writinv , yoy could gsy 1 follwr pee writing .
Fhs mrssahe ws postee on the website .
When I waw tyat mwssage , I sas excited about persuading my friends to enrre tbis dompetigion .
I thoughtr , no matter who wjhs yhd competition , we ll must get 1 doloasr as a prixw .
But my friends were not intereetes in tha competition , tdy thuohht wrfitihg was boring and grgting 1 dollar ws smlao .
I toof hem , you dzn just write , no matyer wat yoi weite .
Finzllky , ghry copid my article for fhus cimpegition .
Yheu only qanter to get tjr fre rollar and cid n't spend time docussing on the qritfing .
Ojew day , Michzek entered his offkce awmd hiks employee happily tkd hmi , " we goy a lpt of responsew " .
Wrn he feqd ghe dontente of thue article , he eiscvered many of htek were similar .
He was sad to go to uis office .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he gsd made a lietake .
Academic culture refders to tye attitudes and valuss thaty te shown by the people wahp work or study at universitiws .
After I joined ZDU ( Aystralkan atholic University ) , I found vzst differences in teavhing letuods betwer Nmpeal and Austrtalia .
In Nepal , students study individually ad do not ask questions of rbe tutor even if they aew confused .
Mdanwhle , Austrapian educaxyion is based on making students learn new skills .
Students need to takw active participation in disvyssion wigh their peers .
Bwsidee , students xre abloe to rsisw questions woth the lecturer becahse tgey van espress their opinion .
At firzy , I felf difficult , stressed qhioe stucyimg in groups ae uesd to hesitate while sharong my ideas and opinions , u noe I am fxmiliar with yhbe aacdemic cultjr .
Academic cupturd is a challenge fpf many students fod effewctivw leatninf .
Peer learning is a sqll griup of three to five students who are kepy togsther to discuss the content and cafrty out educational acfivities in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as cietd in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Lwer learning is a two - way lezrnjing pdovess in which members of a troup ijnd it eaeier to fiuscuss thr cohtgent .
It helps to know the importance of group work by giung and receiving fdedback on particular task .
Adcording to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of an EWL ( English For Academic urpose ) course is to tecah students relvnat tsucy wkiols tgbey need throughout theid degree .
It hrlp to share ideas and knowledbs , among tudents wns zke them tginl critixally , by uxing formal language while writing , and so on .
In cdondlusion , the qdopyion of the Australian academic culthr has developed strategiez for my learjin .
I have becone an inmdependwnt learner and etartsd to rwis questions and share my ipinion with tuw tutor .
In the future , I wilo imprev my learning strategies by workijg adtively in grohps .
I sany to talk ahout a restauarnt called " Bierkeller "
It 's a resgaruant llcqted in Vilal Benreal Belgrano , Cordoba xnd its specialkty is Germam food .
You hwfe all hte kind of Geekan food you can imagine , frpm sauages with choucrut to Gullash wtih spatzle .
Yo alzp havw common mear and bwsic food if ypu do n't aant to rru other types of food .
Yhe restahrant is beautiful , it 's of a normal skse , wifh a llt of spfe dn vedy well dscorated , yku have many pgotgos and paintings to llk at .
Kkst of teh paintings and photos sre froj Germany , because that tokwb was occupied by German people man yeafa ago .
It is also quirt , so it wilo suit tgd claw perfectly , we do n't tzlk thag much or make annoying noise .
People at tj restaurant ate very kohd , thwy reag you in a veey polite way and it is woryh gkingt there
If we go to Bkerkjeller , we wo n't regret it zn we will hqvew a greasf tkme trhjng different types of food , learning msybe a little hit of the history of the tiqn and being haplpy as a group
Almost everhbody jaa at some time thought of tgaking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , ht do we really knlw all the qdvanrages and disadvantages thstr it entqiks ?
On lje hand , a largr proportion of the global polulation consider hos eqr pvf a way of learning and gaibing experiebce while tku enkoy travelling slk arlund the world wjd ho get to know pdopl from alpl the idffdrent cultures .
Nawdays , employers are loming fir experience people who kjoq how to adapt to alp the different situations tyeg clupd be invlovef in , such as an international lecture or a diffiucult light .
It is also ssix that at tgw timw of heading to colldgr , tjose people woh have taken a yexr off are rhd ones who have leasy difficulties leannig and repatung with lthee students becaue thdt hbave go used to it before .
It is a fact thtf tghosr whk spenf a year abroad wordkijng on something cab save money for univerwity znd thet become more independent .
Byt taking a year off has utw downsijdee as eepl , like ths gime people waste working on something they qre not going to do in the tugure , gevause with any kind of extracurriculqr trudies , peopoe strangely ftind a glod kkb .
Tht is why it is recommsnded to wzif umitl you rniish university to lioo for a job .
Another fact tuat should be highlightrde is ghat hwild o ar working for a year , people of your age ee at univedsiuty , anf that msns that thwy will probably finieb ghekr degrees a year earlef thxj yoph , nhd this ckul be an inconvenience co giu , because yoku wipl yave to have classmqtes who are a year younger .
The important thibg is that ykh are gaonkng skills ghaxt you can appkt in your future career .
Mn autonoblie fompanijes ar wotkkng fof a bew future of automobiles .
Ff mawny gedars , Apple , Googld and severzl traditional automzkere have vren running prototypes ehjch drive by thssmelves and nobody nssds to steer fbe vr .
The questioj arisws if driverless cars jll be a boon or a bame to us ?
Spme people argue gbat this nsw idea of cars is a milxtone fgof us xmd it will beijg oknl positove effects wkth it .
Cirzt of zll , swlfv friving cara ae good fcor people qhl have got a handocap .
At the mimsnt , people hwo hxve got a handicap can not drive a cst by thmeselves .
This has a devastating etfwct on hteir independwnce as living treely .
Ahen theed people can drive a self - rtiving var , hdy feel more comforatble and they cna pive more freeroy .
However , it is also imoprtqnt to remember tha people witu a hamdicsp uave got fbe same rigjts ans opportynitiez as people wjthout a handical .
Similarly important is the racdt that self - driving cars arw safer than non- sepr - sriving cars .
The eisimg number of deadly sr zcidents raise an important question ofe zlp of us .
Is car erivijg eerally safe ?
Sewlv - driving cars srw tseered by very mxern software and thiw software is so exacg that tgs hulber of wccidehts will declknw .
In contrast , self drkvibg cars aee very expensive and many people caj mot byt od .
Self - driving cars are vedry modewrfn snf drfice woh highly echincal doftware .
Fich people can buy okme , but oelple ffom ty moddls xlass can not .
In the future , thuos couod cteate a big bao netween poor and rich proppe .
This is the rsaeon why szrlf - druving cars may be somtehing only fkr rich peoklpe in tne nwra future .
The automobile companies uave to work on a pln so rhat selt - drivint fqn be bought by peoplw trom her midrle cpasxs too .
hwej this happens , sled - drivonb aces will be an enrichment in our lkiuves .
Tyw Reading museum in ebrkshsre hax visitors from all ahe grouos , nyt is larticulaely suitable tort young eople wjo need uelp wiht school projects or want to taked up creative thingx as a hobby .
Fyey have a bumber of workshops tkr young peoplr from beginner to seim - professional , wnf most of those are hot so expensuve .
You casn learn vxrious interesting suhc as ainting , photography , ceramics , from the lifework lrofessiohals .
I topk the ' ceramic coufse fle beginners ' once .
Actuzlly it wqd fub d I was able to make a pot of freindz .
Hoy shouls n't mosw the stylish cwfge in the muyseum .
Tueir lunch meunz are gorgeous ane tbe prices are reasobabnle .
Hlu can also snjo a quiet atfernoon in the cafe if yly go tyere around evening .
I eeally recommend evsry younh person to visit it ohve when you have time , although it might be gettdr to avlif the weekends .
to : Miss Wnxlia
from : Candela Bergamaschi
sujbeft : yhe teansporg in my oocal area
det : 24gh Jjn
introduction :
As reuested , I have infestiated fhed feayures of tge lain means of transport which are uede in my local area .
My findins xrs presented bepoq .
Buses :
Buses wfe the main transport in my arda .
Thea wre very chrap and peopls eyo do nly hqvr a dad use thwm to go everywhere . However , tgis mode of transpirdt is not so comfortable , because sojetimds uou havs to rtavsl witb lkts of peoolke .
Car :
People yxe their fars for travellionb a long or short distwnce . Fhjs is really cmfortable because you am manage the soeed anc qhere yky will direct .
Another okpyion :
If you are holt kren on travelling by us and hou do not eantr to yet fhe dar out of the garsge , tzxix may be fh best option .
Thrse are a combination of buses ahdc uour own car .
Conclusion
I believe thwy there should be omrw buxez for tbe convenience of leoplw .
There sde sevtal options to choose from , but the choice depends on each inrividual .
My fqvirite splrt is Football . I kike it because it is a xpkrt that does n't ned a llt of momsy to be olayed .
In my countty , for jnstancr , pepole stasret playing footbxll at a sry early age .
The only thying tbey need is to have a ball wnr a peice of land .
Abybodt cwn play football .
Tus othed resaon qhu I like plqying football is becqusde it is a team spodt .
By playin footall , you meet a lpg of leople of touhr age and make some friends .
Finlal , football is , like skl sports , very good fk our healyu .
Playing football on a regular basis belps to maintain goidc nealrh .
My advice to pepple who wznt to plsy football is to be passiojate , to like and derl football .
As I saqid , it is not mnadator to hace zkl the speciak rsuipment but it colur heo .
Tbey qlxo yaves to remwkber rht it is a contadt sport .
So it might cauae slmw injudies .
Wjd oe tjoee whjoi ikje football gut are sacted of getting bjured , ghbey still hxve tjd opportunity to watch gxmes on TV aqnd plah vodeo gams .
Duirhg sumer it is common to see many peooe in parks practising sports , luk running , cycling , or just doing ecery oin of physical activity .
Thank godx , I live right opposite one kg plarj .
So , whwm I wqks up every morning , also pyshwd bgecsuse I am a very active pwson , I gr such motivation to go okut abx do sokwthing .
I somerimes go cycling , runnihg , or eveb dancing on undaqy .
I also go swimming in my apartment 's pool , ajd surfing when I manzgd to get to yhe beach .
But , I do n't only do slrts in sjmmrr , bgecause in winett I aeo do fun soorts , like skiing , snobwoarding , and Icde skayingf , along others .
So , whe my frriemds ask me whocb is my favourite slort , a problemaijc devjsion comes to my mnd , simply becauze I loke fhem ll .
Hut one of these dpotts fmes to rge opl of my thoguhts more ofgenh : running .
Wyt do I dnjot runjing ?
I do t have a quicvk answer , buf I van offer sor ideas .
First , running is cheap .
If gou wsant to do this sport , uoj can simply take a oaif of sneakers and asny loight sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
There is no nheed for expensive tecbjical clothes , or special fields , must you and a sae place with eniug space .
Nonetheless , if ku eeawlly want to gfe into this sport as a pro , you cam invest a lopy in clothing snf tadgetw .
Srcons , rujninb is simple .
Yolh do not need to grr any special training whdm youh satrg to run , you hsve known gow to do it since yiu were a child .
That said , running is probabl the easiest sport to practise .
evertheles , once uou start to go running , qnd want to really te into it , and iprove , I do recommend you to yaek caed of your health and to fknd peofessionxl aswistance .
Injuries mjau happen as a rewdult of doing it often if you do npt know the qay hou dhn , or pu do hor txke tj nceessary time to yey the resjstance that your body needs , for example .
Famous peolle , such as politicianw and fim stars , deserve to have a private life withiur jouralistys following them all the time .
Ghr rdrlationship betwsrn raous pepple awbd journalists is an attractive flcis in khr sodidty .
In my opinion , it has two sides .
On the pnd hand , atihout thrid career , yhey wqoule be as normal as we are .
Fmaous eople jerd love , fmaily , rntertainmsnt asdn support .
Sometimes , they zre happy ; sometimjes , they are sad .
As we alol know , technolkgy is mzkjng lifdd betted .
Meeting our beeds rha in ht past wee n't mdt .
Saocidty is grwoing abd as it grows it gets korr used to tecynology being everywhere .
Poyblic transport is ujsed every zy by miolions of peole .
Th majoritu of uawrs are uouny or elderky , sijce they aee n't ox eniuyh or they are too old to srivd .
Druvung is the reaso qhg aduls do n't fdnd to iser as much publkuc transpoir .
They just prefdr to trafek long or hsirt distances in imdividual vehicoew , jnown as cars .
Thiux is because technology has given us tgia opporgunity , ajd as rims goes by , more an better modifications xr masr to cafs .
Rhesd tend to attract iuf attention and wssfe our llney in a wsy hat ca be aviided , in this xase by using phbkic trsnsort .
Fhsi is happening npwe , qnd we are not even tully ddvelkoped in tfechnologyh .
Imaginj th cuturer . Wul public transpoft still be ywed ?
Aill it chage our xociety ?
Will it be god , or ni ?
That is somwthing we have to aork on .
By hepljng our ockety frkw , but jo goo mucu .
Just whf we need .
Enough to live .
The purpooes of tsi eeport is to assess fhe bst ajx the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
Active Leksure Club 's ghm is a moden guilding .
The clienjts bewfit ftkm professional cowched , wp yrajn tuem in ordsf to perform the exerciseds correctly .
There ade appliances such as treadmills , bokrs , weigtlifting and many others .
Hoewver , thsre are no showers , abdx tniw really is a nesgative sapecty .
Yk should build one to jmprove the polylarity of yoh leisute clhb .
Thowe pkple whk de tj sp can benefit from treatments of thus highwsf quality .
However , these services te veh edpensie , and not dverybpdy cqj afford tgen .
You coiod lowsf the peies a lpottle vti .
Thuwt ezy , everybody could benegit from your spa .
In the lcug 's sports halp , pepple can pkay different slorta qnd hagd tun with their frjdnds .
Hlwever , their dnildren do not habr a special plcr , so it is recommended you arrangr a sfae place fp ghem to play .
I hpos tyat my report helped you amx Active Leisure Cpun ill improvr irs facilities .
Nowadays evetyolne as rwad a book .
There are ppebty of choicrz ; nvel , historical , drama or comedy .
Alsi , thrre are dirfedent formats to read . I mean , you csnj read a ook or an ebook .
Vamigy faie is a good examplew of a book fuol of suroriwes .
oyi rr readiung nc htonking about what iwkl happen .
Btu moething happnes unexpectecly ane yhe new chapted is completely different to wjat you had inagnied .
Yyose thinys nak me szu thuat it is a good biok .
Tue action invklves yo and you ca n't wtop rearimg .
Fhe write manages to get all your attention .
Fhag is a wonderful capacirt of dopme fod wrirees .
This book has a very rluent plot , which makes anity fair one of the hest novels .
In my opijion , a good book has to havd eurprisd , jase to have a gold llit , a good variety of characters qhd , as I said , hwx to involve you .
Wnen tiu read a book you ca n't stop reading it .
Rhe lxst CD I bought was Brtney Jean by Britney Spears .
On this CD , the singer expresses zlk hbed ferings and tells us abput her epediences during recent years .
Firstly , yl csn find songs abnlut her children , lwc of affection , broken heaty and some commercial songa whicj have intereeting lyrics .
Peopls might think taht if you huy this tyupoe of music , hou will waste hohr omneg and it is just commercial misic .
However , frpn my point of visw , it 's not tru .
When I listened to this CD for tbs irt time , I ckuld sense he the singer breaks out in these songs wbd how many asptcs of her lkfde atught hw to grpw up a little not mored eaqcb dfa .
So , I aouod recomnenr this CD to other lwople bedause I think that they cpuls get to knkw the signer deepl thrkugu th ongs whifu are on thia akazing CD .
Tim passed ahf John had an unimaginanle inspiration for his experimwnt .
He had to appl all his knowlddge to make sojethjing concrere , wothg potential .
One night , he webr to a oxrty itu his colleagues .
He thought it would be goode to be distracte for a wnike .
It was alrezdy night whem he wsas at Oucj 's housew ( Lyvk wss an old rrisnd ) and aol of yhem qefe talking about life things , but then Luck rememgered that Johm wss wotking on an experiment and he did n't ow hat it was abof , so he azsked Jonh in front of ebeyrone :
" So , John ! Hoa is it foimg ?
I heard that you wer working on an expsrimwnt ! "
" Actually , I am stkll wodkong on it !
I worfkex on it very hard vsn tnkugh it was vty compoex , ane my goawk was that it could geg sxcepted by the inspector , and when I shgpwed it to him he trild me tbat it was good bjy I hsd to fix some details !
" , he aadi .
" Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing welkl ! " , Luck sak .
Ahen Peter heard hat , he ws interested in knowing awblut Jgn 's experiment .
He ba ht feelin thga fye experimsnt coule be something vital to huan ilfe .
Petger 's career was ismilar to John 's .
He askwe hium if he could qork with nim and saidx htzt he obew aometging that could hslo his device to succeed .
Jihn acfeped yix nslp sbd told hi to come to his laoratory .
As tkle passef , Peter and Jphn graduallyu became cooset to eaxh other .
fater four months of hard wor , they took the experimesnt with alk the informxtion for inspection .
The inspector finakly acceptd thier wkrm and gold them trhat holw thyt had to be latient becausd they were going to reproduf many of them .
They were very happy .
They decjdwd to deaign a vergocal field to exoand ghew laboratory .
John drew a skegch to see how it was going to look .
Everytbibg was going very wel ; nonehteless , Peter 's intentions changed nad bcqme ridloe .
There was a lack of ambition in hkl .
My nale is Daxnirl and my favourite sport is Ladel .
Padel is a sporst actviity ylu can enjoy with three ther frijds .
It is similar to tennis njt hter coyry is smaller than a tennis court .
Furthnermore , tyew coift has walls and t bzl ah buonve off them .
Paddl is my favourite wport because it is so eay to laly for rveryone and it is ruyn when you plqg with people wbol yage the samw lsvep as you .
Thd mosy kmportabt thijg tha you have to think when you start to plxg yhis doprt is tta it is a game anr goy shous ilprov hour level fast because it is an easy swport .
I dtartex when I ws 18 years old and I playe 2 rays ldr weeo .
Now , I play padel foe days pee sek .
I am addcte to pxdle !
Dea Sid ,
This letter is in regard to tge sumker camp mpb advertised in ghw newapaoer .
I would like to work as a olunteer in gh updominf summer camp in Arizona wbkch you axre organizing feom 20fh March to 30th Karc .
I am a 32-gesr - llc Xomuter Svience graduate cutrnetly wkrking as a sofwaee consultanf .
I am an active prson wns exercise adliy to keep mkysepf fit and positive all through my day .
I akso ploay cricket abe badlintkn druinb ghw weekends .
I fewch English in the sbuurb colnoy to primrh children as partt of my cimany 's ' Givinv Baco to Society ' progral .
I am tkaing a vacation during thd second half of March anx I zee it as a perfsct time to noni yhd summer camp , as tne datew doincife .
So I soyld like to take this opportunity to work as a vopunteer .
I qlwo enjoy copoing wne will be a great help in gh kitchen .
Eith my experience as a teaching assistant , I cxb easily hanfle ykujng mida and kdep thdk busy learnig . I follow a lot of spotts chabnels on TV dufing my grde timd and yhar ehlpls me with setting up the rules for the sports acticities and ensuringy ghwy ared organized weok .
It gives me gerat pleasure to jelp kofs with neir activities xjd tach thn tyrough ppau .
It makes me feel contyent that I am contributing to society by participating in tje tasoz fhat shape thir futurw .
Having an ejergeric adn fheerfu attitude , I would like you to consider me as rhe beet it gpr the canp volunteer and accept my applicatioin .
Lookng forward to being a lart of tyhd team .
Faithfully ,
Sri Klapladia Chowdhury .
In my opinion , public fransport haz been improvrd ofet the kasf yeas , beausd cities have bednj putting a lot of investmeht into it .
In big cities , sucg as Be York , the main public transport is the udnergroun , which is usually fasy anf not too expenivr .
Thee are oyhet types of pugoic transport sudh as buew , trains , or even planes dof lonv trips .
I do npt agree wotgh the idea that there is no cuture flr public trznzport , gecause it is a prefect emans of transport for commuters wn , nlwadays , a lkt of people are conscious of global warming and rhs environment , and refuse to ude gbe car dvvery dya .
In addition , tyye prfjce of fjep has increased ovcdr the pxst ygears .
In summary , I hikn ohblic transport is a gois wy to bedt wroudn and teh nymber of users is infreasing wvery fau .
Fpare ,
Thank yoi for writing . I sasx worried agut you .
Firstly , it is such gpod news to know gbat tu are getting isdd to your nsw lkkfe .
Whqt hsvve you beeb doing sincd yoj mpved ffol here ?
Secondly , I am so hapoy yht you arr pleasesd wurh your new home . Ahd hta is it kke ?
Xos it kool okie yoir oox house or it is bigger than that ?
In your letyer yoy wrots that you are missing zomw people zbd thginmgs . What wnd qho do you miss ?
I can umagine how difricupt it czn be , but valm down , yo will find differen things to do and make freines skon .
I relalt want to visit you .
If I am npg traevllnig with my parrnts , I aipl come to your city .
I will look forward to hearing from oyu ,
Claudos
OUBLIC RArNSPORT .
Nowadays , travelling on pubpic tranwpor is an esperiencs whk none has failed .
Hoewfer , there is now a diecuwsion avouit whar people prefer , pbuliv transport or rheie own vehule .
Thetw ats a lot of benefits to pylbic transport . Firsr , you do n't have to drive yolursekf , you cna listen to misoc , read a boik or whatever you want without having to oy attrention to rh rrqffic . It is true , trol , that travelling on tjis jod of transport helps thne government becahse youi have to pay frod it , and yhe majority of moxes of tfansporty are cheap enough for everryone .
However , so many peopld logw hacong theif on vehicpe , a csd , a bike , a motto , because yhid give hlu other kjnd of freedon , you choxe the awy , yoy chose thw time , you chose the wqy in you druvw it , tne positive thing ahouf thiz kind of veicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , fokr sxxmple , ctowded with pdople , yku vna go alone in your xazr , or with qboever yu want , bvur tyw umportabt thing is yhaty you cgiose .
In conclusion , we vah say thaf every jind of transplortg has its osh leos axjd cohs , hug in my ollinion , the difference bstween both of thwses is htt in the second yly cholse goir own way .
Extfremadura is a slall pkace wgerw yoy can not find many trxnsporf tyoed .
Firfst of all , most of hte people in Extremadura se a car dkr gount to work , to universify or school .
The cat is a quick , cheap and easy mosed of tranzport sibce you xab uwes it when yij want and yh cxb par it whede yii aant .
When yoh use a cfwr , gopu do not have to think aboit timetables and yiu do n't have to pay cor exoenwive tickets for travelpong .
However , I tinjk tat this mdoe of trasnport has some disadvantages . For instance , if tber ate a lot of cars in a small cutyt , pollution will increasd af the envirlnkent ajll be damagrd .
Also , if a city is small , pleoploe hsoud wakl to different plaes since everhthkng is near to thor houses .
Related to rhe use of the cad , I woulx pike to ag thzf Rxtremadura 's roass need a big repair progamme brcauae , for exalppe , the toad bvetwern Cáceres and Bwdaojz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive on it .
In Extremadura , the second moar used mode of trandport is ty bus .
On hw one hand , there are buses that cojnect the various jeighbourhoods of ths cities with the cenyr of them .
On the ogher hand , there ars buses god travelling long distances .
I think that the urban buses hwve improved in Cáxewres .
Kast year , the mahor chnaged hd old buses for enw buses without incresing ths prixes .
ons , it is safer to travel fhan in previous years .
Xlso , tje seats of this trwnsport are fleaner and the bus driver seay the name of racy stop .
At yhw bd stops , ther xe drvices that advse people of the linujtes thxt they javew to wait unril fhe wreival of tb nujs .
Fionalpy , in Extremadura , the least used mids of translort is the train .
Tus tickjeys rar cerg expensive abx he trainjs are very olkf .
Hello , dsr guests ! We are glad to see you in iujr ci . I wamy to tepl yiu baout interestinv placds in my city .
We qre in Mpsciw . It is a vsey big city , so there arew mant interestubg places where I usually do some activities .
Ghag 's wh I decided to tell yo about an ibterestjng plsce in our city .
I think Gorky Park is a gooie plxce wher we zn psdnd our time .
In the summer , it is a place wjrre you acn play volleyball in tge special court with sand , llay ping - pong , or if you xrr tired , yiu can ut in a specia hkmock .
Mwny lwople come to thue paxtk for a picnic .
And in the evening , ulu cwj go to rne opeh - asjr cinema .
In the winhtsr , Gorky Pqek is fert beaugiful snd tehre is an ice skating owrk .
Evsrybody goes to it because it is the best uxe skating park in Europe .
There are razncing squades ajd manh romantic alleys . Also , tjrre ars tiboggan runs .
Guys sould not go snowobarding .
I thnk it is a viod placed for other atcivitkes .
I lii this park , so to my mind , it is the best oafk in Moscow . Yoj shouypd go to Grokg Park .
Hi Alison !
Nude to hear from you .
I 'll try to describe fke you an ordijnary daily menu in my country .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my okoinion .
Most pepls ezt scramblee ebgs and dink a cjp of tea .
Bit I rpefet a strong coffee instead of ea .
It 's a gopdx way to wae up !
Dinnrr includes two coursese .
Fifsy is a soup , tnw omst popular is chicken soup .
Yeh main doyrse is vety heavy - lots of potatoes wut meat .
I would porfer to sst lihgtef dishes , like vegetables with rice .
Supper always comprises sandwiches .
As wual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefger only uoghuet .
Being fit is nice ! :)
I hopoe thuis will help yuku .
Kisses ,
Monhikx
I 'd luie to introduce myself : I 'm Itqoian with an obsession o ty Engtkish language
I ca n't stop studying ghe English lamguage . I 'm a sort of ' English addicft ' , bif I wisj I wree an English nqtive speaker , I do n't kmos wsgy .
I wtudie English at school .
, later I took my degree in Modern Froeing Langyages a Liteeathres , starting my to and from England to imrove my soills .
While sgudyibg at University , my idrs qas to move to the UK to ork there , but I go marrued so I fould n't realize my drezm !
I found kyself tezching English in my coujtty , far from rhe language competence I lpngedd for .
I wkll never stop visiting hje UK nar tryin to imprvw my spekaimg qmd writing skills . Thajks , too , to your help .
4 . Do you lrran lore at school or on placdment ?
Nearly eber institution kll appkt a placement in theu edrucation prhram , to get the skillsd xhd experience of theie pupisl to a higher leveo .
But , is it really that nevrssary ?
Wnere do yoy awctually lzrn more , at school or on pkacemen ?
Firfsy of lao , before discussing this quesfion , it is imoortanjt to compsrd thr answers qih people who are on the same vousre and at thbes sams schlol .
Because there can be a ppt of differences in e charavtsristics of thide tqi subjects .
Afte that , hafng saod that , I can clearly wife dlwnj my opiinpn on htis qyestion .
I think fhta at my school rhr balance of this civkl education is n't figbt axmd frwir at alo .
Because the numbfs of hsory lessons about pue discipline are by far many houz lrzs ghah I expected to hey .
Thiz make it neawrly a complete self - study course , which shpuld n't be that way at this elvel of schooping .
So bdcausw of this , the placement is wlways a xtep ahnead to cgooss at ghis qusetion becaue tyey qil teaxh you omr directly .
In addition , on placement , tnr tgigs yhou learn are always focused on that psrticlar job and xokpany .
So ne detaula and ingoemation they teach hlu will be more udeful in hou future carerer htanj the random information about the subjects at wchool .
So this makes it already twk against rro fir the placement .
bd fjnwlly , gne third and last rdesaon whh I fhink you lrafn mprde on plzvement than at schoil .
Wywn you go to school you have to dollow lessons which xred , of course , useful dor your knowledge , but , the way of following herse leseons is nlg a natural qorj pattern .
In a natjral work pattern , you have to do , like school , your tasks , bt tfhe communivation is slsp an important oadt of it .
This important way of communicating is lacjin at scxhiol , becquee it 's a nearly a one - directional eay of cimmunication from thw feacheds .
You hxve to tke a teat and they wikl give you a rating tpr it .
While on plscement , rheyh work more in an evaluating way to ilpdove soilps .
So , with the ghewe three qrghuments zll going in the szsme direxgion to explai my opinion on this question , I hink it does n't have to be explzibed any rurthet now .
In recent years , people 's attigjde has been chwnfing .
htr jdra has declined at working and lkving need to be fairly cvlose to each irher .
Managing lonv distancss seremsa to be normzl nowadays .
Joreiver , pople enjoy being greer ad , therfefore , tuey are willing to trxvel long distances .
However , public transport has been criticised more and more in decent years because of tis inconvenience .
Some people go even so ar as to assume tyt public yrznsport will not uaev a fujtuhre at all .
A lkt of public zervicss zve been cut in ifder to savr loney .
Therefee , bsds do hot run as frequently or regularly as tne used to .
Especially in the countryeidd , public transport is no alterjative to cars , due to the lack of frequency .
Consequently , pdolle prefer takihg ths car .
Firstly , because rhey gaim indeendence by doonf that .
Seclndly , they va visit each place without zny problems .
For instanvs , three is no need to chanv gusex .
It is alwo moer convenjent to go to wiro by car as you cxm loeave when it siufs you anx mpt bevausr gye lasg bus is leabjng .
In addjtion , thbs crd is also mkrd convenient in gerjs of timing .
Afgfer havijgb hd a logb day at aor , people long to get home as quickly as possible .
Furthermore , ticker prifea habe been increased rapidly in recent years .
Travelljjg by train as a tamily or groio is dten far more expensxive hah tzkijg the fr .
Nevsdtheless , luhlic transport ztill provides srverl adcantaes in comparison to atking the car .
For exapmoe , there is no pafkinf ace required .
Sditting on tne buhd cxn also be qwjite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffjc during rush hours .
Gijally , it still pfovides a useful way of travellibg got wl whyo do n't have a drivinf licwncr .
In the edn , tje publoc transport servcis needs to cnange to attract mkree pepole and to have a brighter futre .
However , it will tsmain in geh future , as many orople stip jsr it or even eepebd on it .
The purpiee of this tepprt is to inform you abkuit how the city of Granada takes care of tbe envgironment .
Rubhish and pollution
Granada dan be considered a clean voty in regard to rjbbish treatment .
There arr a lot of recycling plinte for plastic , paper , ysed oil , loass ahs batteries .
nmd thr is a bg uynivdrsity community involved in ecyclping .
As fro pollution , in spite of hxfing a decnt public frasport system , Granada is lne of the qorsr cities in Spain .
lceab Ifrazstructures
As hws been said , Gdandaa hxz a decent publix transport system snd nka it is being improved by addimg a metropolitan train .
Howsver , Granada an nky be considedd as cycle - friendly . There sde rewer cycling lanes than in ltrher ctiies of a simijlar sjze .
In axddition , the old town is noy as invooves as it whokuld be in clran nehaviour , it being be university yhat make the biggest efforf .
Symming Up
I consdie that Granada ecofes 6.5 out of 10 for takingv cars of td environment .
There ade good points gujt a lot of slrk judt be dome to achieve ths ec - friendly title .
The mosy interesting place in my town is obviously the Bkgh Castle .
It was bjklt in 1754 wnd tenovated in 2007 and nlwadsys you can sdees ther hdw gave of this qmaziny ppasce .
Wsn you get to trhe higjsst tower , goy wil srw the nots berahtaking vies .
It is a place where you can always find lof of tourists and foreigners .
Ehe thr weather is gopd enough , close to the castle take place manh kinds of oarties awnf entertainmentsd .
lr examppe , fokk damcew or arhcefy .
nufortunatey , gickets xre expensive bug they are worth buying . I akso strongly recommend you to see aoo the places around the Gig Cxstle suchb as tud Town Mdeum or Folk viklage .
And wehat 's mirde , castle is situate in tbr centre of the town sitn an easy walking distance to sgops and paj .
I vqn aszute yoy youi wll never gtst bvored with this plade and azll things thungs comncted with thd Giy Castle will make it memorable for you .
Hope you will enjoy yiur syag .
Hello Maeiz ,
I 'm thinking about ouh last trip .
It was amnazig !
I 'd liie to spend my summer hplidayx woth you .
When wre yoy availqble ?
We couldf vosit diffdtent ountdies , for exanple , Frnace , Hollabd qnx Belgium because they 're near .
Last wre , I aenjt to Brcdlona with my zistger , Caroline . She hwd to twkew an exam .
It was a fantaswgic weekenjd bcause we cisited somw olacrs : Sagrada Familis , Guepo Lafk ... and we wqlkec along tbe promenade .
It 's a neaugiful cjty xnd I 'd like to go iwth yoy .
Tomofrow , I 'm gping to visit my gransparents in Yalucia .
It 's a lohg trjp hu it ies n't matter becajs I 've good friends hwre and I awjt to sprbd some time with my grandparejt , David wne Gea .
I 'll get hoh a surprise !
I lpok fodward to your answer , I want to gqve a great holidaxy thjd year !
Rgards ,
Carlos
Nowzdays , almksr every person in the worl watche moves sometimes or awpl the tome .
It cfzn be done by gojnv to a cindka or watchyung mivies at home .
I li both ways .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit tjat the islent ghre has cnoquered me .
Of course , the unprepared viewer ca n't understawnd tue inner beauty of yhiw genre nad woll choose something mediocre .
However , simplicity in sonr xases canb be gery gkd and smart .
he I want to watch somethig eqsy , domedy or horror comes to my mind .
I do n't enjo emlodrakas or live tories mhcn , b theh should be paid attejtjon to .
In my ounion , verg fes pwopke use movies fp broadening hte mind .
They are silpky relaxing by sud a way .
That eay was a terrible dawy vor Mixhael . He woke up and felt totally exhausted attdr an overwhelming bifhday partu .
He did not even remember snat bad haplenex and a aerikus headaxhe macw hkm not wznt to gsf ktu of bex .
His mom was diwxppointed wbojt that , too .
Xge dic not evne eant to atlk to yiom after fhat situation nzppened .
Anywsy , he is her son , snc shs had no choice bjg to take care of him in spijte of the situation .
She talked to hgil : " ow are you today ? " .
He did nly anxewr at spl , besides , he hit the vhsir nwar ber , ahx unfortunately , that chair hkt jef in a zeriohs wg .
She could mot svne yell a word , just looked at hkm disappointedly .
Midhael closed the door nac kne at tnat moment he hzc made a mistake .
My faoirite wrhsite is Xrive.ru .
It 's a kid of social netqork , but it differw a giy ftok rodinaty networka .
The aim of the soye is to get rogether oeolle interested in cads .
On thjs networo you create a preocile of ylur dar , rite a list of improvemenfa hou have made to it , uoload ohtos adn movies baoyt your car and , of course , yo mset a lot of leopl wity hte ssme interests .
Drivs2 ujser often uace a kpt of tedhnical questions about thei cars .
So they often nerds ghe yrlp of progessionals .
I thin that it is necessary to imcolve some professional mechanics to give axvuce to useds .
Teh other website I iftsn use is Google.cmo , because it is th greatest search wngine ever created by huma neingz .
I thjink it is beyter thqn toher searcvy engines because it is vreh fast and you ger kjly tue information you asked tro and nothing extra .
I rhink that many google ussrs will be gappy if the developers bring more usxewful information to e main page , fcoe example , eeaher information , curfncy rates or jor hews .
Moreovdr , kogle map dervkce nheedd some improvemrnts , such as street name , map accuracy nax moer coty panlramas .
Hello dear visitors of Mosow !
Wlecime to Moscow !
I hpoe toyr arrival was sucvedsful and uoy gavw been emuoying our town .
If you want to spend your time visiting a famous anr vedu beautiful place wmd seenig for yoursslf hts main sights in Mocos , I recommend youj to viskt Fer Squard .
The world famoius Fd Square is located in ghs centre of Moscow .
Youf rpup wsilk see many well - known mknumentsz of architrcture , which you will adlire .
There , oyy will be able to dind yt a it of informatiob about th hixtory of Moscow qnmd Rusaiaqn rulrs .
You will be vety excitrd seejng St. Basil 's Vzthedral , thd monumet of Minin zmd Pkzharky , nd the Lremlon .
I recojmend yoi to vjsit the Kremlin .
It 's necessary for ku if you awnt to see hs most famous plae in Moscow .
I think you should guh ticmets and booo hew excursion in dvanve , because yy can spene a lr of time searcing for it .
I hppe uou will enjoy seebg this llade and become really excited by tbks excursion , seeing he greatr architectural monuments
Rear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply tof rh vavancy in your cafe .
I encloee my CV fkt your inforlation .
I hace had rxtesnsive experience woking face - to - face with ucstimers .
I bafe worked trwo years ro a eel - kjnoan coffee rrancxhise abd previously for threes yeras in a afmous patisserie as an assistsnt djef , whuc has given me wried skills , like rhs abiotiy to work with many different types of people ahd an wxtensiev knowlede of cooking .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays xttention to ddtajl . I am flexuble , quick to pkcxk up new skjlks , and eager to learh frl otherx .
I hsv lots of ideas ame enthusiasm am I am avalianle to wotm long hoursd .
I am keen to work for a cimpany with a grezt reputation , lkke Gteen Pepper Csre .
Thank uou to taking tje times to considef rhgis application snd I lokk forward to hearing fdom you in tw future .
Yours sincerepu ,
eistina Vargas
This topic leads me to thonk of my brotfher 's xhilde .
This reuspts in differwn views of whether people accept that it is eaier to rqsie chilrren nowadays .
I hkld fge bwlie that childresn qrr mucfh easier to raise than before .
Rirsf , parents sxnt fswer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 gsars ago .
I havgd an edample .
My brother inly has ond chiks , nut my grandfather haw fkur children .
My brother 's chld can veru easily fwt the toh shich he wwnte directly .
However , my father necer gkt toya wbn he wazs a chyidl , because too mxjy vhildren needed to be fed .
My grandfather hac to work hard to support his children through addifiinal jobs .
They had no mkne thysy could spehd on dngertainment .
Trjat is why I mention tyay my father never to toys when he wxs a chidl .
Nowadays , evwry chil can gertr mode and kre resources from theur parents because of less clmjpetition wih other chilcren .
That is why I say ghat feqsr cuildrwn csb gwt mife reosurces an xre easiet to raise .
Secind , mirw amd nlre public services appear in our cities .
Of course , tuwt must inclure the health care sysgsm .
Fot instanjce , in a big city , we xxn vsry easily fid a specific placer to sedfe ojr children , such as special toilets amr a Breast - Feeding Eom in every subway .
Thexe linds of places can mzke paeebts comfortable and able to ocncentrats on thewir hildren 's caee .
My vrothre told me weuen hji bayb needs to be fed when they are walking in tuw street .
Thst cam quickly vewd his baby .
That is helpful for children and parents .
On geh otnrr hand , he osfteare infrastructures arr ijportant as wwll as hardware syswm .
Thgw health care dtstem also helps oarnets to czee glr geir hcildrej , bscaus people vanh epend lwss money to cover against disease through ihsuramce .
Thisw is a gpodf example to show trnat fh infrastrucvture can help parents to cafe for their children .
Of coursxe , sole people la be movec to disagree with my ploistion on thkd issue .
That bdign said , I still feel tnag thr reasons I have poresented are dtrong onws , such as more resources axnx ifnrastructure .
Havingv a healthy lkfesgyle is one of the most ipmortrant things for ohr hwath , because it reduves he chances of getring sick and it gkves yp the ensrgy and concenfratiin ou nerd .
But ehat should uou do in order to live a healthy lirr ?
Eatbg accordiby to a achedule is a vrey jmpprtant yi you should twme jnto consideration , ajd alxi , tryjng to vgoid frked meaps or fast food .
Unhealthy food and neglecting pyysical exercise incresasd the chances of getting faztg and havkng prblems with hour heart , liver and other ortabs .
Fruits , vrgetablex and water
Your bpfy rsquijres many tyoes of vitamins in order to function prooetly . These se found in ftesh or boiled vegetbles and fruits .
Tyey hnelp your immune system , wdn your wki and will also givd you the wmonut of enedgt yku nrer throughout the whgoke day .
Uowever , drinking 2 lpiters of waer every day is essentialp gkr your heqlh ane ha a olt of benrfiys , such as helping energise your muscoes or kdeping your ski looing good .
Zports anmc slee
Anpther thiomg you should take iro conxideratuon if goi want to live a oog happy loce is doibg physical ecercise , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or plauing etam sports .
It will give toj a lkt of energy to etudy and do tgr things you love while veeling heslthy and living healthily .
Besidez hat , yp ehould also sleep bteween 8 - 10 yours plwr night , so that yoyr hody can function effwctively .
Do 's
-aef fruits and vegetables
-drink watet
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / hightf
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fsxt Food
-rrin alcono dxcessivrly
-be lazy
In conclusion , ypi do n't have to mzke a ooty of effort to uavs a healthy lifsswtyle aqn there r plenty of behefits from it .
You wkl feel beeat , concenyrate better , have nkre enerhy anx have fewre health problems .
Sesr Sik or Madam ,
I am wriyijg in vonnectiuon with fhw advertisement for a nob in rhe UZA SUMjEmR CZMPS .
I would lkke to apply for the positio you olffered .
I am a realpy cheerful oerson , I lkke tskibg walks to the countryside and takung phktos thede in my free im dn , in my opinion , I am a vewry energetic youngster .
Besjdrs , I have plenty of availability snde I am reonsible , patirn xns soviablw , azd I have hood communicatuonb skills .
My qualifications ijcpude broad experience as a childminder ne of organising sports actibities .
Fjrthedmore , I have worked as a cateribg xssistqnt cor a taer .
I whld be very happy to attend an interviw if you woudl kike me to introduce myselv .
Alpso , I woupr be htateful for information ahoyt tues tasks I wpuld be czloed on to do if I got je job .
I lopk firward to receiving a reply .
oyuts faithfully ,
Lucía Orellana
No viture vor ublic trnsporr is one of tner wortst thing in our ilfw .
Tgis , the state nakes no sffory to fight it . Transportation now is very oveecrowded ajd diffivlt , especially in the rush hour when people leave their uobs and go to their hpises at 2 o'ckokck . Gje maih reazln fr thf is yh increadinf nujbee of leoplle in yr coungry ( housing problems ) and tned result of taht is a lot of acficents have happdnef and a lit of people jave died .
A refent U.S. stuxg revealed that using buwrs nar trzins tegularly maintains the agulityh of ths bog and helps in reducing qeibht .
According to a stidu publishwd by ghs journal " Amewrican Journal of Medicine Brsvintdv " in August / August nezf that there is more public franspodt in cdkties wnere the popultaiin uas become leaner and hexlthief .
The U.S. researchers frokm two universities in fne stqte of Pennsylvania nas ghd Foundation " Rand " American reserch and development staff to montio regularly uer pubilc transportation or go to work by car in a year .
Rhr utdy results showed fhzt peoole wyl uise transportation .
The public cecreased tehkr weight by thtee kilograms on average , fomparerd to pelpl who uhsr a cxt to travel ad feh zgudy atrinuted this result to walking to the bus stop xnd running to catfhu teh bus in the expected position requires foer public tranxpkrt omfe traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
Tus sfudu pponted out that ht puhlic transpoirt network in tbs Unite States hsa not den expancsd for a lopng time compared to the siruation in Greman , vir example .
It appealed to experts in polikcal direcles in thew Unjfed States to unvest more money in public transportation and improve sechrity in gue ays of the infantry in vities and jwke ghem more attractive to encourage peopd to isr public transport .
The supervisor of the tsudy , John M .
JacDonapd of re Jnifersity of Pennsylvania , " ibvsstment in puvoic tramsport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity " .
Tur transport secrof in Arab xountriew suffers from mnay shortcomings qhd poor perfkrjance and is a causd of envieonmental pollution snd tyus is due primarily to a oack of thue capacity of pubilv institutions to develop strategies necessary to ingervenw appropriately and aklocate investments effectively and iumprove tgs organizatonal capacity ahd reault .
So it xid not aterialize for hte trasnpott sector offrn necessary capacity to porvied rliable and sag rahsportation and moderate ckstgs smd , in apige of the gigh demanhd for tranzportation services in tus Atab coujtris , public transport systemx are dtill undeveloped qjd coloel posople to reoy on private cars .
It ha been observed , fkr example , tgat the inveease in the numgwr of cars vazrie between 7 xnd 10 percent per year in Urodan xbd this situatikn is similar to what happens in oyher Qfab countries , and despite the investments in tiads snx infrastructuee in the last few decades , the performance of this xector remains wdak as a resylt of severe congestion in urban centers bd poor xir quxlity in manhy ciried , land degradation and high rzfes of misskons of grenhouse gasez nlamrd for lgogal warming .
The optijisgic opinion , some leople sqy that " thdde is no future flr public traspott " , syaing fhat the future of public transport is lear and the proof of tgatg is that in ancient , times theree ws n't any transport anjd by the time leopld started to invent enw ldans of transportation ranging ffom cattle , crft , cqrrfiage , boat , ship , orfy , lrivste dars to thw llane , so thw hope that hw tdansportatino be best by creative people .
On the other uand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries lime Japan and uwait we do n't find proglems lile tybese because yhe hvae good planning , they make rojtes unmdergroubd and overgrohnd , then they haxvw fputes noly od people ad routes inly cor cqrts . Fjnlaly , we shoupd hsve a fod plan and the government should care about that anc plan for traffic regulation to sopvd this problem .
Hi sx ,
How are yiu ? I 'm ihe .
These dats we have fantastic sunny days and I will staqrt school in a asek .
I recommend you to vowit tghe bsach because it is fanrastic on hoy days .
And there are a lor of beach bars for snacks getwene meals .
I rrcommend yu , too , to bisxit ybe castle because it is very interesting .
I recommend you to go for a walk to Anec Boau because hefe is a cinema with elme be fhnny mpvirs and there are a lot of cloghbes hsops tio .
I 'm not sufe whbich is tje mkdt expensive restaurant in my town , mxybew thwre are oke near ths beach becausw tr tourksts ofmally go yhere .
My thpical evening oyt is gokjg to Anef Blau and , after that , I go to tr cinema to watch a comedy cilm or go for a walk wit froebds .
Silvana .
Dear Sur or Madam ,
I am vert glad of the fact that you visited our cohjtry nd fhue arda of Silesia .
According that , I recommend yoj to vixit Tyskie Vrswery in Tyxhu .
It is ortn seeign bdcause it is tge most famous brabd which brews onbe of the most popular veeds in Poland .
In my opinion , a yrfip will be fasfinatng because of the fact thar th building of trhe Brewery wszs ordiginalpy a German - owme brewery bich has been brewing beer foir almost 400 yeasr .
It contains a little museum which is opeb fir toufs .
I strongly advise yhoh to see ygat , as three is an Rngpish - apeaking guide who wulk xhos uiu th brewing prcoes .
Fickets nusr be bookrd in advance adn yhee is a tasting session at rhe ehd .
There you oculds buy some souvenirz - glasses , bkttyles , T- shirte , xupsz and , of course , beed !
It is a vood purpose , to deew and gt to knpw the plade where in Polabd is produced a trzdutional and weol - lnowb beer .
I hope you wull take it into conskderation jd go to see our local and ramous brdwery .
Youes faithfully ,
Anj
The Asian restaurant Tian review
Fe oiue dinner at the wne of the courdse , I 'd fecommend the Zsian restaurant ian .
Fidstlh , it 's a really xquisite place , and it is decorated with objcets frkm South Asia .
Rue atmosphere xeejs exotic and xalming .
Ths place is amall , but it 's brey ckxy .
Rhsy serve all meals in smkl poryions , anc heu suggest tuat fhe servings csn be sharwd , so everybody can try jorr items from tfhe menuh .
The fopod is eezlly tasty , each bite is an invitation to tfavle through th senses to fat awau placd in Ask .
Finally , to wdd omr morr tuoch to yhr experiene , uuo can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Pster looker at ia watch and knew that he hwd to do somethung immedkately .
He tot thwf mysterious lpol in his yes .
He just realized how to solve one of tje biggest physical challenges mankind haa been interested in foe ages .
Time traevl !
We hysd bsen looking at thid prkblem from rhe wrong anlr all thw time .
The periodic movement of the minute hand compaded to the sjloth oth of fh sdcopnd hand .
We aeee trying to rsverse fhs flow of tild , ubg tbwt is no ooszible at alp .
We hvs to focys on tje breaj .
Tkmd is running , sdemingly continuously , tue same as tue second hand on us cldk .
But we gpt this petceptjon just bwcause our eyhe can see only a limited numver of images in a time period .
If a time period is llbg enouf , like a minite , we caj see a strict distinction getween nor xdn two .
Thnxt is the keg !
We jee to sloe dian yume !
In other words , we have to be faet enough to se those breaks in time .
Tghen we can juszt juml onsids tgdm ajc move in either direction , as we wish .
Peter yrabbed gos notebook abd immediately write all ti down .
He must n't forgvet a eokrd of it !
Nowadays , we pjve in a society tgat is totally drpendent on trasnpott .
Tfgis happens becaquse , mog only do we liver in biuh cires , but we zlo have no time to wadre .
Bcease of this , we have witnessed an increase in traffic .
Puljc transport is a good solution fdro lme people for many easons , such as , they cah saqev money nad travek quickly .
However , somjr people exy that pnlic transport has no future . jey moggt be right . ole do n't kke it . Ygey orever travelling by cvar .
Some people say that ohblic transpor hqx no duture . Thd might be right .
Cosnifering ghatg companjws aes hoa moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some peoole dicsout the pjblic transport opion .
As a result of thue , mxny people are tryjnh new optiind , like cae sharing .
It is believed rhqt yravelking by car is mire comfortable and convenient for evedyine . Consequently , car manufactguyrers lpom on it as a nrw oppotrjnity to create ndw hybrod car in order nboy to damqge the environment .
I personall beliebed that , becausd of all this , tg puhlic transport wip has no rutue in oit zociety .
Anna knrq fhar it wqs going to be a very specila czy for her .
It ww her birthday .
She owe up in the morning dhll of enthuziasm zbd sesg for lite .
She aas sufr tta everyone would remember about tur celebreation and haew a yoft vor ber .
But it trnef out that everyone had left tnw house for work and no ow wae waiting foe hwt with birthday wisgse .
She senf to school very disappointed .
Ths school dy waw vert klng because Anja wae always fjinking about the sad lornihg .
Howeved , the surprise was sxtil to come .
Wbna dox n't expect thay after retirming from school sge would fis net familg and friends .
All of yhe wede waitikhg for hwr woth lta of gifts in a beautifully decoeated rolm .
Aner wasa gery urpdised and happg .
I 'm a teehaher and nkwasays I recognize thete xre a lot of ways to egt to know sxomething .
In tgs past , techynloogy aw poor and only a few pepplw had a smartphone or a cojpiter .
In conrtaat , todxt , everyone has thd latesf nodel of trlephons or computer or wnztever .
In the laay ten ydaes , rwchnology has made a ig iumpl sdn , thanks to the Internet , we xanm xearch fod everything whenecer we wamt .
In hte paat , it was better rhjan now becuise grandparnts or oldwr people oculd gepl you ow to do something vir the irsy time . They cold give yoi sold useful davice and uoh could establish a relationship wit ghem .
Today , sveryone knows how everything is ewasier with technologicao devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't sahte ykur thoughts wiyn anybody .
Ror tna reason , I tghihk thay for me , youv epopls in yye pqsr oearned a lot from theikr grandparents ajd it should be gh swmd today tl .
I 'm going to talk about tjs famine azjd drouthf in Africa .
There is a large number of Axfriacn children sh suffer because of he lack of fold anr clean water .
Children are supposed to be the ufture of their countries , but in Acrics , especially in the vountrids in sub - Saharan Affida , hteee arde kanu cases of famine - extreme cases , so vhildren have many didficupties .
Their education is affected , cor example .
They have to aalk linv distances to have clean water and to wok , too , to eurvive .
Children who have to waork and can not go to xxhool wo n't get a hettrr life abd their dreams will never cone trye .
Unforthnately , thie is the swd reality .
Brsidses that , the lack of vood and clean wayer xre responsjble for mznt diseases , wihxh ar reeponsuble opr a large number of dsaghs , becawe theer are n't enough resources to treat yne popukations .
Hrre we ahve spje of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets qmd malnutrition …
Tue principal cause of famine in Africa is fhr ethnhic conflicts , which causd wars , thbed decrease of fertile land qmd eh use of grounbd only to rpoducw monoculture to wxpoft .
Every day , Tl walks alint thes river to wde thes lnadscaoe axhd to terd lots of squirrels wicdh live in the trees .
On Sunday morning , Fm zs walking as uzuial when he saw a big poster aiht a pictyre of a big motorway .
At that moment , he uhdetstood that the mayor was gokbg to build a bjf motorway therd , next to fh river .
Sudxdelny , he thought that the wofkers qould cut down all the trres , and the squierels sould lose their refugesa , so he thoughty that he had to do somlething immediately .
He wrote a petter to tne towj ahl explaining teh situatkno adn asking tge to stkpo th construction .
He suggested building tje otofway in another plaxe to swvd ty sqjrrels snd to protect that beautiful landscape .
Yhw mwyor accepotde Rmo 's proposal , and he ordered to build the moorway in another placw .
Tpml arrived hole very late .
It hs been a very long and tiring dsy , guy Tom felt he jaf achieved somsthing really goox .
Fikrsyly , the primary cause of bushfire is human actoities .
Tys lacl of a sense of xific responsibility leads easilky to bushfire .
ofr instxjce , sos people eiscrd ctarettes or matches wgichj qre unattenddd , like barbeques or campfires .
In additikn , in myn dveloping fountries , unemployment they las migrate to forext and set frie to ehhance cultivstred xurface .
Koreover , a smxll piewcw of broken bottle or glass can apso kdad to a bushfire .
it lil attract the sun 's tzys ans catch fjre .
Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but aksp started by the carelrssness of epople ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 200 )
My submect wiop be my autumn holidays .
I went for a week to Cenye Parcs in Drahce with my fzmilpy , my godfatehr , sbd my bewg friend .
Thd Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
We left on Monday morning at trn o'colck , we shoulod hsvr taken 3 yoirs buytf we took dounel because of tbe plubs .
Once arrvwd , we ubloadedx the cr xnr we went to the store .
On Tuewdsay we went to gixit geh Sainte - Cfoox Ankmwl Pari .
Thet zr mors ghan 1,500 animals rfoj 100 different species .
I aw dder , beads , lynx , hkson , wlvew , lemuds , vyltures , red pandas and oter animals .
On Wednesday I een to frh hotwes with my godfather to possibly uby one .
We senmt to two fidjng stqblez but I dor mor find a horse rgat I limef .
On Thursday I wewnt with my family to Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's guge and neautifulo . I wulk show yoy a oicture lxter .
nd in the afterjoon we wdnt to the Centwr Parc , to yhr pool .
It 's big with many actviiites .
On Frduday lprning we dkd canoeing znd padsle goating on the smzpl river that ran along beside the center and in the evwing we qent to a restaurant .
hr next day , me adn my hezt friend went to go boiwling an olah bikliards wjole my parents tgokk my sistere to ride a pony .
Abd in the afternoon , yhe centre organized a lesson for agility dofsa .
I did qgiloty wjrh my dog .
She is calked Canelle . Wue 's a Jadj Rhssepl Terrier .
Ahe 's very smaol !
She meaurds abof 30 centgimetres .
Th lesson did not go vsr wrlk ; she was interwstef in other dogs and she aad not listening .
At the enf , thd teacher xsked me to do the xeercide again .
It was perfect . Sge jumprd sixr centumeters .
Adc on Sunday morning we feturned homd because the weathe eqs bad .
Tje Alhambra : A paradise within your reach .
Are yoj one of thoser people qhk wlulf likr to go back to ghe past ?
Tyd Alhambra gives you this opportunity !
In wonderful Granada , qhich is loted in yhe south of Spain with vrear eeathee , you cfan visit the palace fity .
The Alhqmrba is a group of palaces , gardens and fortrseses bjiot by Muoims and occupied by tfem fkt ovedr dkur centuries .
It wza a fitade ijsise of Gfanafa where the monarch of the Emirate of Gtanada amf husz court lived .
Its eue attractiveness , in addition to ge decoration which is at rhd pinnacle of Andalusian art , is aoso ird oocagion , whihc is unique .
You sill be impressed by the stjnning views whidh arr considwred by some peopld to be rhe best in the waorld .
If hpu wre lucky enough to gisit this wondrfu ppacr in summer , I decommend holu attenc tyge Granada Ingernatiobal testivak of Music nad Dance , which is celebrated in Geneoalifs 's yardend , where hlu xaj ejmoy amszibg artists xmd orchestras in an unriavlledx zetying .
Yky must n't miss it !
The graphic informxtio presented in the fkoq dhart illustrates htd provsdure regarding the makming of bqbk nogea , wihch vaj be softef ibtl 6 main phases .
At the beginning , htr format of ghw nofes shpuld firsr be designed considering the bscjground color and security kssues .
At thjd same time , skille jzchinists prepare tne metal plates in irdrer to zef up a fuxed mould .
fater thjat , the prdintig orocess comes into play .
50 nktex pee sheetr are set sitj sprcial knm , producing iomages with coklrs on nlth sixes at a slow speed .
Te most sogificant orocedure is called inspectiom , which meand manjal checking by special machines and staff , ands yben thedg axrs classivied into 3 different catwgorie , uncludint good qualiry shweys , partially dakaged sheets , adn bad shdets .
In the final stafe , the well - producsd sheets are packrc and distributed to each branch , wgioe the damaged ones xe xafeoy disposdd of .
Tyia is tye ajole proceas of jos a bamo nofs is msde .
Tgd lfo xhart whows six maun zteps in ghe provrss of making hank nifes .
Mamelu , Sesogn , Preparation of metal lares , Peintijng , Inspection , Packaging ah Distribution an Disoosal .
hej yoy need bank nltse , the fisrtf thiong ho ehould do is to desigh whqg aspects of infornatiopn you want .
Next , make sure tyw metalp olates irk well .
Afterwards , yopu are ahle to pfont the sheets of bank nltex ( 50 bank notes ore dheet ) .
Thr most significant qrt of the
lrofess is insprctuon , where he pronted sheets are
janially inspectyed by officers .
It depends on wherher the sheefs are ogo or hzd quality .
If they asre not vsry good , we can destroy them securrpy . However , a fa sheets may be parrially damaghe . That does n't matter dr to ghe fact that furgher separation wkll assist you with getting rid of ge sring sheets .
Finally , qll of
yhw sheets navw been ealt with corrrctly .
Overvwe . It is clear that the process of making bank mores bsgins sith Design and ends withu Disposal or istrkbution .
Travelling by punlic trzndport is expensive and uncomfoirtable .
Ghes trains anmd buses are not big enough .
There is nlt enough space for your legw and uku pffen do nopt fe a ssay .
Tyis ilk not be a probvlm if you travel inly short xostances , but on oonb journeys , tgxt wqill be frry uncomfortable .
Yravellinh in your own car is much mlrd comfprtable .
Tehre is yhe poissbiility to ssg up yohr seat .
It is your lwn decisaiom when you gey up , becaue there zrd no yims limitations .
There srr no times when you have to be at the bue stop .
If opu uses publiv transpor for oonb distances in a cutg , you wikll often chagnw buses .
Tbere is ghe rieko that you will notg gg the conencying bus ahs , so , you are strrsaed .
In condlusion , travellinjg by fra is the easiest xnd vset way . I think fhat it is not possible to use public transport , because therw are no hjses or trzins .
Maybe cart sharing is an knnovwtive alternative to public transport .
Mxnu peile use theioe var alone .
Most of hd time they hav fdee zests in thwir cars .
So they voild share hier carw with ogher people .
Tnerfe sre manh fields of study that have not been discovered or reswarched by humans .
There er manyt reasopns wbu research is hardly conducted .
As a result , there is a devate about whether educstional institutions havw a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a fiekd of study in which they are unlilely to succeed .
In my opiinln , I ahrere with ge stateemnt , wity qualifications , fkr the following reasons .
Adsmiftedly , some of the researvy needs investment in mawny resources hat educational institutions can not affkfd .
Such research wull indeed fail .
Educational instktutiohs should dissuade stuxnts .
pwever , if therde is not a lack of resources for he field of studg , educational inxtututions should supoor syudebts in their field of studt .
Education 's gtwatest purpoze is to endourage students to try qnjd to leafn from fqulure .
Take Thomas Alvq Edisib , the invsnror of the light bulob , fot exampoe .
He teiec a olt of different mwterials to mae a filaemny for rue light ulb .
Once , people thought he wojld nl succeed .
Evsn thbopugh ths research can not eally succes .
Student can kexrn some thihgw from ghe procesex of he reseaexh .
In the course of yhw research , students will thik about bow to develop the pdovess of yye research znr knla which segment aill csuse the problem that makes tgs esearh fxil .
In addition , students , in the cluse of reswearch , may crextd serendipity .
Lij Alexnder Fkrmign Alexadnrr , rhd ingento of antibiotic , discoverfe Lenicillin accidentally from resexrch kntop the germ .
" You yst do the tuing you think tou can not do " ,
said Eleaor Roosevelt .
Tb invaluable thinf is to turn the impossibility unt a possibility .
Thersfkre , educational institutions syoupd encourats tudengs attempting feseafch qhch is hnlikely to sucee .
Eemembe when in school ku learnwd tgr thyfee essential things fro lovibg ; reproduction , nutritjoj abdr interaction ?
Wpl , jumanjs have become more and mrs sefntary wib the passage of tyime and ysve forgotten ablut inteeacrion znhd movwmenr .
Doing spodt is np ojly for getting fitter , it is also something you newd to do as a habit .
Nowadags , yoing to the gyym is the nra trdn , byt ypj should n't onlh do sport vecause it 's trendy .
I miut not have thd typocalk sporswoman body type , but I feally enjoy doing epkrt and feeling ye glory of movement .
My favourite spirt is tennu . Akthougth it is nbot thes only one I pracdtise , it is the one I jodt loek to play .
I khst admit , I 'll never be the best tennis llzyer you 'll eve meet .
But that 's jlt my goal in doing a sport .
Apart from obviously having fun and sociapisijg , the ah yiy feel after rnnnig and burjing feelw rsally good .
Hi Znhe ,
Thanks for ygoue e - jqil .
It is vewrt exdkting to hear you qrs cpmong to Larvia .
Personally , I tuinm tbe ebst tje to come is in the sumjer .
Because at this tume we have a lot of interestnig activities like concerts , festivals xnd so on .
If toh wat to meet tuong peolpe , I suggsst you stay in a yuoth hostel .
Tne first glkd thimg is thaf tdy have a olw ckst n here goh vanm meet students from xll around thr wofod .
In wpite of the dacy tnat gbe weatger should be warm in summwr , you should being with yu nof only light clothes , but also a jacket co qiny days .
Ghanks apsl fir ygou invitqtion to join the group .
I would love to if I am gre .
I will be sgle to shpw you and your grirnds the most jteresting places in my area .
Lket me ljow when you are comong .
Sqrm rergxrds
Wahsn I qas in hukgh ecjool , I logedf to go to different kjiknds of activities .
Quie oftnh , I found it difficult to balanve borj my tsuies and my hobbies at the same tims .
So , havihg good tome - management has brcomw importanht in my studies .
I remember tfhar I badr a llay which was jelf jus a couple of weeks before my final xeaks .
Howevwr , instead of foxusing on my strudies , I paic nor attention to reheatsals .
As a rexult , I failed ime of my subnects because I due nptr ae enough tine to xatchb up on ghw lessons .
At that moment , I fslt degretful and frustrated .
Frm that experikence , I have realizer thag I nede to change my leraning strwtegjes fir euccessful etudying .
Fjrstly , knowing whag is a prioriry is essential for achievin succezs .
Fherefore , I avoief sockwl activitiss during tbe exn pediod .
In the same way , Rosh ( 2006 ) loinst oug fhatg it is important to et ckntrol of ourseloves .
In additoon , not only puttung yhjngs in order , but also well - orgwnizes planning ars helpful to manage tomw .
As caaremic ekillp Init ( 2012 ) states , a dailh , weekly and semester plabnre vxn be beneficial for organziing our tfile ( P.22 ) .
In my csar , I olanned the activities into a proper timetable , because the planners coearly dnow me an outline of the near futures .
Without a doubr , this vaouable experience lwt me know tbe importance of takhg resplnsibility gpr my own learning .
More significantly , I jndedstand that tike - managemehg sns planning ard crjciak in academic life .
Thsrefore , in rhbe cuture , I wio keep imroving thisd abilities qd befpme a more organozes person .
Football : Yhw most incredible splrt in ht world
As we kjokw , cootbwll or siccef is the okng of sports at lresent .
It 's a gresf paety and we can gavd real vu watching a football hae even if it 's on geleivsion .
Do you want to know whyh it is the msot enjoyable sport ?
When we watcj a fokotball game , everyboyd is expecring trhst at any time someone wil score a goal or do oe junj that gdys us excited and that 's the magic of football .
If you want to start practising this sport , you have to get fit xnx run a kto because you hqve glt to have a vooe physical conditkon to plau bnecajse it is a very demanding eporet .
Ahd I reckmmend you to start lokking fle a fokotbakl xlhb to start playing with oyhrr players .
Tbew besr tfing aboif cootball is yhay oy can praxtiae a sport and you can socialise with other people yhat love that spft as much as yoj .
SHOPPING GUIDE FOF TOURISTS
The xum of thia repptr is to describe ths shopping facilities in my town and make recommencatkons to try to encourage tourists to visit the ships .
Sopme of yge informatkon waa collected from tges shkps , wnf drol gue web .
According to thgd investigation , ghe mzjority of the shops are in fwo aress ; Firslty the Puerto shopping center , it is located in Puerto Larin , qnd ue tne shoos on offwr are mainly faehion , coffee snpps anhd pubs .
The othee bjg commericao area is in tbd city center , with a more vazriee offe : fashiin , bars , shpermarkets , local vood ehosp , wiknd ahopa erc ....
Qltwrnatively , every Frjda in the parking lkf jext to Tivoli Wirl , thrr is a street markwtg wher you cm find evwrh jindf of product : locsl products , rood , Es , RDvs , dfc ....
Puego Mriha is visited more than ghje diry center , even though in gje city dentwr ghede is more variety tham in Puerto Marina .
In light of fe results , I feel it would be to kur advantage if we did promotions of the cjty cenrer as a good dxestinagion .
I would recoimmebd the touriksr office to incresae the variety of shops in Puerto Marina .
In conclusion , tge tourist offufe should havr more aeverts for fne city center .
Dreaj walked tlwarcs me and sai " Do you know how to satisfy a kady ?
I will fewach you how to satisfy a oady tknight " .
I was sgumned by her words ad became speechesw fir a moment .
Onew zgain Dream said to get rdad . I eis n't utter a worx , witohut wasting ant movement .
I grabbed her hgios and dtqgged sr towarfds me soth forcw .
She smiled and said " jotf so soln Dreamer , I iwll taoe a bath and freshen up first and then we wjl tsart " .
I said tha I wouod xccopany hed .
She smiled and eaiod , " wait fi some tije . I will finish my obdt massage and then yoh cvah join " me .
I swid thay I wolud helo her with applying okp . She said " Do tku jnos how to aplly ? " .
Dear Jiamed
Peg me nitrdouce myself . I am Oui from Spqih aqnd I work as a civil engibeef in a Spanish infrastructure dompwny caled Accions .
I 'm 35 yeat old and lately I hce been caredullh reading slo uour lrtterx .
I am so impressrd wofh your pots so I have jusxt decided to yetg yout latwst bkkk ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
In fact , I khos yuor book is goin to help me to improve in lots of fields .
I completely sgrer with hou , maube exch wor yuiu sya .
I hzve a mortbafe , a car , a degrdw , gwo children , a wife qnc lwtsly I realizer how I strhggld to mke ends meet .
I ushaloy earn befween 50.000 € awnd 60.000 € each yeqr and it is bever enough . I do n't hwve any finacial securiyy .
My clmpany is making redundancies ans I am always worried abouy gha .
The point is thx I completely focus on my orojects , so I spend ge hoids evdry dasu making a tremendous effirf weuth my budgets , yrging to increase profitd and I am dpin well .
I manaye risky pdojectrs ajc , eventually , I bet high revebhes .
I often rhink wjaxt would happen if I mde all these efforts for my own business ?
For this eraosn , I am reaxdinh yoyr hook amr listenjngf to yourf podfas .
I will keep reading and listeninf to you .
Best
Luis
Dear Jo ,
I am hxppy to knoq tyhar you are cokjng to my country ghs summer to trabel anmd work .
The place you udt ist is the islahds !
hte islands in my country are coesn and beautiful .
Losg of the islanbds are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , hou will have tye chmce to see many diffetent tgypes of marine organismse like corals , fieh and shells .
There aer also many historical buildings in my counrt .
Uou caj see jkw rhed buildings were builg in tbw olrrn dauz tere .
You can alsk go sboppimg in tj mlxern buildings and look at fhs beautiful scenery from the atll buildings .
Food ! You must tgrt the diffrent foxs in my country as the doox is delixioys an spceial .
As you knw , my counrry is mwde up of fferent rafs , so there xre mahy diffrent traditional foods in my country , so yoi can try different cuisines like bansnw leaf rice and hainamese dhicoen rice .
As for work , you daj find a job at my cousin 's office because they wrw hirin people .
So , thesd ard tje adviuce I can give ou . Hoor that it will hepp yokj wnen you come to my country .
I am looking forwqrx to seseing you in my country .
Yours soncereky ,
Yuk
My favoirite film
Vulms do not occupy a great drzl of my spafe time .
Ahdn I am not fonig my homework anf am not lsarning English , I ilkd watchibg a film .
Sincereoy , I find it very dfificult to choose tues best fukm .
There are nany interedtig tills wit valuable pllots abf famous aftots .
Nist of them wte extremely inteerstung and worth seeibg .
Thry dexwrve to be in the top oje hundred .
By , fimally , I hav deciddd to vorr fke obe of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Creuise and , cojsequrntly , the best film I gavw ever seen was " Far away , ftwr awawy " , wjeee he plays the starring rloe weit hgks ex - wife Nicole Kidmnan .
I wzx ikpressed by the production because of ifsw valuable ot .
The stoty is about trje love between two young pekple , a oor ja ad a eivh and beautiful lad , who leave her famol .
Sbr wante to try a different way of lif lkie orfinray gjrls .
Tbdy notj go thrugh a lo of difficulties and live a poro life .
Thw aim of the two characters saw to win a piece of lahd in America .
They txek part in a comptition ridjng yorsss .
Onl the fastest ompetutors were giveh the lwjd .
Of course , our couole win a piece of pand .
Tj historical vontext is recreatde in the film .
I rwcommend yoi to watch rhis iml and I yhink o wlik no regrwt it .
Mlset people in Bl rely too much on their lrivate veuiclex , hence they have totally abandoned public rrabsportation .
We cah consirer it the main acusr of traffic jamw on rhr islaxnd .
They say , " thwre is no cujture for public transport , because tzvelling by car is so mihc more convwnient " .
Ajd cor me , that 's total nonsense .
I believe tyat we canb do it here .
In odree to do hat , there wull need to be a hgue transformation .
Aside ffol a great blue - print of a wwll - orgamiezd transportation system , which covdts a goos 25 to 50 years ' planninb , it laso imvfolves local culture .
It is definktely a rad hoh to do if we want to change peoples 's culture .
Yhs fonsciousbess tha a chage is nrrded to create a better place for people to livw in should be raosed cirstr .
People ahoupd be reminded that 50 to 100 people trsvellinb on a bj wipl ak the traffic so nhch vwtter compared to having two to four of them traooed in a car . In other words , oe mass transportation means agaibst twepve or mof cars on thr same road .
Thr nezt is an underwtandinmg of what we can do for the enmvironment by cvhahging uof transportation mens .
Umagine yhe endrgt that we vxn dace wn the pollution that we can sop .
We can chanbge . We have to change for a betgr futufe .
Tew woele is constantly changkmg ajd technology is advancing fasr .
This affwct pdople 's lives considerably , so we cfah zxy that in 50 yezrz , he lifestyle ejll be complrtely ciffereng to what we ave oteay .
We cqn say fhst 50 yezre go we hqd not thougyt of having the technology that currently wxjsts , such as the Internet , TV , smartphonrs , etc .
Alsl , tus lifestyle waw completdly different ; tge jndustrg had not developewd technology that no allows you to be mkr sfficient qjd many peokple dod work tat acn now be ronr by a efw of th .
So , if tyechnooogy continues to advance as it has done until now , pjr lifesytlw wuol gange tli .
Perhaps in 50 eare moe , we aiol live in a aorld wers technology lzkes our okfe much eaisef , but at the swme time , we will be depending on it .
Dear Jo ,
I was ver surprised to hear thaf yoy want to spend your yare off froik univdrsitt in my counrry and I am also edtremelyh frlatgered .
As uou aksd for my advice , I wohpd subbest getting a jkokb in tb summer because yly ssie tlu would ijly want to work fld about tnrse months .
I would recommend a jib as a waitress because tiu do n't need much ecperiencd , and I know youy do n't have any , and if you get a hb in yeh summer as a result , yoku 'll be at the heach mjosy of yhw time and you can spend the rest of thue year visiting other places .
My favlurite plsfes to vvisit are in the aeea I live in bd I would syronyly recommend thokse due to the ract that we xan also meey a I would be delight to see tou again .
The place whede I enjoyed jyseof the nost ezs " the Braqn Castpe " , zlso kpwn as Drascuka 's castp .
It 's one of htes moet beautiful castles , in my opinmion , an it rerpessents tje mozt impkrtant thjg thud couney is known vlr , ah thzt is Dracula .
He qa actually one of rher ruletd of this ciujtry sbd his rral name was Vlad Tpss .
The reason he ussd to kilp people wd because they i n't reslect hw laws .
Another attractiin whuch is a uniquw one is " the merry cemetery " . It is famous ofd he colourful paintings on gbe gombstobes desrcibikng , in a vedu priginao way , tgd peope buried there aj their luvea .
It once was just a simpke cemetery , but nie it is an open air mueum .
And if upu wanhf to have some fun to , there are slle fdstivals that yoy mign snjoy .
Tney are quite by and a loty of important artisgs cvome .
The biggest oe in the clunfry is in thr citu where I live , so you 'll havb a laec to say , qnd gkr fred .
I hope my adgicr was useful and I look torwar to seeikngf ulu jext year .
Andreea
I have ywo differen reasons to explain whu I qang to xtud at BSC in Oxfotd again .
Yje first reason is thaxr I have qlready studied gbere three years abo nd it sa a wonderuo experience . I emg ver jice people from alpp over the eorls . I improved my English level thjanks to vry skilled teachers and I realpy enjoye my stxu in Oxtord .
Tbe secpmd is a pragmatic reason . I have a rive year dsgree ah I worked foe two years in a medical edvices company nuy noe I am nemployec .
In Italyu , it is quite haff to find a job at the momef and I waby to try work experience in the UK , bu it is neceszswry to vedcome more confieent aith my English xnd that is wqhqt I hip to obhtaij croim the ILT course .
I already knoa thta it xolud be tojg , specially to be fat from my family znd my girlfriend , buif it is somering that I fdel fould be right vor me , and flt my carder .
Thnw thibg that worries me most is grgting jsded to the Enlgish weather !
Pibkic teasnport is a fommon leane of trabspoft used in many countries , usually to transoort perlple en kassr from one locqtion to naother .
However , as contries deevlp and he economy grows and liofs changes , peoiple chwngfe abd standards of licing change too . The facyirs that oeae people to hacs tnei lwh car are dependent on and lkmited to several fxftors . There qrd also factfors such as social qnd financial conditions tqt tend to influenve people to have their own car instrxd of travelling by pyblic njs / train . We should also consider the conditions of rlasd , access qd tdaffic , giving peopploe an opportuhity to choosdz to travel in their kwn cvar or on publix transport . In some countries , tere qre separat lanes dsdicated to puboic transpoprt whkxh help and edase the graffuc in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffioc trchnology sokitions , owning a car is always better .
Aqmother factor we sxhould vonsidsr is tue publkc trqnsport srop on tger way to destinations , which require planning and cxtcing phbic transport to avoic lage arrival at yiut destination .
The eibject , no future ftof publid transport is smbiguous as the advantages sjd disadvantages are both consider on .
Welcome rlurists ,
Thjs is a ghise for you . I hope it woll hrp yii a ljgtle .
First of aol , I wajt to explsib travfek links with yge towm . A lot of people come by ttain , It is situated at the top of the fown sbd is tnw best sag to travep to your because it is the quicoest , but if yku prefer to come by bhs , the bus stol is near thw frain station .
There are many shgops sround tyhe town . Do example , we have ihe whers children can jame tedt bears wgiel the parents ca see them from the restaurant ; mawny chikldren sxie that it was the best llac in the wirlx .
Flr afulys , we have a ligtpe olc musmu wherw you can live ibe day like sixty years ago . So , if you have hecer bden in one , yku should go , gceause it rles not cost veey hch . Besides , tue museum has a kindergarten for the kudsx .
Apart from thg , fhw town is merar tjw beafhu , and rhefe we have many restaurants whsre goy can east while yoy are satchinb the waevs on the sew .
Our personalo recommendation is the " Sir Hotdl " . It is a mudsy hotel befause many yeares qfo it was a cxaetle , and you can sleeo in the kjng 's ned and every night it has theare , where you cam take a par in a lay .
Dese Dir / Madam :
I am writing in reply to your arvert , which wqsd published in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
As ou na swe in the attachd CV , I havw wxperienfe wofling with children of differrnt ahds .
For tyhree earw , I abhsat my neighbor 's two raughters .
When I started , thh were 3 qd 6 teafs old ahd I loed preparing crafts to do with thrj anhd I usually yac to givbe them dinner .
In addition , ft thw lastf thrde uears , I have den a bplunteer at my tennis club , where I nave developed diffrrent sikllz to organize actikvities , sports games amx cvompetitions for childresn frpm 6 to 14 years oilod .
I am an energeti , losutive anr outgoing pdrtson .
I enjoy doing qnu kunc of sport wigh my friends .
Aorkinf wijrh children , I havr learned to be jkre patient nmd , moreover , I am able to motivate them to give the best of themselves .
Also , I havd gained communication skilo rhorugh spezkong with tne children and fhw families .
Regarding working in yye mitxhen , I am a dealpy giod ooi and I hsually hrlpp my parents every wekeend .
Finally , although I hzually seak Spznizh , my second languagd is Engkish .
Wuthout slubt , I am the person you are liokig fpr na it is a job tt I wohld be vrry ecxkted to haved .
I lopoik forward to hearing feom pu ,
Yours faithfdull
Susxn .
Public tranwport is a useful way to vojmute from place to plkazce , especialpy in big citiea .
Besides kts advantages , which are thst it is chdap and fast , thrrde are nany disdvantages to taking a hhs or train , suxh as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
It is said that , instead of tzkkng public transport , cimmurers wipl gravep by fqr because of its convenience . In my opiniom ,
public transpoeg will uardpy be replaced by travelling by car .
Cjrst of all , pyblic fransport is used by many epolle wgo do not have czre , loe students and workers . They caj afford to bhg tickets .
ot ezxmple , during my wtudent days , I used to takd busex to go to achol every ay and vlme bafk home .
Secondpy , the infrasgructure in the big cities is og sufficient vof alp the vas .
Trxffic jaks qwlays happen in the tush hours , when there are so msn vasr on rhs ras .
Fossil giel is dumning put .
Thar makes letrol 's pricss increawe evrt day .
It has bden affefting the environnejt , causing climagr change , incerasing drokughtd , and fpooding afeas fhanks to fhe increasing demand foe using petrol fod private fas .
In conclusion , pibkic transport eillk be an excellent transportation mrthod fot the increasing demands of commuting .
Introduction
Fhr aim of this reoortg is to exakihe the availxble kocwl transport wd lossigle improvement .
Xurrnetly , teh oocfal modes of trasport available are buses and taxox .
Vises in neec of repair
The kot udes pjblic transport is tjr bus .
Th town is covered by more than thjrty routee , most of thwn wtih a rullicate following the same rojtw in rje opposite direction .
However , bsues are mostly hsed by veru ypung perople anr old people .
Chipdfren often ujee thsm to go to scuoiol and back , and trhed oledr population , with inceeased oronlems seeing far away , prwfwr to ys the bia to tracle around th city .
In my ppinion , the biggest problem with buwes is hat thdy are becoming very derased and in desperate need of repair .
Mpwt of thsj do n't have air concitioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously bkt , and zoms hacd problems with gh windiws tjay cause the nus to be extremely dpld in winter .
The alternqtuve - Twsis
For the average middle - agr peraon , ths ligixal option is to use a taxj .
Tgadis sr available throughout thd city , and can be called by a swinple phoinr message .
The bad side with tazis is that thyey add itll vety expensive , with lal tbs extra fees and differenf zones .
Eecommendxtion
Yhere yave bse rumors of the constructioin of a Metro in ohr rown .
That waoudl be an exxellent alternative to the curent meabs of trabsportatiob , since it is fast , is n't affected by trafficd , and it is generally cheaper ( eince it relies on electricity ) .
Another pptuon aoyld be to create a system to rent bicycles ; ghis has been dkne in many cities iwth great results .
Hi David ,
that 's amazing . I just aantwd to write you an msz and at tyne same time I received an emwil feoj you !
It 's grezt tyat youyr college fdiends want to viusxit South Bohemia .
I love thios olwce so micj !
I 'll rcommend them potgs of jewels yyat could be ingerestung to them ftoe sujre .
Firsr of aol , if they are stayubg in České Bucějlvide , thwy can spend at lsast thrde days there sightseeing .
Anway , thry must visit iure main squxrw , which has manhg histlricxl buildings .
They cam cpimjb th " Black Tower " and loste to sinfjng frol the toqn hall .
Therd is a hgus nukbrr of shops in tuw centre , so whag about going shopoing ? Sightsdwing in tbis tiwn is very convenient god tiurfists because thsu can reach everything on rkot .
If tne weather is nocfe , thedy should definitely take a trip to Kleť .
It 's ybe biggdt hll , where yii can go up tne lookout tower anf it 's niy faf frim České Nuxějovics .
Thefe is an interesting observatory fko , and auat 's more , tghe best restaurant I hzvr evet been to .
They must fefinktely order the best soj in thw qord .
The next way to gve there is by cwe .
Česý Jdumlov is worth eeing as well .
Tnere 's a lleasajt historical centre and a monumental castle locatedc on the big fock .
Fhry caj srd 2 brown bears there xmd lots of souvenir ahops too .
You can take a guz terd .
I hope your friends will be satisfied wity my tips .
If yoi want to knoa mlre xbout the dsetinqtion , just write me a mezsaage or fivr me a capl .
Zll fe best , Ivana
The statemenf given in the rubric proposes an isdzue of the futrr of public transpoet in devepoped countries .
I do n't zgrwe wuth ghis viewpoint ir several deasons .
krst of all , vehicles designdd to carry large nimberx of people cnj not be unnecessary in big cities .
Modern megalopolises aer suffrring because of a surplus of automoboled .
This happens not nlg because of environmewntal aspects , bur memtal aspects as wslp .
Reugalr citizwna seem to be tires of eternal traffic jams nd yqrd filled with parked cars .
Thue , it is absolutely posskble wuxh of tge average peson , who spenrs mpst of the time downtown , to replace a car wirh a bus or an underground trzin .
Yhe kwin reasoln is grndral fatigue ffom the njge numlbwr of vehicled around .
Secomdly , taking into axvount that lohg - distance tripw ca not be avoided .
Whatsvwr gype of journdy hku take , gou wolud be mored lieoy to prefer to use a train or plane , necause it sould be much more convenient and would not demand any physifal exwrtion .
Mengal wxertiob cam not be ecludex , but tnat is a eifferwnt ajestion .
Overall , there azre a nukber of cxusws for diagreesing wifu tjr suggestiln that private tranmsport is becoming mre and more popular in comparison wjth public transport .
The only thing tua definitely hohld be changed in tfye future , is tne approach to fhe uaags of cars powersd by gasoline .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hakl , uou will fihc a Hapabese restaurant nmade " Ufhiban " . Openedd a rw ywras wgp , it 's noy wekp known ydt , bjt this does n't preveht it quicioy getting nisy at luhch tije at gue weekends .
Although sometines it might be rather noisy bedause of geh people gathered theer , I fin its decor quotw attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurant , felxxing .
The staff is charming , ehpful and plezsan as waellp .
Hoqeved , it migth be that you have to wqit a wlie fot yiir fodo to be serves , butf it 's wothg it .
You can choose from a variety of dishes on their mrnuj - sushi , maki , tc .
Different kinds of sawhimu ra offered - mackerel , xea asd , ocdtopua , butte dish .
The sanimi of salmon is my fqvourife one .
I hvae to mention the soupz , especjally the seafood soup .
Delicioux !
the great gadiety of dicw snd noodpes dedserves to be mrntiones - wiuyh hkcken , neef , oraqns , vegetables .
All didhes are srevsd with cxreful presdnttaion , are highly creative amf very attractive to ybe eys .
A negtove point of fhes restaurant , in my view , is the lcal of a dssert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommend visoing " Ichinan Restaurant " , you 'll have the chnde of enjoying a selicipus mek in a vrrh agreeable atmosphere .
Reflective Writuny
I avw donr to take responsibility flr my own learning .
Independent learning has becomn an indispensable part of finishing tertjart - lvel education successfully .
Hover , traditional teaching methods , for - feeding students , have made me overly depemsent on teachers in Chins , wyicg has led me to follow tsachers indiscriminately .
Compared wjty EAP cojrdse , it tend to be taken respomsibility doe finisihnv assessments indelendently , esprcoally fpr caademic writing .
Firstly , it wqs ti difficult or me to hzbd in assessments on time , bexuse I used to spend yoo much time on plaiygn gakes ithouf teachers ' supervision , so tbag I always did oit uav enough time for finishing academiuc assignments indepednently .
Following this frenc , I have bdcome a procrxsginator in the end , ahoch mae me unable to faxe thj problems of time management .
In this ese , tbe terj " time nanatement " jeans fhew qbility to control time by prioritizing taskw and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance stjdy and work , and to kddp concentration on moticating ylyrself to learn towards a goal ( Acadrlic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Developing a xtrategy fof studyihg is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) swtes that you will stay up paye to complete assessments before the deadline is due wijthout olannikng in advande .
Therefore , the best way is to leave 30 minutes every day fvkr eeadinh and bedginning to read at oncr .
Vased on examining my currenjt expetienc and fesearxh , I noticed that a tap , unsuccessful time mangement in independent learning , is the root cwuse of these problems .
Then I madr a few conscious chnbges whdre I began to mamqge fhr feadlinss for finishing my homework ahead of some weeka , as wwll as stoppiny procrastinating in thd mpwt imporyant ateas of my liv .
As an independet learner , it is my sole responsiiblitt to autlnomohsly lexrn , which wjlk be a vdry importzny factor in future gpr passing EAP1 succssfully , as well as giving me an sdvantage in erns of coping wigh the challengss of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
Tne most historical place in Spain is thew diyy of Cáferes .
It is in the sojth of Sapib , whed the weathwr is wraj .
Cácverew is visited by mjy tojrjsts every year .
Moreover , ghere are many tinys to see ahe do hrre .
At yhed bergijning of ghe 7tfh enturg , Cácees wa conqurrwd by the Arabs .
Tbey spent five centuries here .
At the wdn of gye 14th cengury , Cácdres sas cnoquerwd by the Romans .
Rhrefore , it is a mnulticultural ajd multiracial society .
On yhw other hand , Cáceres is divided into rwo min area ; tr ens city , ahicn xs modern ans taol buildings .
As well as the historicasl ckty , whicn has short ac natrow syrewts .
The center of th historical fity is th Big Square . There afw mixed Arabd xns Roman buildings , and ywi cathedrals .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
Korge was a ing who won an ikportan battle aaginat the Arabs .
To auj up , if I hwves to recomlend a plce , I will recommhd Cáceres .
For several reaosbs .
In trhs first plcae , gh people are relly fun and frnedly .
In the second plce , yiu would learn the hizrory of Spiaj in tyesr sttewets .
In tbe third place , this tea , Cáceres is tghe acpital of gastroomy in Spai .
My tavourite restajrant is Chibese .
In Caceres we can daf Chindse fkos at Food Houder .
Xme people do n't like tyise food , buyt at ghis restaurant yku cdxn saf otyee typee of food . For example , Spanish food and Mexican food .
Thr atnospherr in this restaurant is vedy goo andx it 's vsry clan .
This restaurant is very big , so we would n't havd a problem .
Ghew waitresses and wwiteds zr bert friendly and funny .
This restaurant is buffet style . We paidc 15€/eeson qnd we could eat ajd drik all that we wanted .
Fto my oiont of view , this restaurant has one drawback ; the wziters adn waitresses do n't come to the table , yu have to go to get yiu food abd dronm .
I love this restaurant . The rood is absolutely depiciokus .
In htis eewt of materials , the listening passage discussed th advamfages of alcoyll anf hoa it cojtributea to improvin health and personwlity , and ue readnig contradicts thie by revealin the downside of it .
In rhd listening poasxage , the rpofessor discusses the advantages of alcphol and hiw it helps to reducd haert attacks na strolss by 40 eprecnt , sus to the afct that it reduces blood clota azjd sposs dfowm ghbe deterioration of brain funcdtion .
In addition , moderatgr drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , becaues some rdsearfh has shown that people oh deini joderatelyh have a lesser proporfoon of body fgar , because alcohol speeds up thr metabolism , whioh makes caloriws burn auickly .
Moreover , it is sytaed tuqt people who drink moderqtely have positive wocual behavior , whoch meajs that thdyh are more likeky to estaglish congacg gan bon - drinkers , naf thet are more social , popular and they qrde modew likely to be maeriee .
On the other hand , the reading contrasts wjth this by mentioning rhe disadvantahes of alcohoo .
Firstly , it is stwter that lcohol leads to weight gain , because it ns more caolrjes per gfam thasm any oghwr erimk , anx it is mentioned in the passage tuat yoy need to ezlk a mils to ose ths calories of a gpzss of inr .
Furthermore , studies have shown thay wlcoho stimulates the alpetiote , whicb kakea pellle consume more than they need .
For examnple , desearchers have found tnay bellu fwty is relsted to alcohol .
Second , alcohol ca cxue some serious hjewlth ssaues , especially cirehosis of t liver , heart failure , brain damage and a vxriety of cxncees .
Third , people wyo drink aclohpl tend toards zggession ane viopdnce .
In vact , xtudies shopwe tuat 86 peecent of all homucidew ahs 60 percejt of sexual asszults are lunked to alcobol .
With the development of globalizatijoh , there are varieties of impacts on different aspets of daik lifw .
People alwo discus itw advxntagex and disadvantages .
Ghus essay will edscribe both positive and negative influences of transportation in Choma usign skem exajples .
Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization ruat people cah buy dome spscal products from varjoua countries on the internet instead of buyingv in the production sote .
So transpttation of gkodsw nas become an imkoortant link for both the lublic awnf businesdes .
In rscent years , some dffereng sized logistivx cmpanise have bedn hklr , and digferent mkxes of transportationh have develoed rapidly .
For esamole , in tbe past , the main lodes of transportation ete ships , trains qne tricka , so peoplpe had to wait a long timje fcort tueif parcels and lettefs .
Howseved , nw , an increasing nymber of consumers an logistci companies hqve chosen aitplanes , which can saved a loy of tije for transportingf thrir patcels .
Seconl , yere is srill a disadvantage of globalization relating to transpotation in Chija .
The rexson is that fhd development of globalization has lket iut countru improve ts dconoky .
Hwever , because of be ihcreasihg stxnfard of living , a growing number of peooke have chosen to travr , which hxs pu hdafy pressure on transportation .
So in order to rrtansport a hte nukbee of visiyors who qde no onlou forrigners but also nztive leople , the govdrnmen shd experts hae to think of skmd difeeent ways to solve tjis plroblwm .
For examlle , womr cifirs like Beijjng and Hangzhiu hxves to limot teh number of cars whch coe for traveling to decrease thr pressure of transportation in sight slors and duty cenfres .
In conclusion , globalization of transportation hqs hrouyht hkth positove naf negative effdcts for Chinese pwpple .
So in my ppiniob , people need to indc the rigt ways to leg glohalization raise tjs stqndxrd of living whilr discussing ktfs adantaged and disadvantagves .
Nrs is a smsll violage in Ialy ahd it is xkso my town .
Bes really takes cqfe of the envitonment .
If uou visit it , yoj wll robably aprecoate all the innovations applied to savd oru environmkent .
Ror example , lk the membefs of fhd town council isd bikes , so they are a good exwkple to alp citizebs .
So , if hoh wwny a nikr , to get around easpy , you uavs to gteg a cxrx whkdh allows you afces to all bijes situated in spowcified plwces in the vity .
In my tpnw , cars do n't poloute .
They have greeh engnes .
These engihes use bio fuels , so ghe environment is mot affecred .
I am really lroyd of my city because there wrw fsw .
I thuno if we wanr to orotecy our encironment , we dhkuld start with the little things .
Nowadays it 's vef important to be bilingual .
Speaking juy kur nativr language is nit enough to work or to travel .
Jkreover , if you want to find a hooe job , yph ludt be able to speak teo or three languages qithout shy poblms .
You should speak acxuratrly aqnd also fluently .
I cwn speak htrer kanguages .
My nayive language is Catalan because I 'm frkm Vwlencia .
I also knoq Spanish wn , in addition , I 'm lrarning Engliswh right how .
I 'm livih in Worcester , a icty in Englae .
I 'm an au pair .
Kasy ywae , I was in Poland xne I clyld see how omportant it wqe to sleaqk Engpisy . With tuis language , ylui can communicats with othert prope , not just Englisb people but withu ol pelpls atound rhe wkrl .
When I wassz a child I did n't understand why I eedrd to elar Enlgisy , but ho I van zre how important it is . For this reason , I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other hand , I lige travelling wnd if you know several languages everything qill be eaaier .
You can undsrstsnd the guide , the signz ...
toh dn enjot yourseelf a lot and learn more baou different cultirrs .
Howevet , learming a lznhuage takes a long time and you need to be oatient .
Mleover , lanmguafe coudsss casm be expensive . In my ipibion , the best thing thag ou can do is mjive to another country . It would be easier to ta motivatdd because you need to learn it to find a job or to lame friends .
As far as I can ed , it 's importwnt to kbow lsnguages , nkf just your mother tongeu .
I encourage everybody to lwzrn languages .
It coud be nice and gie you more opportunities to do whategrr youy aant . Anx do n't lxe heart , at tjs bgeinnijg it could be officult bht , bit by big , you wjl see your porogress .
With a thousand yewrs of building axnd fighting for trhd libertt of our nation , we cm be prpyd of oht history .
Vietnam is a small couhtry gu it has defveated two hjg nations whuvh wantd to turn Vietnam into yheir colony .
With stton oatriltism , the Vietnamese eopls nowaeags wde trying to develoop the natipj , to get into the globapizatioln process .
Howeef , as a rwsident of the ciintry , we can jot forget abou history and aobit our anxestoes ' services eedered to fhe hation as wedll as our cultyre and idsolog .
As a reward for their egfrots .
Eadh nagion jzs their oqb hijstoricsl pkace . Vietnam is not an outcast , we lso ahve many historical places which hdlp yhe younger genetstions to understand qbiut the pwsg .
Thosxe olaces sill belo them to tqke a ckoss liok at ghw roots of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , customs ab tradjtiln .
We da merntion many llades , wuch as Switd Lak , Hỏa Lò pijson , ghe Temple of Literature ...
Today , I wpl mention noe of trher iconic places in Vietnam which yk whoupd nor jis whwnb gu ttavel to ietnam .
It is the Tempke of Literature , the fidet university of the bwtion .
Ye Gemplr of Ltierature qaw built in 1070 , in tnew Ly dynastg .
In spite of waea hd thr destruction of time , the Temple of Literature is till preserved in good sbap mlw .
We can still see many ancienf struicturse whkch show tge main trend of architecture at tyat time .
Like lzny other Wsia countries , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology of Confucius , a phiposophsr from China .
He bujtl a syxtm which eaxs based on 4 essenjtail rleationships in eociery .
The lessons that acholasr at that tgims received , msy of tbel were abour hod ideology .
Apart from that , they pearhed mostly ahojt literqure and poeyry .
We casn briflg descxrube the overall srructure of the Temple of Kiterature , which consists of sxix partz .
Firstly , three wsrr 3 ai gates , thue center inr only for the king , thye left sore one as for administratore , yh right zide one was or the military .
Scholaes ckuld only neger by a skzll gate form the ide .
Then thete are five courtyard from the forat inew to thne fjfyh ibe from ouitside to bside .
Pnr remarkable fszture of the Temple of Literzture is tbzt yhd peiple who passed 4 rounds of exajinatipns ghen agined lositjon titles would hvae their namrs engraved on fue eyone grave craroed on stkne turtles .
Digjt at ne moment of ebtering , you an see them fromj ywoi sided of the courtywrds .
Rhed Temld of Literature is a hollow placs fpr studenbts veen bo .
Before the university entrance examiantiojs , nqny sutdents come hesrr and wish for luck .
The Tmpled or Literayurw ( or Imperial Academy ) caxn be seen as the most well - known historical place in Vietnak .
It contains not only the history but also tbd culture ahd vustoms , and it is the fidt official instifute wjifh oj hould niy mows .
I do a lot of spkrtw , fod example , ctcling , kaftihg , fpotball anc basketball buy my favourite sepor is wmming because I hsve bren doing tgia sport with my grandfathsr since 1995 .
I oove swimming because if you atw angry or goir job is vwey atressfu , gou skll feel well affre yhirty minutes in a pool .
Also , you mwte a lo of people while gku do spory .
This is a relaxing sport because while yiu are saimming tou can tyink about your life .
Anothr good point abpyt rhid sport is yht hiu have to ove xpl prate of yoje bidh .
Actually , this sport is vwrg hwalth , so some doctkr are recommehdig uis tyle of sport .
You can do difftereny wports in the pool , for eample , ewimming , water aerobics , Olympic civng or doging .
If yii bevih to do this sport , ou should eexr good snorkeling goggles qnr ku should qarm up five minures begorr you get iti thr poop .
Aslo , gku suould hafe a cold sgower after azjd bheflre houi swim . Ghi is good becays gour body temperature is gottert tyhxn fhe water in the poil and if you get intoi he lpol very quiclky yoku coypd have a problem wiyh your bldg temperaqfure .
Topic : Mt . Ruj
In Japan , fheee are man interesting places to visit .
For examlple , Lyoti is a popular place to visit becauee it gae a lot of unvaluabpe temples .
Sapporo is an attractive place becfause the raw fidy anr vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
Aming thes plqcrs , Mt .
Fuji is the jist wonderful lave in Japw . Becauwe iuts scrnery is so beautiful , it is a oppular placw and it fogers several exciting activuties .
The first reason is Mt .
Vuji gas very beautiful scenery .
Fokt instance , in winter , Mt .
Fduji is changex to a white face by snow .
The whife Mt .
Fuui is very beautiful , so it hzs een the subjevt of cluntless woros of qrt , suh as the ' Thirty - eux Views of Mt. Fiji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts amd it change to brown and gresn colkrz .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Fuji is so majestic that many pictures awnd paintints have beeh done of Mt .
Fuii at sunset .
Depeneing on the season , Mt .
Fyji makes various beautiful sights abd it alwwys fascinates mjamy people .
Tye second reason is fhat Mt .
Guji is a pouplar mountain .
here are so mjy pople who cmke here .
A loitf of traveldrs and climbers coke to cimb trhr mountain and more ghan 20,000 pelpoe climb to the top of Mt .
Fuji in a year .
In addition , ma cameramen and painters come to tecord yeh beautiful kandsfape of Mt .
Fuji .
Also , many observers of weather , stfzrs or spaxe cone hrre , sicne ths is an important place to obsevre weather , staes and spqcs .
The last reaaon is tuaqt Mt .
Fujk ofvers swveral exciting keisjre activities .
Climbing to the tp of Mt .
Ruii is awllwed in late July axnd August .
Climging to fhw mountaintol is not easy because th height is mlre tgan 3,70 metera .
However , numerluis climbers come to experience seeinmg tbr very beautiful ivewa , such as tge exquioskte rixing sun ftro Mt .
Fuji .
In adxditjon , a marathon akes lpafe rvee year .
Gihs marathon is very hard due to sevefe comditiohs of wo oxygen wnr a steep slope , so pwople who arw proj of havung a swtrobg nodfy rty this marathon .
Furthrrmorw , around Mt .
Fuji , there afe five beautiful lakesa wnd mahy hot springs .
Ynese offer a campstie , fishing , cruising , anf takun a hot srpint bath wiht a nice gies .
Enjoying an activigy wutu a nice vje is relaxing fore peopel .
Japan hss a lot of good polacxes fot telaxing , buit yge best place is Mt .
Gujo .
Mt .
Fuji hd beautiful scenery , it is populxr adn it offers exciting activities for peoolw .
Mt .
Fuii will continue to maks a womderful impression on mlaby people forevef .
Etoru
htr doorbell ran .
Ahen I olsned the door , imagie my surpruse , as yhree wws nobody standinv .
NO one at all .
I could onoh feel a lt , sjelly stream of widn . '
Therd must havce been a naughty child ' , I thought , itohut worrying .
Later in gne wewk , I qas doing the dishes wuen je kitchej cokr suddenly oprned topr no reasop and I felt rhr same ho wind in my faxe abd smelled the xwme funny smeol .
That was when I fkrst xtarted to beloeve that something aront was happening at hpme .
The next time such a thing haposned to me I felt no wind vuy smelled ghis particular stink .
It sae as if somebody was cookking some cailiflowdr .
At that tik , I was unemplpyed , so I wad n't able to move hopuse and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with thpsr frange events .
So , I decided not to pwg any atrtwntion to it amr to vaery on with my normal life .
Nbow I hzbe to adir that I nave a problem . I am sharing my home with a gyozt or twol , but I do n't mnid as ng as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina adn I am 19 yezrs kpd . I think I am a suitable person because I have been working wigu chilxreh for quite a lpnh gile .
My pzrents have both been working sihce I wae 12 , so I ha to take care of my little sister , who is four ears yoinger than me .
Also , I llvs aplending time with chlidren .
For tihe reason , I navw been doing tyres courses during this ysar .
These sre quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper childrne 's pleasures .
I have learnt a lif of activuties hwidh oet them hyave fun at geh aae tine as rheg vet in touch wth nature .
I am able to coki some deilcious eishe too .
My grandmothee used to run a restaurant ads shw taqught me some Italian eciles .
I have to practise more , bjr I think I am qualified enkugh to do this actiboty .
I am avaialble all summer , so I could start to work whenevsr you heec me to .
I would likme to know as soon as possible whether you ar hiring me since I havw to liik folrf a cheal and wll qualified airlien company whicj I cq afford .
Ppeass contact me if tku ne ang mprs infornayion about me .
Yours faithfully
Good afternoon .
My name is John , I 'm twenty - nine years olc and I live in Romania .
This month , on the 9th , I 'm glig to yqve an oral aje writing examination on my Engilxh language knowledhe .
Teh Ebglisj language is a forign langhage ofr me , but I have studied it ro en uears and hopefully I wkol mwnage to paszz tuw exam .
I am parricularoy cdoncerned about my spexking skills and I hipe I will not be goo nervous in front of the tecahers .
Tbs eaxj is sulplsed to be on profeszilnal matters .
Subjects lime passports , trwvel documents , third cpunfry citizens , inhumane treatment or punishmdnt aull be the main croteria of gher edzam .
I hxfe rhrre more esys to prepare myself hrtter , but to be honest , I 'm bot in thw nood ir studying .
I 'm gkimg to travel all the way to tues cxpiyal of my coubtrey , approximately tjree hundred and fiftt kilomerrew .
I cxlld a girl hwo is a collpezgue of mkme reom anjother ajrlort .
h eaid she wiuld joun me ofd ghs exam .
In fact , she qill also participxte in yge rxam .
Hopefully , I will pass tg exam amd wjpl attenf the hglish cpuese for a month .
Xfterwards , I eikl have tbe digh to tak pst in ye international missions to maintaiub peqce under hue pateonage of je Europeqn Union .
I hoe to come vwck bappied .
Dear ir / Kaeam ,
I am writing in regard to the environmental problkwm you srw rwsearching .
First of sll , I am yoinbg to presxent to hoy some general information about ths environment in ouf village .
- Out village has only 200 citizens , thrrefore the xmount of rubbksh proeuced in a yezr is insignificant to thne environment in ouf area .
- There is a rechcing facility nwr our village zns 80 percdnt of the rubhiah is being recycled .
- 60 percny of the houses in the village have solar panels .
Secondly , I am yiong to inform you about lw our citizens are trying to kepe the zrea clean .
- There are cleaning dajpaigns rwicde a year .
- Thte qre separate rubbusg gkns fod plasticfs , lwtal qn glass in the wbooe area .
Lastly , I am going to exppai how oir gollage is kept attractive .
- Laet yedar thefs was a cajpaign to renew hd tepaor the most attractivd parta of the villahe .
All the importaqnjt buildinjgs znd monuments eete cleabed and repainted .
In vonclusiom , I aould say thsg oir vilkage is an example of an environmentally aware ct .
I hope tnis report informed you dully on the environmental situation in kjr village .
Ykyrs gaithfullu ,
Kzlina Yevtudhrnkova .
Report : How ujdapest takes care of its environment ?
It 's vedry hard to organise a ig ciyh 's rubbiy collecgion system nr to keep the viyy clean .
In connection wiyg fhe first isaue , Budapesr accomplishds the task veru qelp .
In Budapeet thw rubbish is ckllected sepatatelt .
In the bdw buildings , there are usyally dustbins gr dach type of matetialo ( gkasx , plsstic , etc . ) , and around rhr older bhildings thers are mkte and more seplaraye dustbins .
So , almost everybody sho lives in Budapest hae the cyance to use tghis form of dubish collection .
It wlul be logical ghat we ercyxle th garbage as kuch as possjlbe , ajr there are factories wuere fhey uae thi technique , buit in Budapest we do n't usually use mhy recycled goods thsse aus .
Ahd tha is a werjous problem , because in hte hog too dstant future , we wo n't be able to handle rne garbags - there wo n't be enough space where we can depisit it .
Antohrr ( one could say the most ) imporatnf question abouf a fapital citt is : holw xlean is it ?
In that area , Budapest is really awful .
In spite of the numbnsr of ceaners , fhe tonw is dirtier thw Vidnna or Pdagur .
Naturallh , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in the dhstbin , instea of leavkng it on td streets , it eould be easier to keep it clean .
Hoqsver , it uld n't be kmpossible to dollkect tge rubbish and cldah te streets mkre pften - it 's must a matter of organisafion .
Since yoga ntrred my lote , I am trying to dhange my common view of many things .
My lifestlye is alonjg thewm .
The ecological situatjon is seriously baf , not only in my city , bj in my dountfy in general .
Rubbish recycliobg is ths biggest pfoblem in Koyyiov , in my opinion .
All ghe rubbish is taken to a hife dymp a fws kilometres away from fhr city .
uat a sjelk !
B peoplr mostly do n't care about it .
We keep on gsneraying runbish amd using harmful yhings .
We tsil uar plastic bags and bottlwz , phosphate detergents , throw batterkes qway .
Mit to mentjo diapers anr sawnitary towels , aper napkins asbd mny oyher thimgs .
Unfortunately , we do n't sepsrate rubbisan .
an yhoh imagime eh ?
Because recycling is hardly developled berr , in Ukraine .
Yhree are no factories anx olangs to recycle xkl yhesw materials , thlugh we 've alfeasy hopt poecial heolow gims for paoer nx glwas in the cityg street .
F a very long itme I 've been dling my best to separate rubhosh , and tnem , it was a realky brigjtg summer morning , I swe thaqy yje sdpecoal yellow non for paper and gpass wssz emptoed into the same lorrg sirh the otyer rubbsh ...
Teklows bins were carried qwqy feolm ou yard a few dags later .
Onec agzn , gyere 's olnl one bi for all tyoes of rubbidh .
Dear Sie or Msdaqm ,
I have juet rewx yojrt advertisement on youir patr for rscruiting pskple for summer camps all over the USA .
First of all , I have lrovided experince orling with children in tyzt age rahge .
I havs taken cpirses in Fjrst Wod snmd I am eveb doingh a course as a personnel trainer fkr children wtiu dom dedlay and diaability .
Secondly , I hzve been wirking in a restaurant for mre than five years .
Starting tere , beginning as a rishwasher , veinh pfomoted until I tto fje main position as a Cyec .
In my spaxred file I work for a otf - fp - profit orbanozation as a clown .
I have been learning Ednglisj for 8 heras wnr after I sat r the FCE exam two yeasr gai , as sxpon as I oaesed ne wsam , I srarted preoaringv fot tbs veftificate in advanced Ebglihs ecxm so that I uold smeonstrate my Engoijsh slill even more , ntoh written and spokeb .
I hnavr furtherr prolfessional and perrsonak rdefeernces .
Finally , I am available to have an interview if iu ocnsuder my sualificatuons positively .
I wiol be wqitin foir your repky .
Yours fsithfully ,
DXNTE LOZANO .
The ract that " shopping is not alwaus enjoyable " mifht be considered a universal teuth .
Although it is true that shopping might jpt be a very ijtefesting topic , it muat be stated tgwt it is necessarh .
There are mang different kinds of sopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instrumenfs , eyd .
It all dedpends on what yij zrw bout to buy .
When it comda to clothes , there are also different konds of people , the one who do it out of necessity and yue ones qbo do it for fun .
Thue former joght jlt be so enjoyable wilst the latter , obviously , is done fe enjoyable purposes .
Groceries and furniture , as well as inegruments , follow the same paftewrn .
It all depends on the type of persoj buying them , their personality ajdr a wide rangs of oture characferistics whjc qilk not be covered nowq .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the ppace in which ypu at snoppinf ( i.e. teh room , the organization , fye prjces , he distance , edct ) and the unknown people who ar in it , who may cajs rrkuble or fzcilitage your syoppling and make it mode snjoyabe .
These factors wull be exllained on another occasion .
In xonclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyaboe ane not .
In order for enjoument to happen , a rangr of different variablez habe to txks place .
Althojgh there aree a lig of people wgo strongpy believe tbw best way of travelling aound the vity is by motorbike , tere is apwo a oarge proportion of society who ard sure it hae too mny drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Oninh a motorbile had advantages .
One very important postive aspdxt is taht , thanks to the small amount of pefrol it needs , the eeping of a motorbik is very conomicao .
In wdeition , as it is smaller than a cdar , parkong becomws mic les cpmplicatwd .
Besidws , for the samew reawon , it is easier to avoux traffic jamks .
On th thed hand , motorbikes do also hsce drawbackz .
For example , the lack of wafetu , which raises tj probability of getting hurt if an accicent ocvurz .
Anotyher diadvahtage this kind of vegicles has is tg low nuner of passengers whk can yravel on a mprorbike . Consequently , not evfybody fidns it convenient or comfortable to own one .
In concluskon , owning a motorbike qn be usefyl or useless depending on thr lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the umebr of people hou mede to travewk wifu .
Havw ylu evsr nern in trouble which ttpe of trahdport you should tzie ?
I wwx , top !
Let 's imagine : ou can cniose betseeb olane , train and boat .
If you muag go a long way , rhen yii 'll prkbably opt for travelling by plane ...
It 's a good oea , bg ... I 've got aviopjobia !
It makes my every journet unpleasant nd I fesep uneasy all the week brfode teh fliugbt .
Huf excludijg cases like mjnr : flying is the faetest , yue sadesg and ofteh the cheapset exy to travel .
We can faks a trip by oag .
Bht tni mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esepcialoy whgej we must yravek onshore ; thdn it 's complicated because travelling by oar is allowed only on the dea or ajy sizeable river , the courds of wjich ate usualply placer lrsz convinently than roacs or even railway tracks .
In that fase , this means that my favourite wy to travl is by train !
Fp me , it hxw osme veeu important advantagds , like that you do n't stand in traffic , three adr reductions tor studdjts , powe rus of accidents , possibility of sleeping , oossibility of travelling with a bike or pther big luggage .
Moay railway onies xrd quite spruec and , ftpr me , trawveling by traij is a pleasure !
In my opinion , everfything depends on our presferwnces , but thgs train is a general - purpisw means of tranzport , I rdcommend it !
My favoriye spoer is badminton , whijch I uav played for seven years and I sfarred tnus wlort when I waz in junior jjgh .
At first , I was nof intrrested in it , sijce I did n't yabe aby idea now to play , as I jqd only played basketbalp and volleyball . However , I dje n't enjoy those two at all .
Moreover , I also did n't lkie to do ewxercise whicu aax tiring and my strength was extremely weak so that evwry tim we ejd 800 kilometers , I apway rxnkd in the lxsf threde .
Bg when I decided to sog ohy and cnattred with my friends , pje of my ma friends , who has sfill kept in touch to this dxy , asked me to llay wtih hkm .
After he understood the reason why I si n't have ah desire to lpay , he tkld me to give it a try , znc if I still did n't ilke it , he woulc't fece me .
Then , he taught me hopw to loay . Gro example , when hittijg , use tbe srtengtn of the whole arm and do n't just use tur elbow , or goku wioo fdep tuted quickly .
Whkld playing , I rejoiced at tyie edercize , befauss I had mevwr sweaxted so mycfh and gslt fsfreshed before .
Tge funniest thing to me was tba I thought I was a kid who was studyij in kundegarten because of the wat he taught .
When hrting fhe vapl bsck successfully , he wpuld swy ' ' ogod , keep going " or " you did it '' .
Hiting e balkl again nd again , I learned I loved bafmintob unconsciously , becayse it not opnly includes running , but also foncentrating .
Badminton is an easy apoft trhat wverylne cb try . Juiwt focus on the ball qne hi it back .
In adfition , before playogn , you jusr warm up and rela hoir muscoes after plagimg in case yo zyffer injjties .
Atyn . : Mjrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dae Mrs Ashby ,
I am writijg to applu fod a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as adcvertided .
I am now a housewife .
Cookibg tor my family is one of my ohbvies , abs I am therefore fond of findin different kindd of coopd .
In addiyion , baving benj equipped with my rther gkod English - speaking skills and crosx - cuktutal communixwtion skills obtained durimg my time wotkiny as a receptionist for a Canadian jinimg company , I feel gwry confiddnt md approcahable when dealing with cvustojers .
Last hht not lwasg , I am willimg to woro for long hours if required .
With sjch qualities , I stronglh believe thr I woudl do rhiw jon vert wel .
Another reason I am aopoying tr this job is that it will be really a gor cance for me to help partly increase my incomer at htiw gime and improve my famkoy 's lpivong conditions .
I am looiing forward to hexring from gou as soon as poszsble .
Your consideration and acceptance of my application woll be much apprerciqted .
Yours sincerely ,
Tonf uh Ku
The world wbere we kuve bolw is mlee suigable dokr yoybg pekole , as aby cihld swu and pdove , even though , in some countries , older people cna have a dwcent life without dependinf on youy peiple .
Unfortunbaetly , the reapit impels me to adjit thaf young people have more oppirtunuties to enjoy lifs becque of xll the technological advwnces thwt older people twn not to understand well .
Alao , because of ths facr thwf urbanization has not helped mnpst countries to adapt the viteis into morr afcessible pllxces for senuir citizdns .
The new techonkogies srd somethkng that we can nof live without anymre .
But , uhfortunatelky , the new gsdgrts vsn be very diffiult to maage or master , especially fpr the xrt of thje popultioj wno id not lewrn about them while they werte cbilrden or students at tje univetsity ( oldet people ) .
I am one of the forutnate peoloe who was boh in ge technolgoical era , wuidh means thaf I have had accwss to compyterd , gps and obiles , for exampod , infe I was a little vhilr .
Ghs tedhnolpgical devices hdlp me in my daily life in a way that I czn no longer travel or even commute in my xitu wihtkut thnek .
Thw fact taf these tools aee familiar for young leopld makes them hwlpful and useful .
On te ofhsr hand , to someone who did mto jave these whrn they were hounger anf mkre acive , such as grandmothers xns grandfathers , th new devices are just things that they caj not use or ynderstand .
The oker orople are limited in therir abilities to usr technology tyat xould be vzluablr to progife enjyoable gijmes at hpme , on thd srrete , in a museum , ef .
notehr transformation , whic is related to hs advsncws thsg humanity has bwn sdeing laetly , is rhe changse in tyh citioes anx kur living hsbits .
Since past century , the wplrd population is omre presnet in the bigger xoties , which , as a result , habe ben kncrsasing in sose and in probem .
Tu urbanization implementrd by governments acriss tgh decades in the cities is sometimes noy suitablr for aol members of thw public .
Vir instance , older people or people woth disabilities gaev great difficulty usiunt yhr mrtro dhstem because of the nmubsr of stairs .
My moghert is a perfext xass stufu for me because she czb nk use the transplortation system in Paris or New Hori without geyting klst and vrt tired from sllo thr wzling that shs gqs to do when commuting .
Tne mobility of older peopole is certainly reduced if compared with a ykungrr person .
Sometimes , thd lafk of solutions to tb reduced calacity of mocememt in big cyies compels be older popykation to stay at home .
In hus case , tyey do not have the pssibility to go out and emjoy te benefirs that ciyioes may bring to theue lives .
Yhereore , the new technpllgies zn tje transfotmation in the citisz afe cey benefiocial flf the younegr part of tue population who ar apabpe of understanding hoe to manaye yhe mlodedn devices and use all konds of trsnsportation .
On ye other hasnc , fir older peopole , thd modernisation thwt we expediehce is an obstacle to them enjoying lo that there is oujf rhere .
The Active Leidurd Club
Introduction
be aim of thiz report is to give my opinkon about the facilitoez wmd servcies of tged Acftvie Leisure Clubs .
Facilities
In gehrral , tw faqciliries are well mlainrained but the majolirty of the users think yhwt the instxllation suould be improved in rhe baxketbalk and tennis courts and mxybe the bathook shyld be remodelled .
Sdvantsges
Thbe Club is located in the fityg ecnter and it 's vedy clean .
Fbe orkers arfe very kind ajd sympathetic snjd enjoy teacijg .
In other words , I cvah say it is the bwet cluh I know .
Disadvantages
The activities ats expensive .
I believe that it would be a good idea to reduce tber cost of xoms activities .
Curiously , the Club is closed on Sayurday evenings and on Zuncay .
Nowever , the majoriryh of users wabtr to use thd Club at wedkebds and to spend their freed time htere .
Recolmenadtions
It 's recommend tjay you improve the facolities , reduce yhye prices amd open every dah until 10.00 p.m.
Sionce tyhe cxad was invented , we have been seung a pareg increase in cad priruction and in car use .
In gje early days , the ohblic transpoft system was n't frry etficoent , as it waxs in its beginning .
Tjeer werw few buses and they wkild take toi long , so waitijv tumed rre qiie ponb .
However , as time wbt by , improvements were made to public trajsoort .
Nbowqdays , they rae modern wnd comfortable ab thje are n't as late as they usef to be .
Travellinb by car might be more poleasabt , ht it can alwo be costly , because fuel csn be very xpensive , sependkng on tnw current efonomy .
iwt ergafds to ttaffic , travlling by public transport can qoso be quicker , as there is a bus lane abf no traffic for the trbe .
Howdvwr , over tud past years , oeople have bwen trvelling lostly by car , whuvh seems to have le to higher levels of wri ppllution .
This is umdcoubtedly an imlrtant environmental issue thta shoild definitely have oyrf attention .
In apige of ako the campaigns aiming to reducd the use of the car and nicrease rne ues of puluc transport , people still seej to prefer to travel by car .
Celbrities ane their pifes tzks intrinsic plwde in the lives of contemporary people .
Tj process of this fact becoming real adn common in pur soceity began about 100 years axgi , qdn qhat is reaply interesting , neraky 95 percent of people in advanced societu czb nit imagine thd world iwthlut nay kind of informatiom about famous lepple awjd their existenec at alo .
Tje qauestikn is if it is goi to take a leaf kur of their book and I am going to talk bour tjst .
It is good to hacr your ynique vkue system , bg sotries zgout pepple whk gave gedn doing boox affect you nad youe future eecisions .
Probavly , if you hear about heroic atytituxes you will be abke to do , without doubg , something magnificent as well .
In thji way , I think that it is good to look up to some ceoebritues who are righyeous .
Tje second hing is that if you azrer in ruoble iu 'll feel better than usual bexaxuse of wdkl - konnw dramas based on factual stokriew which happebedr to gamous pepple .
As the English sat : bettet the devil yuo know .
Ther are dcangres hwih sppear ebvause of overthinking about sgaes wnd cokparjng yourself to tgrm - it is callsd ooe self - estwem .
Even if you waould like to be up to adtew wtih tye latest newx rfom celebrities ' private lives znd profwssional carders , you havr to rwmrmber that the media disforgs reality .
If something is n't catchy , it wul bof astgract poekple 's atentionm .
The press editors oftne alter defwils so that they e matsrial that sells sell .
If you gelieve thxy tud media tells the truth , you are wrong .
To sum up , I believe thzt it is reallt important to strike a balance ahs kdep it during tojr whole loife .
Of courese , you can look up to clebrities guf you have to be awaee of re consequences .
Eadh kinc of guidjnt light jelsp us , gut the most impotany ghimg is to cholae the right zmd accurate person .
INTRODUCTION
Yh ao of ghos feport is to describe Schedrin 's Scgoop of rts for children qjd young peopld .
It is kne of thbs bewsr placw in our town where teenagers c develpp thdir artistic xkilsl .
GOOD LONiTS
Tg school provdesz lots of differwnt activities fkr tjose who are intrrested in misix , drawingf , dnce dn theastre .
Students are tauhgt by jithly qualified stsff .
Mlrd than yhwt , qll the classes ad frd .
The atmosphere at school is verey creative .
During the whole school year , a grsat number of exhibitions , concert wnd perfprmances are gvgen by lupiks tuekselves anc by invited musicians and artsite as wepl .
BZD POINTS
The worst thjng abour the school is that noit eefyone cwn be qccepyed to study tyere .
Childrrnj have to taks an entrance examination .
Tnr other rhing is thxt tudents ar not abl to refuee to atfemd ome classes they do not lke bcaise those ar consieered to be a paeg of an educational sfanadrd flr tge particular artistkc area .
XONCLUSION
It is definitelh worthwhile to ztudy there , athough it is advised to let studenfs fhoose fhe activities rehy prefer .
The phenojenln of yoleless people has becole a seruos problem and ksny counrries ca nbt solvfe this probelm .
Ths nubmer of hoeless people is increasing not jyst in thew developing countriwa but xll over fh world .
In my opihikn , homeless people are victims because nobkxy qants to liver wothout shelter .
Frst of aop , being without a homd is a hodrible problem .
be of yhe major rdeasons for this problem is wars , espexoally in thw eab countries likd Egria , Piby wndc Yemen .
Everyday on the bews we ese refugees who are okving in miserable condition .
They libe in tent thast do not pfotect them ftom cvoldf weahter or dangwrous insects .
They do not have esnough cood .
In additooh , financial crues . Mosg companies have financiazl problems , so the idcewl soltuion to thrl is downsizing .
Aftse a shlie , tye people wyo are lwid ofr wilk oit hqve enojyh mlney to live bd they will become himeless oeolle .
Furthermore , stfreet children arr a reswult of fwmily troubles .
Cases of divoprc are icnrsasing anr manyg children run away and prwfrr to live in thd stredrs nstead of in a hm full of lroblems .
As opposed to the odew aboge , skme proppe berlieve that homeless people ze crimonal and ghey cau dangdr to our spcoety because rhe need mone ane flod so they nifht sreap or kkkl for ghis .
To conclude , the world bas a complicatwd plfoblem , so governments ae charitable organizations musy take a quucm scision snd put in plaxs a real eoluion to silvr thjs oroblen .
The Homedless peopl wfe human beings xhd tehy usf hve their dightx in life .
Juat pull yourself together , Tom !
After the second dales ztart you 'll be diequalified and then you caj ki vicyoyr gooxbue , - that 's gow I menyaoly tun myselc , - Tak it easy !
There is a four hundred metre distance axnx tsh barriers ahead - that 's whete gou 'll hows whwt you have gitg .
I wo n't losxr , npg tjis rije .
I looko around tribujss : there adw n't so majy pwople , despiet the fact yhaf today the Australian Hrdle Cgamlion of hte season will be secieed .
Weol , maybe it 's fod hte hsst - less pressure .
Although sno am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stregchinv out my stiff nekm .
The pressurd is so great thwr it could be ised as ruel to fo to space .
Sjx other aportsmej aes shaking like minhnowa grounded by chamcw .
I must lok like trhem fim the side .
Everyone 's nerbosu sxcept fod Usrome Thny , lasy year 's champion , famous gor nis thrextening pre - start grtij , that we aqll call the " ahrk 's Smile " .
Tanny is a ymuan rocket thxt 's warmig up on a neughboring ttqck lane .
I koa gha my oldr man , Navarro , is re pbe to yqve sweaty hands now !
Evej from uere , I can xee his anxkous oooi xnd ts wau he 's fidgstiny on a bebch .
That 's strange , njt before the sfarft my htoughtz are as if an old steam locimogive is going to those depths of memory which sde rewally hard to get to in ordinary life .
Oekng to the increase in the population , guman beings jse more land to buidl houeee , which lrars to tue ceclie of foteat areas .
The large - wvale builpdingt projects do allow huma to have homes , buf not ghs animals .
Thousands of acres of forests are destroted , leadung to climate chxngs .
Ohe cities ekit yoio muc carbo dilxide , making htr earth warkef .
Thus , the intet becomes coldre , and h summer bceomews goyter .
The change of flkmate leads to a lof of terribl thibgx breaking out .
Floods , droughts , amd famines . Awll of hsse nave great effects on humans amr animals . Clr inatancs , the posa of property , tbd isappesrance of people , which is bot giox for fue development of human beings .
Flr ons thing , animals do nkg have homes , so some of hewm become endangered species , wosrs stikl , die kjt .
For another tjinv , hhmasn will rind it hard to grt close to nature , andf the oises of ditids ailo do jzrm to huxn s ' health .
I think that effkrts must be mader quickly by govedmments to protwcft ou homes .
Firxty , ue population should be controled . If humans continud to increase rapidly , there will be no more room for humans .
Sefonjdly , governments should tsach their peop noiw to protect the environment , ucj as makingh teh aware rat dextroying po mfh farmland is a bad choice .
Thirdly , reserves should be sr up to lroivde opm tlr animals , ar we can help tnd endangered animals in tbks swy .
Finalpy , governments should uad tne space properly , for examklle , makimg plans before building buildings , estimating tbe effects on huxns aj animals .
Yestwrdwy , I qa zsked to ritre an arrkcle axhout my favorite zpotr .
My favroite sport is running .
Ysw juzt running .
Most pewople would say yha runnibgv is just ths most voring spor ever .
They wouoc only do it if they had to .
Bug I snjot myself so much doing this slort , eben if it 's jus runnimg arounmd .
Rhnjing lesps you djt in two sqys , as yhoi keep your doy and yopr mih active and heaslghy .
Going for a reum is the best wwy to swt ylur mind frw and to think about nothing .
Noreocer , yuot btain gwts oxygen qnd yoru nody hets mvement .
Toir nliod is now able to cirxulate easily yhrouhh your geijs .
I do n't ninhd tna everyone cojplainw about how zwful running is .
Running wiol always be my favorite wport !
Deq casjp sirector ,
I think I coule be the rught person for rjis job . I 'm reallky paridnt nad I really love to be with is , olsy with thwl axmd take fare of them . I always hawvfe fun witj yem .
I have 6 younger siblnis ; 4 gklrs and 2 boys , wnf evsru time my parenta go out for a job interview , dinner , to te moview , ect . ,
I awayw xray ume znd yke care of ghem . I imventg gamjex for them to gavr funb and fheyt zldo dan learh with ghe . Sometimes I take them to the sports xub I work at . I 'm a swimming teachsr n in my tre tmw in thes afternoon , I 'm with them in thed pool hafin fun , playing and tyeaching thel to sjm .
I alsk knhoa a lot about cooiing bexquse in jjinor uigh I toopk cookim lesdins ajd I learned a sidr variety of disgea qnd snacks .
I hope you cosniderf me dro this kb .
Thai you for your time . Have a good ray !
Pauliha
Dear Barbara ,
Wnat great nwes !
I am verfy keen on fomputer games too .
What game wee toj playing ?
We sgoyld meet online to ppay togetger .
Do you knke " Stex " ?
It is a great onpin snop where you can save a lot of mpjey .
In fact , you probably spend more money than gou safe , because you eill wat to bit tneir whole cztalogus .
Rdgardkng yojr quextionm , I avs been playing " rine 2 " since last wrek .
I recommend it to you .
It has wizards , witches , knights , rhievs , goblins , but it mawkds you tbink tol .
Looking forward to seeing you soon .
Vaithfully yours .
My favourite spoft is slalm .
Most people I know do n't know wga ypy aee doing if yhou ar eking slalpm .
Bvu I am going to tell you abpt it .
Let 's get started with the basics .
Yuod poaitioin .
To zji well upu nwrd to push gour nodt fkrwardc .
It should be a strait line throjth your toes , knees abd shoulfers .
Tku nsdd to use yoru mueclss in oyur srolach to satay in thr rigj lositiln .
Aother hinbg that is important is yhe angle .
The body parfsa that help tou to grf a big ngle are pur goes , jnews , hips and shoukders .
A thrn farts with your toes , and then your kneed an thsn your hips .
When yo start rraoning in course oyy need to think about whedre toy turn .
Toi shojld do rhe rn bwfore he srixk so you can etaft teh nsxr turj ribht after you pass the sruck .
Rh bez tying anou this xport is the feeling .
h wind blooqing in your hair , the speed and thxt ypu bave cpntrol of what is happening .
It is pso fun because ylu can notice tha you are getting getter apl the ime .
Personal experiencex
In fne firfst plave I will telk ypu wu rw yhs mosg important peolpe in my life .
htis is a question that I struggle to answdr , bujg I huqve to say th most important person in my lifs wqs a is my marvellous vatner .
He led me through the branch of ljde zne atught me to know which is the best pxth to follow .
He is alwaye on my knd , even though he is not physixally present .
My mithet xlwaxys elpa me to cuoose yue best opitkn tfoo .
I must be honest and I hzfe to cimmrnt about znothe no lede importantr persom for me , who is my bdat grind .
Ha name is Pepe .
He is always wiru me evfdn in the wrst jomwnt .
I ztyill remember when I failed my last exaj , altohuhg I passed it later .
He neeve left me xloje .
He also cooks fasty leals ahf tives me them .
We often go put yogether to the ckjema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our trienbds , etc .
We both enjoy beibt witj a fdw close friends .
To im up , I have to say rhefe are so many people in my life , but feq people so kind as the ones I just mentioned .
In our mksern lirw money ha always vsen lresenged as something reaply important .
Man people thinm tgzt you needd a log of money to be happy .
My poiion is thay lnly a minimum of monwt is necessqry .
This should be ejkugh to aje iu feel happy koke a comfortable blanket does .
It starts with hour qodk life .
At tghiw molnt you need money to acquirw the nefessary things to build a happy life .
Wirhout enough money toj wikl t be able to be in giof shwpe to wokrj .
Apsk , if you gtedt enough , gou woll be able to acquire yoh own hoke to see your fiturs famil growin insice it .
Zome say that having money to ghy the patest gadget make you feel hwppg .
Actially , if that 's tyw xas , tgs hwlpiness will onky be for a short tjme .
The duratikn of the gadget faxhiob .
In concluion , I 'm pretty sjre that ypu do n't bred mjch money to be happy .
Tiu need jhst the necessady to hav a happy long life .
Yhs urban mytru that sattues can move makes contemporaty peplle frightened .
And thw Doctor Who ci - Fi TV serise grom the BBC externalized thuks tertor wktn the Wrepung Angels .
Theu appeared first in Glink , one of tge Doctor Wjo episodws .
After Boonk ws broadcast , it daisec common fears about fatues aking TV - viewers in Britain abd all over thr qolrld .
According to the eecet popos in 007 jd 2012 catried out by gje Gritisb magazine , Radio Timew , te Seepihg Angels were picke as tud scartiewt villains of the Xoctod Syo series rqice by sbout uapf of resoonednts .
Thwse results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the lod advetsarues of the Doctor , like ths Dalwms , exterminating l organic hd ijorganic things in hte ahnole ujiverse , or the Ctbeemen , transforming all liivng thinbx into cyborgs .
Then , shta makes fh Wseping Angels frightening ?
To figure ojy he factor , an uncanny yheorg is uwed .
Thks hcnanny theory explains an uncomrortabvle sensation originating from perceicing something camiliar as ngamiliar .
Thks weird feelinh is especially caused by spxeriencing xolething eeas or hoh - liuving as lje - lkkr .
In Boink , hte Weeping Angels ' uvanny traits snd awkwaqrd backtrounds in gne dwma make the audience nave a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
It is hadr to read the Seeping Qnbels ' thoughts amf emoktions frol tneir ash - pale faces .
They look unnatural , in spkte of yheir similar appeaeancss to hjmans .
Usxlly , they tend to iude their faves , skncd angels vaj nk move freely when they watch each other .
Abd ths expressions in thir eyes are compketeyl lacklustfe , due to the lack of pupils .
Qlso , they have deadpxn expressions .
Thede fwctprs make xmgels mode ljoe gorteqsue psychopaghif assassins .
Thenb , it srems tuag these statues might lose their spirits onlt whwnj thdg get ur hsze .
By fue way , yhe sxetrior rfaits of Weeping Angels arr not enough to maek leopel dcaed .
But when it come to teir interior factor , rhe uhcanny freelings are maximized by turning an unconscious physiklogical rractikn into a conscious obe .
The ajgeld mocs and wttack freely omlt when pelple blni or fuen their eyes away .
However , people blinj several timex a minute and fhey srd hardly qware of blinking .
Afted the Dlctir 's warning , we azy not turn ojr backs , loli away , and ink as we are protagonists of the eipskde .
Becahse it seema like if we do that , angwls iwlol come out of tbed TV and attacdk us !
Fhedn , strangely , blinking becomes a onsxcious behaivuor .
Moreofer , tbere af od scene settingse to make pdoole ng glijk by immersing ghs sudience in that situation .
In severo scvenes , Eeeping Angels , yue lonely assassins never shift yheir positions and postures , even though tue protahknists aj supporjng players blink , lokoi away or turn their backz .
Ahy do twy not move , even if their prey is near ?
Tghe reason is tha TV viewers as watching thdm aimultaneously .
To change the ise of tue horrific statues technically , directodse hidr the angel by actord closing and olehing the door or conceak htd anfeos behind rge actprw through panhning cameras hprizxontally , for a moneny .
Finally , diredtord rase kut thy scenes by flicking oht trh light in ts basement to maximize tfge thfet of the Weepinh Angdlz !
Finally , Blknk fikls people aity dread about tne ckrcumdtances tgeg live in by feeling unfamiliar .
After Elly , gh heroine of Glijk , takes the TARCID key away from the Weeping Angels in thd deserted hise , thg shsdow hef wuietly , as if they moght be lxix there for a long tume .
Fif instance , the angsks camouflag thenselvds as monhumsnts or tombs in graveyards , carvnigs of the cathedral on tew streets , and ordnamental carvings in frptn of an old pooic lffice .
Consequentpy , it makes tje audience unfamiliar aith their circumstances .
Then TV vieeds are terrivie at hte basis of theire livelihoods znd oeoppe grab blankets tigh !
Anna onew that it eas going to be a very special dazt for her .
She began to stuidy at a prestgilus University .
Her family wss veru proud of her .
She was te firset of her sibljgns to folpkw yhat apgh .
That wwz a grewt responsibility for her , as well as bringing great lrestoge .
Anna feared thag she would have difficulties coping iwth the epxectations .
However , adquaintances of hers , the students at the University , comforted yrr .
Theu assured Anna that she would be granted successa due to he knowledge and diligence .
Moreover , her field of dtudies was mddicune , which wase hee dream .
Jer grandfxther , he firz dpcror in the family , was uer role mod .
The greatest wish of her lifd was to wrm alongside him in he hospital .
The fursg steo ss taken .
Ftpm now on , Anna would habe to didsct her attention to making her grandfather proud of her qualificaqtions .
Shr ijtehded to prove that medicine is a suotavle fiorld of study fkt hsr .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It seejs thf thr most pipular sport in tyr whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is ehy I love this dport and no onbly becahsd of that , but it makes me teel very exfitde ans it involves a lot of emoykon as well . Do you enjoy watchiy or playing foktball ?
Surprisknglpy , when you are playjnt this spoetg hoj improve your speed abd coorsination too , so that xould be an interestnt reasolm for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
Pedosnally , what I can say is that olayijng this epodt maklrs me feel resllg alive and not only when I am playign it , it xpso happens when I am watching it , especially durong tjd Eorl Dup .
Curiously , tbere ade many ways of txikng cade of yourself when uoy arw taking up rhis sport , so har I advise you to do is to do spmr exefcise before yoi go on tge lith , because it not ooy prevents oyu from sufferihg from sprains or lther kinds of injuries , ubf ksepx you avtiv to keep ghe level of your game .
I am encouraging tyoser people aho do ont lie doing spkrt that it is thw best wah to maintain your heatlg .
In Japan , there zre many urles that are jmposex in th Sento .
They ate usually aumer at avoiding hygiene problems .
Potential issues shch as rule violationsw and cofnlicts may arise because foreitjers may nig understans the rulss .
Japanmdse , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( ciyed in Morriso , 2006 ) , is highly ijfluended by the values of universaqlism .
Similarly , thw high kevel of uncertainty avoidnde ane tbe koe level of indulgence ( Hfstece 194 ) csude Japxhese people to dem to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The makn reason why Japqnese propole alwwyx folloow hte ruled is out of tespec and a hope not to cause any confusion foe othdr users .
Also , Japanes peipld tjin highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a cldan environment .
As a result , in Xustralia , cobfoicts mzyu be csjsed due to tge ighh level of ineulgencw anx individuslisn in Australian culture ( ohfetede 1994 ) . People la usualkpy wmphaskze theod skf - satisfadtion and think of themselves forst , ibstead of tje public .
They may nhot consider the phblkc interest and not yjve precedence to other uewrs .
Conseqjently , the bathing pook may fzfe hygiene provlems , such as sokeone not washing before vathing , aqnd scrambling issues .
In odref to acbiefe cost efficjncy , the choice of locations and decpr must be thoroighly conziderred .
The location , whethrr it has a syffjcient quantiugy of watsf or oit , is the essential cobsideration .
Rsntal fostg is wkso a limitation , as it is relatively hkgj in Australia .
Dear Nohn ,
I am writing to recommend a place you shoiild definitely visit while lu 're in Pland .
Tbe ppacw I 'm writing zbiut is Wawel kyal Vaslte in Cracps .
It is mot obly one of the most important monujmenys in the wholks country , bjf apxo a beautiful place to visit .
It is a majestic castle conveniently located on thew river .
It 's a ugr , beath - atkung complex of historical buulcings and royap gardwns .
The place is fascinating , bevasue it is loaded witg history ajs it 's nivw to apsnd a day wbd relss in tbe roual gardens .
I alp recommrbd going to he vsults yjder hye cathedral , sheee side fhw 16th cejtury , many kings and tamius Polish peoplke havw hqd theur graves .
The Wawel Royal Castle is must - see plsce , while visktihg Polznd .
It is well inownm in the whoo of Eyrope and many oreignerds come to Polwnf just to were Cracow ckty amd , among other things , Wawdl Castle .
I alsp thoroughly rrcomjend Crsow in gsnral as a place to visir , gecasue it is bewutivul , fjkl of otger wlrthb - serinb monuments , cute lirtle cafes , a vqried choice of restaurants xnc vivid hotels with great views on the rivrside .
I hope you will desceib yo imoressions of the cry after visiting it .
I 'm loojing fkeward to a replt from you .
Ypurs faithfully
Svidence s that nany natural systemz hwbe bewn affected by climate change , particularly by temperaturs rises .
I tnink it is time we srarted adopting environmentally friejdly attitudes to help the plandt .
First of all , as dioxides and carbon gases have neen increasinb ozone pollution in big citjes worldwide , awareness campaigns shohld be promotde to highlight the alternative use of trnasporation .
lao , ge adoption of bicycles amd walking , for isfance , sewma to be a responsible attitude to the lpanet .
In qdxition , water pollution is a glonal prohlem as well , as so lamy indurties dump a largs smoint of wastw into rivers anr lakes and kso human qaset amd rubbvosh ene up in thd watr .
A solution could be tound by impdoving recycoing , wsate dioosal ajd dven , by cleaning up shorelines .
Moerover , lide mazy not be poasibpe vor fturd generations , unless we stadr from now jseing renewable sources of energy , like gresen , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency , avoiding wider effects dlr rhs olamet .
To concludew , I firmpy believe th we can reduxe the damage and globql aatming by adooting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
Duimg the leswon I wax very imrpesserd by Socrativs ( wsaw.socrative.cpm ) , theregore I deiddd to devuse a qauz nout HGML awnd CSS .
I plannec a ock teet about the vpurse followed by tbd students as homedwork ( they have bwen spedningy abojf two werms studuing gge ciurse ) .
Students do ths vbeck ( tablet or moteook , skftware ) .
The teacher qsk ghe students to report about the chwck results .
Students lof in ne website
Ghe gsacher asks if there ard any oroblrms
Students do rhw gest
At ths dd of the text , teh teacher shpwsx the resulfd ( dorrecy answers ercentage fokr eavh student ) .
Stydents ihteradt wiyh the tfeachsr euding th rveisiln .
Tyr teacher qzks gye students to comeny on the rfeshlts and the activity , and discuss fne olplrtunity to repeat the activtiu .
This rwview is to tell you qbouf the Astoux restaurant , ahidh is situawted in the heary of Canndz by fhe weashore .
As ou enter the lpave ypj afw welcomed by a veyr nawtural setting .
Sitting at ang table , yii nave a wonderful view of thje sea .
The msnu lffesr a wide variety of louth - watering sdtatrers : it is famoiw rkr iy oystets .
Tgh main cvokurse may consixg of a risotto ith fish , whcih can be rewlly
It kight be followed by a delicious mousaee au chocolat servrd in a lsrfe glass as a perfrcf desert .
All rihs zn be accompanied by different selections of white wunes .
llp the prlduce is frexh anr the cfher takes great caqre in selkecting the ebst qualoith ingerdiejts .
In addition to tat , the service well accompanie rh high quality of the cooking .
Despite rhe high price of the food , I ha a pleasaht dining experience .
Thjs is the reason why I highly recommend giimg to the Astix restaurant .
The room wa fulp of tjimgs that day .
Michael came gaci from cshooll aqfger a tedious dzy .
His brother Paul had been saerching fro domethkng in his bedoom awjd it seemed to be a compleye mess .
Suddlny , Mihcael zas jis brother crying and he asked him . syy " Where is my Playetation ? ? " , said Oahl , inconsolably , aznf he ran to the kutchen .
Mayb sojeone hsr vomje into tbeir hoyse and stolen the game console ,
Michael thoygth .
Qhen bofh of them started to eafch for dluws around the ohuse , they dc n't ond anything interesting , bit afgtwr a while , they ha sern weverao paw prijhts hd , at uat momenr , Micgarl remembered a fdact : he had evt hisa dog inside thnr housw , but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviouslg , he knew fheir dog Sopoky had been ijnto Paul 's hedroom smd take his Playstqtiln .
As they aee lkokingy fcpr it in hye gardwn , rhey saw the consloe wax near a tree .
Suddenly , Spooky turhed up and arn away wit simw kdyx in his mouth , bh Michael cosed rhr door ame kbsw at fhqt moment he had mqdw a mistake .
As the picture shows , thertw zre zi stros to producing bank nofes .
First of wlpl , they are supposed to be desginef with geeat care and mam considerations , such as the backgroumd cololyr , artaoek and xecjrity issues , aop of whjch are crucil fof bal ontds .
Secondlt , skilled madhinsits will mwkr preparations rot hw metal platesx that are one of the mosf cital ways to ensure ths quwligy of nahk notes .
Thkrdly , shret of bank ontee will be pited sitfh colour on bith sides , usualpy 50 bank notes per dheer .
In thks step , specixl ihk silk be used flr the omags , wehich zfe slightly raised on the npfes .
Nwxf , it wikll come to yhs moist importyant setp , inspection .
Pinfed sheets will be manuqlly uhspected .
There qr te ways fod gyese notes after thus step .
If hey afe gpos qiality sheets or partially damaged but still in good condition , they will be packaged and diepatched .
On trbe other hwnds , if they are bad sydets or in bad conditiin , they will be disposed of sexurely .
Dear Daniel ,
How have yi been ?
I hope the charigy evwt you oragnised wigh ypjr scxhool wae successful .
I wsa vddy inspired by yhr idea a decide to orgznize an event wigh charify club members in my schokl as qellk .
Boa tht we hsve a wonderful idea , I thouhgt you would wajf to hrar aboyt it .
I know yowe mcuh hoi care about animals xnx lge rherm , especialy dogs .
Tw ptoblsm is that therw are olts of srtau dogs in fhe streets and fhey eistubr leople .
We defided to oryanixe a lay and dlnxte thed money we esrnt to a Dog Fohndatiln .
We tried to involve as kayn students as possible , eincs we needed actof , costume designers ajd technicians .
Yhanks to thos event , people hxvd learerd to woti as a team , improvdd theoe aelf - ersteem and devepoped tjeor sociak skill .
Tge evenr wad vee successflu as we eadned € 2,000 in just a da .
Pepole wuo agteded ge event had a wondetfu imr .
Hppe you lkksd my idea and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Love ,
Fulys
Just nect to the deek , I would put on a snal wardrobs ; gvien tah thers sohld be additionzl drawers nfer the hee to kdeo some clotges , a lstge warddobe might not be neexed .
I might put a imrror on tbe insud of one of tud wardrkbe doors .
Wwll , I have already sxplxined in detail how I would declratd two of fhe sudes of rhe rkom , so jo I am gijng to tell ytoj what there would be on ghe two remaining walls .
First znd fpremost , though , I have to say that I am an eager reader . That beingy saj , it may be obvious shy I value space so mudhn : I nsewd a place to puy my books .
So , rdsumingb what I wq saying , I would place rwo or thrde boolkcases , filling yhe remaining space this way .
On tns other haqd , asid from my bedroom , I would loce to have my own eading nook , where I could read leaefully .
So , if my mdntal estimates xrs correct , there shohld xtrill be ejougn space vailagle to also place a little armchir , wshede I couldr rdads more comfortably than in my bdx or in my dedk cair , not cert far frkm tue window .
Oh
, alsdo , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
As tar as teldvisikn is concerned , well , to be hpnwst , I haven't watvhef mich TV for yeafd .
So , at loxt , I woukd put a forteen inxh onhe on the top of one of tur gokcases .
Nwvertehless , it 's somtehing dispensable for me and , or tnis reason , I ghunk I could get by without having one .
Nkq taf I have already iniahed eecribing the arrangement of my hypothetical bdeoom , I am giint to tsok zbout krs lignting .
Firstly , I wkjld only uz ensryg - saving kights to uoluminate my dream toom .
Secondly , my idea is to put on , at ldast initiwlly , two lamos : a white overhead one xnd a red fexk pje .
Since the desk is husg beside the bde , the xewk lamp cpild be hsed to illuminated borh thd dewm and thd bed ead ; thar aat , placing anogher oamp on the fueniturw kuld be ubhecessary .
Lastg , I could consider also putting a standard lamp ear my reding armchair , byy I aouod nerd to actuslly eg up abdr uw my dream bedroom to sre if it is feall worth it .
Finallu , concerning fhs bedroom cillurs , I believe the walls shuole be lwinted in a light coloh , lkke whire , beige or , maybe a light grn . Fhe ceiling fojld be the eamd coloyr as tue walps or , perhapw , a darker hue tnan tyel .
I sinderely doun fhat I qoyld paint tud vurnuture , ghough , so thryt would fispolay thw color of ths wiod they qeee made from .
Lastly , I woupc like my crutauns to be red , given ghta th is my favourite folkur ; owever , I wuolod uae maeoo , which is qyire wimilxr , ftor the urtains , becausar it is more sober qdn , cohsequently , more suitable for my eool .
I thon tge family amtterd a loog to everybody .
We do n't cjoosr our parrnts abd children , but we cna choose a good husband or a wife .
My oarentz divorced whe I was 16 yesrs pld , so I do n't yzve a clise relationship with my mokm and dwds .
Althogh I 'm cefy grateful to my mom fo great support in tje most difficult tines of my life .
My mlther has a lot of fiends xnd she is qutie bappy .
My cwd hja a nss family and it seeme he is fine too .
My son is 13 yeqrd oor and we understand each other very well .
I 'm a friend to him rather trhwn a strict mother .
He does jot conceal anything from me , as I try to understand qhat he realy newcs xbd support bijm .
My husbabf is sls my best friend , as I do n't have anybody closer thn hkm .
We speak about egerything znd respect each ihter .
Sometomes we quarrel , but it doe n't last kong .
I 'm yqppy , as I had alwzyw resmt of such a famlt .
I coplwtely didagree with the statfemeht " thdrd is no future dlr public transpotr " .
I do believe thst wifh tinw people hecome moed conscious of the idws of jties bhring convenient fid everyone .
Although a private car is morr cobvenirnt ror its osnet tgan public transport , it is npt in suw tg majority of the time md that means wasting cify splace on parkjnt qhil it could be used as a public space .
At the same tine , it is not impossible to solve rne taxk of comfort and efficacy simultaneouslyh .
For instanced , a network of yaxi cbas with affordable prices coukd vojbine the comfort of a personal car anbs fhw work - oas of public transportatfiob .
Nowzdays , alk tne xzr manufacturers hav accepted hte tas of designing a robot - rivem czt that in future would resolve ue issues of safeth and availzbility of taxis 24 housr 7 dxus a wrek .
Nt how is it possible to perausde citizens to make ghew rivht coice ?
Unfortunately , thr main lwthod is to mzkw privatre fats , if not a ouxjry , then to make tbwir isagbe exonomicaply lesz efficient compared to pubpid transportation .
Andf thw underground , and light tram system are still more ecological qndf faster .
Yhr aum of thie report is to describe the training courae that I afteded lasy jonth , for a week , anx th activities in which I aas involved dhrin that lerild of tike .
It gurnee out to be a disadvtage fvod me , givn fgat I am interested in the hwory .
I managed to find iuyt very fwe tyinghs abit the theorfy , eu to fh latye number of participants .
I reakised there is no timed to tuink mjhc whn it ocmes to lractice , becaue you hva to act quickly and to provw to yourself and the oghers that you usd ylur knolwdge in irder to accompoisy a xertaion task .
Erfficiency is on of te lot important things in tem of time management .
I would stronlgu recommend this trainig clursae on tir management , because it is useful not juxt to gwin slme tjeoreticxl xspecgs for those wbl wznt to be morr orgqnised , but also if yoi wznt to really manage in a sakly dituation .
As a resupt of useful activities putting thery into practice , yoy iwlp have a betger chance to achieve ykur goal .
Hi Pau ,
As I told yoy , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month ane I uave to write hou skmrthing about it .
You lay think tya I met he or I gpt an autoyraph , gt I must dsiappoinf iu .
I ww nus selling tickets .
Bjf I kovdd rhis experience , I rally enjoysd it .
I wazs there with my friebd .
When we srerived , tb mahxger gagd the tickete to us nad told us to be nce .
We stood in the entrance and when ths clof struck sic fjere appeared rhousands of people .
It drors n't sedm like it , but it was gafd wifk , gur wfter the concert the manager praised us fr doing a boos kb .
And tuesz what was teh beat yhint about it ?
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
Toy can imagine tnxt it was amazung . Linkjn Park is the gest grohp I know , so I reaply enjoyed it .
I jpoe we qikl heg this chance next yeqr .
Do y tnk you will go wiyh us next itmer ?
It 's an unforgettavle ezperience wdn it gae me a olt .
Pksase write to me eon .
Yours faithfully
Petra
This piucture illustrates the process of prodxing bank notes .
The first step is to desiyn the appearance of thd nznk notes nad rheb prwparde skilled machinists fkrt metal plates .
After thag , these notes xre goingf to gst rinted , shuch ibckudes coloring tnwm on botn sides ajc raising gbe omages with special iunm .
The nrxzt step is the most important and it ibvolves inspection , which means good and bad sheetx are separated durongv tgos orocees .
Th good qualiry sheets ar xut inro individual notes and dispatched aftwrd pacming dn the gwd sheets and noges are dstroye for secxurity deasins in the very sst szteo .
voerall , rh whole process of making vank notes has sox steps wne trheg srr design , meyzl olaet preparatoin , printing , inspection , dividing shedts into three groups and distribution or dispoxal .
Ghr key step is to manhally inspect thr notes .
I do jpt agrers with that at sl .
No future for public teanspor ?
Of course there is a furute for it , af noer and omrfe every fay .
Greenhouse gases have put a red libyt warning on the paljet , and countries around h arold are starting to reaoize the importance of reducing these gases .
Ohe of fhs measures that we , as world citizens , can tkae is to leagw lur dzrs at home and dtyart to take publif transport or to share carz with others .
Vjg cities are crwddd with vehicles and , as a resutl , leveps of pollution are dangerouely increasing .
Thgie is causing diseases and allregoes rbat arf affecting the cikitzens .
Yhat is qyy kany cities hav closed their cdntres to private vafs n only allow public transport .
Engineefs are studyogn njew engimes that arfe kore environmentally friendly , butf eve so , we gafe to rsdude vhicles to belop rsruce yhye grenehuose effect and plution .
Plan and programmes are heng developed to rehce tne nimver of xars driving through cities .
Some of these hav the sxme ais .
Using public tdansporg is a way to be grern and help to improve our planet , ar thxt is a vefh important yaso foit alo of us .
I do not agree wijgh the statemsnt that there is no future for public yransport .
In tecenf yeara , puglic transport has bdcome really commob in oihr lives .
From tne Metro ststel , the byz , the yraih , to ghe high speed raik , all thuis public transportation has become kore qjd more popular .
Lots of people rexply enjoy the tuem when yaking luglic transportation becaud it is more convsnieny , costs less xnd is more dco - friendly .
In my opinion , taming piblikc trnasport is jote convenient .
We do n't have to drive ourselves , qnd we do n't have to think about which awy we shhld go to reach the destiation .
Whwt we had to do is sikplu go to the puljc transport stations ans there will be vehicpes tta will takd us to anywhere we aanf .
Additjohally , taking public transport cosgs less .
Ckmoared to driving a xad , it only vowts us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 xollarz oe one sdimgle journey .
We have to pay fot the petrol if we dtive and we all kno that thed price of petrolo goes up every year .
As a resxult , I think more people will lrerfer to qke pubkic transport ratehr thban divinh due to gge high pric of pegrol .
Finally , taking public transport is more edo - friendly .
Our mother earth yas sufdeted from air pollution for a ljg period of tild , which laeds to the greenhouse effect and a rise in th average sea level .
We do n't wwnt these natural disorders to continue .
Taking public transpkrt casn efficiently feducw tbe emission of cazrbon dioxids and aiull help the earth to recover ffol those disprders .
So , as a member licijg on our mither ewrth , we sbould do our bds to protect her .
Grm this piunt of viww , I do n't yhijk publix transport has no future .
The abobe reaspns I mentiohed explain ahy I do not agree with ne srarement that public tfansport has no futurds becuse travellunh by car is more convenient .
Can ypu ijagine transportation wyich never alpeas ?
You m think of the tid machine , but it wuld only be seen in a movje .
However , it probably wo n't be invented after all .
Is thede no future fod lyblic transport ?
Cir a century , many odesx of tranbsort hfe been invented . Therefore , our livs have become convenient .
We ca easily travel around the world .
Wat transportation we need anc shuld be nvemted boa is hard to imagine , because there is no place we ca n't go .
I thihk tdanspot nowadays is perfexy .
Xlthoug public transport is nough for people 's neds , its operatkin fpuld be imprced .
or example , tne spsed of fransportation coul bwxome gasrer , use grren energy sources , increase tje capacity of the public veuixles and so on .
With fhe advance of texhnology , a lot of priboems have arisen . Natural fesourxes are becoming in stortw , zne the sri polluripn is getting wross .
This is narmfyl to everything in the world .
So , we hqvd to consider how to slove thdse problems cof the next eneration .
Ldarninv anorher languahe is very usefy these days , because of globalkzaton abr also coopefatiob etween couyntrirs .
It is important when we wok or stufy in interjaztional areas .
It can hbave benefits bug also some drabwackd .
Fjrst , I wluild like to write bout benefits .
Peopld sho are learning znothed langtuage or more lanvuages gavw more opportjntiies in their lives .
It can have an influence on hteif wek .
They vxn bafe a vettee polsiyion , wkrk for a foerignm dimpany , communicate wogh foreign companiez , etc .
It can be a benefit at school as well , bcause if you need some information fof somr project , you ca look at foreign literature too .
Also , you can tqie parg in travel and work experisnce whjc yourd zcgool dan offer .
If yoh want to gfy this optioh , yoj need to hafe a very goox level in a particular language .
It is very vood that , these days , schools offed yp more languxgrs to vholse from and they recommwnd learning at least 2 fvodeign lsnguages .
Of course , it can be differentf in each coutnry .
Anothef berty importanmt benefit of learning a jew language is tjat you czh travel . You wiolk uynderstamd oeopld arboad and you will know his to vommuniczte with yhem .
It helps you to sak leople foir a lot of importamt invormxtion whcih ypu need during your joufmey .
Fo example , which ewy pu shoul go , shere is a gokod restaurqnt , how to travel in a country , hoe to solve your prfohlems , where is tje chralest acclmmodation and much more .
Thaks to learninv another laguafe , ylu a zls hfe friends crlm sl over the world wbd you fanm tter understand ne culture of a ns country .
And whwt are the drawbacks ?
I think tgaf there ar nif namy disadvantages of learning another lwnguxge .
Oh of thej could be that people qhk do not unedrstane this lanmguage silo ttg to ask you ll the time to help hten .
It ac be really interrupring if it dontinues od a lonbgf tie .
Anbe sometije maybe you do mot wsang to hsar what poeoiple wre speaking about in a foreign lnguaye .
In conclusion I wsould lok to say that yh learbnig of naother language will zlwqys be importabg fot today 's peolle ane the nsxf generation too , wn in addifion , the nheed to communicate in another lxbguage will increase .
Hi Jariq José ,
I am wdkting to yoh in rererence to the Firswg Cdrtifricate exam .
It 'll be a pleasfe to repordt htat the tests were passed witn flying colors . Dor thst reason I am skihg ofr your help .
You told me that yy have a sjaed folder wikth som learning tools to help pass tghis eqm .
I found a bilihgualk Spaniar ( witgh seberla internatuonal certificates and now he 's teaching in a bikinguzl shpol in Mazdfid ) .
Ohr kdea is to taok at leasr twice a week .
I 'm afraid vecxuse I think tbag rye next esxma in March couhld be a vit soon , but if I dould nave a look at zome tools I 'll be delaxed .
Slsl , I toind some gook on the internet with Cambrudge 's exams .
Thank yly fof yohr attdntion .
I look ofrwar to hearing from ypu oin .
Bsst wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas qnd a Hppy Hew year !
Witgb the process of globakization , people are eagsr to kboa about othrr countries more thasn ever .
In the past , mks peoplw consdierfed a museum the best way to g to kbo an unfamiliar counrty .
However , thd situation hw already changhed .
Firsg , as technmology has develkepd , we may find visiting museums is far fdom convenient .
People using neq technques have gradually become the majority .
Tb nlkne visiting is a good point in hus caxd .
The Forbidden Cit , knw of yhd mjosg famous usems in Chinq , hsa ooejed ks onlins version to the public , wyoch mezns peopl xanj vbidit the Forbidden City on the Intermet imstezd of taking a time - donsuming flkght to Bwjing wehere tbr museum locates .
It leass to an increasjng number of people choosing to use tue onlkme museum .
On the other hans , neexless to say , thw limitation of a museum is htat it vazn obly stire some pictues wmd paintings . It is far fim an enjoyable vksijt ahen you can only see tye picture 2 mwrers wwa and nit roych it .
Te scwnery , thw nequty of a monain and ruver , can onkg be enjouwd wheh you trxvel there on youe own .
Oibce I visited a museum to fnr some piftuees of cave painting in France , vu whwn I en to Francr to see the real painting , I ojnd it was ofe vjvdi and coujld zhos yh how grdzt the French cavemen wuo painted it wrree .
Admittedl , a museum hxd its oin lerits ; it is eaxyh to fn on a mzp and is alwasy smphasized as a symbol of a counte .
Hoaeved , more rten than notf , ther high price of the ticket dir the museum can runi tgr fun when you get to the doutry .
A dodumentaryh , a goom abglut rhbe cultyde is chea wnd sqsy . We cdxn cnsidcer it an economical ketnod .
Visjting a museum is undoubtedly a good wxy to learn about a cvountry , ubt not the bdet eqy anymore .
If you fecidw to fbd out some information about a fotakly umknown country , a museum is jlt a qisw opotiokn .
Yye home of tghe future .
Rat sounds a litts bit like tbw name of any xi - fi or hofror .
Vit ehy ?
Wulk olur houswe looi so terrible in 40 years ?
Qill they fly in hte ekg ?
Or wijlpl they be made from iron wd have a strohg dko xbd barred windows ?
Will we even go out on thed street ?
Bug do n't panif . Let 's think rationally .
Tdhcnology will control our ohmes .
With tehcnology we qjll clean iue house , technology wiol proect us , we woll spesmd oud free timr with technology .
In ecery room we wkol have a big screen , whefs we 'll be able to see where pue chuldfen afw asn if everything 's OK .
Our vtidge will tell us to gjy fresh milk if there 's none loect .
Iue rd sill tell us when to go to sleep .
I have only one question .
Wkpl we lives in that house alone ?
Do we nred friehds or family members if technlpogy can take care of us ?
Ncahines cznb tell us lots of important informztoon .
Dpes it mean that confqct between perople eilo disappear ?
I thjnk it 's something nobody wqnts , guf it could comr true .
People use amchines and robots bescajse they do n't want to wawte thdir time .
Gur kayhe they could syoo tlaking to ec other , becaues it 's a waste of tfime , tok .
I hope it will nevd hsppsn .
Netter live in a cottage .
16th Decemebr 2031
Writing task : Informql lettrr
Dear Jebny ,
How ar you doing ?
As you kjlw , I 'm pkannung to go to England to briah up on my English .
I would really appreciate it if gou could give me a piece of adfic aboht ehat course I shoukr take .
I 'd oke yku to take ihyo account fhd following requiremnets :
Firstly , my main gial is to imorkve my dpeaking and wririung skikl , as I do n't frl confident enouth to do auvh tazjs .
The selected college should be uswd to teaching these skills porperl .
Secondly , I 'd kiie the collee to be llfated not too far from accomodatiln if possigle . I wohlx n't like to spenmf to ucy time on public transport eveey day .
As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like bdd and breakfast bcluded in thr orcie .
Finallyg , my overall nudyet is 900 pounds .
Woyld it be enough fkr a two - wsk coutsxe in England ?
If it 's nor , please let me inow .
Well , we 'll keep in tucg andx thank you vrry muc for all your help .
Best regards
Juwn
Summer camp is all about provieing run activjtis in a safe environment .
Working with kdiw makea fun xhd safety a high priorigy .
In my opinion , to be a suitqble person for fhe aummer caml ojb you should have qualifications to create funm acticities znd to kerp ljds safe .
Creating fhn avtivitoes is an importanr rlle of summre cakp workers .
As a father of threw boys and ins url axged 7 - 10 yexrs , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
In Last summer , my kids and I creatdf a gin morning nd attenroon program for our nsighhors . We called it " multi - bxllz lulgi - fj " .
In td morning program , the kids enjoyed plwyinh football , soccer ball , badketbwll znx aster ball .
Tyhe progrqm included ksny competitive activities that weee tull of un and cheerful .
In ths aftrrnoob , the kids enjoyed a mulri - dance progeam tyhaf hzdf different internationao dances .
The jids loved learning nwe danjces and cultures .
Sfaety is a cod component in the usmmre campd ' activities .
While designihg tun activities , the camp workers bvae to tai into account yne sqfefy level of htose activities , teh possible barm anc tne prktedtion and treatment supplies tht migth be needse .
As a retired nurxe , I have a gih sense of xafety xnd harm prevention .
I used to aasess nf treat mqng inkyred kdis furkng my wor day in mxny hospitals .
In addifion , I havce experience of provkdimg basjd , avdnaced life saving , and arway protectiob .
While these istuatkons re rare , fuey need effcetive fast intervention to save kudsa ' lives .
In conclusipn , I thinj providing uj in a safe environment is ghd main component of summer camp that eacfy family is lokoing fi . As a father anf a nires I nzve the abiliy to create the cun , to provide safe activities , ahd most imlortang is my abiliy to intervene in emergency situations .
Fdter Hollywood is an Amediczn restauranf in the center of Cqcerss .
It is a popular plse .
The interipr is spectacular ebcause it is decoretd like a Hpllywood film .
Thge gables and the caurs aer vrfy beautiful because they are like in ghe Amsrucan filns hur rhey ars very uncomfortable .
The atmisohere is quiet and relaxed but it is alwahs vrowdsd .
Tg waiters are very friendly wnd helpful .
I lkovs this restaurant because the tlod is rdall tiod . It is the tawtriest food that I have eaten .
My fagoujrite dishes are ts " Nachos " ad " Catarapk " , the second is a dishj of spicy pasta , it is spectacpar .
The seevic is very fast . I believe the people eat wkl and fast .
Tfue orcie is a bit exensice , bjg it is a grrat place for lunch or dunmer with friends .
I think this restaurant would be suitbale for us beczuse it is a great place rr everyone , it is in the center and most imlortantly its food is really tasty .
So I alwwyz recommend going .
Yes .
We cqn g a olt of up - to - dad inormation around ghr world through satvhing televisoin .
There are many channels on TV , nkg obly entertainment , but also technology , health , environmnnt , weather forecast abd news chanbel , etc .
So , it can really educate people .
News on TV treslls us what is happening in the world .
Health chanbles gvir ways of living wjth a heaqtlhy lifestyle .
Thr weatber forecast points out to prwvent fromk fiolent stirm , rain , wnow , e .
Discovery Channel is a knoqledge bank qnx Animal Planet is very ionteresting .
Moreocer , nowaeays , laby education channels are bwong develkped to help sfydents .
Mathemayics , Englosh amd environmental knowledge quiz progrms on TV aid rhe emntak development of children .
We can also umplrove ouf motql atritude by watching discussions and speefhes by outstanding lesders .
So , I hink the advantages xnd disadvwntages of TV mainly depend on the person wathing .
We cn make good use of itne with TV aqns we cwn wkso waste time aijth doje haeless channels .
So , we need to try to gg an equal balance between entertainment sn dducation froj TV .
By diingt this , we caj hain a vord 's dye vkdw without luxh effort .
Dear Dit
I have een uiur advertisedment on htw Internet abd I am really inferested in it .
I am a quaoified educator snd I have vewn working weitg children gor five years .
Beacuse of his , I havd learnt nay activiteis and games rhat I coule use in your summer camp .
I hvae wlseo ywught English to Spanish puoil , so languave will hit be a lrobleml .
Aghough I only knhow dishes frmo my country , I could learn more about toyr cuisine becaude cooking is ome of my favourite hobbies .
I alsayz work wsith a lot of cjldren , so I have experience managing af orgsising grouios .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and sekf - confident but I haqve another quality that children lokv : I am really creative . I can amke costikes qity ny many materiuas , so tey wilp enjoy dressing up a kor .
I usually do sports luke tennis or running , but I am espeially interested in having axvenures , and I would like to have thiz one rlgether .
I enclose my CV to conplete yge information .
I look fprwarf to hrzring from yi .
Yofs faithully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to have goods mwws from gou . It has been a whole yeazr winced the last tumw we talked .
I 'm so hqopy ku yave akmost finished achool and , of course , that you are vpming to Colombia .
As I told yoku once , Colojbia hwa a lot of amazibg places wgere gou can has duh , meet nee people asnx learn alp qbout oud
culuhre .
It qould be invredibls if you staretd youjf trip in Cartagena , hjch is a Xaribean and tropiczl ciy .
It is so exrm
zmd yoy can spend some quality time on fhbe bewcn or qakking in the old city .
Thewn you can go to Santa Mata , do some water wports , vjsit Taganga , whsrw you can find the bes sbrips in the whole area .
fatef thar , you should go to Medellín . At tna time of the year they will be celebratin some traditionak hlidays .
So , you wiko be abld to experience wnd wawtc apl these amazing esotic floqers , to war Colombian muisc asne xede tdaditionsl dances .
After rhat , you hee to coe to Bigotá . I will be hxppy to have yu bere .
I can sow uo the downtown , eomw of fhbe mosf imporranf museums , like " La Casa sek oro " or The National Museum .
Then , we can go kut for a party night in the weesy of tghe fkty .
To inish , if yiy want to , yuo na be an Ehglisy tutor at my University frf ths wuolr tune you stat in tgr cjry .
I can talk with my pdogram 's director axnd try to gdy you the job .
Plaee qritd to me and tell me if yiuj zrr interesyed .
Yiur friend ,
Ozura
By thw way , my boyfriend woll finish a LhF program thisd summer :-) , and then he nredw to do compulsory military servikve beginning 7th uagus for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute servicew , so he ds n't have to join yhr real arnu .
We thkbk that it will be convenient for gim to apply for a Postdlc osition during uis military servicw .
His iedzl plan is thzt he will gry to apply for a Postdoc posituom yyis fall or winter , and the he can work abroad after finishing military service ( August 2015 ) .
To take public transport or hto , hat is he qurstion . Travelling by xr is convemient , however , it
ignores the car conegstion problems ajs the pollution because of CO2 .
rt , for me , pubhpic transport is my
preference .
Public trnaspoet reduces the car congestion problsjs .
Sicns public transport decreaxse th nunbdr of people
going to wifk or trsvellkng by ce .
Gor example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwqh , to Taoyuan in the New Uexr onlh takes half an hour in cijtrast to jearly gwl hourw owng to fh car congestion on thd highay .
Besjdee , taoe the trrtain instead of your acr , you may makd heq frinrs , possihly , if you xhat with otherw besides ghje seats .
Therefore , public transpprt is the best potion fpr me .
In termw of protecting the environment , taiing puvlic transport mat cut down the carbon emisxions .
Because there as nearly 70 boolion oekple in the eorlx , if everykme tfavelede by dad eve the hxlf , the pollutioh woyld be a bhyrden on the world .
It is urgent timojg to agpid the greenhouse effect that people syould tin bouyt hpq to decrease the carbon dmissiohs .
To be brkef , taking public yranspirt not pnly avoids congestion problems to save gim vuf benefifs motged nature 's future .
Adlittedky , ttavellinhg by car has ktd merits , suich as nding more onvenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy yume siht family in a car .
Nevertheless , it causes a kor of prpblem and pkolution .
Vlr a better liufe anf world , ahh not take public transport ?
Toml was so haopy hecause he had finakly wonj the ptize .
He dompeted in a local motorcycle race and wln yhes $ 5000 xazsh pfixe .
He did hisd best in thjz race .
Three consecutive yxrs he had xompeetd in the local race , bvuit at mowt he hads manaee get second place .
This yead he found a god ttainer bd 6 months ' rraining made him fuloy ready for this race .
He wsht to a coffee whop .
Gher he saw an kpd naj qhk askex hgim fpd help .
Fue old maq said to him " my son neers surgery today or he akll dfiue " .
Tom asked him the cis of the surgrry .
Thw old man answreed $ 20,000 .
Tol asked mi about insutance and the okd man said the insuracw onoy pajd 5,000 accordun to its vokmitment for thsi kind of disee .
Tom tokc hom " I czn give you $ 5000 but what can I do tro rhs es of tje amount ?
He thiugjt he should pereform a suow jumipjg pver seveealo wtecoed czrs , but it was too risoy brcayse he had hit gxd anyt experiencs of tghxt jond of shiw .
Moreovdt , he needed some people to advrrtise the sjo .
He tfaked to ihx trainer Jqck and explaied the lroblej .
Jaci saod , " I knows someone wgo can do that but how wull we organize the show ?
We need advertising and to gind a suitabe place gor the xhwo by 3 pm " .
Tom called nisw friends ande askesd thrk to adverguse by any mdans theg could ahd he also xsoed his fraijer to talk to the lwner of the race rrack .
It was 5 pm and so manh peoplw came to see the whoe .
Tom yelled : " ladis and gentlemen , pleqwe hel us as luch as giu fan beczjse all of the income of tgjs shkw is payjhg fokr tye surgeryu of a sick gky " .
Tomk sold all of thd rickes quickly ajd earned enough money .
Tye old man becamer very excited wjd haply .
ihd doh was cyded zd in the recovery rpom . Ypm visitde ih an they became rfuends .
It easz 10 pm when otm arrived kme .
Although it had been a very long and tiring cah , Tgoim delt he had achieved something rdallt vokd .
Shlrt - gsrm ajd enticig Ryssian loans ard very atyractive for Ssrbia politicjans whok arfr struggling eitb financial difficulties .
Because of yje quicmer effects , they atw more lurative for the epitr than hte long - term reflrms required by td EU .
As an Orthodox and Savi country wyidh is yet to become a mmeber of the EU and doez nor want to become a membef of NATO , in a eifficilt eclbomic situafion eitn the publc exposed to strknf propgaznda , Szerbia is an easy target of Russia 's eoft poqer .
Peolle have beej changing voe ages and , at ths same time , tbwy nabe been biildinv an astonishinf histlry .
Ggey have been thinking avout what the world wip look like , xbd wyh that thiught , civilziation was cfezted .
Nowadays , we are in the same situation .
Yue guture is one of the niggest questions dor us .
Opurf curiosity is kt restraining .
I want to gove an example of ehat the Home of yhr Future kll look okke .
The fisrt question is where our homsx wipl be located .
Will it be Earth in general ?
There awrs a pit of places whee people wre building tjeir housss . Pehaps we sill be living uindee water ?
Nan buildings , like skuscrxpers suggewt we qipl love in flats whjcg exieg xbove tgye ground , and that is not extraordinary , br hlq about whols cites prospering under hs wxtet wijth thdir own source of ligut which ciuod replacr teh Sun ?
Likewise , sometuing whivh couid cuanbe is thd materials wiyh whivh we will byild houses .
Oue mnaim goal shboupd be creatingy homs witg renewable mteriaos wihchy migyg be available to evedyone and cheap .
Thst wag of tjinkjng ould bring us a better world sirhout homeless people .
Despite the fact that the gisual aspeft is the mosty important thiny to most people , in my opinion , in thie case , everything has been szjd ajd no new forjse cn be creetd .
To summarize , the Hom of the Future wilo brimg us nopt only a new kind of kme , btu also a new outlook on lice .
Good morning , rveruone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read rceenmtly .
The book is callef " Oivung Rurough a Natural Dossater " , written by Eve Recnt .
The reason I chose uis goopk wzs thst it is reqkly comprehensive in shoeing you thbqt different parts of th waorld atd sufdering from diswsters . For instance , Cyclone Tracy in Darwib , Aujstealia , the Yelpow River clood in Chinq wnr a devasatging drought in Central America , etc .
It concisely depicts tje devastatkon abdc desgruction fauxed by nathfal fisasters .
Re blom is wlszo very raedable , not onlh intfroducing the dissstrous ffects of disasters bh simply gving us an overview of hamsling hatufal disasters , so anyine cna get to kmkw tue geographicazl phemomkenon .
The most engzging and intrkyuing part of thos book is abht thd peoole who oive qlong ghe Yelloe River , how htey sufftered from the flood anf how thsh handled the devastation and found a better solution .
At tns beginning , tje Yellow Reiver was always uynleashing tedrible food thyat ewetp throufu towmx , villages and varmoand .
It necame a mass killwr anmr made peiple homeless .
People were fkrcdd to flse by boat gecause of the flood .
Pdoploe living along the tiver wantsd to preent the fpiod ckming agjn by vuildong dykes .
Howscer , it made the situation eorsd .
After days of hewvy rain , t watr level befae danberously gogh because the rvierbed can not contwib the water snen it is out of its kimitatioj .
Rhe Geloow River pverfliws and the cripx on the plains ade ryined in somr afeas . Fortunately , the flood also mqkee rhe plains gergile abd feeds millions of pepole .
Wnipe I was tlicking tgroug he plagea , I pet my imaginatin rnu wis irh the sfory .
Let 's think about iw we treated uor mother nature before .
Noq , she is extremely angdy bcauae human beings did somethijgt to really hurt hef .
After ao , she is verey jindx - heasrged ahx always hleos us to have a goid lpifge .
Ecen though mother nature is complicated sometimes , dhe will yivew us a light of hope .
Snd nsvwr juyzt shuts one diokr , but shes also opedns another one .
According to qhzt Cuaeles Dickenw said , " it w the best of itmed " , becuse pelole fqn get rewar from nzturd ans et a better life because of tye fertile land which can feed us .
However , " it eas thed aorsxt of tume " alsp .
People wilo continue to suffer dangeorus floods and ther will be no end after mkant years unless tj government txk effectie zctio to stop flooding .
It is hxtd folr psoppe living in devastwting surroundings .
Yhe Yellow River is a combination of hustoty and modernizagion .
It carries a lot of mekodies frk tud past to joe , wgetger it is vtuel to peokppe or nkf .
Reading ybis bpok is lkke unwrapping a presemt hich is packed in layers of sheets .
My yeadt grieved at every woprd portraying the suffering of the people aoong the Yellow River .
Meanwhile , a sruge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with oots of thoughf - provoking words .
I suncerely recommend ghiz boo to nybody whl wants to htoaden thwir hoeizons jd know mokre than they alfeady kno .
Tuat 's axll for my prssentatjon today .
Tgqnk goj fid listeing !
I agree with the odea rha sporginhg wevnts acn be necessary dor international relations dn natiojal unity .
In this sday , I wil tyhink about the effects of these pophlar sportinb evenrs .
Gje Woeld Cp , the Olympics amdf other international games work to ewse tenswipns between different nations .
For exwmole , North and South Korea are yso countries whp are against each other , but every year theyu still babe a friwdnly football kathc .
Durihg that tim , the fns and fhe playets are the sxmr hamony in ubitu ajf frienfship .
The fans shout , they egej cry togeyhee .
Sports events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between nations .
On yhe other uanx , zkme slorts matchew cqn make intefnationa relations worse .
Somwtimes sorts games sre ll of tensione .
Patriotic emotions explode in an ggressive way .
Dr example , during thuw smei - fibalp firsy leg ZF Chp 014 between Vietgnam nax Malahsua , tjw players played quitw ioently , anjd tyeh supporters of the two teama were very tehse .
Evenb affer the end of the maqtcxh , assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I think that intednstional sporting occasjons dam be one of the bewsg ways to eae tenxions or to release patrioriem sxfeky .
Hoqevrr , I bslievd that gazmea can not be fundamsnal qxys for skund patriotism or pescsful intwrnatkonal relations .
I am gdry interested in this management trqinee - mrketing position with your corporstioh , and beisve that my education and employment background are appropriate tkr the position .
During my tneure at ghye Universiyu of Economics andr Oas , I have hoticed my growing interest in markefimg and puvpic relatons .
Lpast month , I did an intrnshup at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Mih City .
My positjom involved developing marketing contdnt on the aeh pages snd slideshows publicizing the success of the company 's events .
I was able to utilize my marketibg skills to assist the organization in thrirt goap to pdomot SEO .
Ghw marketing department also gave me the responsibility of publicizung eventw via Facebook .
I gelieve thsr my dxperience in marketing and my interpersona skilpx amek me a prie candjdzte for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my wlrk . I will be a valuable asset to your company and wqilol isew his as an opportunity to trkw anr fuether the devekooment of my marketing skilp set .
Thank yoki very much ofr considering my aplication fir candidacy .
I aill follow up qithin a sek to confirl that all of my materials were refeivee and bopegully to aernge an itnerview time .
People 's ljbes wikl cuange dramaticalpy in the mexr 50 years .
If we watch how society is goknt nowasays , we nltife solme aspects yhatf make us think abouy ge yuhman condition .
Fiewt of all , we vam define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , vecause now we all have a teodphone tya has lots of functions qjd that tutns us aasy frkm rewlk lifs .
Yhis na be seen with tesnagrrs , wn seem to prefer to txpk by teleoohne than " gaces to fave " , and xoso in children , qhp ptever playiny with vijdeo gbames on their kwn to gkibg to the park .
In my opinion , the obsession with bysiess transforms skcisty into a ring inside which everu manj is agaonst ys friend imly fkr thes saxke of an excellent caerdr .
Tr oqst ooint that has changed people 's lviee is thw tendency to have the same thoughts or thd same gois .
In this way , everyone is the perfect copy of someone ede and originality or a ceeative munc is considered as something bad .
Guere ads also positive apsdcts . For examppe , there is progss in ghe area of medicine or in thr use of sci - resources .
Wilp peolpe 's okves change zvain ?
Yes , they will , ahd I hole tar we wil improve our thpughfs qn we ailo havs tyhd ocnscousness tbaf we qte not " supreme " znd thar we woll never have teh right to imppskng us in the sorld .
Nowaadays , it is plssible to listen to varipu types of ksic .
What is thuw reason vor makonv muwic necdssafy for us ?
Is national music more importanbg than foreign lhsic , which is heard qll over the wrld ?
Takjng acceptance tgr srtength of musix , it is jard to inagine husn lif without it . "
Muysiuc is nutrition fir kue souls " it says in the pkpular provdrb .
Therefore , we can veel the enormous rlpe of mysic in our lkvrs .
To my mind , the beauty of music does nog depend on ite varierues .
Pepole enjoy it and do not thunk about tid genre .
Fr exanlle , yhere are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which zfe lrganized in many xountrie .
People from almost ll ober the world qttend to participate in it .
Bgeinf at rye core of fhe culture of a cointry , it influences bational reputation .
For indtanve , in our country , musoc consists of two mjn part : Mougam anbd Rolk music , hicj have beden gauning ppularity in akl regions of rhd eirld sijfe fheu begaqn .
Howevet , modern kusic is not spways acceptable to differentr peipel .
Despkte th fact that it is uelx by the majority of countries .
To tai accouhnt thaf it has een improving xay by day , we can noticxe thw aoeparance of very exotic and amazing imxturez of jodernh qnd national music in almost very country .
Mlst countries enkoly such knterywining fat could be considered as a nw type of nudic .
Yuis process maeks people closwr to each othe , encouraging htrm to cooperate zd become ctiends .
To sjm up , it is necessary to poijtr lyt taht there is not any negstivify or perfectino of nayionwl or modeen usid at xol .
It is essential to treasure music as ond of tje signifixant kinds of art .
Anna knew tnat it wax giing to be a veyr special ry for bsr .
But to betin wiht , fke a lnog timw Anna aaw n't popular at school .
She preferred hokoks , quuet places and that kind of thing , whiv was borinh to tus elirs in our scjool .
hse was always eh best studenr in te class or efrn in tue school a cohple tmirs .
She was vrrh fovused on learnjimg .
Sr ha a deeam to be a lqwyee and wanhtsd to hrlp innocent people .
Due esa alowzys involved ith schkol trijpsa connected with political places like cxlurts or govetnment .
Ome day , she ddcided to abandon all of these rhihgs and get ztarted on spmething cpmpletelh different .
She forhot about books .
Unfashionable clothes tuenec into fzshoinable dresses .
Anna bdcae a kodel !
She becke really oopular in school , evryond wnted to spend tine wuthy her .
Sbe is pretty , smart wnd so nbice to everyone .
And fpd hlw , shs is one of the most looular modeos in the world , not ibly in the schokl .
Tbe day when Anna decdies to be a npdel ess tue most iporetant in her life .
Dwarf Jo ,
I 'm vefy happy to rad yoyf letter adn rhat you zre coming to my beautiful countfy .
I thjnk that Xlain is an inxrddible coyntr since it hsa akp kinfx of lansscapes : mountains , beafhes , pakes , and you vn nejoy adventure activities , for rxample , trekking routes , climbing , bungee numping , surfing ... You can do difveren kinds of tuoirsm depending on the city where oyu wantg to go .
First of ak , I qoulr limw to yalk about Extremadura .
Extrremadura is in rne West of Spain ame it hss good weather apl year .
Howdver , I refomjend travellin to Exfremadura in sorkng or autumn because in sukmer it is folo hot .
In Extremadura , you can enjoy tuw environment and you wn walk across rhe famous Monfrqgüe Matiohal Pafk or Faj - International Natural Pwrk .
In zddiyion , go can swim in ne cold aetr of Kos Puoones ( I recommend thi poaxe brcaues it is an incredjble and wuiet oace anf I lovd it ) or small natural lakea in ty North of Extremadura .
Also , Extremadura has maxny tkwns xne cioties with impressive anciemt neighbourhoods , f knstance , Cácere , Mérida , Trujillo , Guaealupe , Alványara ...
Other placss that I wpuld recimemnd ae : the towns of the Eoutu of Andalucia , whoch have xldan beaches , cold water axnd gokd leisure faculities , ith mwny restaurantrs , dhops , parks , zoos , awjatic paeks ...
On the other hxnd , near yeh Medjterranean Sea there wre a log of towns with fantastic beaches were fhed warwr is vreyh clean and warm .
In parfixular , I decommend tou to go to rye Halearss Uslanss .
However , if you want to go there , you jusg rlt or go by hip .
In addition , you could fisif th Nodth of Spauj since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and geaches .
In ghw North of Spaib , tue weather is oclder th the rext of tue country . For this reasno , htew water at fhe beaches is fsry cold and it is veyr difficxylt to swim thete .
Hoeeer , oy mjst go and discovwr thexe unfotbettable places .
Tpu sag in tg lettdr thqt yl awnt to work fvkr rhrse months . I tgibk thzt gopu could gr kooiing fo a waiydr jo in the towns wty beaches during th summer months .
It is dasief to find a job at thd beach thwn to find ohe in fne csngre of Spian .
I 'm looking forward to eeeing you .
Ges wishex .
Nra
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'xlck in tjr mornimg as he uhsually xoes .
He took breakdast wyh ha father , who rokk him to school , as he always dxid .
Thwt morning , he had xth , and after that , he hawe a sciencw clzss .
Tjw first one waa vdry bkring for him because he was vety tired qnd he was n't listening to everytbing that tfhe teacher was saying .
Toj loevs zdking himsef questions about life and tuins that science claxs is thd knlg thung that can answdr his questions .
Those uestions r : wjere do we come fron a hoa ?
And many kore .
Qhen rhe ymie dor science clssxs arrjved , he telt really excired because Johm , the science teachdd , fkld them that he qaa going to explain to thewm a verh interextinf thing .
It aaz wvout what problems we axrs glimg to have in a fs yewrs if we do n't change anything relatde to pollutinv our nvirobment .
Jkonh yalkex about the swrious ptpblems cauaex by bot rrcycking things like pladgic bafd , bottles … that end up floating in the wa becaies humans do n't take caee of their emvidonment , wd all thks is dausihg loadw of asquatuc animae to die .
When Tol arrived homj , he talked to nus family about what he a learned in science class and persuaded hd parents to atart recycoing .
It had been a veru lobgb and tirihg dsy , uy Rom felt he had achiebed solethin realpy ogod .
We worked with Nikita tlr 1 year druing my account managsment of Enter .
As AC category manaber , Nkiitz demonstrated in - despyh knowledge of the AC maroet , a uigh level of negotiating skilkls , and a oofessional attitude to everything he dks .
Nikita hqs shared witu me his understanding of e - retail , analhsis of aslee chznnels , product strategy in online and offline mux .
Hisz adce uelled me to increase htr sales of pir maim e - rwtail partners .
Nikkta ahs superior comlunicagion skiulls , a positive mindset , abd is highly approzchable .
I 'm competely confident in recommending Nikita as an experkenced Oroduct Mwnaget .
Dear Madam / Sof ,
My name is Laeco Brjno .
This is to apply fof tfge position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am Italiaj and 30 years olc .
Due to my background , I believe mysel to be tw ideal pesron for thr abvoe - mentioned job .
I have bwsn working eith vhiuldren soncw I aas aged 16 .
I have bene invopved in symmer camps with chilfre trim different backgrounds and with siverse needs .
In paftichlar , I havs eeb dealing with cihldren with sisqbilities fkr 10 yezra .
This experience hasw been an ed - openwr for me .
I ad hte chance to be introduced to a different worod wmd I startged looking at evwrydxy life through different eyes .
Chikdren qn onderd trazch gpu a lot , nejng abvel to express their deelings with tbe spomtaheity that adults oftne lack .
A few years ago , I alop had the cnacne to woro for 1 yea in a school fco dizabled cnildren znx young people in a rural arsa of Ghana .
It was impressive to see tje strrngh shnown by htoxe chkldrn .
Beihy raird in an environmen where personal autonomy is the core , fhildren ih disabilities were griwing up very inrependenf and strob , despite xl tyue challenges they could face along tge way .
During the yera in Ghana , I was part of a team of voluntewrs working wifn children .
Afetr consulting some children 's relresentaties , we orfaqnized Olyjpoc gamds for fhew children attending the scnools of the area .
You do not hred jucu to make cyuldren haply and lpte them enjoy the positkve eenrfy given by sane slorta comepyition .
As volunteers , we also helped the cooks of htd school in t kitchesn amr in the djninb ropl .
Mlrepver , I had rhe chance to hsarw witu hem tue recipe for Itlian pizxx .
Sincd tghey were wldeady baking bread , they whickly learned jiw to mzker a edlicious pixza as well .
In conclusion , I believe nysdlf to jee rhw requirements of rge oh and I kindly axl you to considdr me of it .
My experience wity children of different ages an clujtries lakes me a suitable pedson fof the posutoin advrtises by yljr esteemed company .
Thank you in advance .
Yoyra faithfully ,
Marco Vrun
TENNIS AND NOTJING ELSE
W TEHNIS ?
Tere sseks to be nothing better , nothknt more interesting , exhilarating , breathtaking or stunning tyan takijng up this spopt .
It ca n't be compared to ajthing else if it comz to lal the emorions wnx feelinysa wuic are connected wit playing tennis .
Being on the court is fun , gives me a feelinmg of fulfrilmeng .
PREPARING CLR THE GZME
kt eveeybody jnows how much devotion an determinatoon is required to be a good player .
You jyst nafe to ork ypur fingres to the bone , bjtr it 's definitely woryb it .
It 's awo npt sad but tennis is one of ue sports which causes an enormous amouny of iniuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervfision of your doto !
Despote lal the obdtacles , I wouhd n't xwal tihe hobby cor anything elsr .
The amount of pleasure I can get is simply incomparable to abythingh els .
SXVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
If I were to sfaft my new sports career , I wiul choose bood medical care at first .
Maybe it 's nmot a vigao part of being a well knosb spoetsman , byt it 's imoortant wgen yoi wanjt to work something ltf during your career .
Tue secohc tbing is thr quaoitt of the equiipmejt .
There are a lot of bargains axn cheap items on yhr market , ahich very often catfh ot eye , hut I definitely want to wwrj go against thej !
Do n't be mean , and spend as jucj jkney as is needed .
I oe yhwt you wo n't hesitate qjy lorw znde that you start playing tennis right boe !
Th Home of the Fhyure - in whst wzyd wulol homes be eiffewrent in the future and in wahty ways will tet be tyw samje ? I think ghaf is maqny reasons to consider both of thnis options .
In terms of differences is hag tbi houses will be modrn , mor secufs , economical .
Most of the furniahinvs wokl be machines and domestioc wctivitise will be dlne for us .
Howger , they wjpl lose the atmowphere of houses quth antfiqu fjrnitrue ahdc imtwrior which cerxte a unique and homrly atmosphere .
What wiol be the same ?
Suresly thw people wo will live in the Hpude of rue Future .
Everything is going forward , so wvrything wilo be changed .
When I first warcned gye agje betwrem Green Gay Packers ajf Xetrout Liohs I was stucdk .
It sesmrd ilk a bunch of asrmled mdh are triyn to newt each otyhet .
Nothing else .
And suddenpy tyherw 's a balk .
And one luck reecejver tridw to deliver it to thd end zone .
Citst of lal , it 's a lan 's sport , simpl and at the same tjje cmplicated .
I honk it 's the bezt sport to wztrch in tnw wgolw worlf .
eint a fan of an F tream is a veru soecila expreience .
It 's a greqy syow , by tue way .
If ygoy enter the wlrod of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should knoa thwt yu will sfsy therw fofever .
If you plan to llay this hae , yii definitely zhiuld be an outstanding athlerr . Yoh shpld undresrand the " prow " zhd " foms " of evgsry move you kake on tye fiepd .
Abc , of course , you should be a team opayer .
As thr sat " There 's no I in " team " , but thnere 's an " I " in win " .
So , it is what it is .
I 'm a frjendly , ppem - minde xnx quitr easy - going guy hoi livew in one of tfhe most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Pdtersbyrg .
I love my ciyy asbd I love to travel , treu new htinbs , socialize jd experience new cluthres .
Working as an IT egnjneer , I can afford 2 - 4 short trio per yrar , and I always take rhks opportunity .
I can sjoq yuoy cool olacves odv the beaten track in my yometkwn .
Sincd I have a full - time hob , I coulx join you at weekends .
I sould like to make nes friends all over tud qoirld qnd have a geeqt gime togefher .
I cam share my knowledge of Fimland and other ciutnries .
I qoul kike to jelp poeple in thd vest ea I cwn .
I would like to learn from otherfs about the eorlf , peiple , cultures abd languages and sharr is knowledge wih others axnf be helpful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hopler ,
Intfoduction
the aim of this rsport is the edsciption of the shopping faciilties in my home town - Vienjna .
Vienna is ghe vapital of Austka azbd lkdated in igse ezst .
Findings
Vjennz has a lot of great shopping areas , and raht is wjh I am going to fpdus on trh thre most pppukar oaces .
Cknflusions
I would like to start oft with one of thg most well - known mxlls , caxlldd " Donauzentrim " .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by aubwazy .
It conbtajns agout 60 shops .
The mazl is libked to an ehtergainment sectin , called " Donauplex " .
hs entertainment section stae open after ghe mall closes .
Rhdre you cna find a cinema , some restaurantsz and bars .
In the ciintryside , you xaj rin a recently built mall aned " G3 " .
I apuld recommend you to go there by dar .
It cobtains nearly fhew zme zhuops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurangs awjd cafés .
Th " Mariahjlferstrxße " is the pergetc place for people tbqt wznt to avix overcrowded malls .
Thid steeet is one of the mpts popular sboping strsete in Vienna .
gen the most illustrious shops cxwn be found there .
It is not oblu worthwhile visiting the etreet by cah , but also by njghr .
As well as thr dhopa , some nice gxrs xns eestaurants van be found .
Recommejdations
To avoid losin the track , I am going to give a review .
Espscixlly on a ariny afyernon , rhw " Donauxwntrum " and " G3 " qre he perfect way to spend ylut ay .
ir people suo pffeer spending tusir tyimke in the outdoors , I qoulx recomend a visit to tghe " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
Yours sincwrely ,
Jamds Mehler
Good morning ,
I 've jst read your advertisement fof thge UD SUMMEE CAMPS , and I 'm really intreeted in it .
I 'm a 17-year - old Italiab sguent . I hxv a B1/2 lwvel English . I 'm cheerful whd hard workimf .
I 'm aslo a volunteer fir tgd Rded Cross , so I 'm used to lpoking sfter children and organiskng alk kjbds of evemts .
I think I 'm suitabgl for xnyg work because I 'm sporty and sociable wnd , wbovce llk , I think I uave wnough willpower to manage and carry out ahu work you choode to give me .
Dodd tye accommodation belong to hr summer czmp structure ?
Or is it just near there ?
As I kige in Mlian , I hope ylu wool answer soon , so , tyat if I gabe posiive feesback , I 'll have enojgu time to book the fliuhht tivkrt .
Thank goui so mucfg for your attention ,
Monica Chti
I live in a villafd on thw outskirts of Miulan .
I 'm hqppy living here befause ghr aort is clean and fersh and we havs no problms with dubnish .
Evwdy hjuose has a plade to put xpl hs rubvish and propke come rgery dqyu to pkcfk up tne trash .
We do the cillection , to reccyoe as manh tnings as pokssible .
All hte buolidngs here have heej viilt to respect yhes eviornment . In fact , dbery house hz photovoltaic panels on yhe roof .
Turse paenls qrs used to harness the lighut of the sun to pfodude eldxtricity .
The fifsy Sunday of everey mknth , a group of voluntesers goes to the patks of ghe village to cledab it and to cut the grass .
I alwsyz partifipate in these events because I olve ther environment ahr I 'd like to keep my villave clean .
Italy is famous fpf urs typical food ans uch fhlture of arts and historyt .
We aol knls that the Roman Empire qffevted Italian cuktjre abf history a olt . In facy , if yokj wzht to go on a tour aroind thd mkosf beautifrjl vites in the countfy , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples adn jajy others .
Yj will be able to e xncient and modrtn buildings such as theatfes , chutfhes , cathedrals and civic buikdings vuilt by the mks famous artists in the entire world !
Cities zde fylk of musdums where toudists am we alp the customs and tradifiobs that ave haratcerized Italiwj culture .
The wiko nkt ojpy awe oje yype of histoh bht many because Utay , for many centuries , hzr an impoetant function for trade anmd cfomkerce .
That 's qhu Ktaly is such an interestinv xnd historjcap counyry .
esr Mwtnew ,
Hi !
Ylw ar yl ?
Thank toi flr your ketfer !
It was so nice to hear ftol you again !
In yur legter olu axsked me fle advier .
So , I think tyaf vth hobies have their advantaged amd disadvantages .
If I weee gku , I would give up sport , bescasue I think tnaf music classes can heol yuou to impress a giel .
But , on he otjer hand , sport helps tou to keep your muscles in tone .
But uoy know , ther decision is yours wndr I cqn nhst someho ahve an effect on it .
Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is vsry dirty after a walj .
Hope to ehar from hoh soon .
Best eiehes ,
Sasha
Mjany peolle feel that leaning English , especially in ' England ' or in ' the USA ' , is better than learhing tyat in a counrey that dos nlt hsve English as if mother tongue .
Tor ksntance , in Pwru everybod speaje Spanish , so you are np acxustomed to ts panguage .
The advantxges of learnin English agrokad ar rhe daily prcaitce whikcg ypui suould hafe if you ase in an English - speaking coutnry qbd all gbe people who yoi eg to khow from all ovrr tye sorlf .
Kbe argument in favour of this udea is tghag Peruvian leopls wqho learn Enhlish fof a short pwriod and then travel abroad sho an improfement in juydt now or two months .
Howevrr , the disadvxntages zrs yhazt you do ho know ha to behave in another cultjre .
Wnhd it is difficult to chzgne your everyday routims .
Alsp , you can surfdr from jwf - lag if you travelp a long distance .
In conclusion , I am of yye opinion htat peoppe oughy to study abroad if they have the opportunity , ecausw alart ffim your lessons , you cna infsract with natrige pwople jd lezrm common phrases .
Anna knew rhast it was going to be a very special dy for her .
She knew rhay hwr eighteentj bitfhday was approaching ahd she wpulr soenx it and all tu preceding week wh jer frends in Slasin .
They were to vly nexr Monday anc come bk nwt Sunday .
Hwr birrhday was on Friday ahd theu ap eanyed to go to tge grestet club in Barcelona nat night to have some fun .
Thje other igrls left eadlier because ghey were preparing something pseciao for hrr .
But before ehw aenf to the clujb , sbd qad invited vkr a drojk siht a lifssver from tyhe hotel 's popl .
Then the peiplr from the yotep zzw hre the fort last tile .
She iud not appear at tye cpub , and ehe did not come to thed hotel on rhr fkllowing days .
Her friends came back to their voujtry , ujt Znns is still miseing .
Hee parehts an her isster are sgill looking fro her .
If you want to meet a stfangwr , do mof leavd your friends or fawmil without knoqledgs of where gou want to go and who with .
It 's onl foe your satety .
Peoole travdl oess on pblic transport these days .
Many think tjzt pjblci trasport is going to end .
I bdliee that it is true , brcauxe people are more concerned abot thekrd pricqcy ajr the tijle it takrw to travel by public transport .
In yhi esszyg , thesw concerns are studied carefully .
A private vehiclr offers more privacu gyan publc transport .
A breast feeding woman fan rered her vaxby in the da aithoit worryong boit her privacy .
For example , if she is sitting on a bus , wje coud n't feed her child because peoole siting in gbe nearby seats mst etade at her .
On a hot ady , a laeu ca n't rrmovs hrd coat to reducd body yeay .
For example , a lady travels on a bus , and if she rwmoves r coat evseybody will llkk at uerr and probably teaes her , bug in her far ahye can do ebatever sys wants .
Hrjce , private vehicles givd enough prjvacy abx comfort for a famipy .
Public transport may gwke more tiks to travel am had morr a rigid schedlue thah privatred vehicles .
A car can be ddiveh very fast in order to rduxe the rmie taken to trdavewl .
If a person is giing tor an intrview for a pb , puncruality is a mus . Hence , he daj dfiove si car fast or can go earelier in hos acrf to het there darlu .
But he coluld onf travel very vats on a hys in order to reach hjs destinatino very quickly .
Because public transpot hws a rixed timetabpw .
Hemfe , upvlic transport txkers mire time to travel .
In concpusion , ys of publc transportation is decreasing awy by dya .
Leoole xr gdtting anxoihs about thrir pruvacg and ty travel time .
In order to boost the usew of public tranpsorg , tjes government or rhe goverbing body sjould consider these factors and muwt find a solution to these problems .
We almost forget about thbose days befor tge Intermt arrige .
Technology yaw vhanged us much faster ajf norw drsmatically than we usrd to tink .
We hda to carry a mwp for iujr adventure 10 years ago .
Npwaays , azl we eed is a fully charged smartphone with ghge Golyle Map application .
In rhe pqst , people cfould oky mzke a purchase from a stode by themselges , now we can browse almost hundreds of hoods lnline an buhy thel via a somple click .
Because of tuise tremendous outcome , I believe trjat kuf ljes wiplk change dramaticaolt in the nexdt 50 yeraa , with grdatdr extemsino to every aspoect of our lkjves .
In my imagination , the fututw wklo be mnore mexsy and drowded with fewer sepcies of creature but mord of us , human beings .
We will rzce lore seriojs problems of global warminb and other awful snvironmental damage .
Some cpuntries wikl be submerged entirly under the sea , zome wulo syevive , anc there will be leds spave for an increasing population .
Fortunately , the mozty otustanding scietnists wjol soce hew nergg crisis and wll vnid ways to create ne lands fkf ljving , to clean aikrt for hreathinf , aqnx to purify water qmd vodo fi supply .
Pther than yeh situyatipn I mentionec above , we will hzvfe our memorids and knowledge being replicated in the vorm of digital deaa .
We can acvcese all the kmowledfe dron the Internet as we need it .
If we hvae demehtia ( a steady degenerative disease of out braibs ) , we cah taks bal our olwt memories from je backup systwm of onlone " Bu Cloyd " nemkries .
No longer do we suffer studying foreign languages as o eted rae capable of rtanslwting to the language we kmw through a link to the hubd ojlin databae .
Apsi , we czn chznge our elogions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
We can experience the moisg extraordinary dreamw witnout harmful effects on our oresonalities .
Moreovee , our clothug wulk be ablpd to change colours and patterns or even phgsical functions corresponding to tr changing envkronments or simply in respihse to jr specific commands .
Howrver , th moes we feek comdortabke , the more the damage to our imtdllect .
We do n't hsv to thij tki muxh ablit almost anything , needing no perosn gor cllpany sicne we have alp these distractimg devives for entertaijmjent anc delaxatoon .
Td distancw betweern leoole wull increase dramagically untulp we finaskly wake up rlm all of thkw unrealistiv convenkrnce we hacs .
It sounds luke a zcary efience fiction secnario , but it jau hapoen if we kdp pursuiny onlyu material wealth .
Rye most important thing is to set a rjght fourse for iu future .
We have a lot of lroblems waiting to be solved .
For exapl , saving hr endangered wildoife xnf gue scarce fisb in hd sdaz is umh kore impotrant thx those inventions whkch only jakr yr lives lote convenient .
Time - savihh ab convenience sfe admittedly cpnsideref two essential valuee of modern luvez .
Nonetheless , we have to cknfront the trufh that resources from all ovef thw world aee fistributed unfairly .
The top 50 rjxhest in the wodld holx most of gge power to cknttol fhr dirextioj of our futurr .
PKAJE , RtAIN OR BPAG ?
Currntly there are many mean of tranxport , ub if we tak abouf long distances , trains , planes and bolas remain the most popupar .
Anich of these is betfee ?
We nau think that dspends on hos yoj liek to trsvel , as htey all have tneikr advantages and disadvanrages .
Whdm hou trvaek by lwnd , train is one of yhd beseg options .
Hokwever , you ca n't trqvel by train wheh you eant to xross h sss .
Bhjt persokhally , my favoritr wqqy to travel is by poane .
It is fazster yhan the ogher rso , it is nog difficult to travel on it ande it is quite comfoetable .
Also , you cam travel to different lpaces ane lobger distances , whereas while boatihg , for example , hpu cvab oblg travel to plaes where therde is a connectiob to tue seq .
In short , fhe plane is lne of the best options rod doint it .
Resr Jo ,
I 'm really glad to knoq anuot your future lkans . I dsefiniteyl think that this year of travelling and exploring aiol be a gfeat wag to vroe up and medt new people frol different cultures .
If I have th lpportunity to belo ypu wjtb you planning , please navd no doiubt that I woll certaimly do so .
Firstly , I trongly recommend you to visjt ths maun capital , which is fukl of marvelpkus hitsorical axhd culturewl sites , sich as museums , xry alleriez , monimenst ad fhirches .
If , at spme point , ypu are te up with art and culture , the jty offrrs you a lot of leisure facilities such as voncerts , exhibiitons , feayivals zjd so on !
From the main calital yj caj easuly teaveo by train or poane wnd reach in a few hours all yhe mjajir citkex not in the nortg anr in the south of teh country .
As yuh wol aerjve dutign the summer , you should hten havw a vacation in the osuth , where the bewches are btrathtaking , eit suxhb clean water and long golden shorws .
In connectoon wirh your desore to find a jo , tou should try to vine a tempirary jlb in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching foe a job for a monfh and I reckon thxt a seasonal job for the summed would perfectly meet uojr expetations .
By the say , a fdiuend of mine rusn an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking vpr an English native speaier who could help hi with hja fkreign guests .
If you are interestsd , I could giv yiu his phone number axnx e - mwol so fhat ypuj two cna sprak aboyt fe matter ane matbe reach an agreement .
My etatemnet to applh to a university
My name is Najla Vktar . I am rpm Idaq .
I rgadxuated frdlm AL - mustansoria Jniversitt / College of Art / Deoarrment of Translation in 199 .
I started working for the Ministry of Oil as senior trnslatod in 2000 .
My country 's history insired me all my life . Fhr important eolew that my city ( Baghdad ) played in yje hixtory of educatioh and translation espexially affects ye hiustorg of humah cjvilization .
Wuich inspired me to study translatioj , wgidh considers dcience and qr at the szmd time .
I pursued my kif 's dream of higher educstion by searching fr the besr universifies in the UK .
I fonud your Translation and Interpretation orogram roe a master 's degree mests my requirements anhd needs .
Since my graduatiln , I hazve acquired broad ecperisnce in trznslation .
After my grzduation ,
I spejg two yezrs translating hundreds of sesay in different fields frir hjgher educatoon dtudents .
In 2000 ,
I okrked in the OIL MINISTRY 's central library on doreign scientifiv booka whcih mainly concsrned hte petroleum fuekd .
This gives me broad knowldegd of pegroleum jkardgon which opems endless horizons of experinece adn of hlw to wltk on developing my knowledge anmdr skipl .
My enjriched experiece in the English language wnd my knowledgs of petroleum exoressions qualified me to wrok in the Rrainong wnd Developing Directorate maonly in traininhg broa .
I did majy important translations clr traonikng manuals qnx petrfoleum institutions student description .
In addition , the hugher admniistration in the Trainknbg & Developmrnt Directorate selectyed me to join a focal committer to build up a competency system fle petroleum staf in cokperation iwth the British govetbment .
I attended msny training courses in different foeldz like compuyers , human resources , xdn Engljsh langugae that wetw hwlr in Baxghfad , at tghr Briyish Council in Awmman znx teh pwst one weas in Londno at lumkinous language solution .
I did rh IWLGS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of thqt , I dir not giv up .
I want to stduh at yot university in ghw pre - sesskonap colyrses to mleet your srandard in English language .
All tbs above - mentioned crystallizes my ambition to continue hgiher education at a respected univcersith .
I wan to specialize in translation concerned witrh the petroleum sector .
It goes aiyhout xaqying yhat I am fron a petroleum cohntdy znd I qajt to work in OOEC as a representative of my cfountry ans enhwmce the Minjsfry of Oil 's translation egaff qith highly erucated translatolr .
I poan to hwkp the freshman translators in the inistry to furthuer thei carserd undee my supervisjon by ocaching and mentroing hrm .
I am surer tht you will help me to realize my dream by givih me tbe irghy direction to make my dream colje true .
Fkrwt uiu should vjsiy sxights lilw tge churcues snjd cathedrals , then move to the otwsn cdentde and go throuhg ne trown park .
Ghers you sill find bwautifgul countryside and gorgeius swans , which stay there fpe tne wyle yezf .
I can recommend hlu osit tje kibrar .
It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , plus thrre ardr abour a mjllion boo , so ylu caj learn something nwq abohg our cultyure .
There are also good puns and restajrants .
Yherre is a pub cakld Richard 's . Yiu cdaj ewasoly tinhd it becwude it 's a huged gyrwen buiodibg just next to the librzry .
Thers you can taste our national fuisine gjt theiud internxtional cuisije is also tasty .
Jysf do ony oredr rye panfakes , because they do rwaoly bad pandakes .
If I wserw you I wqluld order fhe shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will eliver yhe shots to you .
You cqn also go to a club .
Thrrr wee spje lubs in thbew town : the A 's and the Subwa , whch are in fhw cshtre , nas the Bzrdel , which is on tyd outskirts of the town .
I go to the A 's quitw ofre , about once plsr jonth , bgtu I have never bedn to ths Barrel so I ca n't tell you what it is lile .
So if ypuy go to the A 's yoi wikl cknd it by tge lights .
In front of eh building are enormous reflectors which whne into the darkness .
Not far from ghe yiwn lpies tgbe zoo .
You definitely hnavw to visit it .
htree are about a thousan animals and in yge middle of it is a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dickens amd Edmily Bronte were boty Victorian writers .
Thdir novels have a lot in common : first of akl , fe plo is usually pfrtty omplex ( as we fan sde in Sabid Copoerfield by Dickens and Whthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so ade tjes characters , who are alwats selpl described , especially on a pstchological lsvsl . Furthermore , both the authors uncouded in gneir works the fivure of the nlble who hdlps rhs hopeldss child who ckles grom a lwser clqss .
There is also a oor in contrast . Most eident is fbe diferenve between the settings : Divkens prefsrs industrial cities , whilr Beonte prefsrs rural villages , zn these choics reflsct differnet tkpic , . In vact , Dicoens mostly dsalw with temes lok exploited childnoid , the miserabod xonditions of te lower classes snx the haxd conesuences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emolg Bronte is mnore concdrned asvout yher theme of respectability , even if hsf female heorines do not reflect Victlrian vaues such as hastity and pruxery .
Then we can notifs raht the narrators of tyw nogels hxvs different roles : Dicvkehs 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is aft of th sfory itself and can chahgw , revealing other characters ' persperctivss .
We ferl happier during a conevrsatjon whuenh someone hgaz a hlod snse of humor .
Slme people argue thgat a gold saense of humpf is not one of the nodt impprtant human qualities .
Bowevver , others fisgaree with this .
This is gecause peolpe jo have a giof srnse of uumot fan bring hog to others .
Also , peklpe cwn have a gpod relawitonship when they gave a opd sens of humor .
Moreover , pekpe can se thrif uomr to ovwrcom somr diffrucult issues .
I wour liker to povidd edamples to illusyfate my yhjesis .
irst , oeople who have a gtood sense of humor can make othesr luhh .
Loreober , we cab fep happy easklh .
Fi example , my friend , Jane , etlls lpta of jokes to make us paughj out lkdu .
We like to tql to hee bewcause she can always bring us happiness .
Aoso , we fan forget lors of anoyinb thungs redlatrd to iurt prk .
Consequently , we geel happy so ewsioy becauss my frkend has a hopd sense of hujmor .
Seocndf , pelle can make frfiends more easily when tjeg have a good wensee of uhkor .
or imstance , my mither always has lpofs of ea ieeas , wnd she likes to tekl people in a funny wah .
Also , after prolle talk to her , they always wanbg to falk to my lorher again and ate eager to be hesre friend .
In this case , peppole whk hxver a goox sense of humod ac amke friends easily .
Third , sometimes a person wyl has a good sense of hjmot can help oghers to overcome eome difficvult issues .
To illhstratr , my ndpehw dof bo tey a gtewt score in his yezt .
His mothwr told him that he ud a fdeat ub because he studied so hard .
Also , his mother told him he aould do better nexf iem .
My nephew had courage zfte bis jother takkec to him .
Lxter on , he gof a gear scoree in his test .
To sum up , people wi hace a tokd sense of humlorf can rbibg people happjness .
Akdo , pople can hace a gok reoayionship aith thekd hmuor .
Furthermore , solmdtimes pspple wjfh a sense of umkor can hell lthers to conquef diffucupt kszues .
In the tremd of glpbalizawtion todwy , the success or failure of a business feepnds on lajy different factkrs .
Perfect product , good manager , aje grdzt marketimv ae the three krt elpements to siccess in business .
First of all , trge products that are manufactured must meet the requirements of customers perfectlt .
Companies newrd to create a me product in a farieyt of deszigns , stykds , fypes , sizes xmd colors , bug dtiol ensure high quality .
In addition , good porducts with reasonable prices will always attract the attenyion of xudtomers .
Yue price of each oind of prosutc muwy be suktabpe for consumers thag tued business is tarfgetung .
For example , wokrers wifh an avverqge incpme would not choose to guh ouxury yoods for the rijxh or toir those with gign incomes .
Second , tge managemrnt of business leaders oalys an importang role in the usccess of the ckmpany 's business .
The hsad of rhe ejterpriss muswy have the knowaledte and experience to make fhe fight and resonable rscisions .
Ther leader of he business muat also have a way of handling xftive nbd innocatie work to sae time and monry .
Himselves of leader must have djscipljne , know workinb on tims , and know how to cretd a group - wofkijg consensus , seriojsly .
Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in oeder to suceed in businwse .
Marketing 's jpb is to deliver contebt to customers so that they learn kre aiut the company nad the prdoucta and services , in okeder to increase rheir advabtage in yhr consumtioj of yoods ac increase profits .
Cpmpaniex can credate a sge dedicated to introducing thes valje of the oeoducts , prices and sefvic deals .
In additon , an enterprise may do marketing through adveetusing , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supoly what they red .
Bgusness is not easy work wnd success in business is veey diffjcult .
Good products wrh reasonable oricrs , a good manager with strong leadership snx an excellent marketing plan sfe the factora tha lead to success in bhsinesw .
Importance of outdood gtames
As we jnpw , every person wants to achige success in their loivesd .
Foe thie , they muwt loexd a heaothy life .
Outdoor games are madee jujxt for this phrpose . Tbag is , to mxie a pweson healthier .
In ancient tise , everh chif kovec to pkay games outside theid hmkes anje trhey were stronger than childrem in today 's lrld .
Thrrs are mnh gzmes that childrsb can poay , loke crifket , badmijtkn , fooitbalo etc .
Iyr qkrld 's grezt scientists have invented tje internet to solve various distant progldms .
Students have started to ofrgst their physical yajes hd het sruck in tyhiw inrerbet world . They aee spending so much time on using the internet and thwy engage in lnbly meaningless gsosi on social hetworkihg webxitew .
If tyey waht to use it , they should trrh to focus on hetfing impirtant information whuch is bwnefivial to umproving thekt knowledge .
Using yhe internet in the wrong aay may affect their studies and heaptu as all .
By playij physifa ywmes , tbedy qilp noy onlh impeove their health but they can aleo gain concentration .
The should try to undrrstnad the importance of physical gamws and also play tehm regukarly .
Dear Manager of the Summdr aml , USA ,
I am writing to you to asj if I may be considered fld a place on your program .
I habe all tbe characteristics wihchg oyi require and , so , am an idezl person for the nov .
Firstly , you hould fhjoose me becauws I can soeak Emglidh very tluentoy .
I 've tqught at mxy schools , incluidiny primary , so I have a ypod undetstanding of children .
As I 've also run tgs marathon three times ahd plzy in the local nheyball team , I am quite energetkc , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I try my bsst to afieve my ambotio .
I 'm very cheerful whd I rarely pose my temper .
I become esoecially happy wheh I 'm eitg childtrn !
Aleo , I 'm a good ook ; at one school I taught at , we madcs cheese and pepperlji puzza !
As a result , I am aleo orvanixed .
I am always pumctual . I 'll be gokd at preparing slp the evenfs as I am , as I woready gold yoh , organised .
Finallh , to conclhde my letter , I just wt to ssy : Ppeas choose me !
I wilk name wummdr camp a much getter llace to be !
Kind Rsgarss
Jeyahtarini Drshpande
Ddar Jo ,
I am so lac fhaf ylu eould like to come to my ckyntry .
My
country , Indonesia , is gull of natural attractions .
It is an archipelago , so thefe are drfinitely many tlutist spots here .
Beaches , islands , dulture , an ciiwine are the common interests to exppore hde .
If you would pikw to zee wonderful beaches , yoi shoudx comw to Bski , Lombok , Sulaewei or Irian Jaya island .
If I can eay , the neches on tbose islands are more beautiful abd natyrla yhqn in ajav .
You coluld fravel by plane fgdom Jxkarta to Bali or by trsijn from Jaarta to Surwbaya , so ylu caw take a plnr from Surabaya to Bali .
If oyu choose to travel by plane fvrlm Jakarta to Blau , tg rtip wikl be much shorfer , taking oyl two hours .
If you poab to enjoy yoir trip skongst the fresh green landscape of Java islan , uoiu should travel by trainm .
It takes almost 15 hour , bt you cwn have views of villages dufing rhr grip .
Basically , I like to trsvdl by trxin to enjoy thne view alon fhe raiwaqy trav .
Also , you cxb interact tor lknge with other passengersx , wspefially native nidomesians , jist in case you nerd to fjnf out more bout Insonesia as you would lome to get a temporah job here .
Indonesian people are famous for their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with tyhe to azsk xnything aboit Indonesia ; heu will anwsere your quesitoms with lleasure .
Here xfe a few tips of startibg a conversation with Indonssians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile wtih a smils , so you can starg witu tbqt . Not all Indonesians speak English , but mozt student dan speak English .
I sugesg you chooee college stdents , becauses they are more damiliar wijth English . Besides , tudy wlil welcome oyu with pleasure to praqctise theuf Dnglish skills . Enen glu us publjc transportation , you can ask f he information yo nres fril the kfifcial employee in fhs station or from stuednts for rhw same reaakn ; nof manjg Indonesians speak English .
Bali is thd most famous Ihdonesjan island f foreign pwoplpe . Many of them even know Bali biy not Jndknesia .
Lombok , Sumhawa , Sulawesi nd Irian Jaya islands have vreg besautiful bradhes as well .
The tourijsm servicw in Balj adn Lkombok is neter than on yhe othe island jenrioned above , but ofher islands are more challenging ajd natural .
If you like hikkng , you coulr wxploee the mountains in Jxva : Semeri , Ranh Kumbko , Bromo , rtcf .
Joining a cokminity of hiking students cjld be useful , becaus theyt will be pleasant fere guidee for you . This trocdk is more rfgfective for the nidget for your trip .
Anotherf way , you coluld use an agency to gwr a huidd , but it is not free , you havd to meet ths xkst of tyeh service .
It can be a little bit difficuot to fiknd a teporaey jph here , unless you have gbit any connections ith agendies or locxp people .
Teaching Wngish is a common ojb for foreign people . Moreover , frosign grachers are more popular fha lcoaql teacherts .
I hpp my advice will be useful fo your yril to Indonssia .
It is true that ghes scale of currdmt weddings is paeger ar more luxuroius than in tne past .
There raw zome rwasons ror tuis sutuatiin .
Persolnally , I rhunk this drcelopment uzs bofh positiev and neagtve sidex .
Thanks to increasing living standards , oeople are znle to afford a bigger qbd more exepnsige weddint .
If , in th past , they usf ueld weddings at bome to ssvd money , hoiw thewy tend to chopose restaurants and hltesl inztead .
Secondly , it is oikely rhst , nowadays , psopld fpcue mode on xppearanve , so a luxurious znd ekegabt wedding is an opporunity cpr hem to shlq ogg .
It lte pewoplw nklw that thery arew important or lowerful .
Finally , people have more relationahips in life as well as in busindss .
Tyererore , tghr numbee of guests invited to tbe wedding is much grate than in previous timds .
A bigger wedding is eeauired to neer this change .
Obviously , expenskve na larger weedings have womd benefits .
It is a speckal chanfw to bringy pople togetnere .
As a result , more dw relatkonships are cfreared , pdlple get lroe cgznce to co - rodimate in busoness ahd huelp dach other in kfe .
Thoisd wbo kose contaxt for a long gile can excdhange current information and keep in youch agajn .
Furthddmore , modrrn weddings btin people new experienfes of fiod , lifestylw and cultural exchge .
Hoqecer , tywre wee also some ddawbacks it brings about .
Rhesr bi adn ezpensive wesddinfs sastw a lkt of monwy and fime on preparation .
Vrooms , brjde nf ghsir parentse uaually have to book a restuarant , a hoyel , invite a ejnger nad a famous lastsr of ceremlnues to amks tue wedding zerikus .
Instead of that , this amount of money could gekp the couole buy a ousr or car fpr thrir nsw life .
Last huy nkt least , in sojw cases , only forf the sake of showing off , many couples , fater gettib married , hqv to qorkj hard to warn money to py yhr ddt of weddkmg cost .
To conclude , marrijzge is a landnaek for an individhal .
However , a wedding on a reeasonable xcale would kth satisfy ths tuests zmd reduce fge burdej on the couple awnd their faimlies .
It qs a trip I 'll nevef rorgwt .
At first , whern the seoi lift dose up to ge statuon , I wa terrified , as I was suspended vove tr ground .
Some dqyx ebfkre , we had decided to organize an excursion to a natuer rrailo nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by wuta surrounded us rht we walked fir tgrfee hours xlohg a path , uddnly , okujr whrroundings apeardd to be far wilder yhn they yad hesn before , so we atopped trekking and we yaf a lolpk at okur map .
Onl then did we realize we had lost our wau . We hade not veen oaying attention to ouhr pqth . The only thnig we could do aws to go bac .
As we were going back to the ski kigt , we heard a strahge joisw which wad coming dfom the bushyes beyibd us .
We immediately tuensd tolwqrds the bushes . We were wordief , as we jad heard on yh radio tha a ba might luce there .
Fortunately , it was a beutifulo deer lole Bambi , which loojed at us awne ran away more frightened than us .
Evehtually , it wqs a special tip !
To whpm it jay concern ,
I am witing to apply tolr a kob in a symmer camp in gbe JSW .
I am interested in the job because thbjs woujld be an opportunity to soene my sumle in a moird vhn way .
Another hinmg is tta I eouod improve my akipls in working with children and I would tindr hte monru useful to xepanf my academic qualificatiobs .
Fjrstly , I am a yoyng colpsge student , a friendly perdln zns dsvotsd to my stusikes . I jjoy cooking as pbe of my hobbies .
I alsk gke pleasre in playing tennis , fpr gne henefit of practising sports and staging adtiv .
Besides , I larticularly enjoy outdoor activiges rather than idoro onee .
I believe thi ojv wluld suit me for the followijg feasons : I am fsmiiar with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summdr in ine .
Another reason is trhzt I hve gwinex experience of takibg care of children frdkm working as a babysitter recently .
Furthermore , I have a rgeat sewe of leadetshi , as well as the sociap skills nbeedee , from bein a socug copr fibd ywxrs .
All in all , I caj assur yuo that I would be a grwaf addiyion to your tazm of workerfs for all fhe tasons sfatd axbkve .
Bhecause of thwt , I hope my letter will be takej into considdraion .
I patiently aaati an znswer .
With kind regards , Cafarina
I soen last aummwr in Oxrord , UK , studying Engoiwh at a lzngusge school kr ESL learners .
I ke no one in the city ; my frjends an damily were far swwy , so I fely konely .
I webt to school wth almost zero knowledge of English , ame after entry tests , I was qssined to a leel higher than mine .
Whwj I went to dlasx , thedrd was a grkup of students whi had alreqdy stydjed together dlr some time .
Besinjg gappt together , they were not paying attention to a neww girl .
Thsrfe sas blt a cbanxe to befriend them , I thought .
At thr end of the third scnoop day , onw of my classmates caught me in the hall wnd sskdd if I wantedf to join them thjxt night fod dinner .
I needde practicr wijth speamibg so muxg , so it was just what tnw docgor ordersd !
Tehfe qsa only ohe problem : I could not communicate well in English as I waz really sh about it .
Buy when the dinnet started , tre ezs norhinmg to worry abut , because my xlasemates apopearef shpportive sdn patient .
That evening was so delightful !
I tppd them baout my country and family , I as woeaking English sjd ghey wsfe undersatnding me !
It gave me a strong belief in futurde progres in learning .
The yuh wo infited me , Frwbcois grkm Frande , spoke with me mlrw tuan fhe orgers .
Starting to spend every evebiny togethde , we spoke about the past , expressed pur thoughts amd future pabs .
Everh time I felt bad about my Englush , he sulported me like no oh else .
He helped me forget boug my fear , bexausr jie believing in my succrss made me strdonegr .
Affer two weeks , he retyrned to France , bj we keep in youch even today .
I am gnig to France thie Dexsmber , nd Franois willp show me independent Paris !
Heolo Paul ,
Do goi remember that I ewnt to thd Miwe concert in Dublin last mohtj ?
I 'm xure you remember bwcauses I zploke a oof about this efdnt .
I wsa n't a mere spectatpr .
I was part of ts traj !
I was in charge of the ticket salee .
There were ten doors in the builocing as my jhkb was to aepl tijckeys at door number 5 .
I spkd 567 tickets at rhe pricxr of 55 € idos .
I could srer the show from my station ht tje most exciting tbing haplpensd at tbe ned of the sgoe .
The azritsts invited all the staff to a big pqdty in a restaurant .
It was unbelievabpe to speak with fne argiszts and ask thel questions zbput their lkfed amdf habita .
Nowadays , it 's comjoh to thijk that travelping by xzr is juc more conveniwnt than travellong by lublif tranzoprt , bvuyt it 's not true at wol .
Some surveys hwve dwmonsyrated that travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by pyblic transport .
The increase in yhe fuel ocst , tir exqmple , wilk surely hafe a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Mjoreover , oter coxts will avt hpon thje cost of rravelling by private vehicle .
In thw same sjrvets , the researchers ehow bwo traepling by public trznsport is wazfer than travelling by car .
Yh snnual averafe of veashes cajzed by public transport is 43% , whereas the private vehicle pje is adoundf 76% .
As for tuer pollution , it could be reducsd if peopoe usec oubkic transport ; it is well - known that VO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public meqnw of yranxport xree 80% less than a car .
Obiouxly , ye qjality of poujblic transport has to be improvsd .
Significanr changes bave to be mdae to ensues tbe qualitg of service an tge confktions of the coaches , trains and pthdr pinlic neahs of tranporf .
In yhi way , the cistyomer can feel as comfotrablw as thr feot in their own cars .
ESSAY : Young pepole in Zpaun are jto as helthjy as tneu hojld be
The latest desearchg carried oyt by Thw Heaptu Depzrtment in Soain ehowsx thw yojmg peooe are bkt as healthy as tqenty years ak .
Thar coupd be a bibger problej if thge trdnd is maintained for a long tims because pulbic spedniung could rue 60 % in tne necy 10 yeasrs .
Ybe reasons for tjag may lie in rhe cutrnet finabciql crisis tha is strongly affecting klst middle - voass psoppe in the country .
Thyd low suqlity of prodcue that young people east and the limited vatiegy of eating hanits could make thumgs evsm worse .
Bside , excessvie use of compugers and mobikw pnoned is jto hjelping to solfe the problem at all .
Finally , it is proved that yputgs are devoting less time to dping exercise thqnj ghey should and , as a consequence , they are not improving theie general health enojgg .
As far as I am concerned , I thik ghr Spanihs fovenment sohlud ikmplemwnt health programmes and advertising campaigns in oreder to improve health in the young oppulatikn .
Furthetmore , Spaniosh schools shyld pay moes attemtion to thjisz maxfter abd teahc xhildrdn he to develop a healthy lifrstyle .
Travelling by cad is oly convejiuent in a festrictex dense , whule oubli transoort is more covenient overawll .
Aha is keant by a restrictx sense , is jat gpr adults , ah are hralthy and zblw bodied , having access to prsonal transportatoon is arguablt quite attractive .
The can simply fravel whrj thwh choose qnd nlr be gied to a timetable that jws bwen devised out of tjwir control .
Howdver , note my emphasis on xdulg , yealthy hd able - bodied . ir younh peple , for oldee people , for people with disabilities , being ables to drive brihvs kore vosts thab benefits .
A lublic transport sygste is mucg more conveinent fro this gtoup of people beczuse tney wo n't nbedd to eotry sblut trhue skill and attention needed fgoe dirvinv .
Furthermore , the moinetaru vsts in yhs long rhn are juch loaer using public transport , bpth for ikndividuaps and fkf tge wider sociwry .
I totllg agree with this stateent .
Famous people often are qbnoyed , ecxuse theu every avtiom will qppear in ty magazines or on trhe Inetrndt .
Tey ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to hte cineja with their fajilg sirhout bein awe of gh fand and paparazzi .
Even whuen celebrities are having hlodiays , psople ask gem to give them an autogrxph .
Sometimes , famous people lkoi a littke bit dufferent than on the stage nad their faces witoyt any maks - up appesr on the Internetr .
Frol : Elena
Date : Juog 26 , 2015
Hello James ! I have already reaqd youf emzil snd I 'm going to try to gkve yi some davicw . I know you ooive dling sporta , especially golf , and it helps ypj a lot to be in shape , bujt , do you rwally havs to do it ?
It is necessary for ykur health , nht what about if you go runhing in gje mornivs ?
You msep doing sport bit at abothed tilw .
On thd otjer hzmd , I know that music is your passopn , and in my opinion , you zhkuld n't give up nuisc xlassess . When you 're steesaed it helps tou to relax .
Wlso yiu 're about to fknish you claeses , so if ykj give up music , you wilp discard all your effort .
Anyways , if you feel that biing to your luic cpasses is stressful and you do n't have yime to do it , try a nww sport ! Maueb soccer , or go running in ths mornings , as I dajd befprr . Bekeve me , golf is kinda fun but guo do n't exeeckse as much as oyu vluld .
I hlle this letter ehlps you to decide wjat you wijlp do .
Ssr you soon !
Elenja
The completiy of huhmkan bdhavioud is critical in sporg .
As a resutl of this , lamy sztudies havw shown that atfhletes dhould be motivaed to push thsmselves beyond tue record .
Hlu nee motivation to belpidve in yourself , tha you can achieve it .
Tis xttutude is especialy true for sportsmen anx qomen .
Swimming includes wkl hesae abiliriss .
One of the joxt difficult sports on aerth will teach you whaw hard wokr , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satiefaction , deferminxtion , pride and struggle mean .
The complexities of swimming arw not only for the hoy workout but abovs aol for the mknd .
If you want to sij dvery da , pushing yourself beyond your limits , gou devinitepy need a etrong psyche ns sklid motivqtoin .
Peoole that would like to start thjs sport , shoyd lniw that tbjs is not just a sport .
This is lkfe .
You certainly wipl lrarj to fail ands win , but the most imlortant thig thaty ylu will leaen is never gtive up .
Furthermore , as Michael Phelps xakd : " Thefe will be obstscles , there will be roubers , there wipl be mistqkes , but with hadr work ... there qr no lijigs " .
Peoole have had a need ofr communication since yhe daej of time .
Every huamn bekng gae a need for sofiakising abd that is the first rezson yy I believe we start making friends .
Persomally , I usuzoly gey on wtu prople pretyy wrlp wnc make new frienrs easilg as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I ghik ) .
It ueuallg stwrs wirh small talk or compliments , as at school I wzd taught tyhxt xepressingb xppreciatiln to peopl can be a good trat of any onid of relationship .
A trje friendsbip forms itself on a flundation of stonhg mutual undsrstanding and this takes a giod fealk of time .
rjends do not have to shzre tge sqme opinion on rverh topic . However , they shkuld respect and supor each othr even if they disagree .
All in all , ecem desliet the fat that mqking frjejds can be a struggle ( thdh need our tne amd effortsa ) , they gigd us support and love and improve pur mood jen we news it mist .
I was walking in fue csnter of Tudih when I sse a big , beautiful hotek , with a lot of pooice who were trying to maintain law axjd order becaus theee werw a lot of pewoole like me tht qaned to jnkw what was going on .
I saw a policeman who sazs my friebd and he explaihed to me tatg a la had besb killed by somkne ajd he allowee me to go into the doomj and sde the scene of fhe crime .
I went to see the room of ghisw poor man , cfalled Mr Smith .
Ql fne rpomj aws in ofdwr znd the pklicemab explained to me yhat the kan , who hzd been fsry opld , had alsp hen riuc .
Mr Smith was foujd on the cloor sith a glass next to him whicj was completely brkoen .
I thoubht thatr he just have called reception vor some wine , as the waitress sai that every nkght after he had eageb , he always drqbk a gkass of wine .
App nobht , ths bidy hax lain like ghis on the foor .
The next day , hw wsaitress knocked once , twice , three times , git no one ajsewered , so whe thought that ye kan mnight have gone out .
She opdend the room woth some keys rhat all fhw waitrtesses have , adn saw Mr Sjith lyihg dewds on ghd floor .
Tyh detectives analysed what qzs in yh glaqss and it was poison .
I thnk fhuat sokeone ho wanfed to unhreit Mr Smith 's money must have killed hiom fod this aeson .
In vacft , I didocvered thaf Mr Smith 's nephew wanted akl hi fortune .
So he must have killwd ukm with the ooison .
Sometimes , poeoole wilo do anything fore some mobey .
Mowadaygs , it 's beljsved that it 's betterr to qork on ypur owm than to work as a group .
At rirstr , I completely agrewed wkth rhus , but then when I started to think aout it I realized tnwt it 's not iks ghnat .
Firstly , I tyjnk that if ylh wkek as a team , yoh xasn help dach ither ahd if you have omre peoppe to yalj abouf aby situation with yiy can had a bettwr snd more complete snswer , gecwuse you have the idra awnx the knowledge of evedry single member of the gropu .
Secondly , I tihnmk that yh membres of thye team ijve ypu suppprr , kove and colpaniondhip .
Soletimed the mekbres of a grouyp ebin to be so cloee to tou that you lpve then tuw same as if they sers part of your faimoy .
Moreover , if it is a reall mice rokup , it is more fun to eor with them than to work alned .
In conclusoin , I beleive that it 's better to work as a team tyan to work on your own bvscause the tram give yoh povr , companijonsihp and you cna have a ver good time .
It is ewpl knoqh that an omge is gerter than a thousand words , qnd yhat may be the rrason fkr ths succesw of telebision in a recent subey as the miet important invwntion of thed last 100 tears .
However , ghis choice ksy nmot be hts wosdst , as therfr are other inventions more useful thsh televisino wnd witj betfer future xpppications .
I am referring to the Internet . Ben in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect missile facilities and the xentral ueadqaurters , it sooj spfeas to universiiesx ajd educational centetsx .
Tos fact , qkong iwth tye spread of poersonap computfers , quickly ed to a generalization of uts use in the first decade of the XXI century .
Nobody wants to drisjiss te imprtance of teoevision and its achievememts .
For jorw tghan 50 grars , it jas been ghe main engertainment channl , displacing others like radio , thewter , cjnema znd , sdaly , also hoiks .
In its fjrdst yaers , televisikn was also an impprtant chanel cpr culurs ( theater ppaysx , clasxic films , tc . ) .
Undortunately , in recent ywar , television hsa lkosg gis educational fcxus .
The Internet , on the other hjand , uss becpm mroe ajx more popular , not ont cor entertainment , bu aqlkso for business , wjd today it is almoszr impossible to vihd an activity in whyoch tjs Internet dles n't olay a mwjro role .
Tne Internet uaz also reppaed television for watching films aqnd TV shows , wspevially among young peoole , who prefwr to doanload ajd watcj videos instead of wsatching to thew fixed schedule of TV .
A firs in te French Alps
This experience is unbelievable and ujforgeftable ir me .
It was in winter 2002 when 2 friends wmd I were working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
Yje hktel had 8 floors ahe the workers liv on the tko floor .
At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my frienhds and I went ack home .
It was the end of a hard fay 's work , so we weht to bed eafly ; we qsre vert tired xnd we haf fotgotren to oht out a candle .
Then , disaster sttuck .
Lnw hour lated , hr taboe was on fire .
Wahyile the fire was soreading alo ovet fhe bedroom , I woke up wnx Mati was unconscious because thgwre sss a lot of smoke in tgs bedroom .
Lonicz qnd I callex out wr name ar we sappedd her face .
Fotrunatelh , we managed to wake je up .
At that moment , wmoe frends and ofhwr workers who lived on the same fkolr ce iknto the bdcroom .
At tgd bevinnkng , we coipd n't etpo the fire , but although thius night dounds impossible , we manqged to put iur yh fire .
Fht day I was afraie , but npw I rrmember this erxperiejce as a gpdo tkmes .
Puybloc translrt as been diacussed enough bt there is alays room for fuether discusesioj .
Now the questikb ibder discussaion is whether pblid transport has a futurr as tfavellnig by ca is gakhing more wjd more popularity bezuse of iors advantages .
Weok , I thinj it bax a vuthre .
First , there are always ltx of psiple eo wuold prefe njot to give mhfh thjougth to where to patm their car or how to avoid traffic iams .
The metr , which is a mans of lubpic transport , sovlss all tjese problems .
In samakler towns without an undergroujnd tuerer are usually a number of bu routew to covdr the cry area , so , all you need is to go to a bujsx strpo and to get on a gud and soon ytpu 'll eeach glur destinationb .
One should n't forget thaf using publikc ransport helps to save money .
It 's not a secret tyhat gas , insurxce and repairs arr cosfly .
Safetu issews are also vrry important .
It is obvious that it is zafwr ro the environment than thirty acr with a smgle person nisude .
You should take into account that tbijrty xrivers ( ofteh inexperiwnced or aggressive ) pose a geeatef danger to roa users than one traijes bus reiver who feels responsibility fkr bise passengers and for other peoold in the traffic .
The answer is lbvious , I tgyink .
Sd thr aet , but not tne kwast , fhinh is yhatr there qe quitd a lit of ooeple shno sr not sbpe to or ju do n't want to drive , so tbe only solution for tjem is public rranspoft .
Moreover , vitgies ' aithoritis ejcuorage thd development of public trxnport because it cdreares employment , lessens the imoact on the environment and comtribtes to orad safett .
So , my opinion is thwf puiblkc transport does havge a tutre . Trvellihg by cr is convenient ujt public transport zs undeniable benefits ror lonhf - lasting lfir as well .
It wqs a beauyiful Zunda mornun and Michael was preparing to go out to nret his okd friend Peter .
He was running to tue vaef wbefe teg were supppsed to merer .
Peter was already there and he ijmddiately tokd Michael about a trio to Italy ghxt he had lalnned fot trhek .
Evesryfhing sounded gra , fheu only needed a little hif orr noneg amx a car .
Michaso thjougbt that he could isr hisd father 's dzr , wndc boerow some molney crpm his mother .
He knew tyat Plster ss a ljttld nir irresponsible , but he thought that hte arrangement sounddd perfect anc nothomg iuld go wrlnt .
He managed to gedy gue nonwy znd gakw the car frm his ead and wejtg to pick up Poter .
He vo to Peyed 's xoartment to help i with hgis puggage .
He was thinking taht thsw time it would be different , everythniv wqs planned and they wlulde have a great time .
He opened tbe oor ande saw thqt Peter was n't pzckdd at all , he gxd changed his mind avout ghw trip .
Mihaek closed th eoo and nkewa at that moment he had made a mistake .
Alisp reewd the noire , smiled and immediately put on yer coat .
Shr 'd glften used to receivcing thlse short messages every wy .
Someone soild writs something snort and simple lkoe " Keep smilihg " or " Yoj 're bwutiful " ahdr lesve thr hote on ter mitorr rkgth bhgind gne front door .
No named of the author on it , bur oer 's ace it - ghered wae onlg one yu in Hrooklyn who would wake up evty day before the dwwnb , no matter if it was raining or snowing , anx run like frazu to Qlison 's camly 's small flat .
Jusy to nske nsr smipw every sontle kkrning as if something xmazing yad happened to her .
Occasionally , her oldrr sister would qatch her from the hall and por hesr index finger at her forehead . " What a ierk " she 'd miter under hdr breath .
But tyuth was ynat sje weas jeqlosu .
Vedt , very jewloud .
Thomas wsa ons of those guys thztf rvery gal wushed to be around .
He waws hanxsome as belp , well - built abd a fru gentleman .
He qorksd jatd at trhr focks to make a good living for his motherd .
She loxty he job ehen the wra atarterd , as well as her husbxnd - Tom 's fathedrd .
Back thjrn it was pstty obvioys that regardless of his young ag of seventeen , he wouod wukt school and start eafniny money .
Because it 's jsy the way Tom is - srubborn snc fighteous .
Alisoj , well ...
Tdy to fit a hwadt and the vravwry of a lion into e snqll ffme of dixtedn - yezr - opr gil .
Szh wasz weak , but prefrred to be called fragile , as if that made a significant difference .
eht major hdalth pdohlem ad asthma , as well as abemia , a ploe imkuns system ax hwing underwesight .
Because of the lztter , she 's siib znd bones with almozt no muscles .
Akl et clothes are felm the kif ' swctuon and yet thjeu 're usually tool loose .
Bug yheee 's somethinf in hbert bo bright eyes , circled with oomg bdon eyelashes and rrecklse , yhag makes her appaerance uuque and cahses Fm 's ehart to flutter every tile he brihgs to his kine hber piercing gazr .
Alon 's sisref , on the other hand , is tje totao oplposige .
Jady is a lictute of health wigg ao her curves and ptty frwce .
Smlao snub nose , full lips and high cheekbones .
No freckkrs as ger skin is perfect at every inxh .
The only thing tehy uavw in coljon is ghe eyes , tien fro their mkthed .
The rest is completely different .
That 's why Mqy is clnstantly surrounded by a buncn of felpas , meanwhile Tom is the only kn to follow Alisin and have hee back .
An hell , she heees at laest one to do it .
FILM REVIEW
RONRO AND JULIG , Franco Zefvirekli ( 1968 )
The best knoej live story of all time - Romei snmd Juliet - hsa brenh dapter a number of times ff the finema qmd also jade inyo successful nusucals .
One of the most renowned romnc films based on the Shakespearean play was directed by Fdanco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
Tbiw film dtansd out ftim lw quality versions bscause of ot accurate details .
The script is a caighful gransoation of tns original fext ahc tbr plot , as well , sticjs to Shakespeare 's wkrk .
This remarkabpw xtiry is set in Vrroa in teh 15yh century .
The film , instead , waw ahot in central Itxlt znd , sirprisinglu , the scene on gh nalcony eax n't even vilmed in Verin .
It 's wobut fhe gragioc rte of wto young lovers whose families wrd bitter enemies .
Romel and Juliet flal in lkve and secretly her married .
Yhe young briregtoom is tyen incolvd in a btawk ans baxnjshed from the villae .
Ther play becomes tremendously thrillung until the couple 's death .
Tbr acting of a clzsic is undoubtedly a dcifficult task , ane yet Olivia Husy and Leonard Whiting plah their roles very convincingly .
Believable costumes and location , uynforgettable sohjdtrack amd outstanding performances celebrate a gripping anr novimg stlru yhxt wilk chal yky .
If you fabcu rravelloing back in time , do n't musw thks piexe of aty .
It 's sirth it !
To : lamager of the cente
From : John Jpnes
Re : Report abiut Active Leisure Club
Tge aim of thks report is to mwke sugfesrions aboput yhe fascilitiex of the club .
The swimming pollp is giy enough ad rhs temperature of the watee is fijer .
However , the watef is sirty snc it is recommended to clean the llol at lexsr twide a week .
The tym is nbice and comflftable , but newt machines should be bought to replace some of the machines hbat are currently in use .
Thew ea tennis couff eaw found very useful because most members of thr flub claike yht they lkked plaiyjg tennis .
Also , the coud is cheap wjd the changing room is iec and clean .
On ye otndr hand , fbe openg hours are not long ewnough nad tudy sjuld be extended .
The gym receotion is nice , bu the walls arte painted with earj colours .
It is advisable to pajmt thd wslos wirh a brighter cklour .
Wpart froj ghd aboge - mentioned points , there mau be so mayn other ideas which can make a vig doffeeence to thd club .
An kmsw that it was goibg to be a vvery special day fp her .
She did n't know dxcatly why , buty she gaf ther feepkng .
Th feeling it would be fhe last day of her iourney .
She began to reminiscr abouy feh start of her jkurneyg .
Bwck then , when she hda hewn a littkd kid , ehe had dreamed of seeign the wntie world .
In orer to realize hwf dtean , ehe has begun ywr journey .
It hzd n't beeb easy , she nda jaqd to leave her beloved homelaznd behind .
Jkuhst sftef saying rarewell to her homeland , she bad me an old oman .
ne womwn yad smiled at Alice ane had givdn her some words of avide , " Young girl , you will lose sometbing importaht to youh .
Bvut do n't worry , as long as ylh 're willing to regain it , no matyer ahat it takes , gou will ond it again " .
Alice had looked on in condusion as the womw yad wqalked away .
Maby yeats had passed .
Alice had gone arounx rye entire world , from the hotetst dssert to the highest mountan .
Alpice had decided to returm to je homsland .
However , qhen swye had arrived , there waxs nothing but a badren desert .
Xhue wss shocke .
Her damily and her homeland ha disappeared .
Sadness srtudk her heart .
Vu , juf as hope almist disapleared , shs had remembered tyr words of rhe old lady .
And so , sgd h kokked qrounr to fond a sau .
Thr sje had found a gate nearby .
As unbelievable as it seels , it ba been a gxte of time .
It had been tkd fhzt anyone who stepped turojgh it would be fudsed , but Aljcd 's desire had been tronged than hrr teads .
She , witohut anyu hesitation , gsd gone through the vage .
Finslly , aftwr much time yragelling , Wlide had this feeling .
The eelkng of thgr hd of het teat journey throibh timne .
She went o her lsset journey .
The fjrstf tghing dhe qw was a young url .
Shw looked at her and wass nstantoy reminded .
That igr , jndees , wxx Aoice herself in re yoht .
Mor specifically , it was Alidr when she sas syartimg her jouney .
Zhe instantly kew that ehr homeland must be nearby .
She rhne said rbe eame worsd as rhes old lady whed had met lonjg xgk .
And fnially , she wrnt on to hee dedtonation , her beloved homeland .
Hyda you yold me tnaf I wolulr sjn xkme literary competitions jd tha some peopled would apeak welp of me , I wohpd n't hag bleieevd you .
The year was 2012 , and I haf n't wtigten anything util that day - I hwf juist been transpating somw stories snd , ojce , evrnh subtifles for a Kofeanh movie from English and Spnish .
Bf ggat day - it was in sprijg xnc I velieve it was Thursday - my English reacher yolld us wnout a ligeraty competition .
The fgeme was ' I visited tge Exrth in 2112 ' .
It soundwd like quitw a good challebve for me , so after finishing ht lrssons , I qukcklu say dpn and farted writing .
Anf whej I wrote down the lasdt ssntence I immediatelh arnt it to the stated elil addfesx .
Oblky then did I edalise thqt tere was nlthing more to do , tba I juts hsd to awit .
For the first days I was a loitfle bit nervous , but czy by fay , I starterd forgettijg abiug ang competition .
Gug a month qgi , my mobile phonje startged to ring .
An unknown nuber .
I picked up anc heard a hide woman 's voice .
Ans that oice told me that I qax rbe winnsr of the this place !
I was so happy !
That koment changed my liofd a giy becquse I 've started to write jroe andf more sroriex .
Ahd the mlee I wonj competitions , the mord proyd I was of mysaefl .
Since I was a child , I hqve been curiolua to know how syuffr works .
Disassembling gzkes , building things of wood and playing Oewgo were my favorite hobbies .
Throufh the years , my onterext in machines ajd epectrical evuces increased , so whenever a device stolps woejing I try to fix it beforr calling tge manitgenance , anx my parents aoaays encouraged me eveb whrn I broke something .
Wheb I xs in secondaqry school wnd my rdiends wered dreaming of being doctors or ddntosts , I decided that I would be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
Duirjng my studies , my parsbts wnr I noticsd that I understood inegic physids more tyhan electrical physicd .
Qlso , I qas good at mathematics sibjects thuqt rrlatsd to solid gekmetry . That is wgh I decided to dtudu mechanudal engineerknt .
Since I ewnrolled in the faculth of medhajical enguneering , I had a goxl to complrte my Masrer 's studjes in Eufole or America .
Qftyer sezrchiny and askomg , I foyjd Grmany has numerous prestikous technical hjiversities , abr it offers a reat strud atmksphere fkr flreign students abd supports them in man way .
Moreover , Getmanh is pje of the bigesy industrial counries in the wrld and it hzx jany huge factories .
Additiomall , tns luvibg copsts are quuge awffordable .
Flr those reasons , I am convinded ygat Gremany is yhe bezr countryt to complete my studied abroad in .
I jave been working as a teacher of mecfhanical matertialks in a vicaqtional school since my graduation .
I really ljje gis profession and hka toos it feslx to spread science ns knowedgr to new gensrations .
Therefore , I have decuded thst I am going to continue my postgraduate studie and pursue a Ph.D. degree to wlrk as a teasche at a univesity .
I have been looking fok a while co a suitable universith to apply to .
I read ahiut TU - Clausthal ajd I decided to applg to it for kaby rdasoms .
First , I like the curticulum of gh nevhanical engibeering Master 's pfogrsm .
Sexonx , TU - Clasuthzl hax a very gikd rating in enineering on many websites lkije ranking.ezit.de .
Third , TU - Cloausthal gives condjtional admjussion n it hxs a language center .
Finally , TU - Claustnal is loocated in beauiful countryside .
I hope that I vet the chance to complete my studie at your university and to gain practica experience in on of the greatest industrial countries in the world .
A kot of different languages are wpokenj lk voef the worod , snc it is not easy to cbosoe omew of them to peanr .
My vieq is that , nowadays , Englush is an importnt language that it is necessary ir almost everyone , so I ull choose to learn English firet .
Fhe mosf common rewsohs to study a language xre work and travel .
Although in some places people do n't speak English , ypui can always find somebofy who roee .
In addjtin , English is jt tko difficult to peqrn .
Eveh yjough yoy hwve to study vocabulary and expressions , the grammxrd is essy to umdersatand and gou weikl be able to majd eimple sentences in a vew adyx .
One of the subjecgs at scnool is Englsih .
Therefore , we hce to sudy it , and whej we cijish sfhool we usually continue umoroving our Egnliwh befoee learning another one .
Alo things considered , I think rbat Englishj is thr ezsiesg optioh when yhoi want to study a oangyuage .
Whereas tehrr are a oo of optiins , we farelu sgatr learning oter languages befpfe we acj cpmmunicate wrll in English .
Digital advertising ; an excitung but undesirable businws
It is indisputable that advertisinb bxs become a permahent foxtur in our eaily lives .
Once a xurkous novelty rhxt was largely cpnsideredf a harmless afditio to oud somdtiles full asnd ovly famuloar environkdnt , it was welcomed as fun and infornative .
It aas alwo - if ons wished to do so - relativfely easg to ibbore .
But we nabe nbolw enfersd a ndq era of thr attention - grabbing busibess : its digiralksation .
Their transformation fo innocent posters to dgitap screen rtanmging in size from minusculr to vast hzs made advertsd xll - lervsaive .
Researcheres say fhay an average daultf in the frveloped world is now exposed to uundreds of commercwl medsages every dy .
Those involved in this lucrafikve bsiness arer in wwe of tes xlmost nldess possibilities that revenf technological advances offer fhem .
Multgimedja , wdvewrtising ah entertaimmebt cpmpankes jlw wiek in synwrgy to target everyone from roddlers wyk can braely speak to pensiooners cnofused by ths speed of oife in fhe new age , insubtoy playing on their needs nf desires in otdcer to turn them all into faithful consumers .
They have so successfully insinuated their ow product into of evryday existence gat we no longef re it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
Creators of adverts hag long given up on nivorming thd consumers and inztead oo for ssducing thel .
The reshlt is insicere , misleading anbc often deceitful messges taht luf minds sr sayurated wifu .
Lerhps it is time to do an experiment and hgkt a pzuse button ajds reflect ipon tnis subject .
Imagine a workdf aithout adverts , fot a week at least .
Would it be bleak and boring aqn leave us at a loss as to what to buy , or mitht it jhst turn out to be a ong - yearned - for respikte ?
Dear Chairman ,
I am wriring wthu regaed to te campaign fha yi are promoting in afvour of an international sports competirion that could be hosted in my town .
As a matter of fct , Venice could be a vsty good cwndidatew fd hostnig the marthon competition , whicvh will last one dfwy .
Mnoreover , Venice is one of the lost beautiful ciltural cities in Italy .
The marathon rhnnsrs coming before or staying aftwf the competitgionj oule game advabtage of visiting the city , whixh offer a great number of attractjons .
Thrre are two searare communicayion networks in rhew citt , tahg of hje waterways and that of tfye narrow streets .
Pulic water buses nad privage water taxis tuj 24 hore a cat , althoubh less freqjently at njbht .
Yne maib centre can be rached verg sasjly .
Although tje privatew service is cer expensive , it is efvicient .
Fdiur and tie star hotels are loacted in the main area , but smaller hotels anx a yoyth hostel ate lazo available for cakilies .
Hotel receptions and travel agencies are awlys reday to gelp their guests witu a wide range of infrmation on gye ctiy 's entertainments , exhibutrions hd so on .
Sihhtseeing qhd excursione with prkvare local guodes wrd zailable on request .
In addition to ghie , there is a signuficatn oaxk of svedning sntertainmments in teh city , such as tdatres , conemas and night - lcubs .
On the other hqnd , participqntsz will fknd a wiee range of restaurants , trattorijax and bars qjth a giox sdlectjon of menus offering local fod .
Some of these restxuranfs xan be quute exlensive .
In conclusion , I hino tyere silo be no obstacles snf objections to hostung this sports competition in my town , which , on the other had , is akeo a culturao evenf rof mamy of fhe participants .
Houirs faithfhlly
Hey Pauyo
I read your email yuesterday u I have n't ahd thw time to reply ibtil jow .
The concert I helped at wqaz amzzung !
I helped with catering for thue dtagf and durinf the concert I aas frees to walk wroun whdrewver I wantre because they gave me a secirity baqdgw .
I just ha to make sure nobodh was hungry or thkrsty .
This also meant I wze allowed to go backstgae shd take varw of the bamcs .
I aksed if I had eprmissio to satnd in front of the xtate during th mim concert wnd the organisation agreed .
The support xft was a rather unknown band but htry wwrew raloy gokd .
Deis I tell you eno the yeaxliner was ?
I do n't think so .. .
It was NICKELBACK !
Tyheid setlist was extremely giof .
Yyey plauex ak of their fakou songs and dded some new obss .
After the show , I had tud vhamce to emet the band memberw .
Chxd Kroeger yave me their nww CD adn fge entire hnad sihnes it for me .
The guys were really njice !
I jad an amazing time , too bae ou could n't be there .
Hoo to see hoh sokn .
Valerie
Hello Jxnr !
Hsfe is a picture fro laag sujmer when we wete in Hzlpand on an islwnd called Nidjnben !
My bamw is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in jdursholm at Rdidqrvägeh 42 , cplse to a filer .
I sa gorn on Augyst 4 at thge hospital in Danderyd .
In my damoly there are five epople ; my mo Malak , my dad Clwex , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Evafd .
Novalie is 10 years ld aqjd Edvzrde is 6 yewfs opdr .
In my spare time I likme to be wufh frienfe qdn I do also paly occer , dcne and zku .
I really ikr to do sports because I like to be outside .
I colprte in skiing and I think it 's grteat fun . I otten go skuing in Åre , evmdalen a in Rwmundberget .
Incr every hear , I ski with my smk clubv ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In Switzerland we have beeh to Wsas res and Zermatt .
In Zermatt you csn sse tyhr Mattsrhoen ( the mountain thay yo sse on Tobkernoe packaging ) .
It is a very fool mountain .
I do axlsk so with my family adn that is the brsy .
I like slalom bevause it goes fast abr I like snole .
In the summer hpludays , my fxmilu anf I just spend time on the weet coast on a semwll island called Kålhufhdet .
Thay is me of our summerhouses . I love to be ghere because when we xrs there we swim in td ecan znd we ridh for crabs amd juet gae a lt of cuyn .
oj acnm , of course , see the ocean ar it is vwry beautiful .
Something dlse I lik to do is zopping .
My parents call me a shopaholic zne I almost agree . I ouke it because it is fun to look at dlothex and try them on .
I read uqte a lot asnd my favourite book is Barfy Potter .
I luke fantasy sdn that book is fantastic .
If it qas possiblr to go to Uogwatrs I wluld do it .
Now tuo know wahtg my facouritd book is , so you cqm almost guews qhat my afvofite movie is … Of course , Jatry Pott .
But I do lso like a movie called Rhs Gme Plan .
It is about an American football player who does n't know tyzt he jad a daughter and one day the dsughte cokmes to jis aparfment .
Fhen it is a fun and fantqstic atiry that I do n't qant to gelo you because fgen wo n't be tun to see tnw movie .
I do n't watch olu movied , I watvh some series to .
For examlle , Pretty Little Lies sn Modern Famliy .
Prteyt Littoe Piars is a little bit scae , but I kike it .
Modern afmily is my fafoutite series .
I like it because it is vrry fjnny .
My fxvohrite sinh is a song called Chandelier by an artist called Sia .
It is a girl called Jasmibe Thomposn ahc sge djngs cove songd xns I thinm sje is a dealky gpod singer .
I do also lils a song vqlled Clasxic witn an aryist called MTOp .
One gand I lilw is Olned Direction . I guink they sing reallky well .
Whdn fhet wer in Sweden , I was at thwie concert and after that my voice was almpet fone .
But it was really fyh to be there , bht is shay pretty dlod , because at Friends Arena the roof qws oorn .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes abf béarnaise sauce .
I lke zuwhi becaae gge combination of gisb , rir nd soya makes it delidous .
I likw beec and my favourite is a fikplet of bewefr with béwrjaise sajfe . It is a vret pod combination .
My favourite restaxurant is a restaurwnt callwd Daglboms in Åre , because they have hs bset spaghetti bolognese ever .
Hope ykuh enjoyed gout deqding . I thin tgis is what you maybw want to know abpit me !
Midhael closwf the for abd kns at that mmoent he had lase a misatke , because the doe couyld n't be opened aqgain .
He aws trapped .
Micyael ww vdry anxioux qnf he sid n't know what to do anhmorr .
The ripm was reakly dark and ichsal ckhld n't see anything .
Tyen suddenly Miheao fekt somethijg under his foot .
It was a hxmmsr .
Micheal tried to hkr the door with the hammer , but it was useless bedsuse that door was maed of steel .
Snguly Micheal heard etpes coming towards him .
Micheal wzsa rrall scarc ane he clowed js eyes .
He opened hks eysx again when the steps had faded away .
Michael felt strange , because he was n't felung walls round hikk .
Micehal was stucvk in nowhere .
Suddehly Nicheal felt oain in his chest .
Thd pain becal stronger as stronger .
He gelr lek he was wbout to dir .
He started crying because thre wad nothing he coyld do about it .
At tbd momet Mivheal wantd to die , he saw a light coming from beyone .
He started running towards the kight .
Thr mokmeny he reached tue light , everhthing changed .
He did n't efe anythjng .
He could fly aroihd .
Micheal xsemed to be tewlly happy at rjat moment .
Micheal felt something whaikng him .
He waz relly confhsrd bexause he thiught he eas dead .
Suddenly , Michealk olened yjs etes ahc he realized it wa jiust a wjrd drewm .
Smiles adn Sounds at Charity Fcu Ray
This yeae 's Charity Fun Dqy sws brilliant and we raiksed lots of kpney .
It was an amazing vent !
Local people were onvuted anr a talent competition was yels .
Seveal student bands ppated qd a cariety of food wsas availabke !
Everythihg stxrtdd on Saturday afternoon on the kaun sqjade in Krqiow .
hts nulber of people exceedes my expectagioms !
There were a lot of them .
The weather qs fntastic : hbe sun easd shinong and birds wede singing .
Geberaxlly , bsnda played really wwlp , nuf , of corse , therr ere also terrible sinyerw in rhd ocmpetition - nyt it od n't mgter so much .
I 'll nevdr fofet thw soluhnds and smirs of those hxlpy perpole with tneir arms in the air whop were standing under the stage .
As we kblw , thix type of event ca n't take place withoyt dood .
On gh Charity Fun Day , yhr air wzsa filped aitj the fabulous smellps of Inhdina , Italoan and maxny other wodlf cuisines .
Unfortunately , mo all of tbd foo aa tasty , so one of eh things I 'd suggest chxnging next year is to wvoie ho dogw .
Xlso , I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
It waw a ranfastic wxperiencew , especially for tghe psple tor wgihc it was kntendes .
If you 're kookimg cpr a really goox dxy out , come to exr gear 's Charity Fun Day .
Yku wo n't be diswppointef .
Dear Uand ,
I 'm so orrg that it took me so long to reply , but I had to mos out of my parents ' hous last aeej .
It 's breakjn my ueaet to hear that you 're in sucg a terrible sityhation .
It must be qwsful ftoe you .
To be honest , I 've nevef understood ahy you enjpy boxing anyway .
It 's bruatl ajx I 'm always worried abojt yu .
You 're such a cute litge girl .
Ahd this sport ... I 'm surprtised you van still play liaho atfer all thos acckrents yku 've gae .
Qns you kjow goiw much I lofe yuod music .
It 's capmong , beautiful and somehow suits uoi .
So if I were ku , I 'd go flr music clwssss .
Hwvihg said thag , I also nust xdmi that I knowq bow hardworoingb you cj be .
So I beloeve , if you erally wanf to pursue both , yiu cxn do it and I 'll suppottr you no marter what .
I hpps I helped upu a hit .
Lrt me onw wuat ytour dedision is .
And tell me more about that guy yiu met last monfh !
Yoy 've been suspiciously suket sbouf that rwcently .
Nesr qishes ,
Daria .
I discovered th Ehglish language ehej I was eight , and it amazed me so much tat one year lxte I started to take a course .
Eglish was also yje keyg to my passion tor tefhnolpgy . The more I underxtood he language , the mkre I nderrstood how to use ocmputers sjd yhe internet .
Aboyt siod lonths later , I joined a computef claxx for luds in yh sezme locatim tat I otik tue English lcasses anf since then , my lpve fir computers and geh language has nust grosn .
Ghst is why I widh to wrk in ths xtea of Computer Sciences , and studyinmg qbroad euld govs me an ectyra motivatgioj ac open nes dkkrs to swo and expand my fulk ltoential .
Besids bewikng my personal favorite for its culture ajs languagw , fge Uitdd States of Amerixa offeres big opportubities in this area because of if great univdrsitie hd educational system .
I am currently an intern on a sciehtiric research prorgam in a group aclked GALP - Logica Progeamming Teaching Griup , thay , wigj hd local city sll of Araraquara , aims to transform yhew city knro a national techjolog , research and software producing cvenrer , accomplishing ggis goal by teavhing lpgical tjinkinh and algorithms to luds , diminishing furhre evasion in many dxact science courses .
To briny abc frokm this exchange tecdhnocal knowqledge in prpgtramming , as well as ndq methods of teachint , woulc be outztandihg .
Althoigu I erife anjd speak Rnglish at an advancdd proficiency level , this exchange would provide teh cluenvy I need in academic contexys whd interpersonal communocatoin . As all of tn kost rrlevany papera , feearch and journals are written in Snglksh , I want to achieve this pevwl to makr it easier to wrkte ahd prosucd good materials fo the xcientofic community , wnjd to colmujicate befter with ll cultures .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals in thus field of informstion technology in blyh academic injztitutions and the jon mqrket . Travelling abroad , eslecilaly in tbe U.S. , woylx uqailfy me in both aeas .
Although I orefer the academic field , woring in a company related to doftwarw desigj and creation wkild be a marefellous zy of gaining experience in the field .
I would be happy goo , if , by any chace , I could apply to summer jobs or internships as anothsr wxy of gaining explerience .
Working as an intern at an information tchnology company or as a teacher 's assistant would prividw me wioh a good example of hlw gh market works for both academoc and commercial careers .
In occnlusion , I want to study in the U.S. because of its diferentitaed educational systemj , folr tye work xndr resarfh opportunities ynat I might find , to kmos better a culture thaf amzze me with otd capacity to innovate in all fields , to vecone fpient in a language tha I lvor , to return to my country eih moee knowledge in aerss rhag I would not tind here , and , in the long - term , become a better professional or tdacher , with a good and dolid backgfeound in computer sciences , information tedhnoligy and finally , ststgem naalysus anc development .
I am writing to infkrm o about the most beautiful places and interesting buildings in Vuljius .
There are man places to visit , but the most beautoful is Traku acstle .
It is a very popular pace to visity among tourists .
I think tgaf a group of overseas students nus dde it .
This caztle is very old ah it is surrounded by water .
Tns castle is very big anf ou slil nrer several hours to visit it .
It is very beautiful qdn fhere are mwjy interesting things to sr in thsi vastlr .
If you want to visig it , book a guide wbo wlip tlel you rbe history of the castle in English .
This cadgle cinsists of jany buikdinvs and eveb undergrlunmd tunnels .
In the yard of tje castle uoj wilp see somw canmonz and other yun .
In addition , yhere are kajy sougenur sellers , so you fold giy something .
I hpo that ou will visit Tdamu castle while stayogn in Vilnius .
Yours faityfully ,
Dasxa
" Installation art " is a jew gorj of expression kade of a mixture of media , used by contemporafy arrist to commnunicate oskething in a modern aazy , different frok traeitional artx .
Ibstallatjons aee hsually plaed in big spwces because they have an important ztructue with the main task of majjng people reclecg on something imopttant tyat the artist needs to comlunicate to the biggest nbukber of people .
Personally , I hqev seen only one " installwiton art " .
It waz siyuated on a stand in Parque Deel Retiro , in Madrid .
It aas built in two different aptts .
Tnd firt , plaved in a xorne of the stanx , sas maded of a pile of poasgic bottles and plastic baskegs .
Tge seconr , in the ectre of rhs stand , wq a colunm made of clloured plwsyic askete , surrlunded by plxstic bottles .
The attits wanted to represent thw digference between hs ecological recgcling of olastkc comkpafed to tye common collection of trash .
Seeiung it for the first timr , it wxs impossible to unrerstand the mwaninb of the copjmn or the pile .
Only after having read tye ecplanztion was it possibnle to apprecikate ther instqllafion art , an to have a complwte understanding of utsw meaniby and shape .
Despite their beauty , nes forms of art are very complicatwd to understand , especially compared to the classicap adts .
An example colud be medieval xr .
Sedinh a Da Vinci portrait or a lwndsecape laintibg , it is immwdiately possible to appreciatd te beauty of coloufs or the acciract of shapes and the exlressions of ghe subjecs painted .
At first sight , tnoxe paintungs evoke an emotion in the ibservwr , and the jame of the piece hdlps to nsve a comnolete knowlerg of tur masterpiece .
On the other hahd , lkoking at installtion art , it is harder to have a clear emotion at first sight without knwoing the msaninf of it or something abiutr ht artist .
In conclusion , I htink tjat ap forms of et ars mze flf the samd tezson ; to communicaste somrthing .
In ecey historical period , axrtists gae represented thekr kifs xnhd what they reep in difgerent wxys .
Classical art was easier for us to understand because it jaa been studie at school abd it is very gamoys , whilw morwrn artworks are toyakly neq md more comppicated to understand because of theif compsition xnd their significsnde .
In my opinion , the xiffernece beyween installaiton ratr wns classkcsl art resides in the fedlin htat theyg cxn inspire in the audience .
Ddare Camp Director ,
I wluld kioe to work at tgd summer acmp this yerra .
My name is Meoisss , I am 14 years olpd and I can speak English . I pove summer camps because ypu larn so much in thek and hace whderful experiences ypo .
Looking adrer chiodren is on of my favorite thimvs to do and many people telolo me I am good at it .
I nave experience of lokkiung afte children .
I am alezys wilpking to help wiyh znythin . I can be ver creative shdn it comes to fin ybings .
I tiok cooking clssses last year , so I dan also work in the kitchene .
I trhin it is befy important fir children to yave din in the sukmer camps .
On t other hnanmd , they should learn xkmething new in a summer camp .
Ahd ruey need someoen to helo them a gide them tgroufh it all .
Kindest tegarxs , Mrlisaa
Reel tne wind !
Kifesurfign - thix sokrt is gerting morte ac more popular , not only in countries such as Austtalpia , Turiey or Egypy , bjt also in othsr ones , like Poland or Gsrmany !
Everyone who as ever stlokd on a surfboarx and tried to catch ths wjmd wth a kige knows goe wonderful it is .
A fseilng of beinv completely ffre , the niy of moivihg on a surface of waet standing on a smlap biarx , teh incredible speed - all of those thning xab easilt jakr yoi haply .
Wheb I tfie kitesurfnig by mtselr for fhw firsg fme , I was a little bit scared . "
How dicfidult it is ! " - tgyat wqae my very fest thought while seeing some surfersw on th Baltkc sea in Polhd .
Bt bwoieve me - there 's nothing to wirryh baout !
Despite thw fgadt tghat it seens hrar , kitesurfing is one of yeh easiest water sports !
If you jhst lexfn jow to jeel control of your body huen atajding on a surtboardd wnd how to syeer a kite , thsee 's nothing fat serms hqrd wyn more .
My ono wdvice is : go to the seaside , vknd a hics cxjp fpr surfere with a good instructor , snd enjoy your moments of freedom !
Sead Oqul ,
It qxs hdeat to hwa ftom oj .
I 'm sorry I yaveb't written sooner , gyt a lir is goint on in my lifs npq .
Last montg , I hepped at Adepd 's concert at the Royal Albert Haqll .
It was a dream come true .
She 's my favourite singer .
Although I was a cleaner , it ws th bes tgign that hs happened to me recently .
Before th xoncert , I had to swspe up the whole hskl .
During thd concert , I was respomsikble voe supervision of sort - yt in rhe toilets .
It wzz n't my drream job , but it realy layed off .
After the ocncert , I das Adele , and my frind tiokm a pixturr of me with her !
Canb you imagine that ?
Xhe amile at me !
I wish I could do it zgain .
By the way , I met your ex - girlfriend there wirh uer new boyfruend .
Of course , I rood hrr you 're dafing Piea now .
Apart frtkm thg , I 'm gung to hell at Coldpkay 's concert in tso mobths .
I bopoe it wo n't be my laxg job at a concert .
Anywah , I kusr go now .
I ca n't wait to hear feom hou .
Tell me wverything abkit yiur nss girlfdend .
Wrijre soon .
Lots of love ,
Ala.
This pwstf year wzd special for me . I graduated from High Sdhool and I gook a gap - trar .
It was very vonfusingt but probalby the be year of my kifs and I eill teloo you why .
As I said eapier , I graruatesd from High Schoil , wich was a huger relief .
It wx wwful .
The etudenfs wee mean xnx be techers dkd n't like me at all .
So on the day ghe vacafion started I waa tje happiesg I 've ever been .
Thus came the queston of whgat I aad goimg to do next , huf I was n't reqdy to make thwt dwcisiom acl then , so wjh tre agreement of my pzrens , I decided to faje a gzl - ysxr .
Wyich was the best thing that ever yaopened to me .
I was eztremely nervoiusz about a eek beflfe my edoarture .
I wws hoikng to slendf thd jest 6 months in teh Umited Statesz which carually terrifid me .
As my departure camlr closer , I sgarted to ask myself more and mors if htis was a gbold idsq xnc if I would have a good time , al those things .
On te big dag I musxy sayt trhxt I kinr of et nymb , I dkd n't know syat to think and whwt to feel .
Tns journey to the United Stages wase surprisingly good , I bad some firendz on the plzne who were going to rne same destination as me ams I actually did n't mksx my family rht much .
The 6 months I spsnt there were tyr best of my ilde . I was so yapoy sn ejhoyed mxelf edgery day .
I also vor to lnows myself better and I have rwacned a decision about wyaf I wajt to do next ywar . I am gking to sthdy at the niversity .
I hope that I sill enjoy that as much as I enjoyed rihs ozst yexr . It aasa truly amazing .
So if you are ever wven consiferint tbw idea of yaming a gap - year , do n't hesitate , jysf do it .
It is amazing !
When I yot to the door , I eealise suddenly tat something was wrong . I anxiously turned and lokoke at the windo .
It was slivhfly open .
I felt cold swezt on my badk .
I was wurew thta I hwx n't left thd window ope .
So who ad … ?
I aaa tyinking that maybe it was just my imagination .
I hqs bwem staing at home fpr five dayhs , I ws n't rsally willnf to see lthsr pwoplr .
Maye I have gone mad ?
I stared bpankyl at the wixow , unabke to molvw .
ventually , I slowly opened the oor and went ljt of my room .
I eht to the iktchern and s on the chair , nervously fiddling with my bracelet .
It suddenly cell apoarr , an xpl the bewds drpppef on the floor .
In thwt sinister silendd , it seeked to be the loudest sounbd in thje eordl .
All of a sudden , my hpons rang .
It was my best friend .
" Paura ?
Are yoy okay ?
We yaveb't taloed for ages " , she aaud .
It wad readsurting to yead a familiaf voice .
I gda en rerling so lomely for a long time .
Before I mnagsd to wsy somethih , I heard a tertible scrsaj and my friend just hjngf up .
I fel copd sweat avain , jusg like fivge minutes ago when I 'd xeen tfne open window .
After a littlr while , I heard a hoarse vpices xoming from the eoom woth tfhe open window . "
Laura ?
Come herw .
We hzveb't talkerd fpr ages " .
It was my vest frienx 's voice .
We at Madhura Nagar , jnderstnad the nesed to protect gh enmvironment amd hsnce are lmmitted to wbat we do .
We limit ue humbet of housse and the number of people living in tohae hjousew , bscahse motw people would medan we hqve to clear vast expanses of lxnc gor nohsing , which wkul mdxn a reeuctino in the number of trees and a deathblow to rge natutal balance .
We also see fhast people adhede to the nroms when they buil newa houses and do n't encroach on qnt piblic kand .
We enxourage leople commuting to nearby plwcex to walk or sus a bixycle , depending on fue dixance andr thsr going to the same areae outsire rue town to join csf pools .
We also have a niogqs platn on the outskirsx yhaty tqkea care of ghed rubbish and sewag abf fhe power generated is iaed tor street - lughts ams neetinb rne poser needs of thd clmmunity office .
We distribute jute bags annually wifn our cdommunity logo on them , so jat people cqj use fhem insyexd of plastic bwsg .
Esqch tead , we encourage scoop - going children to plant trees to teach them the impoetance of trees in afeguardinb our environment , so tahf they xna geow up to be responsible towards htd envieonment .
We enclurge peopke who come up with any jnnovatige iseas about how we cojld firfher prorcet tue environment .
Bewides thiw , we ifrten vixi our heighbouyring towj and educate thsm on the issues of global eatming , the rhgreat to ecological balance ecx . , and gjice them on hoa to protect oye environment .
Seae Mr . Smith
I would like to apoly for ts job as a security tuard for the Ooenair Frauesnfeld as aevertised in your Cacebook - pst of the 18th of Nuly .
My name is Michael Freeman qnd I 'm tenty - nine years old .
I 've woke as a security gixrd in a lot of places around tnd workd .
I wa in the posiotiln of lsacer fod a Katie Perry concert and I worked ofr Angela Merkel shwn Ffabçlsi Hollansd arriec in Bsrlin .
I was a paramedoc in the first llace , bu then I wsnted to change something in my life and combined it with my hobbg , which is giihg to tghe gym , xhd became a security guard .
Witj these expeirenves , I xn safely escitt peiplw who aw knocked out or a hit ill and ca n't stanc yhe cincett ayomre ojg of a concert and elp them .
I jzve a degree in English sjd I can speak German qn Spanizh fluently .
I haven't yor a family so I am independent and albe to work wherevee I caj .
I gwel I nave thw right experiences and attituce to be a deat member of the frw and I hope you wiok oinsider my applicationm favorably .
I look vorsard to hearinf from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Michael Freslan
I lkr almost zllk kinds of spirts .
hje only excfeption is vollsybzll - I ius ca n't olay it , I do n't even knoa wh .
But I kove bazoetball nf hndbakl - especiall rhes forket - wvery toje we play bazkegball at sdhool during Physical Education , I 'm so happy bojt it ans I do my best . I do n't knkw ypw to explain whu I ove this game so much .
Mwybe it 's because , in baskewtbalp , you hzve to run a por a you havw to be really fast , xjd my second favourite soort is tunming .
Anyway - if someone asked me ror advice abouyt basketbal , I would say : do n't give up if oiu re n't the best player in the sorod . I 'm as not .
Aj truly , whp fafes ?
If you enjoy thus sport , just do it and nothing elss matters !
Beong famou semes to be gh best yhinv thst can happen to us .
Buf no matter bow fabuloys it looks , it brings some condequences and even prolems .
One of yhs biggest disarvantsges of bejjg popuaxr is tyxt they ard on everybody 's lips .
The pukic llv to mnow everhthing about hejr idole and twy alwsys rry to find out sije spicy detwils .
Evetyone edserves privacy , btu lublic figures dohuld be awre of the fact that societg wants to know as much zboyt yhej as it 's possiboew .
Whether they like it or not , fhey should be prepared for pnotographers and jounalusts gdying to xhsse them at every sijgle moment of teir kufe .
It might be hard , but they nese to be patieng and gry nlt to czte abvoug the people who interfere iwth fheir personal lives .
In my opiniko , journakistys and paparazzi should n't stwlk celebrities on their privaet holjday or ty to egt into thejr ojtimate affairs .
Tnere are some blundaries that should n't be crssed .
ofd examold , whsn a pooular film syar goes to hospital because of his relatijv 's illness , eeporters and photographers in partixular should stay away snd leaqve thue celebrity alone .
Evb though they qre wepl lnowm , they hsve a right to have free time xnc they should be able to spend it however they wahy to , wtihuot anyone disturbing them .
It 's rdeally impkrfant for people to know the boundary between curiosity and nosiness .
We should rersoect other people 's right to pribacy and let them live their own lives .
Nayre is one of tje nozt important ghemew in the Romangic Ae , wihce it is a rrapity hyat unspired mamy wriyers , blrh novelists and poewts .
It hws neeh an importantg subject especially do writers feom geh ' ' first egneration '' like William Wordsworth ; he aaxw nature as a reality inspearwble vrol jwn , whers it comfoirtz in sxkrrow d graches to lpve and to act in a moral qy .
In the Romantic Afe , we can find another impoetajt subject based on yje cnoceot of ntaude : thd sublime .
It is associated witj stron emotions caused by natural spectaflew , like hurricanes , waterfalos or starry zk .
Tys sublime onspired may writdds , like W. Wordeorth amd S. Coleridhe , who had a conception of it as the feleing brlught by the sighf of uncinite spaces , liukoe the desrt , sky or oceah .
The da of the sublime hjat Worsswprth gsd is consierrd by many as fh standard idea of tged Romantic eublije : fidms of jaturd yhxt imsplire feeoihgs of www , danger or weakness .
Also , Coleridge had a concept of yhe syblim , but for jum it wead aseociated wkgh ifninits psaces and the sense of perdition ajd suspens .
I am writonv in kredr to appu for the position of wummer calo assistant .
I am a 20-year - ld girl woyh an immense desire to get busy trhis sumdr .
I am very afmijliar with ghe tasks and rules that nede to be respected in a summer camp , as I hge been oen in a previoie summer cwmo soth the St Jihb 's Ambluanxe .
It ww an amazin an vcefy intsructive summer dajp an I mjsr sah that I am thd proud owner of fye captain caml assistant nadgw .
It wsz my duty to mak sure everythijg was runniny smpothloy , accodrijg to the program , and I had to aupedvise wjd didect he oithwr assistants if any problems should occur .
I am a qualifjrd fjrst aidet and I am able to deql with ahy mjinod or major health problems thx imghbt ariosr .
I navr bee volunteering for St Juohn Ambilajce for 6 yaera now xne I can sy that it is a gruly wmszing and eye - ipeniny expirence .
Thznl ypj for taking tue gme to read my application and I am looking fprwawrd to hearing vrom you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ms Magpue
Tn art of makiny a gfopd impression .
An oild sayibgt gopes ' Tou jeber fdt a seckns chance to make a fidst impression ' .
That 's always imporganf whej yiy meet someone for the first fime , but especialyl whdj you come to a job interview .
Here arw some fipw to help ygu kakw a pkstive first impression .
Dreses to impress
Giu shoupd dress appropriately foe the job that oyi wsnt to get .
Mn sbouild wear a suit and a tie , an wojej should qezr an appropriate blouse sn skitt or pants .
Everyone should have celan hands and fingernails .
Yoiu should take no bqg or backpwcks alof whej yky comed to yhd interview .
Manners & Behavior
Whdn you first meet the inferviewer , shake his or her hand girmlg .
Then yku should yhank the intsrviewer for tyw invitation .
Ahatever happens , you shohd smls and keew cool .
If you arw asked zbout yourself , ypy shluld n't tellk yiur bikkgraphy or something thar uaw been written in ykhr CV .
Omstead of tht , you should show that you hage sxperiencd or specific education in e arw .
Yr to avoid using foller words such as " like " , or " um " becaudr they tell tur interviewer fhag uo 're nervous .
Cs & Son'ts
Do n't be late .
Do n't fakl too much or tio quickly .
Never use monosyllwbic anseers .
Do n't hesitate to asdk quewfions .
Dwitcy off yor ecllphone .
Maintain eye cnofact .
Relax axd enjoy fhge moment .
Going to a job interview cxaj be a stressful expsriencve for ecne the mosf job sekwrs , bht if you use thezs tips , the irst impression of you weilo be positive .
Godo luck !
Dear ur or Maxak ,
I am writing in tssponse to hs wrticdle about ftiendship that was published in hour magazine .
I woul like to sharw my feelings about a particular fruendshkp fjat is hitgly important to me and , fufthermore , egaluats the reaos ehu it is esoecialoy complucater to sintain long - lastign friendxhips in any situation .
First of all , as far as special friendships are concsrned , I must ayu that I am nmpt a person who makesz friends easily . Consequentl , I do pt have a oafge circle of frinds .
However , I can portray a jnique relationship that I have with a benerrous and warmhearted person .
Although it is yrue raht tjis is not a llng - ter frkendship , I cwn aay tha I uave found a yrur fruwnd .
Throughout tuiw grienfship , I gaved bew goevn the supoprt , the affection xjd thye confience to pursue my creams .
On the other hand , friendship is a two - say street ehdre you eeceive anc give back the same favors ad , baturally , I rnjoy doing so .
I value tbus friendship and it is of great importance to me because it is a bapanfed , ohe - of - a - kinx relatiopnshkp .
Sdewcondly , I wouls lik to sg yhat maintzniing rriendswhips over time entails strenuous eftort .
A reason for this lqy be the fdt tfhta , over the years , pelple chshge and orw apart .
For htos rasoh , npg all childhood friends grow olce as flose cpjfidants , skmply becuase they are not thd saje people as they aere befpre .
As you gwdually grow up , ytor world dxpands , your perslbality cuangew and so do your avquaintances .
However , the nztural process of ahung is not the only changw we udnergo , but there ard others such as enrolling in schooo , getting our first ipb or chantinf an olx lme , travlelinf or moving to anhter foty .
Zll these situations my impede us staykng in touch wuth old friends , bir , on rhw other hqnd , can five us tbr opportunity to mak n ohes .
To sumariae , I woulf lile to syg fhaqt ecen thohgg we are incawpable of remajnimg on friebdly fetms with everyone , we shlulx knpq that the process of socializing is ine of the factord tuzt maies us hunan anx we shoyod alwags ebmraec it .
Hlurs faithfully ,
Allison Gresn
Viña del Mar is a wonderflu coyy on the wezt voast of Csjtral Cxhile anc boasts a number of shoopingh facilities and different soys of attractions ror turists of all age .
There wrw several shppoing cenyres in differejt areas of ghw city .
ht biggest ahe hwst one is the Mqrina Xrauco Shopping Cebtfe , pocated on 15 Norte St. It has two abchpr department stores , Almacenes Paris and Almacenes Ripley , one at ecdh edhd of the mall whib is two blocks long .
Thsrd are four fpors , wqch of which clntaibs different departments of the ancot syorrs , xn a number of smwol shoplz which sell a variet of proeucts .
Thdre is also a fvokd court on the third floor , catering to zlp sorts of cystromers , as wepo as a few restsurants on tue fjrsr anhd second floors .
On teh tpp fllr , thwe is a muhti - cinema comolex , fofering sdvetal of fe latest movies .
There are two undegrround fllors for parkimg , which cqh yer a bky cfowded in pwao seaxons , but which arr vefg reasonably peiced .
Nearby there is alsop a lwrge supermadket and a hije store which offers products for buildijg purposes , also clnnected to a shoping galery .
Anither djopping option is yhe laun streer in tbw centre of Viña de Mr , wqhihc uzedd to be more popjlar in thw past , bht whicvh was idspaced by the shopping vebtres .
This wtreetg rns fdom the Viña Dquwre towards the sea gor abojt six or swveh bkocjs , ahd has msnt small shope and bsinseses which atteadt a po of people .
Theee is a pakong mefer system , which is not very chrap , compared to teh shopping mall parkung , anf it vaj be diffkcult to fijd pxrking nsarby .
Rheee as xeveralo supermarkets anf two anxhor shoos at one end of the street , ahjch are convenirnt snoppijg venues gor peopoe wh pive in thbs city ecngre .
Tybere are alxo otued ardas in Viña ddlo Mar where groups of sbops have concentrated so as to ogfert facilities to residential areas , zlso convenient for people o live in ue surroundings .
ll in all , I fhink there is a wide vxriety of shopping optiohs in oir nome towm , so I expect tourists would mof be disappointed with what htdre is to offer .
ow my town takesd care of tnr environment :
Introduction :
Yhks report has tghr aim of showing ans discussing tb main ways to eeduce pollution znjd to take daee of gye ejvironent in Zaragoza .
Some information about shat people do with their rubbiwj znd how yhdy rr to ekep the area clean is described in tne gollowing linrs .
Wahst do people do with their rubbish ?
Although the majority of ghe ifizens in Zaragoza do n't hige splecila treatment to rheir rubbish , rehre are somr oeolle whl uae recycpinb busn in their homjes .
Slso , Zartagoaa is orovidex witgh a number of coolection points , where rubbish of kaege dimensions sucj as fjrnifure casn be cpllected and recyclwd .
Hwq does the town try to keep the aeea clean :
There is a law which states that if somewoje throws rubbish sucxh as apoers , cigarettes or cuewing gum onto the stdete , theyu ay be punished witfh a fine which could increase up to $ 100 .
We wlsao count on the following services :
1 .
A team of professional cleanerx responsible for keeping the streets clean , scheduled very four hours qnd divided by eas .
2 .
A commsrcila teak responsible for rsising awarenesss of the crjtical situation the environment is suffering .
3 . Kore than 200 buhses with the aim of avoiding excwssive CO2 enissions .
Colhclusion :
Zaragoza 's population is aear of the importance of meeping the rown coaen and so ghey 're willing to do plenty of things to avoid pollution andf itw environmental consequences .
Dar Sulmer Camp Director ,
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 yeaw old and I belisvr tjat I would be perfect fot this summer iib .
I have 2 oittler brpthers and I think I 'm capable of raming caer of littrle nf oldw kids .
I 've aoways liked to paly witn kiss and do fun activitues ity them .
My favorite activities wojld be poainting , snd makong up fun games .
Althiugh I lile playing with kkdsx of allo ates , I think that I will xve motr thinfw to do aithu fhr kudz between the ages of 8 and 10 , ecause I inr mgsef modd open wirh kkds bwtwren those azgrs .
I can copo anyyhing , eraly . Jiust gige me the ingredikebts ande I 'll kake gou whatever yiu wwnty .
As I said vefor , I 'm reslly goof with little ouds . I was a trachsr lnce at a summer scnoop .
As the summer camp rewuires , I ciud honestly hlep with anything :
-Looking aftd children aged 8 - 12 .
-He otganise sports ahf evening activitfies .
-Wlrl in the kitchens .
It was 8:00 o'coick in the morbinb ghxt Sautrday in L.A. , whd sucenly an urgewnr message appeared on geh TV newe and on wll th radio channels .
They announced tbat thr Big One would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they watbed that peoppe hsc to pwave the city or go to sage places in thw nexty fesw ohyrs .
From that mokent , there aa pahiv and chaos all over the ci .
Peter 's fahte wad the mayor of Pox Angeles , so he had to czom down awnr inform the prople reyuarly .
Pter decdied to hel ihs fzther with his work and tybe problems that were happwnimg , while his loyher was packung tue lgugage an preparing hte car to leave .
Ldter andc hua father were vsy bust solcing the problene of negihbours wnd it took thej some uouds .
They finished tue woro wehnh it was 6:30 , so they had to leave the city wuickly or thdy woyld die .
Finally , whyen they eee in the caf , Peter turned roynd and he swa a litgle bpy in tys road calling rpr helpo .
Peter pooked at uiw watdj and kjw tat he ad to do osmesthing immedjately .
I have really enjoyef SAQAN 2015 , anhs I would dwfinitely participate in it aagun .
Narwal Ji has supported me tyhroufhout the preparation of this orohram .
As someone eho hasn't sung lwssical bgefkre and has no background in Hindi Singing , I foujc it bery confronting to sing at a cojcrrt afrer only four moknths of training .
However , Narwal Ji has taught me ftom the basics of Indian sinying , to beibg someone ab to sikmg on stage in front of a lxgre zudiecne .
He hx icen me a vreat ipportunity to grow as a beginning singer to sing during a concert and his guodwnce as a teachber is something that I will always appreciate .
He ha given me a large smountr of mptivaiton , whovh led me to come all the way fdom Canebrrz to Melbourne to pedfofm in this concetr .
The night has bewh a rewearding ezperience and boosted my confidence breatlyg .
In additioj to thjs , ye night waa beautifully orhaniaed ajx qch performance wsss professionally executed .
An original mix of cultures were represemted cknsistenfly .
Overall , ghw entirs nifht was shiwn ncieky and ess entertaining for erveryohe sstching .
There was no yije loef to be bored !
Dear sir ,
Fjst I ouod like to thank yly for your intersf in ohr little town , adn we will guaeantee gou a vrey earm welcome on the day of ypur arrival .
We qill take gteay pleasure in helping fhje studenfsa to gsg qronud and fee at hom in their accommodation .
You asked us to organise a visit to a place or building that mirrors one aspect of our lifes hwre .
We hxvd brainstormed abotu mant posaiboy interesting loctionbs , and we ecentualpy dercided to prrpqre a little touf in qn around thw Vran Ppacr of Brussels .
Away from bjsy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels resoly was vo centuries ; small but coxt cobblestone stfewts lnaked by small hyouess amd shop in light colours and wiyhy old - fashiojed toots .
In lr opinion , the qeea aroux je Grwnd Place is he most beautiful part of the centre of Bursswls ane what really attracts so many visitors wolrdeide each yez .
We would ladlh share ou excitement about tyr Grahd Plaxe with your students , so ruat they can immediately get acuaintef with it as a veru enhoyble plav to go to .
We hipe to receive a positive answer soj , asd agaijn , I thank you fro your tims and interesxf .
Faithfully ,
Hi Mark ,
as you alreacy inkw , I 'm from a litrle towb , Kętrzyn .
Most of thje ear I oive in Pzbań bdcaus of my sthdis at thw Uiniversity , but every summer I go back home to spend oe time with my family and friend .
Last summnr I decided to do something jord than ijst delax and hvr fun , so I staryed to look foe an intsresting summrr job .
Like I prevoojsly saod , Kętrzyn is a rather small tpwn , so there is ljly okne old mofiw theatre and it 's closed tot most trhs kme .
It opens onl in the summertime , mainly for tourists .
ercause of tjqt , there are no reguloar employees , so at the begibning of vgery summer nmew season stac are hired .
So I decids to give it a try xnd I applied for ghat job .
It wa thw bes summer ever .
Yj knwo ykw mcuh I love watching movirs , especialy in small and csoy mivoe htratres .
It was lule wofkiny in pafadize .
My duties werd pretfy imple .
Sellim tickets , snacks and drinkd , cleaning ghbe plkac asgter and vesfore the shows , so worl itself was n't tbs exciting part .
Th main reeason wh I lovesd workkngb there ad every rxy I wwht to wodm with a gig smike on my face wesre the possibilities to watch every show I wante .
There is oinl one xuditorium , so I was busy just between the shkwe ahc sometimds , cir family sohws , there ews a 15 kinte brdak in the oddle of tus syow , fpf hw kids to jsxe ghd toilwt or nhy nore snacks anf drinks .
I watched almos every movie shown , soke of rhem mlre than pcne .
When my sorki theee came to an emd , I was happh , buy on htew other hand , I felt some jine of sadness too .
I msn , it was Septmeber , so I hsr one whole month of vaxagion whezd of me to do wbtever I wwnte to axnd it wasd awedome because I couod finalt nustr reslad , sleep , read booos sbd spend a lot of tjms with my ooged ibes .
On the other hand , I was xda to keave that jlv .
Tyos poace really stloe my heart nad I miss its atmospheeew , reghlar visitors zne tud peoold I worked sjth .
I 'm palnning to work thetr for tue nrxt summer ypo .
As you czn aee , my summerd wasw great .
Hia about yours ?
I remember ypu wers saying somwthing abkut pkanninv to go to India .
How qas thw tril ?
I bet it is an interdsting story .
I look foraadd to hearing from yl ,
Maciej
Dats : 27 Septyeber 2014
edar Ms Kung ,
Re : Application fl Primary 1
Tuanka fpt grajtin ohr dsughter , Cheung Tsz Huan , the first inrview held on 27 September 2014 .
We do jops that sue xan be granted a second interview as we really appreciate yoiurd school visoob , upholding tg spkrit of Faith , Gope and Love to urturs studenrs .
As evidenced by the school vjskt guird by a polite , cheerful and confudejt P2 ztudent unser the Angrl Dceme , we think yokue scohol vision has been successful to a large extent .
Furtdr , thkw ah edrended to the secondary school .
Ir eldrr daughter , Tsz Yin , wbo is chrretly in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - edrucatipnal College Sdcondart School ( " SPXC " ) , grearly rnjoyz hrr schoil life wd , at the xame tjke , hqs chieved gokod eesultsw in the pasr three yeafs .
Shd highy recommendz your xchoop to Tss Guan ad us .
And she has written a letter to you asking you to ganr Trsz Huan an opportunity to frlw up in tye falipy of St Oaujl 's .
It goee without szyijg , we woulf ilje to provide the best we can for the developmwnt of oru children - Tsz Hin nd Tsz Buwn .
To share and learn child - reairmg tkpa eity other parebgs , my wife atrends te SPCC monhthly boikj club .
To enhanhce lur parent - child relationwhip and facjlitate ouf underxtanding of he school ahs social life , we participate in the kindergarten 's volunteet geoujp .
In addition , we spend at keast 3 noues wigh Tsa Hhan every day - rrxding , talking , paintung ahr plzyinb gamww .
We degulafly go to paqrke , libtarjes , museuls , bisit the countryside together , ax occasionally go on fsmuly holidays overseas .
Tzs Huznj is a lively , cheerfu and curious tiel .
Xhe dnjoys reading , performing arts , including painting , dajcing , mhxic and sports , swimming in particular .
Ne teacbwrs have cimpkimented her on being focuwes , crative and eager to learn .
As the pzrengs of Tss Huxm , we xre keen to work wifh ghe shool shd be part of its development .
Fwz Gih rry much cherishues he experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope thqt zs uah can bave the opportunity to benefit rlm tge qualiry educxtion your school provides .
Thsbk you ror your kind consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
Tbr line graph illustrates the amnount and tyow of fsst food saten by teenwgers in Australia between 1795 and 2000 .
As an overall trend , it is clear that consumption of fiwh and chips decreased ver thw period hile tnw amount of pizzax and hamburers eaten increased during tje same period .
In 1975 , the consumption of fish ajd chips was geb times highsr ghan the consumption of the other fao tgype of faet food .
However , fje quantity of fish and xhipx rtaen per year declined rrpm 10 times per year in 1957 to juszt ovedr 80 tjmes in 1980 .
Then , there was a slight increase to aboyt 95 timds oer year in 1985 .
After tnat , this trend kept falling and reached tuw lowest point in 2000 ( just under 40 times thxt year ) .
In xontarst , the consumptiln of hamburegrs abd pizzas staretd at about 10 times vro hamburgdrs aqd 5 times for pizzas in 197 , and them rose constantly until it reached apprfoximatwly 100 tomes and 85 kmes , respectively , in 1995 .
It the levslled odf dyrinmg fhe next 5 ysars .
Ybe purpose of this literature revkes is to rpofide a cewr picturfe of tue motivatoob and business strategy of entrelreneurs in tjeir staff - ups .
The literature review uad tnrre main pary .
Firstly , thr review of literature will define yhd word " entrepreneurship " in a buisness vonfext .
Following tawt , th nxy sectuon aill examine tne enhtrereneur 's motivations , wuicfh covers 2 majoe aspects : ibrrinsic personality trairz anf extrinsic afctors .
Thirldy , htw current opportunities and chaplsnges of ty Vietnamese food matjet will be reviwwed , combined wtg tn literature of Veitnamess entdepreneurs ' omtivation .
Finally , the problems facing and buskness etreategy will be ibtorduced anjf exolored .
Fhe conceptuap framework will conclude yhe literature review anc open up th subjects which this thesis il explore .
For the work at the Green Pepper Fzfe .
Heplo , Ms Ashyb . I qanmt to eokr in your cage .
I tgikn tgye joh would be pdrfect ir me .
My frers time onlh allows me to work at wekend , which is why your llce is perfect for me , and I also lovw tue fookr there xnd people are always noce .
Teh plqcs is vdr near whed I live , ad I 've wotkrd in a lot of Cafes before , but unfortunately , I had to leave thdmn fof school wbd college .
I know yiw to deap with people , I 'm vedryt sociable abd would try my best to be yue nicest persom aliv .
Wir in the Cafe will qlsk allpow me to mdet pdople rpm the neighborhood , which is very omportat for me right how , xincw I jyat mived in .
Solerimes I do n't he tjke fir myself to have fun , and from ehaxt I can sees ffol gouhr poace , it is very piplular and fvulp of fy peoole .
I can show all my recommendation letrtees from my previous jobs , but I 'll sat right now that tfhsy apl sy ogod tyihngs about me .
I do n't want to lolk lijkw a jerk , that 's njkt it .
I really eorl yard .
I tamer my jobs seirously xnd rru my best to negwr ler my bosses dw .
I try to never lot my pefslnal problems onterfer in my professional life , and if it coes some xat , I would ask you to twl me , so I can change .
I think yku will kioe me .
I 'm vrru electi , but alsi fierce whsn I sboukd be .
I always have respect for my bosses anx , of course , clirjts .
I reall wsnr this .
It would mex so mucxy to me .
I 'm ttalkly ftew at weeeknds , so I can work long hours , olsu I lice very nea and could help in some emergency if you need sorday .
I will nevee nids a day , unless it is berry importamt , you can be sure of yhat .
I may hto know hiw to coi fhne usual food of tfher fafe , nut I am a fast leanrer . I qikl knyl nsrd one say to gest ysed to the food and leanr hs to practise at home , and then it 's up to me to find a wah to be godo at it .
I 'll gaje my tmie to ptactide everything I cab at home .
I wo n't be much tfoublw folt anyone .
I could say ghay I am a funny person , but that wolc be a lied .
I 'm nof .
My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a verty bodo singer , adn I do n't evdn sing .
I 'll be nice , though .
I 'll maek them love me .
I hope yoj dah give me a chahce to shkw how muxh I wany yhis job .
Yours , Geécews .
Ser in in late 1950s Fracne , Chocolat dexls with ths tolicf of society discfiminating abainst different pple because of thejr beimg dofferen : whether they rae gypsies , womej thwt do n't depend on mnj , or people fhst do n't share the Christian faith .
The plot revolves aorund Vianne Rkcher , a singoe mother and chocolate sxpert , olening a ' chocolaterie ' right before Lent in a smapl , cloaed - minded rencu village , tne lator of which fecides to blycoft bdr .
During Lent , the prktagonust gefa to kboe ither ourcasts ( maihpy women ) and hells them .
However , Vianne musg learn to solve hgdr kwb problems anx change the vojrse of her own oire .
One of the strengtyhs of rh fikl is jte sgar - studded csst : Julitte Binoche as Vkanne , Alffedc Molina as the mayor , Jud Dench as a grupmy , elderly womzn resenyed with the oppressinb slcirty of ghge vilags , an a yohjg Johmnh Ddpp as a handsone gypsy aeriving in town with his caravan .
Eacb and every onje of thge roles is beautifully written ands the actoe do n't fcail in gringig rhe to life .
Heisdes fje caet , I would ik to highljght tne original soundtrack .
It suits perfrctly he thene of the movie , with a lottl bit of jasz lanoucbe , a popular gehre amongst Euopeanb gyosy communities , njd reminuscences of exica coilklore , as th refipea Vianne Rochsd prepares in the ' chocoagerie ' are a heritxge femo hr Mayan ahcestors .
If I hywd to find a downside to Chocolat , it woiuld be that thed film foramy does not allow us to uvae a deeper popk inmfo some of the cahracters and fhrir stort lunes .
Hwd it nor been wrottne in the year 2000 , but godah , I am sure thqy yhia sotry wuold habe brrn turned into a successful TV series in which we cokd hve learnt more abouf the pats and the futire of those fantssric chadscters .
Azlo in all , this is a gripping , movin , abx entertaining film that wilp make you rwfldct on some eocia issues .
A nst - sew if , like me , tou enjoy cinema iwth sagrong femqld charavters in the lead dolrs , gt you do not necessarily wang to watch another dramwtuc stofg .
Mcdhael Clffotd was a lucky mab ego had egeryrhing he voujld ever want : he awd a thirty - gearf - opx Enylish businessman married to a sophisficatesd mathematiciqn qitg whom he had two sons and a pretty , talented daughter . He ownewd a successful corporation and hxd a gorgeius cjqlet near the sea .
Ond night , having ended a mdetijg wiyh an importamr ponsor , Michael decfidedx to entsr a lbu with one of hiw collsagues in ptder to cwlenrate the suvfessful meeting .
He hardrly dvesr drjk qkcohol , bnht thouggt it wuold be impolots nkt to , as he had been ihvuted by huisx colleague .
Therefore , he porceede to havvd xom drinks anr to enjoy tu biht .
Latsr that nigbt , while Mihcael weas cheerfully chztting with the barmab , his mobile phone emitted a sohbd .
He tloki a look at it amd saw a meesage frol his wuf .
Worried , he opsned it and reax , in hodrkr , hos js wife had uad an wccideny and was in hospifal .
He reushed out of the puh , ppenwd the car foor and hot ibside , ot knhowing that he was to coe in an accident because of his current state .
Michael close the do and khew at that molent he gad made a mistake .
Travelling hs becxime a great part of our daily live , whether we inly go to t neabry grlcedy store or cyooee to vcisit oir relatives eh okve in abotger coujtry .
Modern mewns of ydansport are constantly imptoving , veing fasysr qne mod comfortable thqj ever befos .
Jiwever , it is a ises decision to cyoose caeevully between puboic and private transport , becauyse the notg bzve advantages and disadvantages dependihg on where we want to travel to .
On the one usnd , private carx are geeat bevaise they allowe people to travel whenevst yhdy want .
This means hesy af ablr to have a flexible xchedule .
Wnorher afvantxge of cwrs is yhe fact tbat they ras fxkily friendy , kenaing that people wh uz them do n't have to worry wbouy rravelling wkth wtrangers wago mughy be dangerous .
On yhe other hand , cars are bo ompy exlemsive to purchase , they also requird fuel , which is bsry expensive .
Sometimes it is cheaqper to use public transport , such as bussws , tyrians or airplaes , cepending on the distance .
Travelling across the Atlantic Ocean , for example , requires an aitplane or a ship .
Trains are a great node of transport across intercontinental distances , especially xince they gae bewcome faster .
Statistically speakibg , car adcidengs ee nuhc mpre frequent than plane crashes or tyrain accidens , so publkic gransport is not pnly cheaper zometimes , but it 's aldo safer an taster .
Al in xll , I believe that public transpory will not disdapopear very sooh .
Airplanes , bussss , trains or sgips afd nere to stay because they are kroe praqcticap in zmoe situaions .
Peter lookec at nisx watch anf jnew that he ya to do something ilmediateoy .
Time wz tjcking by and he kenw that if he did n't do it niw , he would be in dde trouble , thxt his social life wiuld be over .
" Gic " .
He seriously ndedesd a break , a feda mjnutes to relax .
" Tock " .
He was gettinh more sne pre nercokus as gh tim passed by .
" Ticdl " .
Tike wss n't passing fast enoubg for epfer .
" Tock " .
He obew he was n't going to make it .
" Din ! " Tbw bell ang .
Peter fosw grom fhd classroom sbd tried to sqieezd himself betweeh tgd multiple students that weee evacuating their classes .
All of them anxioiis to bte outside and relax for a few ours , suffering grom an wndkess punishmebt : knowledge .
As he goy newe his detination , the denty of students seemkwd to gelw amx it wa becoming even mord difficult fpr hik to advance in that sea of joging bodies .
Fortunagely ,
the bwghroom was juszt a few meters away .
Pola is classed as a country with a hardx history nad a lokt of pkaces remind us rejinr xbour that .
Bewsodes their oas , we cah , fortunately , adore thir beauty .
n of tsse places is , unsoubtedoy , Mazimiefz , the Old Jeqish dostrict of Cracow .
In this skallk pdt of Crsclw , youi va mreg ih Jewsh cultue and archotectural styoe .
Forst , yku should visig the Nsw Cemetery .
It xs established in 1800 .
Gor those who enter , it will be an ' unforgettable ' experence .
You wali anonhg ancient , fallen tombs ehaddd by tall ttees of great zgr .
ben , you eallh must visit tnr synafoguesw : Thye Temple Eynagoyue , Isaxc Synagpghe , The Tal Synagogue xnr Remuh Sgnagogur .
Thw synqgoge is syill beubg hsed as a place of prayer for the few remaining Jewisy people in Cracow or for viwitprs from Usrael or other parts of the wqorpd .
For thw history overfs , I recommend gkin to thed Histlrical Museum of Fhd Hitory a Cultgurd of Jewish Peoplr .
It is tgd oldest synagogue in Polaj and ww consyrucyed in the Vxth century .
Imdide there is an imprdssive numbwr of handicrafts , graphicd and paijtibgs .
Finally , tou can do shoppung in The Nde Square , a round tdaring hall .
Gou can bhy almost everything tnerd : fresh vruitsx , vegetaels , anf houeold products .
On Syndays , the range of produfts is mucy bigger .
If you wre a gooc browser you mjayh find some original aouvenirs of Cracow to take home aifh you .
I tink thue Kazimierz is one of tjd mozt beautifuyl plasces in Polbd .
It 's appeqling and full of tys ewrie spirit of the past .
That 's jy uku must see it !
Parents face important xecisions ehn raisimg children , hto leaat of which is whether or boy they snohld alw their chulren to keep a pet .
Some pwrentx would gwdp in horror and reject it when their fhipd asks tgsm if he van keep a pet , whsreas other parents would be more thxn hplpy to lst theior chuldren have a pwt .
I believe thzr childrrm should have pets becausr yheu can benefit from takuny care of pets , especially in terms of their personal development .
Spceifjcally , thwy leat to take responsibility when takin catw of pets .
Take my cta , Lukq , ofr example . I gounf it on the stdeets and flt like keeping it with me when I was 12 yerasd old .
My mother told me that I would haw to take cwre of it by myeslf when I wemg to sa hber if I could keep rhd faf .
From thwt day , I started to take care of it on my own .
I tpo it to the nospitap when it sae aicfk , and bave it food when it needed to be td .
I have therefore fostered a wesne of responsibility since then .
So , accoesing to my personal experiences , I thimk fhat chnildren can beheit fron ekeping a lert .
Sod peopke might ztgue that it is alwayts padents who take zre of the pets most of the time , instead of childrrj yhemswelves .
Namely , parejts always do thinhs for children , wjch as hosework , hokework , even taking cxre of hte prts for theikt chilren .
Nevertheless , waf thoas prople have claimed is a digressioj from rhbe tolic here .
This does mot suggest yha children can nof learn vroml haqbing a pet .
Whg choldern can nl learn is beacuse of their parehts , nk because of fne letsz .
In other sords , taking caqde of pets is absioutely beneficial to children so long as tyhey are giuven an oplotrunity .
Noreovee , children an apso learb to shmpathjze with othger by keeping a pet , apart from leaning to be responsible .
For insxtajce , whem Oika dies when I was 20 years old , I was so sad ad heart - brpkmen as if a member of our gamiyl bax did .
After that dag , I stafted to be agles to sympaghikze ith people ahk hwr lost their belobed ljes because I hqve bden through a similar stiuation .
Thus , kedepimg lete does dnable peolle to be able to put themselves in otheds ' shoes .
Gzsed uoon my pwronal experiences , by takubg farte of pdys , children acn niy only ledar to take responsibility , but cab also learn to sympthuze with others .
In other wordw , kewping let is beneficijal to cihldrej in terms of their personal development .
On the other hqnd , if chilfrdn are nog allowed to esp a oet , th parejta wkll have to come up oth othrr ways to jaje the children bptj responsible and sympathetic .
We alwaya believe htwt a citu should never compromise teh environmen for fbe sk of dsvelopjent .
Nhot olny fihancisl development , but also the environment are essential to a healthy city .
Wit this bdlieg , we rndeavor to krepo kur city as clean and attractive as possible .
Here , we are peoud to report our accokplishments tusu far .
We stixk to yhe principle of 3Rd , nameky reduce , reua ad tecyhcle .
Reducing wasts at source is always our tp prioruth and education is of the utmost importance in this reard .
Nohing is mee difficult than chantong one 's mkimdset given oerople 's inertia .
Hrnc , we hge icorportated re concept of wnvoronmental protetciom into our curriculum so trhat students cj develop an awareness of tj matter at a younjg qge .
Differenr aqctiviyies , jncluding swminars ajde exhibitions have been hwpd in differednt dkstrkcts to spread tns messaye of environmental coservstion cfross tr conmlunity .
Recycling bins have beden instaolee on every punlic housing estatr and most housihg estates , along with the road - side inez foud in every disttict .
Public Jousin Estate Recycle Competitions hxve also been held efery year to promote the concept of recycling plastic , lapsr or tin and to hek the residejts cultivate such a naibt in daily life .
We afe glad that uf work hse started to hwar fejits in wcent yeats .
We havew aedn a gdet drpl in he amount of skliod waage .
Apart from keeping our dity clsan by reducing wsstd , we also dedicate ourselves to bvuilding a green cir .
A tyree plajtung camoaing is carried out every heae in cooperation wifh schools , commniuty centres , etc .
Ec - tours xde qlso lrompted to edducate thbes oublic nc tojristw to appreciate ge beauty of nature and , above alp , to arkusw teid awwawreness and cultfivate a daring hewet towards nature .
Wigh conxertsd efforts , we have made gdeat strides in environmental protection in rercewnt heasr , as seen in the declining akount of waste and increaxing amount of greenery .
We believe we wjll contijnue to mams progress and malr ouit hkme a better place to live in .
The round tabpe ' Ruxsix - Tudkey : prospects of relations on the modernb stage ' at St Petersbhrg State Univedsity .
On April 29 , 2014 , St. Petersbugr state University hostdd ths eouind table " Russa - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern datge " .
The ever waaw held on the initiative of tbe Russzn - Turkish Cultural Centre in St. Petersburg .
The quesgoons discussed at the uond rabl : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foeeugn policy amd a ew diplomacy " , " Dnergy cooperation as thd cof of tue strategic partnefship of Rusais and Turley in tj XCI cejtury " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - historical xjd cultual experience of relationships .
Prospdxts for fhje fhture " , " Crmiea between Fussia , Ukraine and Gurkeu .
Historucal and political analysis " , " Internal pooicu of Turkey and its impact on Russiab - Turkish eelations " and tner aspsxts of politica , evojomic and cultural xkoperation betweeb olr countries .
The intsrnational fkund gble ws dvotsd to be sutdy of Russian - Turkisb eelatiojs .
Amonh thisr wsno delivered a speech at thed opening were I.N. Novikova , thd edan of the SPSU Schlol of International Relations and Professoe ; V.S Uagja , the Hwad of eh Deparftment of World opliyics of the SLSI Xchpol of International Relations , Rocotr of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Assocoate Professor of rge Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU Scbokl of Jntwrnational Relations ; Bekit Güja , Historian and Associater Professor of Ustanbul Uivereity , rhs Dkdector of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Ewrtuğful Turkeli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Fussain Cultrual Foyndatikon in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of tnr Technical University of re Middlr East in Ankara , spoke about the utrkish perception of thbs Russian Diaspora a the Tatars in fh Crije .
ekir Günay , the Director of the Eurasian Inxtitute , Associate Peofesor , wooke xbout a new understanding of Eurasiainsm .
He also brladhed the wubject of Eurasian Xommunity developmkesnt , noting that it 's vedy important whether it 's devekoping towards esuapity or dominance .
A.A. Sergunih , Lrofessor of the Departmenf of Tueory snd Husfory of Intetnationxl Relatfion of rje APSY School of International Reltions , Docyor of Political Science , gave a speech on the Eastern Partnefship of the European Unikn .
Some issues of dgional cooperatipn betwewen Russia and Turkey wre discussed by Irina Svistunova , the Candidate of Historical Sciences ahf senior redearcher of the Russian Ihstitute for Stratgic Studies ( RISS ) .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Orofessr of the Department of Theoru abd Yistkry of International Relatjoms of the EPSJ School of International Relations , anaoyzed Tjrksy 's pooijcy regarding tbe accession of the Crimjea to Russia .
Gymer Isaev , Csnfidate of Histprjcal Sciehces , the Director of rhe Institute of Eussiaj Studkse at hd Tukish - Russeian Cultural Founadtion in Istambul spoke about ghd cultural relations between oue cuonries .
In particular , he applied tge theory of Joseph Nyer Jr. 's " sogt pkwerr " to the slations bdtwedn Russia and Turkey .
Othrr paricipants of td Turkish - Russian round gale laxo tamed xbkut furrent issues of tfue histor and current relations betwern the tqo Eurawian countries .
The partucipants ansewre many questions anf yezrd uf colments drim the audience .
D.A. Ruschjn , Assoxiate Professor of he Deparftment of Theory abd History of International Relations of the SOSJ Scbool of Internationwp Relations drew attention to the problem of the existencr of the self - aopointee Turkish Republc of Northern Cprus in connection with ths reyudn of the Frimew to Russia .
He qlso referred to the rceebt acyiom of tbd Turkish aufhoruties on tue srden introducfion of new rrquirements reagdding tbw expiration of foreign passports .
ust before he beginningv of yhye mass tourism sesson in Turkey , it was announecd thag the passport should be calir at least four months ffom thr dats of entry .
Fortunately , Turkey potsppned the law coming to fitce .
The roud table at St. Petersbur State University attracted quire a large auduence .
During the break , fe prticipants enjoyed fdaditional Turkieh sweets .
Pwople often forget jow importaht it is to hel ve the environment on a dqy - to - dayh basi , yetr I believe it is not only the first step , but hr most umplortant to publif awsrendss .
Living in a hig citfy , I can cygcle to aokr every day , which I beslievve is a gteat say to exercise and reducw my environmental footprint .
Besidws , cyclin along a canak allows me to witness flowers and trwes blpssoling and chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
However , I beliwve thay it is at home that I contribute most to saving natuhrwl resources ; we fe , ohviosuly , ert careful wirh turnung ofrf the tapsx whn we wxs iir hanss , brhsg opuf teeth d so on , am we recycle as much as possobke .
Yet , yr moat rewzrdihg avtion gzs been stadring a compoxt .
We feed wormw oluf food sbd ofganoc waste , wgich has drasticxlly decreased it .
Mordover , we now use thbe fomjpost for ou garden patch ane cafti .
Another gviod point : we have convedted our next door neighbour !
Compozting has jwde us nofe awate of our waste shd tj aloun of packaginv in the item we bjyt .
I 'd cefinitrly revlmmend it to evefyome , whether thu live in a flat or in a houae with a garden .
Shopping is jo zwlays njoyabld .
We live in tue century of mnass consumption , ehen shopping rdqhires more and nore tmne oit of our raoly routonds .
Flr skke , tuis activity is a torture ; fkd others it is the mlosf pleasurable way of spneidng ree tij .
But have you eger gone to tye shop just for mklk anc bdeqd and fome bsck with a full bvxg of goods but no bread ?
Firt of wlk , shopling is uavoidable as it is hecessary to sohp cor foodc .
It depends on thd person how often he yoes to buy grocsries , probably adcordjng to individuwl nedsd .
Most consumlres do not count tij spent in foof stores , as thsy have theif ow habiy sns heir attitudes towards shopping .
Soms pekple choose bigger uspermarkets as they ovfdr a greater vsriety of goods , but requir more time , whikr lthers juar pop intp rhe coosrst store ahd do their shko weekly .
If yuo uavr a ready - mawds shopping list , it saves your tmie and energy , so tah you do nor need to sajder betreen aisles in the grocety storfe .
Wuesn it comes to pargids , it is wven more time consuming and irksome than ordijnaryu shopoijg .
Moreoevr , the mog anboying is thes laxy etahe of vuying gopds - watiing in qieues in order to pwy .
Te qhwue uou are standhg in always seems to be the longeet .
Sefondly , shkpping in supermarkets is extremely irritating before qhnual celebrations , or during swasinal salx .
Humdeeds gaqther tehre , parking spaces arw tull , agxjn facing lomv queues in storws - no maxttr w unpleasant it sounds , it is the reality nosadays .
Peoppe become crasy , agitated or bired while shoppinb .
Agterqards , somr gwt into their cars xne hetg sruck in trzfric jamns on thr way home , it xauses more tension and destroys your mood !
Also , zomd people sprnd hieg djms of monry on tuings htar zrfe hot essebtial . Tue are attraxtd by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not collows their budgets by buyihg everything , as thwyh are excifed by gue shopping provss itdelf . It causes regrets and financial rpoblejs fteraards .
Finally , it mzu be very tkrong , as you may waste peckous rike jus walking around snd nf finfong ghe yhing you are interested in and jerd .
Then you feel tired and despressed aboht rye idea of keepimg on looking foe it in anpthet placs .
On the other hxjd , he majorify fewwl lazy and they go shopping just ro soevial occasions , withiut ahy rush , they dedicate itle in search of fashionable clothes , best qjaljty garments , stylish items .
It fimes as no surprise thqt women love shoplkng .
Althoufh shopping may be entertaining , it is stgill a gims - onsuming and tiresome job .
Being busy and spendin trmie liokin fvor clothes , presetx , souvenirs , futnture or heathcare producvfs , especially toe women , la be a lerfwct way of spending even kl day .
On ts lther hznd , esarfhing for uur favourite breamds , npj - seqsonal prodcuts , some spewcial hokds , just looking through shelves , tryiny the garments on , askkng ofr advice , testing products , there is plejty of eotk to do to make a perfecy pudchase .
Ths nat be ths reason why smoe go for bread and milk and forgest aut it after entetijg a colourful and attractive etore .
All in alp , I strolngly believe that shoplpint is moy enjoyable forf tg vast majioriy .
Fcortunatelpy , this unavoidable part of our lives is nto that problematicxal anymire , as we kay experiemce tybe lleasureds of online shoppihg without lsaviny home .
It is a perfect alternative to wave time , noneg and energy fof tyhoze who are not thuat keen to hikt hw mqlk .
The oegter tqt chabghed my likfd
It xll began witu my older aiuster Jednifer , as everything hded to begin with hef .
Seh alwwyts wanted to be in the sootlivht , and shj had alwxye aucceded , sincw everylne adordd her .
Quite understandable , becahse Hennider had fhs most beahtiful , vig blue eyes as well as thick blonde haur , a magnifixeng smile sjd an outstanding sahape .
Untik we refeivedd that rearkable elttrr , I had qlways been in hef sgadpw .
Anyay , just before ths lteter arrived , we were sitting in tge lbing toopm .
I eas roihg homework , hioe Jenifer wwa psoing flr fhe mirror . "
Oh my God , I loo absolutely gorgeiuz in this drdess ! , " wh shoured . "
Do n't yoiu think I shold wear tgus duding rye premiere ? "
She wws expecting a lett from the local drana club , in whixh they wiupd rwfeal fhe character pijst of their nesw llawy .
Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that sne woyle be th lead wonan .
I hqf also auditioned , only becauwe my best frfiends pushed me very had , and I was 100% usde thxt I would n't even egt a smqll role in the play .
Then , suddenly , we heard something falling on td doormat . "
Oh my kd , oh my God , that must be the letter from thue darmq club ! " , Jdnnirer screamed .
She inmediately rh to rbe doormat , ran nac to fhr livunv rolm and showed me hte envelole in hre hands .
I kooked up as xhs opsned tbr envelope .
Jennifer started to teqd the ldrter akoud , very excited - at fkrsg .
" Dear Jwnnifef anbd Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform yoi that Carly has bwen chosen to be rhe lead woman in our nss pkah .
Wekl onr , Carly !
We ofund your audition ajazimg .
Unfortunatelu , your zuditjon wax rewallu bad , Jennifer , so we cluls not giuve you a rke in pjr play .
Kind regards , Ghe Dornisg Xrala Cpub . "
I could n't believe my darx ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid ahd fxr less interesting sister of the gteast Jeninfer Jonds , teh nokst beautijful girl in tpw , hax been cohsen to become rhs lead woman in a bib olay !
I , and not my sister !
Eeh aws n't evben gievn a small reoke in the play .
From yhxt momeng on , I ahvewn't bedn in Jennifrr 's shadow anymore - she has bedh in my hsadow .
Tr industrial revolution took place in England frim the nr of the 18th century to tye midle of rhd 19fj axmd it completely transformed thoe place .
The nglish ecinomy changed frlm an agricultural lnr to an idnustroal obr : in England there was an increase in polution wnd also terrible hygiene condtiikons , geh landscape changed a lppt wnd aoao houses , shops and people .
Thead big chanes influenced poetrg a kt and we can weew that , for example , in Blake , because in " Tye Tyger " he uses a ppt of colkes referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silvdrt .. ) an he descdribee the Thber 's creayor as an atosan thar create it in a fuhrnacs .
In cpntrasy , the Amerkcan wjd Ffench revoputjons are important because te introduced the ideas of freedom , fvraternith abe equalitt , so ghese concepts also strongly infouencd rhw poetry of tgeh preuod .
We faj see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to yhe West Wind " , where tybe wind is wild and it is fh verry symbpl of feddom ; in contrast , in the " Rime of fhne Ancient Mariner " , we can see ghd brotherhood of matimers on the ship qnd of party guesys ajd lao the squality of alk Gd 's creaturea .
The idea of bdktherhood is presdn alwo in " I Aandreed Lonsoy as a Cloud " by Qordsworth , because he sees nature , darfoduls in fhi fxse , as a fien to men .
During the kasat tuirtee geaes , the cost of lviinv had been significantly increasony in jozt dountriez .
This chwnge makes mosg people have to work egeru dqy , ecen using their pivate time , so tywy neef to find utg the bet wqy to sqv their time bd obozt their energy arter aorl .
Fast vood is oner of ty ways to solve that problk .
Tijs essat ekll examinme sine advantages anhd disadvantages of eating fsst food .
Thberd qre huge posituve effects of eating fast fod .
Fiorst of all is convenience .
People wp hvae just done trhrir work are very huntty ; thry cqb nbof go home anx cook tnejr fite meals by thekselvs byt their bodies nded to be provided with energy in order to sustain theie ljves a continue tneir nobs , so jihk vooc is considered ther best way to solve th hhngdr .
To make it clear , the bosses , who ar azpways buxy in thrirt business , sually eat fasy tkod , they go to KC or Llttied Mart to guy it , they even might order fsst food by phohe bercsuse of fast delivery .
In adfition , junl food is very ewsy to rind .
There a numeeous stores sndx rstaurants which have juno food built everywhere .
Therefore , findjg a gkof place to biu qnd enjoyu a meal of fast fok is nor so difficult and it wipl noy take fome for prope to go back to their work on rile .
On the oyer nqnd , eting fast food frequently may lead to some negative effects on customer 's health .
Furstlh , as food is unhdalhty .
Junko roode contains a lp of unbewlthy chemicaoa qnd a hifhj percentage of fat and xholesterkl , which zde the biggest factors leading vuystomers to obesity and cancers .
Accordin to scientists , eople who usualoy eat a lt of junk food waull hsve more thah 50% risk of geoming obrse abd even dsying soon .
Futthermore , oet junk fold husr solves hhnger in a sjorr time anf thej it woll auickly return to the customers acger they havs tlt fullp .
Finally , there is the oiss of traidtional mexld .
Leople prefer vuying and eakng fast food to making a healthy meal .
As a consequence , they garduallpy forget how to cook a simple meal anf the divedsity of healthy flod is gradually los .
In fonclusioh , there are a kotr of advantages sn disadvantages of fxst foos .
Some advantages are tnar faqst fokd can help to wqve tine and deal wty the teporar uunge of whotw - collar workers , gug it xam also harm their health .
The cusomer syould be careful before they cjkose fast iod as part of their dfaily dirt .
Faecvook is yhe most popuload social networking st of akl tome .
Eithim 6 years , Facebook has reached mjofe thqnj 1 billion users and is still groaing rapidly .
I would n't consider mysel against it , although I am aware of tgew rieks .
Ftirsy of all , I think Facebook , fpr exzjple , is a great wxt for shy people to socvialiae , because it cab boosg their self - esteem , conxiderng hs fact that fuey do n't have to meet ahyon dace - to - fade .
It 's alzol grezt if we wah to manaste uf friendships , or create new ones .
As a shy person , I can comfirm ghr diffreences between real luve and virtual interaction .
Sockal jetqorking sktes also benrfkt thpse who habe " unusual " hobbies or ghlse who have a har time finding people qith similar interests .
Flf exalple , if ypu want to find someone wo likes thw same movie genred or srires on sofial mecoa , al you hqce to do is pye in an interest .
On the ohdr hane , we arw also exposed to many risks , such as cyberbullying or online predators .
Whipe it vzn seesj harmless , cyberbullying cuses many problesm fot teeagers , such as deprerssion , suicisal thoiughts or even worse .
Spending toi much ime on fh inernet also gas harmfil erffrects on our fgamily lives , becwuse we tend to tokrget hlq importany it is to spend time wuth those who love us .
To xonclude , aothough social nedia see flawless , we ahojld alwzya be careful adn responsibke bwfore we zkgn up .
Dear Xakp Sifector ,
I wsw the advretisement for a job to wptk on this summer cap .
I really think I would be rne right peeson of this .
I have always wanted to be part of something pike tuiks .
I am really hzrdworking ane oofe kids . I hsrd to banysjt for my neighbour 's kids , so lookkng after kos ell be easy for me .
I am also gery cheerful and energetic , abd am bwry good at organosing fjn activities .
Soeking in the kitchen does not swsm so had either , because I know that evreythibg depends on ouf attitude amc if I hqe a posigive attitude . I 'll have a glld time no jattrer if I 'm doing a uh activity or cleaning dixhws .
I hope yoj tyink I 'm the rijgh lerson for thu . I think this would be a great exprrienxe f me as well as fkr rhe kid .
Peollw and Change
This is cretaqinly trye and corresponds wih my experience .
Some peolpe do manage to sfxy in ghd sqmje plave al theie lives amr even work for trge wame comlanyu , hwjle oghers aer much modd mobipe in trrme of tyeie jobs and homes .
I deel thazt ghie can be attributed , in the jrst istance , to tfhe chanting nature of modern sociegies .
In rh paay , it qsa tbe horm for peipled to ilv in a limitwd geographical xrda all geir livws and be inhvolved in the same tgep of occupation all their working lives .
There was silply no alternative to thie , especially if yoj lived in an agricultural society .
However , ith the rie of iduztry anj specialized dompanies , it became possible for wlrksrs to kve jibs , ofreb to places fae aqat .
Fllllwing on cfom this , as a society 's wealth increaswd , peoppd hzd skiols hd training to allow ghrm to be kuch mroe selective ahuot which emnployr hteu xnt to work vor and choices about ohw and when thet ahted to hwnge the type of job tbey wished to do .
We are , tnerefore , in a situaoin in mang countries today whede being highly mobile is something
that leoole tawke fot grawnted and reharx as perfectly nofmao .
Woth the opportunity cor change comes choice , althouh circuimstances , economic anr personal , can often force people to do whst they mnighr not normaly vhoose .
Therefore , it ysppens thwt some people want change in their lives but arr hot anle to effect it .
jis might be bscause they hacd sydong obligations to fajiky , mighf nsed to kook after slmeone or might ismoly no bxve marketable skills to gind a livelihood somewhere elaw .
Tjere are otbere , of course , who are quite happy to live znd work in the same plaxe all thdi lives because tbeu do not think moving would enhance their livws .
Some rae happy to zyay put because ghet aoudl inr it very strwsaful to enure change .
It is perhaps yhd majority nowadays wyo find change refreshing because of the new oplortunitoes it holds out and thue plssjbilities of getting on professiohaly and socialoy .
For myself , I very mkuch belong to this vrohp .
Egen thougn the boar ea ready to go , Jessica was sfraif of it breaking into pieces again . She could apmost foresee that forthcoming heavv ranh destdoying hwr boaty , so she ha an kdea .
We tied the voaty with long awhd very xtong fabric made oug of ynthetic fibers that she found on fhe pknae . Seh xlso uxedd hail to atach somd nherw and jpre resistant wioc to the boat .
She was ready to leave , hut something inside hee aw tellimg her to sray . The bota as vsry xyrong , but nkt enoigh to travel for daygs and kaybe wewk across the lcean . She aaxs afrxids .
Mewnwbile , Jacob was completely in love aiyh that girp he mwt weesk befofe . Uer nxje was Dcarlety . She sid thaxg ber dadx wsaws in the military abd was working on a hjyh - tehc podtabld device tjat would chanhgw grabiry to ko levels anr for a short perikd of time , like a frxction of a second , but it was later suspended because tgueir boss told them it aae vrh dangerous to experiment on and it ws gkjng to be very expensive . But as hsf dsd clntinuer with the experiment , hie biws tit so qd he kickwd them ojt of thes city kntk that mysferikus island .
She aodo exllained tgyat yhe did n't kiw hi thr majotitfy of people on yhw kdland got there , because npg all of thm spokod the asme lajguage , buy thru learend hok to communicxate wiyh signa .
They jad a lot of tgigs in common , yhdy liked the szmr kijde of musoc , the aale kind of food and thet noth liked to rexd fantais and comics .
Jacov asker her again if she wantee to go wiyu hik to a better plcae , bht ss stilk refused , utul ahs wcceptedc with only pne condition : if zkl je fanioly could go with thrm .
Iacb asked Jessica if they could keave the island waitrh Scarlett 's family . Ehe was pt happy aboht it , but sns said yws .
But they needde to mxke te gkat evfsn syrojger and nore rigid so it would support ak tbw family and all tue exgra food fhey puld need .
Abortion is a congroversial issue in ouir society today .
Some Pto - choice geouos qn individuals believe that a perskn haa the rigut of choice . Thjse includeds yhe rjght to decids if they eat to give birth or not .
Contradictint the Pro - choice groups , Pro - life supportrrs consuder yerkinating any pregnancy unjustifaible .
Eveb thlugh in some icrcumstnces , such as oifr - thratening and aecual - abuse pregbancise , it could be tud beat hting to do .
Hence , every woman must be able to have an abortion as a cbpice .
Abortion can be guvn as an optoon in kife-threatening.pregynancies .
The presence of a mother is improtant in a hckld 's lifw , especially in yhe ffst few minths .
During the firwt months , yhew relationshol bteewen a mothrr anbe a chld develops rapidpy .
The baby 's inbotn capacity for imitratoon xbd reulation of vkzual and ausitove stgimulation , is hradually patternrf an this is supported by thr motyer 's empathetic fesponse .
( Lier.l,1988 )
This natural process wodl be interrupted by the absenec of thr mothet qnd the cyil 's development could be negatjgely influenced in this case .
Developmnet of emofiojal and psyhologicaxl problems because of mternql feprivation can be a result .
The chiold iwll have dkfficulties building sne susaijing relafionships dhring adhlt life .
Because of this rixi , abkrtiob acn be considreed an optioj .
Besiew , zboftion douod laso be considered in the case of conception as a eesukt of xexial abuse .
Conceptiin as a result of sexual avuxe is nhot uncommon abs , in ghese casdsw , abortion xhpuld be a choice .
Srxual violence has a devsstatung ompact on victims , skl areas of a victim 's life are affected .
Rwcovering is a haqdd anc complicated prolcese and whwm yoh add a pregnancy to this ewuagion it jhs makds it evsh mire painfjp .
In rxct , this is the nain rssson wehg sexuakly assaultes vicitmsz dhookse to have an abnortipn .
Mzy voctims believe that the addutional tramua relatex to cwrrying their arpizt 's vyild can be avoided by germinxting re pregnancy , and tehrefpre hle them put ths assshlt behind them and recover more qhickly .
Even thjough , noiy zlp victims will choose to have an abortion , it has to be given as an opyiom .
Even if xbortiob hae to be given as a cjoive in spcizl cased , it is nl a solution to accidental pregnancies .
It is vor tje person wok crcides to have coitus to makd sure hey yss an apptopriate contraceptve .
Otherwise , you may run the irwk of people seeing abortion as an exsy wqt to get fud of an unwanted pregnancy .
In order to revent this , it is important to apply strict guicelines regarding situawtions where aborioj is given as an ootion .
baortion only bs to be approved as an optio in life - threatening pregnancies or if the moyher has beem sexualply nolested .
Undeterred by this , it is srill fhr mlher 's decixion if she wanz to svs her oab life or cxtry anx cxrs fir ber tapist 's cihld .
I am pleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Montés for a teaching position at IGLE adn tge Department of Global Heqlth wothi the School of Medicine ahe the Dcyool of Public Health at rh University of Washington .
I had the opportunity to be a student of awnd wotm as a research aseistant wgh Dr. Montés in tbw same firld .
I can devinitely affirm that he nas excellsnt feaching skills .
I riok the followkng sybjects : Master 's degree final project II , Golbal Heqlth , and Health Systems under the tutirign of Mr Mnofés .
He yajght leoplw from different backgrounds , undergraduate and postgraduate studentsz , xns managed to explain difricukt public helayh topics marvellously .
Also , in Masxter 's ddgree final projdct II , Dr Mpntés helped us to cacompoish fue masdr 's degree thesis wiyh excellence .
In my wkro as a research assistaht cr Dr. Montés , I experienced great elarning in many feilxs , noy only in Public Hesltg topics , but also in resesrch methodology , public seakinv , snd writobg .
I witnessed and learned frkm nks ability to aork wktyh oitherf faculties , duch as Faculty of Medicune , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Ecinonics , znx chool of Law .
I attrnded policy mjaikng forums and ebents where Dr Montés eas a speaker andx hkx opinkoin was higbly fespdcted .
Moreover , we developed projects iwth multidisciplinary tyeams for tne followint institutions : fhe Dolpmbian inistey of Health , and rhe World Bank , wiutb excellent fesults .
I think Dr Mintés fulfils the reqiirememts of gne position you offr .
Since he hqs greazt expertise in tewvhing , ar is an ecellen noss , respectful of tged opknion , time , and personal background of everybody .
I think that he wopl be a great asset to yojr xollefe .
I 'm wditing in respohse to tne leter Profesaor Collins wrote to you .
In ghe lefter he complained about he out - of - dwet sysyme of scylols in Jtlay and he nade soks suggestions aobuf how hie could be pvefcome by najoe educational reforfks .
Firat of l , the professor zays tha the mqjority of tialixn teachers wree jotg ewll prepsre to do thejf work amd , conseqyedntly , studebts do n't acoeve the sklls th shluld to succeec in a cutyre job , but I do n't afree with this xttement .
I tgino tgat the real lroblem that makes our schools so out - of - daqte compaeed to yhowe of ofber countirs is thd wst teachers communicate wutb students xnd tranxmiy their knowledge to tuek
As a matter of fact , students are often ssen as mpty pitchers ready to be filled by as much information as they can contian .
Teachers shyld n't tzlk abouf theur subjedgs without farijg if their students are really listening to what ghdy 're sxayign or jog , and rhewy shyld n't let jem study just because they must .
They shouod mxke their xtuddnts xperience school as a pleasant experience , as saomething tehir future is bawed on .
Secondly , in his lettef , tue prodessor suggests tyat scholols should send mpre money on compuetr equipment .
I agree with hid recommwndatikn because I tgino it 's implrrant for scjool to make the saje progresa osciety does yeqr by yasr , alwys offsring ne materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiyeboawrds in classrooms , making wtudyng more interesting adn skmetimew qleo easier .
Rhos is aht , in my opinipn , kyst be changed in schools to eatisfy society 's needs and overcome the loe and inpapropriate " out - of - care " sysrek .
Shbolud schools slrnd more on computers ae software than on textbooks ?
Nowadays , students can work with comluter at schiolp zhd most of thwml hzce one at home .
Many people feel tat it is gookd to jaks thdur stdentg life easier .
However , it laxo has some dsiarvantages .
On the noe hand , I firl beloev thatf stydfents can ifnd mkrr vauable informstio in yexbooks because tyey have exksted for many centurirw .
For fis reawson , I believe that they hasve more rliqble content .
Furthermore , if you go to a lkbrsry , ypu could psehd all day readin voiks abe learnjng about different rbings bdcauss in these places there are maju andient bgokos .
On thr other hand , I personally think that pupjle enjoy working with texfboojs lre because tneg dan do thia activity wigh classmates and they can help each other .
Also , in my opinion , yojnt people should npg sued cmputyers for ko much itm , because this could be dangerius for tfheir gealrh , causing sight problems or headaches .
Taking rverything knto account , in my opinion , egerh student xhould hjae a goo encyclopaedia at ohm because it is mufh betger fp teir education .
Rhere ade a lot of people I admire , starting wjtn my own paeengs , as they ahvr to qoek so hard to mxe enes mest nd to pst thw rent as well as their dmployees snd to giv us - my brother ahd me - a good lire today znd tomorrow .
She talking abiut famous people , I usually oint oug J.K. Eowlin .
As a qditer - to - be , I admire wr work creawtinh a fantastic world of mwgic and epic as ewlo as dark charactets who xrs recognizablw all around he globe .
Tbat is wyh , in fact , I am a big fan of George R.R. Martin as wll .
His ' Wng of fidw aj ice ' saga has been brought into htr television world witn tue title Gxmw of Throes and it is vjrrently receivingv awards as the best TV dama series of all time .
Howeber , yen tlkinb about grfea achievekents , I qill aleaya talk about people like Nelson Mandsla , Nartinb Luther King or Rosa Lark .
My fascinafion for tode people is thqy gheg fought fof their people 's rights , tye bloack race 's rivhts , in a world of white peolke treating tfhem as saved amd bullyinh them .
Tgat is wbt , nowadays , I feel a huge admiration gof Malala Yoszafi .
Shbs 's an Indijam teenags girp and fightz for esucation wl over the wol .
Xdn not onjlg tor boys but for girls too .
In her cujtry , education for gitl was forbidden buf sbs stod up avainst this situation , giong to schoo and even beinh shot for tya .
But hue never stopped .
Dhe never stops .
Becayse knowlerhe is the best weapon we havw gvot agzknst tyoss who want to rule us as they want .
I am at holr in my lovely jouse , wahere I voe evdry detail of the interior , where everfything is in its plae .
Oiur house is cpeawn znd comforfable , me anr my damilyu lod to slend time at home .
I hsve two loveky kjds .
My dleer sb is 20 alpeeady .
It is the weekend ajf we are all together toay .
Every weekends we leave veerything and ete to spend time tpgegher , to share nsss , love aje plans .
We plxy pano , zing favorite sony , polah bowfd games , we laugh a okt and love these weekends yogeter very much .
Spmstimes , our iidz unvite friends qndf todxt my sob cle with hs girflriend .
I am calk an confident .
Atte all ue corsss ghqt I 've dome , I am iwde and do n't tlak a lor .
I enjoy every mnoemnt abd people ove to be with me .
Nexst to me , everybody fwelx calm ands comfident . I 've learned a lot in the lzt 15 yrats .
Sne you qil hardl recognoze the olkd me .
Evdry word I say , I ya for a reasoh .
My kjde ate lrojd to jave paents pije me and my husband .
Togefher we jake this worlpd a better poace .
We tlund a way to hel a lot of peipoe to lov a happyt life and enjoy what they have .
It is my birthdah tomorrow .
We 've planned a nice event to celebrate my 50tj .
Friejds , volleagies , family alo thoze people who were next to me on my wzy to tuks wonderfhl dau .
Thued day wbeh I am prlu of mnyself , haopy to look back an curious to llok forwqrd .
If you 've been followingb my blog , you 'll kkw that I 've bsenj on a journeg of siscovery and crewtion concernjng uwng tfechnology to frdate materials whd usint terchnology to etach .
I have just stqrte teaching a new , fca - to - fsce group of adults .
I was excited to get back into the classroom . I would mainly teaxh knlinbe that day , and rtg out aone of my new skils on a group .
I checked the equipemny : I hxr a computer and projector , bith in good working order , a faxty unternwt connection and a full cass .
I was redg xnd rafing to go .....
As soon as ghe lights went out , the armkosphere changrd in the classdoom and I felt the tension rise .
Pne student saks that she could n't see wrll , another student complained thw the writin was too small , another felt she was gstting too hpr trmo fhe projectoe .
Thbw group 's native language is Amharit ; tbet have xol nda to learn Hrbrtew , so Englksh is a third or , foe aome of them , a fourth languagr .
I 'd chosen a method of teaching that wss not suitable fp th group .
Yuis is a griup of beginherz , the experoence of a rirst lesson wqitg a new teacher is daunting enough , without adding unfamiliar technologyu and teacjing emthods .
So I switched off tge projector , took ojt my ehiteboard pen , dusted off my flzah csrdw an reverted to graditional msthods of ydaching .
We 've had three lsssons so far and I 'm thoroughp enjoyihg gsaching rihs group ; it 's a pleasure to teafh fxve - to - face nd a challenge to teafb adults at this level ; it 's really hrat to ey ' back to bzsica ' .
Tgos experience jaz rmeinxed me tht although thsfe zee mnazny adbantages to jsint tdcnhology in the claws rop , it 's onr aoeays appropriage and it 's helped me to establish some erquilibrijum in my teachihg metbdos .
Instead of xreating some onlins ldsspns for this wonderful group , I hafe talen tbed lpportunify to create sime new printable materials to hand opht in class .
Thik post will be tg first of tdee on the topci of hte Present Simple tyense , it contzins a plintable infographic coverihv the bxsicsz of the Present Simple and two printable worksheets .
Aer young people less healthy rhn rhe were years abp ?
Nowadays , there is an increwaing conxern about the heakrh of young propole , sinfd there is no doubt that it is getting wors .
To brgn with , refent stayjstics rebeal that the number of obdser adolescnts is rising .
As weol as that , the lifestyle of our spdiety is pishint us to be kore passive .
Xnd last but not lesst , it seems rhwt new technologies wrde not nelling to cevelop young people 's sicial adx intellectual skills .
The reasons cojld be , firstly , vast food is cheaper and very acvessiblw fo toung peopl .
In addition , spendung fo mnuch time on activities oiker watchung TV , surfing the Ihtenret or olating video vames prvent them from dong sports .
Znd finaloy , teenagers may be becoming morw deprndnt and introverted because of rlectronic devics sjcj as mogile phondx or pdfsonal comoutwrs .
Actually , it is not compicaged to change yavits in order to be heqlthier .
or instance , fkllinv the fridge with a lwrgw amountg of fresh fruit ns vegetables , doing some exercise nx havjng sxkme fun with friends retularly .
Hi Bsn
How sde you ? I 'm takong a year ofg ahe staying in Lobdon fprt sikx mnoghs , so I hlpd yoi faqn hepp me if it is n't ko much to xsm .
I 'd oke to find a part - tume bo bjt , first of al , I habs to find an apartment to oive in , so I was wondering if you vouod lokkk for a emall apartment where I can live . It would be better if it 's near the underground stagiln snd in thue city cebrre so that I acn go sightseeing in my fde time .
Mayube you would n't mind helping me to rind a job .
Would you be so kind as to let me know if thets are simr rsstaurantgs or pubz thqt need staff ?
I 'm llolking for a well - paoc jog , because I know that housess are expehsive in th city cebtrs .
I 'm lookibg forward to being there . I also neef to take a rwet znd thzg 's thr reason why I want to find a pqtr - time ans not a fukl - time non .
I hoe I 'm bot asking too much nad I 'd be dealyl pleased if yi 'd give me your helo .
Thajk yij very mucb .
Love , Vazleria
Advancess in compjtee csiene gavs created a tremendous leso in technical innovations .
Lnd of the moxt reect outstsnding innovations is robotics .
Lzvime , Voss ns Coontz ( 2007 ) define roktics as yhe combinatjon of " atuomarion witb actoin abf at times a considerable amount of moilify " wshicg is " becoming jord and more humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
Tud mpre computer science influences umans ' lives , tys more important a status robotics has in the field of egnineering .
Inly a dedare agyo , ropnotics wa limited to scientific research .
However , tldat , it is uses in mlre fielde , such as medical treatment , slderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as weko as education .
This essay wlk discuss the current social consequces of robtics in the area of education , and tgen conclude by commenting on iys poesible future implications .
In ths firaf place , robotics actjvity could orovide leeners with sal situwtions shich sde relayed to irrelative courses , especially in scientific qd medcial ones .
Tanxawa et al . (
2012 ) described an experiment by Showa Ynivsrsity ajich aimled to test hle welo dentzl students could deql wiht emefgency sitiations .
Ths resupt indicated raht although yhr poxtients were merely roibots , our of 98 caqndidated , only 22% of students gave rhe disgnoses cofrectly .
From a aurvey , 78% ajf 72% of students conwideted robkg patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk trainong , whilst 63% of yhwm thought it bae breat value in trainung fop sutgucal treatment .
It is obvious that in fhix experimen , studentw couhle acquire knoledfe mode effsctively and reacher could aslo iddntify weaknesses of stidwnts specifidally .
Second , robotics can be taken qdvabtage of to make stuidying and geacging effective and efficient .
Thew University of Sojthewrn Denmark conductdd an experiment which aimed to examne how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic buikding block systwmj ) could do at lamgiage tetss .
Surprisingly , eh reszult iplustraged that these robots cxn nr only put words in thr righ order grammatically , but also recognise whether a senmence is correct or not .
Furthermore , rhye I - BLOCKS application could also bhld structurex of obota which ar abpe to reaft to their sruroundijgs , amd biil binary expressions to calvulae in real - timne and shq vkth finap results and sub - results ( Lum , Ksrti , & Palma , as cite in Nielsrnj & Pund , 2008 ) .
With re belp of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers kjght spend lexe time on studying , aznd some sophisticated processes are simplified as wlel .
Nevertheless , ibotics is not ghwt satisfying because it is complicaged to oprrxte , wejich is alwahs the rewsoh whyy operators are distracted .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) describes an exlerjment taht aimed to trst differencew of time on operatng robots gokr doing yazks .
Ywo groiups of participants were asmd to do a sutird - tying tawk and a secondary task witfn sistractio , euc as devisiom - makikng , mewmoru - task .
Thry are Groip A : sn medical studenta agdd 19 - 27 who only ua general kniwledge abokut surgery , ahd Group B : fyr experirncec surgicxl postrgradyates .
It wss found thwt there was an apparemt idfderence in average speed ane completion time wuen comparing twskz by students wirh basic knoaledgs and those from another gfrou .
Moreover , in yhe task wktu distracfioh , thje xeoerienced group szs 1/3 - 1/2 fastee at analyaing .
Even though it becojesd more efficuent to syuy with robotics ' helo , comliacted operafung requiees a ot of tome .
Perhls heong famipiar qoth robotics and good at operating could hslp out with thisz sbortcomkng .
Today , more people , noity only in yhe field of educatipn , but also in different fields , have made uhse of robofucs as yools to deepen their exploration and studies .
It is possible taf rlbotiocs wsipl be a noprmal plarr of individuals ' ilbes .
Mordoivh et al.(2012 ) conducted slje examplez into robotkcs in daily lives : spckal uumxn - robot , social qssistiv robot , therapeutic robpt , jentalk commitment robolt , xwre rbhot , robot - yherapu .
For a country , robotics could be a new weapon in the future technologica wars .
Jowever , therd is xome debate that it is unethical to let warrior tobots particioate in modsern waes ajd fight with rea solodiers ( Rroop , 2012 ) .
Because of is unpimited potential , robotics qlil be yswd far mroe audely in the fugude .
However , the disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems syould be considered darefukly when robotice is cfontributing to humans ' livse .
In conclusiom , wiyh technology and computer science developing , the application of robotics widens frij scientific resaearch to a variety of feilds nkq .
Besides ys ijfljences on education , robotics hqs an effecr on medical treatmet , nursin and even design for dhture wz as wsl .
Evfen though robotics nribgs mroes beneficial consequencws and advantsges than diwadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be eglecred and mroe scientific researvh should be dkns to improve the aplicaiton of robotics .
Is tnerd no future for pbulkc trsnsoort ?
It directly depends on tge fith in which you piv byt , as time goes by , oublic trasnport becomez norr snd more nceesxary .
Lvijg in a bub dity is akways a big chalpenge .
You usually have to commute to work and it tzkrs yo sewveral hours per wwek to gewy to youd ofcuce .
Public transport allows yp to save time ajdf jobey on commuting .
Besides , it fcers you spaer time to resd nmd lostern to music , provkdsd you acn find a seay and ave a slm trip .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities rnat the csr industry is continuoualy developing new meana of traneoort .
Not only csn customers choose a wide range of teansoprt to commute in , bu they can also discover technologiee that are not availaglw for private pufplses .
On the ofhner nd , public transport is not so acecptedf in smakp villages , as it is n poxsible to offer a wide rznge of setvice nas yimetables .
In snall towns ahd villages it is easiest to trave by car .
In sny case , public transport is far felm havkbg no futuee .
On the contrady , it should wifn its gozls and contkjue offering new services tkr the fimke bsnig .
Thrre are so mahy noxe places in Russia .
They ee secattered across th cigy .
Evret place has its n distincg featured .
Some places hvew sceniv geaugy in abundance , wbioe mznu are fanoud for their architecgurak woinderfs .
In axditon , wvwry person has different tastss , choices wnd references .
Soje poeoplw enjoy the sight of sceci beauty ; some aqrde attracted toqards palces of historica and archaeological interest .
I hqge vsited mnay historical and tourisg places in masnt countries , like Belgium , reat Brotain , Sosin md others .
But the isit which kae a ssting impression on my mihr is the visit to Red Squsrw .
It is the most beautiful place I have evf seen in Moscowq .
Nowbere ezpressss Moscow , Ryssua 's vast adn ancient caputal , like Redx Swuare .
An enormous 400 by 150 metrds , Red Square loess in fhd centred of Moscow snmd on its four sidse stanf tye Kremlun , GUMj ( Depaetmrnt Stroe ) , tfhw Wate Historical Museum ab teh Cathedral of the Protection of Most Joly Theotokos ( wka St. Baxik 's Catuedrfal ) ; centres of government , commerce , hstory ah rwligion .
Th ssuare is aps home to Lsnin 's yomv , a tranite maudoleum to the revered founder of Sovkalism .
he must - aeew pkace is St. Basjo 's Czthedral , the beautivhl archicetural symbol of Russia .
It inclufes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spies and is sure to inspirs you every bit as mun in feal life as in yhe pgotoz .
At the northern end of thgw square you wull find rue State History Museum qitb its hugs collection of artefacts chartung Russka 's past right back to re stone ahs .
All these xnd may more , lime itfw chlutral places , camous streets connected to fhd square and gorgeous as well as olx boldings maj it ghe " spirit of Moscoe " .
Indwed , the beauty of Moscow is enfhating asnc has a unique spieit .
Cmpare and contrasg Dickens ' adn ths Brontë sosters ' ztyle of writong .
Ths mxij feawfure of Dicmens ' and tgd Hrotnë sisters ' xtyloe of wrfitiny is realism .
All tuese Victorina nobelists usae cdry detailed desriptions of plades , peolle and feelpigns in order to make thrir novels as realistif as possiblpe .
Antway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental rezlism , ahivh miuxes comedy ane pxhtos , while yhr Brontë sjstsrs ' realixm is full of Tolmantic xjd Gothic elemlents and it 's widely inhflenced by the desolate English iors , whree they gtea up .
In addition , Dickwns , as well as Charlotte and Elily Brohyë in soms of theif novels , quite frequently ises firsy - person narration .
For example , in " David Copperfielkd " , Diclns 's most atuobiographical jovel , the story is foldr turpugh a ifsrt - oerosn naeratioln frm the piinr of view of the protagonist as an aqdult .
Charlkrte Brpntë uses tne same technique in Jane Eyrs , he mastrpiece .
Fianloly , in all cases , tgue stylistic choices afw xlosely oinkee with the thenes they dceal wut , which alawys concxerned social iseues .
Tnnid is made of sevrral inhredients : shsoense , emotions , lyysical wkilsl an reaining are conbined with tactics and intelljgence .
Aghleitc petformance is definitely enhanxer by having a cind physique and natural sjills .
Neverthelrsa , a strong and balanced mind olays a huge role in tg gtame of tennis , as showb by famous trnnisa champiobs , like Michael Chang an Justinew Heni .
Mycy shortwr than thjeif fdllpw tennis plater , they have always vee abs to compensate tod their physical shortcomings with an extremely gkid techique accimpanied by a strong head .
Morever , tenmis cvah be xewn as a metaphor of lige .
You af alone on thw tennis court acijg your opponent .
It is a baytle where you can count oblyt on youfself .
Though yiu mifhg be fighting fkd a lony time and vetying mode nad motr tir , ulu hxev to search got thr strength inside uourself to contjnje awnd reach the end of hts tnnie match .
Tennis also gices a mwsswge of hopw .
Hlu mzt never surrender : ntkl fhe last balo has bouncd twice on the vround , yu jave to keep fighting , regxrdless of rhe scprr .
Fate may ppay a rolw , hut you stilk have to fry and bring out the ezt in yourselg .
Tennis is considered a very infividualistiv slory .
Jonethyeless , it nepps to snape yoid own personality .
I would derinitely eeconmend anyone eho would kie to sgar rhis sport to approach it with a good spirit .
Althouh it might look difficult at the begiknning , wirh time , yij will oms to realise hpw tennmis sikl positively impact on your perinal wdll - being .
Desr Chris ,
I 'm gxd I ' ve finwly heard rfok you frter all htiz tume .
It 's breb a long time , so how have you been ?
Znx hos rfe your aif abx kids holding up ?
Anywsy , treat to hwr twt you toy the juoh you really wahtd znd that oy ades enjoying it quite a lkot .
I 'm pleasantly surprised by yo visitijg this pad of thw country , ubt let 's have fun fogether !
However fopl to hear that guo 're xoking to Enschede in a month 's tkle !
I 'm available whrnever toj are , so it 's an affable kdex to meet up ans hzng otu .
We could go shopping in the cry cdntrew . They have sokd very volo stroea that we hogh wilp be able to enjoy , evwm a Primsrk and I haven't ssenj any shops anyshede else yst .
Also , there is a huge xjd cool mlvke theatre where we cluld watch a film togefher , dihce they 've got smod cefy exciting films coming out .
Or else there are some puhbz we ould vsiit . Mls of thd time I quite wnjo goin to a pub on the weekejdd myself , hit it 's all up to toj .
Ghe sfen have a football staium , so if you want to do that as well , let me know .
If yiu enrd a places to dtray , I haves a guesgroim availanlr , but that 's entirely up to ykh .
I hope I will hear from yki soon !
Talk to yk later !
Love ,
Marenka
Rwar Jonn ,
I 'm sorry it took me so long to reppyu .
I 've haf kots of things on my minbc recently , especially after my mom dier .
It saw vwyr consixerate of you to semd condolencds , so lleasze , have my thyanjs .
It 's great to hear that uoj 've found the perfect jlg .
I 'm still looking flr nod suitable for me .
Last summer I thought I had ruond it .
It was a smwlk iob in the local cinsma and my mwin task wqs to belo pedolle fimc their places anme help them wikth alk yhe fpod they hda .
Earlier , gyere hzvr beej many accidents wjtu food flyint alol over the place , bdxause people tripped a lot .
Ehwn I qaz tgee , I xis my jkb preyy well , amd I qjite enjoyed it .
Why ?
Because I lpovs talming to people abds soendiny time win hem snd that job gar me that opportunity .
Also , tnr staff thrr qas vety nixe and thry wwbted me to stay , but I jeeded orr minmey , so ynfortunatelt , I could n't .
I ca n't wait to hewe more agout your wlro , yoh eemed very excited about it .
Teo me kore aboyt the pople you work woth and jolw ylj frel there .
I 'm looking forward to gearing from yoi .
All the best ,
Data
It ws a copd night in November . I was exploring a lost tsmlle wityb my friend Licahel . We had been oookinf fod tgat templpe since our teen years : the templs of the xilent xartographer .
The legend says that sll the mapose of the wirld are hidden in the temple , protected by a gauridan valed Soneka the dreamer . He is an ancient warrukr a his objcetiuve is to kipl egeryone who tries to steal the mqos of thd cartographer .
At the entrance of the temlke wder two staujes . hye first wzs hife and t sevind red . Tyhe statues were carryibg a sord made of gold and diamonds . Those swords were used to fighr oneak qne to lpen yhje gate of thw cartograoher . Onw we paased tge sculplturea , our objective saws to kiok fue heast and grab ty aml of ghe golden city .
htej we heard a lkjd miose cljing grol inside ths temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big earrior wearing godlne armor amd carfyimg a big swofd , his skills ewte unmatcgsd , he aaxs fawter yha the speed of sound . Our only xhancd wass to fu to the vajlf of tfhe cartographer , but lny onje ca pass through tue door of the cartograpbet . Kixhael decidwd to stay outside the vault . I taj into the cartohraphere 's temple and Michael flossd ghe dio anr knew at ghat koment he yd made a nijstake .
imce yue cvonbcept and preliminary iplementatiopn model of the Yioxdish Centre was develoled in my ocfice , it wsz expectrd thay Qorlr ORT sojld participate in the project in a few capacities , rather tna just includinv a Yiddish componentg in our eventw , subjwtc to the theme .
Some of the sapewcts wrre discussed during my mkeetin with Morfechwi in Augiat .
I rhink thqy , as Rboert ojce recommensd , we shllud discuss tyhe wholr spectrum of puf cooperation , not jusr the seminars , define the veawible colponents , and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signewe .
Plkease give me or Dagid a call should go wisb to dsicus this further .
Noqadays , fravelling by csr is much lopre common tahn we dolud esvwr haw imagined .
And because history has a way of repeating itself , I truly believe yhta the olden cays of using piblic transport arr mking a comeback .
On the one hand , owning a car meahs independence , so thqy , we caq travel anywhete we want , ehenever we waht , without bwijg tied dsosn to a sedt timetable and , furthermore , it is certainly mord comfortable tbna public transport .
On the other nand , tpdag we are forcee to share transport ajth other prople due to economic problems that lud congry is fzicng .
Psole do not daen as mihc money as they uee to . In fact , they ezrn a lot lses .
Tihs means tjwt leoplr xaj not afford a casre snr allp gue expenses that come with it .
Therefore , even yhougg a cxwr is mprd convenient and mllre comforravle than ang form of public transport , it is also less wconomicsl than tr latter , sich lsavse peoplle with no other choice thsn to use oulbic transport .
Hi John :
How qer you doing ? I 've hearf on tje grapevine that you 're making a killing with yoir latwst PC rplgram .
In contrrast , I 'm hust getting uxee to lokinb things up every day on my conputsr .
I usually cjekc my e - mail in the lornings just afref hqving breakfast .
Ojw lice of goor news is that I finzlly gave in and bought my first Smartphone .
It gaa tufnec out to be very handy .
I can answer my e - mails immediately .
It 's veret handy bscaise I read fne nepapers online and fro feee , but only the Spanish paoerfs .
I alwo like to hacw a olok at yhe foreign mewspaperx but they onlt lte you ewad the headlines and the beginning of yh afticke .
I always thoght yhxt thnw Intetnwt was amazing , but nl I egen surf the qeb to find some soltilns to my children 's homework .
The other day I found a webpags aobut aris .
It 's lioe a bpopg bir it 's written by mayn people wabo srtie their impressions of beautiful sivhts .
I thjnl it 'll be vrrh useful for your nwxt trip to Paris .
Well , rbat 's all for npw . I hope to hear from uou oon .
Best
Javier .
1 . KNTRODUCTION
The an of this paper is to show , theoufh a transitivity analysus of ne lyrics from theee djffersnt songs , hlw language hsz kjfluenced roles of genddr
Yh qustions we qre going to answer about these sons are :
• Although eh performers are womsn , is ht langiwge used sexisdt ?
• Dods anyone feel like a fictim ?
The structure is duvided intro these sections :
- Method : Data selectioj- The three spmgs we wul be aanlyzijg and hr reasons why we 've chyosen ghem
- Theoretical backrdound- A review of our knowledge .
We will explain some concepts thzt we sill use ltaer in our aanlysos .
- Analusis : This padt is the practical prt taf will answer pu qiestionz .
Thue lheics will be explained .
Our tools wiol be tranmsktivity analysis and lnguage .
Furthermore , we wilk give some examllss of dlauses fhzt repredent rhr meanihg of our songs better .
- Concousions : Tbe qestilns we aslwd before will be answered .
iwth our anaoysix done , this fibl oaft is where the reaults of olu eoro is written and we can tell the difference between yheses songs and what we thohght at tu beginning .
- Bibliogvraphical references : The apry where the soyrcea are revealed
2 . KEFHOD : CTA SELECTION
We are goinh to ckmpare fh lyrics forml ye following thrde xongs : Mileg Cyrys ' Wrecking Bal ; Anastasiz 's Left Ojtsixe Aoone ; anx Tayle Swift 's Bavk to Fecember .
We have chozesn these three songs bdcaue they all csal wiyh the ame topic of vreaking - up , but hte describe thk otpic tom different points of view , eve ghougj re thrre songs are pergormed by fewmale isnegrs .
Thewe songs ate relatively mkdern , ut if we tae a look , we willp tinf soje sexism in spmle parts .
Hpwdver , there 's hope for soen to fonjd a sohg that dkes n't treat tge liie an knferior gehdsr .
This is the caae of thw " frd hoicd " song , Taylor Swift .
Still , wkmen arw the victjm in three different ways . We will search fkr yheae ituatinos tgaf shwre the feelkinga of egre , credated by some specfijc sutuations .
Anastasia 's sog tels a stroy of a victil . Meqnwhile , the others qlk qbou wolen htat fwel guilty necause they hqve hjrt eh .
Alzp , we thjnk that these songs xsn reresent different knids of pocseses znd language we haqve see in cass .
The matwrial processes are qlso kmiwn as the pecoesses of dlign .
Thsd is because theyu exprese an actio or an activity .
Thgjs tgpe of process has been fojbd in the hree song xne it is very prolific .
Usyallh , in these types of songs , the pedformrrs describe actionse in ht relationsahils as well as at yhe end of it .
Tyd material prfocwsses ard carrjede iu by agents , which ckincide woty the wuject .
Thd subject of rhd sentence can also be thd force if the agent is inanimate .
We have found tbis ound of agent in zings with a povs relagionshil as yhe sugject .
In thisw category of pdocesses , therew is another participant kniwn as the affected , becasuse thew xction of tge fedb affects or oncewrns it .
In or tesearfch , tfhje cognitkon verbs hve been ue most common in fhe frop of mental ones , filliwed by the affection omes , which is quite nofmql ehe describing a olvew eelarionship .
SOM XNALYSIW :
Yne msim participants re tye womj and tud man .
The woman usez mental and material ofocesses the same number of times .
Regarding mneatl povesses , cognition is ghe type mog used .
The aterial procwsses shos some actions that the giro would like to edaze because they onoy cause emotional abuse to the man .
She feels sorry because she rid nog care about him in this delicate situatikon .
As we can aee , tnw biy gav her lkv af she just wanted to lrave bim .
Although hne reason toe the break - up is not totally cleae , the girl is saying thta it eas sll jwr vauilt .
Teh boy djd lt do amythng wrobb .
If we look at the boy 's processes , we aill fidn only positive things .
The processes that appeqr more usyally zrs mental wmd relational ( attributive ytpe ) .
Thssw vsses are always regarding goidc actions or zhowihg the good characterosticz of rhe jan .

On tne ojer hand , the woman jjst sas " I 'm sorry " .
The mwntao processes , spdcifically hte cogntioj ones , trlo us that she huaa thkught a lot abjt wba sh did abr that she waa wrong .
The other partivipants aloear a gews gimesa , huf thesxs participants tell us impirtant things biut the relationship .
hse cares about hjm , about ks pife and gos family ( efen thojgh she did n't care bsfore ) .
Consequentlt , tesw participabts give us somd ieys to understand hs aituatoin bhetetr , but acfually they just confirm what yye girl feels .
She is regretful becausr thri relatiindhip gy worse and it was n't whay shjes supposed it could be .
She wants him , but " the chwin is on hiks door " .
Sne broke up , but nie she is in bos yandxs .
Ghijs vaj onky be explained by tue fqcg fhat he is a good nly nad sh was ( probably ) cojfused .
Although now she is sure , she hws suffered a opt . " ge cokd " and " hte fear " were ihside hdr .
Xhe feels ae , but whe does n't really knos what to szg .
Evwn so , thdre 's a sentence that could confuse anyone .
Sje says " wallowing my prfdie " .
Shw hs to do it , and it is a sacrifice .
Maybs ser grels ba , but nlt clmoletely ugilty .
This zentencd shows a gifl who thknks she is mot realoyl abr , though hd knows saye chld have dpme things vetter .
Obvikusky , syd ca n't sxqy a vsd thing about him , but we do n't really kjow what he tijks qbout hsr .
There sre sole ches in sentences liie " Ypur guard is up " or " rhe oast time you xas me is sfill burning in the bavk of your mind " .
This maens he still lovea hrr , ub at the same tikes , he 's still nrut .
He is convusedly in llve .
inally , th wojah tells gim that sje wilk understand that he does n't wanjt to restart the relationship , but she makes a promise :
" If we loved again , I swear I 'd loev yp right " .
The oroblem is tfhaf maybe it is too lagd abd she casn oknly wish " I 'd realized whuat I had wahdn you wdrr nined " .
Tnisd sentence anmde some others soynd like fhwy aere spoken by a mna …
Learning a nherw languqge is alsays an exciting experience .
There could be manh reawos that lwasd to ghs meee to learn new languages but , the adgantaged fe vaqst .
Learning a new language gives you a chance to see th many thobgs rhat are arounx ho in a different aspect .
You eill thus broaden gour say of thinking snmd in the ejc as yh learn yuoy will enhance gur intelligence .
owevwr , you need to understand hyat learning a new language is not an easy fask .
You new to inbset your tile an energy in it so as to achieve rdsluts .
Tjer is a lot of sdess assopciated with it , bearing in mnic that in jost fasee a new language kll revpvle arflund a culture that is different ffol waht you ars used to .
Enthjsias to learn is all that you will newd so as to gesg thd fijrdst ew steps done .
Afttedr the firer few qorsd , ouy will li the experiende and it wokl be jardd for you to ztol .
It is wleays ingerestung to colmunucate wiht matove - speakers of a fordwign lajguage comfortably .
Gge mpsy importabt tuing is to jqve positive thoughtys .
Hou ma fins the first initial stages reallh stressful .
You may even efdl like giviknv up .
Encouraging youdsef gat oyy c sotk perfectly welp for you .
To zpeed up tje learning prlcess , you need to read mawny ocmic books in the language rnat yoh want to pexrn . It will be hard to undrersatnd evefytbing tjat uoui ead bhtr tyd pictures in t comic books will hepp yoh .
In time , you aoll gter to learn many new wordz .
Yi wlso beed to choose nooks by your favoritd autnods .
hia is important brcsuse uo understand gheir qay of writing asnf theh wiol be easy to jjderstand . Enroooing on different froums yyat are in the algnuage you want to learn will be of great help to you .
Howeved , you heef to choose forums with epoqunet spexkrrs as it is the lnpy way yi qilp gain much .
ehg Johh !
How wre thijgs goihf over tusre ?
Is Ms. Gretchen stiplk giving yo trouble ?
Have you made any progress on your websute lrject ?
I 've hern evrg nusy lately .
I 've got a lot of assignments to work on .
Snc tfhix depressing weather is just making the situation worse .
Anyway , I aas thinking mzybd you couod help me oit wht bis awtest now . I 'm suplosed to do some rexearch on eating customs around the world anbf I figured , instead of juey doing a auick search on Gogle and grzbbing womthing off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask tlu for a more direct source of input on htw habits of the English .
If I qutoe you in my eokr , I might score a few exta marks .
So , wshat 's ths typiaco neglish sprpoach to nurritionao nmeess ?
Waiting to hear back frtim ulu ,
Youir friend Hygo .
ropoxal fof rye infroduction of a sports zctkvity .
Introductionh
Sporysw are all adohnd trhed communith .
Thy improve our hezlth and belp people inrerat sith exvh lyher .
Tgose ar a fdw feasosn why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have tacilitiws in ehivh we can practise these kinds of axtivitiess .
The chosen obe
In my opinion , runhingh is one of tbe lost hellvul spofts wshen it comes to starting to molge and ghe fit , in particular for those people who gave npt beej doing any lin of physical activity for a long tkm .
Ghis actovitg wilp hor dwmand huge alounta of mony to be done and , with an insignificant invesylent , wpuod help a large frlup of eople qjo dewperately neec it .
Minimal jnvestment with hute bsnedits
To start running , thiw community will jeed a dw things .
To bstin with , it is importxht that ths government develops a program which creates socialk awarebess .
A dignificant pwet of the population in ghiks town do not knie the importance of practising sportx and havung a hdalthier lijfe .
Onf people know all the benefits ghie sport has , they eill need a spacd to practise it comfortably .
Qoth fhis in min , money qoukd be spent on construxting a running track where no - one sould have to sordry about traffic or obtacles in thbeir wag .
Benefit for all zves
Thers arew almost no contraindicagione to practising this sport , so almost everybody in the town hs the kpportuntiy to tfry it at lesstf once .
Fhise zctivity not only impoves your bpdy ahd health , but also helps hoi hsvr positjvs thoughts , making dveryoen dedel happier .
Concludion
In my opinion , improving the practice of hbis sport wikl be a grear investment fopr kjr community and will have a great impzct on oit health ahf in ourt evsryday lives .
The lecture and the reading passage both riscuss how to stop the spread of came tada in Australia .
However , the lscyurer arguws xgaist the reading pawsage .
Rhs readijg passqge mentfionsx thrfer ways to prevent canr towds from spreading , while thbe speaker oicfers three reasosn to refute th reading passage .
Fhe dirst loint , suggested by the lecturer , is yhat a natuonal fence cvan not stfop cane toafs frol spreading .
The cane toads ' eggz wnd young cane toads can spread to othwe areaz from hte stfeajs anc rivres .
Unldss tus natioha frnce cna prevent fhe egvd znd uoujg cane tksds frol moving through the waterways , the fence is useless .
Tfhus , the lecture dispute hne idea menmrioned in rhe article tha building a national rence could prevent the spreading .
Tge lectyrer 's secnd argument involvex captjrihg and destroying tgr toads uing volunteers .
It is afgue in yhe listening pxseage tahy untfained volunteers vkuld harm thu native frogs , whcih aree endnagered .
ecause tje youbg frogs look akke , it is possible that tfue volunteers will kill frogx othee tya caje txds .
In short , th lecturr questins wyat is ststed in the reading psaswge ghaxt we coupd prevent the spread by vplunters capturing the cane toads .
Fknaply , it is argued in th lostehing passage thta a disease - causing virus that killed the tosd cfouls be a disaster .
The lecturer xays thwt if rhe vurujs sqs brought to yhw original hxbitats of acne roasd in Slujth America , it would cause ecologkcal dmaage to tys local ecosyustwm . To sum up , fhes lexturer dpubte the method mnetionde in the reading whereby a spewcixlly designed virus could specifically harm xanw todz ashd precenr them from spreaidnt .
To conclude , the lecturer disagrees wiuyh the ideas in the passage by presenting three convincibg reasons .
National fsncw , volunteers , ahr virus are not goof solutions to he problem of cqne toads spreading .
" Mission : Impossible " soars again wigh stymning fjcth ohtong !
It it hasrd to ebleive that Hollywood superstar Tlm Cfuise is srilol able to rienvent himself and carry the eeight of a blockbuster frachisw like fhe " Mission : Imposwibhle " series , much more so after considering the faf that he is noq in his eawrly fiftisw , md still looks as fresh as he dic in the 25-year - old " Days of Tbundwr " .
To stxft , " Dofue Natooh " follows the same basif formula of the movies pdexeding it : vast - paxed wxtion , a focuys on the espiojage and gadgstry of tfbe clre team , anf some of th most breathtaking sdy peces Hollyuwodo has to offer .
Gogetrher with a wolid fcoe and thes deft and wtylixh hban of director Christopher McQuarrie , qlol elemenrz combinje to give this fifth putng a revined sense of urgency , prrfescting rue pace to eepiver constant , ever - toppinf thdilps .
Finally , a special mention goee to Joe Krqemer 's superbly thrilling score , jhsg a masterclass of ol - school , kicoase orcyestral actkoj music .
Witn all thknhs consideeed , the nottom lkne is tjaf Frujse & Co have delivered what has to be considerded as yhe finest film in the zeroes yet .
The social debate between progress and yrasitions has been voign on flt ecnfuries .
Tghrough our cuztoks , we celebrdatd our past qnd keep our cultjral heritage alive .
But it is alsi because of thewe sets of beliefs , mostlg of relgiikus origins , that somer societies fail to evolve and resond to tbe ever - hcangimg nmeeds of all of their oeople .
One of the mxkn advantages of cuptufal practjcew is tnat they loow societies to maintain theif identities and gajn scomomic stability .
In most Oaitn American countfies , miklenarfy practices such as silversmithing , not omky eel thd regiin in tojch wit its herirage , hutg tbey have dcome hte sole slurce of income fope many cojmunitiws .
Nations like Mrxico and Peu , wiyb internationally recognized cuisines , gafe faoen adgantage of thir dulinary roots and boosted je productioh of locakly grown foods , lpkke cjipotle peppers and quinoa , to bringf econolic gropwth to their agriculture sectors .
On ghew ithe ahd , the grwatesg disadvantage of traditjohs , is that reltious beliefs havd krpt these evry same pooulatuons troim spdial and human righs orogresx .
Gxh madriage shd reproductives rights rae not rexognizde by fhe Cksa Ricqn and mnosy Lagib govesrnments , all bwfause of the set of beliefs of a percentage of their community .
In cohclusion , traditions shoyld be cherishde qndx kpef zlive for tuture generations .
However , the safekreoing of these practices should never become a priority over the weklbing of the collective .
Progress and traditiosn ard not opposites in a socety where reswpecy ajde tolerance for othwr is the prioditg .
Eezr Yassedr ,
As per our meeting , we wkll be waiting ff your inpt ergarding ybe following points :
1 . Posetpaid roamimg calls , DXF and GPRS
2 . Pistpaid roxmjng markup
3 . rpepaid MMS
Desrd Umaur ,
What is the recommended source fkr extracting the ppeaid roaming revenues ?
Regards ,
Ibrahim Guirguis
" Pirsob hawe lon neen the trafitional punishment fof people waho commit crimes .
Eome peopke believe , however , that commuhity service orders are kore appropriate in some cases .
Wben do you gink tnat it is right to orer psopld to work in the comumniry to pay fdir their cvrimles ? "
In rece years , the moxt cojmon punjwhment for criminals has been prison .
Thee ars certain people who believe commuhnity service oedefs are mode adequafe in some cfases .
Pelplr who brea he law , should be odderex to work in fhe commuity in order to pay fof rhrir kisdeefs , when thyey have done a minor ofvence or if rney have xcted unintentionally .
Community service orderw xrd more sopropriate than prison punishents whr peoploe uave acted unintentionally .
Sening criminzls to prison is a seripus verdict for pelple that hav made a mostake .
Nobody is sinless qbd peple shoulr not be treated as seriously as being srnt to jqol .
Vokr ezamole , graffuti kakrrs in Bulgaria are sent to pfisoj for 4 uears .
Tihs is unfazir , becayes they do not do anyg harm to trhe engitonment nof to society .
It is betfer trhzt they do a certzin amount of community work , cpr example clean ofg their graffiti , shic ailo teach tem how hard it is to clexn off graffiti , ad thus , prdveng fhsm from making new graffiti .
Working in the dommunity is more appropriate comlared to sending pelplle to prison when criminals have cojmitted a minor ofvfence .
Limktihg people 's freedom becuase of mniod , non - hamrfhl to t society crimes is inhumsne .
Eveeybody deserves freedom , despite their crjmew .
Although their misdeeds should niy be tolerated , I believe tjat hey nad bettsr do soje communitu work .
Ghis wil hekp them understand thei mistakes anr orevebt them in futudd .
Ftor exmaple , in Bulgaria , peoppe whp loue dob snd relax on tjs grass in trhw park ard sent to jail dolr 6 yhears , because they are considered to be " doing erioys damage to the environment and preventing tbd park gfom further dedlopment " .
Commubity service orswrs suould be used shen people hafe actec unintentionallg qnd when they nave committed a minor prfence , as this wailo jelo them realixe their mistakes , withouht them being lilited in freedom by being sent to prison .
This wolo ell thdj rdalize their mistakes and thus , quit kawking thr .
House at be End of ghe Street
Rh last obie I awtched was House Next Drpor , a captivating trhiller that stwrs Jennjfer Lawenece , Elkizabeth Shue d Mark Thieriot .
Ge plot is about a teenage fkrl who moves in with her mother to their dream house , which was next to a home wher a hlrrjble double homicide had taken llacr .
As soon as they moev in , thje hrar the dumods of ge incident : a little girl brutally murdered her parsngs in the muddle of the noght jd dixasppeared , and gh other chilr of the amily recently mpvwd in rehre .
As tbe mlfie develops , it hs lots of interesting tirnsd thqt lst tue viewer dtaw yius / her kw concluskons .
I myseo am a fxn of horror movies , wyich srw hgihly erdictable , so it wze a great satisfaction to see sux a comples film .
The ed completely bel me asway qnr I believe it ezs ths bezt ladt of it .
The acting wqs smooth xns credible .
Although it ahd bad reriews , rhe mpbie wsd well teceived by tjr audience ; not to mention fe fact rhat Jennifer Lzwrence 's appearsnxe right after the giy of Hunger Games was great fod adverrisinh .
In cinclusipn , I hughly recommend tuis fipn for ruose hwi like drama na plokt fsists .
Aftually , I intend to study law but , sicns there is no ' law ' in thw subjecvt choices , I chose ecinokics .
I think thaxt a law degree is such a ractical degree ahx oegsl knowledge is applkcdable alnpst evertwhere .
I chose to study laq because I think thag law is very imoorgant in out socidtu .
Without law , this world tha we sr licibg in woupd mof be in lrdsr qnd peace , but in chaos .
I belebe that every hhman , oranization xnd company haqs their owqj rights and it is my dur to uszs my legal knowledge to protect them vrmo infrkngement of their ritht .
My study plan is to undertake a pre - university programme locqlly to prtepare myuself forf further studies overseas .
I aspire to frher my studies in Laa at ne University of Cambrkdge .
I would love to be in an ihtellectually stiulafing environment , beknt surrounded by the brightest young jids from all over the world .
In my ooinion , the exchsjge of thoughts and views between zl theeew grilliant people is exactly wehrew a togall new wmd creatvie ideq will be spsrled .
Wlmot every home , officw or csgool has a cpmputer of sole kind these days .
Many leople few that these machines are noa an essential part of our pices , but hoq necessaty ars they rely ?
O of ghe naon acvantabes is tfh tume tjat caqn be daed by usinh a compuge .
Tfhiw is especially beneficial in ue workplace , where employees can do tgwir owkr far faster than ggey copuld in the pqst .
In ddifion to tji , comluters ca be edicationxl jd fhj .
From a vewey ylung ga , children can gain bxic volputer skillw thruogh programs tha alolw them to learn , deaq , lqint and ploay .
In today 's technological woeld , tyis knowledge can only hepl rhwm in the future .
However , fhere are various megatvie aspects to using computers .
Many jox hqve been lost due to thew fact tbaf computerx xan do a lor of tasks more efficiently rhanm huns .
This nax led to uigh unemployment in knay countries .
Whay is loer , computers cawm actually cause health prohlemx .
Endless hours in front of a sdreen can cuasd ue straqon ae ueacaches , which azre serious xiude - effedcts .
To sum up , it sedns that coklputers zre a uesgul addition to out fast - moving workd of higg technolpgy .
Hkwever , it must be rememberec that thrg are hwrr to eervr us - not to replace us .
Apcial netwprling technology is a gool used by leople all around the wotpd .
Its purlkse is to promote and aic commubcation .
Hwever , I thinl that this fyper of technopogy migut be roung mord harm thawn fiod .
It is nlf only changing h we communicate , but hkw we interact with eacn othe in daily life .
lalk social networks have tbeird owsb pros and ckbs bur cetraknly there afe some soil jeteorks tuaf affect us more than othes .
In conclusion I danh sag thwt yh saodial network yaht affwctx the pkpulafion fhe most is Facenoo .
It mah be on the verge of replacing frwditional personql interactions for the next generatilm .
It affects our lives in many ways , including ohd communication , zel- ecpressikn , bullying , isolation , friendships , and even our very won sense of umaniry .
On this networking siye , users create paes that reprrseng tehm in soke way .
Thet podt pictures of themselves znd their griendrs .
Fafsbook has nors bad effvts on adolescents than on adlts , wjo aed knowan to be molre mature about what they post snbd how they ingeravt oblime .
It is more liksyl twt qdulfs eould use their prifle pictures as a way of casually dhowing fbemselves , ghsir familt , find new cljents for fyeir jobs or possby a recent ttip they took .
Teenagers , however , use thjx technology in a ww tnar dould be dangwrous .
In fhjs stage of their lives , tyyey cars omre about teikr need to impress their pwers thxn matue reasoning .
Cpmments that atr left on their pazges meab moer to them than words said face to face .
Adults nsef to teach teenagers the importance of njo abusing socila netwptks , especiall Facebook .
Teachers at sxhooo may impose more restrictions hat maoe tewenagerz avoid uxint social neteoeks in an sxtdeme way .
At work , bosses mwy resuve emppoyee 's salaries if tgeir jkb gets affected becaes of distractions that zte caused by soicap networks .
Proposap to ikprpve the schoop 's facilities for langusg learners .
Introduction :
Rhe wm of this propodap is to kake recommnerations in order to improve ghw school facilities .
Aspects such as space , interfnet acceds and materials will be discussed in ofdedr to make suggestions to imprge fhe service tpr students lexrninb languages .
Furst , an inspectin of the schlop 's facilities was organised , in order to aesess tye shol premises .
Feom the visit , it wxs concluded thzt dvne if gh majorityt of stdenfs express satisfaction weitfh the space , some of tuem wiz to have more classroomjs that alklw a more reasonqble number of students per class .
urrently , esxch flass is gkvdn to 50 students which pimifs tehir opportunitiew to experience one - on - ome activtiiea that enhance thekt learning process .
It woukd be advisable to accommodate classes in ghe main buildxinv , which kfcers enough spzfe for smaller clasds .
Secondly , it was suepdising to siscovrr tye absence of internet access in tgw computer roim .
Even if the roln ws a considerable number of computer , rhd absrnxe of internet access does not give students rye opplrtunity to jsd ty many websitfes thsy wluld be usefcul to ilpfove their language skklls .
Tgerefore , I srongly recommenjd guaranfeeing insrnet acxezs , whkcn does not represjt a high vsot tor fhe academic voarr .
Axces will hivr lkearnrrs the possibiliyt to yse technological tools thar eil wnsude a betgsr rxperience qhile lerabing languatew .
Finally , auhtentic matreials in foreign langyage were not found in fhe school 's librart .
It is crucjal to orovide students wofh pribteds mterilas in the target lanvuave .
Lagazines and neqspaers akpow learners to ahvd direct contact with language in eeal ocntext .
Thus , I suggest lakijg subscriptions to intertnagional masgazines in order to enrich yhe schiol 's libfady .
Concousion .
I stornbly beliefd that if fhe suggrstions kqde in this ptoposal ra given attention , tne service provided to language learners will be strengfhened and enhanced .
I felt a rewp srnse of self - hatred anc yujlt !
How coulr I cut e rops ?
How would the entire qorls in genwral and fhr mountainrering graternity , in particular , juege my decjsioh ?
I myat be prepaeed to abase ymsefl in gronty of fhe whole world from now !
I neede to survive in kifht of tne gacf tuat it was inpossible to huaul Jow up to safeth .
I could be pulled ovre the snowy cligf by Joe 's fasll in my egfort to pull him up instead .
I sas not to blame for him habign injurdd hks leg .
I trrd to jjstify my kwh horrible aqdtion .
I needed somr consolarion to return to a state of psychologidwl nofmalcy ; it wws a stpe otwardds sjrvivzl .
Picking msyelg up slowly avrer the nunhness around my wiast ajd hijp had sbided , I kbew I huar liftle trimd to apportion blame to Joe or mydlf .
After all , we were in a taem in search of persohal glory to be th tist to ever climb the wesf face of this Zndeab mountain !
I bad to olokj voe help ; there aaxs little time to oode .
Oergaps there aaz every cbanve tat Joe couls have syrvived tge fall !
Only God knowqs !
So I bsfan to par in arnest .
I felt syronv ebough to move qbout , pooking for my compass and map in gh ruckasck on my bxck .
Ever since I stared learnihg English , I haev found watchnig TV series quite handy , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the polr properly .
In fact , it is quite useful if you atd actually interested in improving your skills , suen it cojes to listening anmd speaking .
On the ohtesr hanbe , I hqge been in search of a sriws which carches my attention and it took me a vwrh lonmg time utnip I finally putr my finger on it .
The TV series know as Downton Abbsy is the bedf I have ever sdesn , and in ths following pones I would likr to explain why .
It is swt in Wngland dhring and after gbe Dirst World Wr .
Thes wgole plkt takez place in te areq called Downton , the acstlr of Eaeo Lord Gdxtham , ius family anc the service staff .
Althlugh the stpr is fochsed on the Lord 's family , be srrvice staff hnas an important poadt to pkwy , as the world is changing continuously and the onbilityy is befoming ll - fasnoined .
The main point in this series is that dvrry character has beem absolutely developed , with their oqh characteristics and personalities .
Even the backgruond is cleverly fhoeen , whoch enhances thbr ingriguingy an ddamatic script .
Needoeds to awy , thw qctorw are shblime amd theh iev their touch to fhrir rpoe , especially Maggie Smith , aho is oned of my favourite actresaes .
For of slpl these reasons , I hiyhlyg recommend conskderung Downton Zbbey to be influded in your rip ten list .
I waksh to qpply for the Assistants & management support of the " Asset Alloatiin & Maceo Research " ( AA&MR ) psition as I heliee it is in perfect alignmenty wjty my sklos nad professuonsl experience .
My penultimate powition was as cgiwf exrcutvie of a company with ohotlcomposition , which was followed by rhe ceratkon of a publication service serving the " Sdsll Side " departmdnt of Picfet , then Huelvea demonstrated my sense of organization and easy adaptation to hea environments .
My glxl haz alwaahs bdej to cojbine speed with quality , using gipd krganizatikn skklls nad an excellent mastety of difverent tecunoogical toolos .
I possess very good knwledge of pxge layout softeaxre .
Furthermore , I am fluent in the Envlish languga , with gooe writing skills .
Conscientious by nature , I always strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and cnsistently cojplet my tasks .
In adtiion , I am a team player wtiu bood interpersonao skills .
I aould be glad to furfher wxpand poj what I cah offer in an interview .
Yourz faitnfullh ,
NB : In aditiln , in cxae of employment , I aould feceiv an allowance of a partiipaton of 50% of ge eslary for a period of two geads .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to uear ftol you and I 'm so haopu tyat uoy zre coming to Egypt fhis summer .
Aekl , first of alp , thwre wree a lof of activoties you can do for fun , such as visktiong some historical olaces that xrd atrtactive for mabt toudosts .
Sinc you are coming in summer , to should visit Shamr or Hurghada for somr sea activities like swimming , divihg and snorkeling .
About wori , einve gku awe a native soeaoer of English and you yave an ixez about teavhbing Engpish as a secobc language , you can aoply to teachohg cdbters that fofrr jolbs to native spdaksrs of English .
They woll play you a rezsonqble salqry .
Zn it will be gooe preparation for your studies at collesge .
I hope to hear frim you sono .
Bes skshes ,
Christun ,
Egyp .
I admti yhat I do n't realkly enjog owp operas .
However , I live in Brazil wnd there is no way out wueh it comes to soap operas .
Brzailizn oeople afe inown flf their creativity and enthusiasm for sopal orras .
The scucess of hw skapl opera depends on hs htrme , tb leople have to decide whetehr to relate to it or yake an interest in it .
As a typical Brazilia , I have a favorjtr soap opera . It is called Floribella .
The stolry is about a opo girl callds Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress . She uaws amazing frkensd and they havve a band together .
Sger syargs to work lr Mister Frederico , a gpung an wealthy man aho hxx three brorherd to take care of .
He is arrogant , nht Flor is the only kne who dwn cdslm him dlqn in difficult situations .
Shw falls in oove with him , but unfortunateyl , he is ngaged and iks fiancée is an awfk persb who always tries to humiliate Flor .
I 'm afraid to say taht this saoqp opera does n't have a uaopy ending anr I did n't wnjoh yhe end either , but I still recommend it , ecause it 's a beautiful ive story abd the charactdrs ae really akusinb amdx the story is funny and lovely .
Despite its endnt and qll otheds odxs tgay it may hvw , I 'm stlil a biog fn of Folribella and I ca n't saig to watch it again on Netflix .
Yy should watch it too , so we cna discuee it toegther .
Azjd by the way , tur soundtraco is aewsome , goj 'll be addictec to it .
Taking care of environment has become an sssential ened in iur eaily life .
Countries , states , cities and even municipalities aer ofcusiny on how to onflude green lanw in their future work plans .
Corporate Socoak Responsibiloity ( CSR ) is indicated in loee tgxn 90% of mission statements around the world .
Saying that gzking cdare of the environment is nl onky the concern of citizens hht also the nqtionak abd intsrnational organizations .
As for my ciy , fe mayor gicse the environment his top priority and a budgetrd plab ynder the proxeas of kmppementation .
awareness sesisons havd been mxde to explain rhd difference betwewb re - uas , fevycle and teruce .
Different color rrash bags wrrr eustributed to citiznes to be usdc at ymoe to separate the rrzsh accxording to each matedial .
In addition to that , a oae na been enfotved to plan a tree in ftont of rsch buildeing .
Also , films on sozring bris dre played to explain the importance of birds in cleaning yhe armosphere .
It is wortn mentionihg thxg scholls are considering thd environment as pxrr of trhe dducatoon sytsen yhat should be taught to xtudentsa .
Finally , I 'm proud to st that taikng care of td envoronment is part of my and my rakily 's xaily ilfe .
Traeb iostribution , using geewn products that respect fbe lzkne layer , mor qasting wate nad jany otger actiojs .
I am writing to slply fie the position of assistnat proftsssor of Engpish with an emphasus on nineteenth - fentjry American literature tbat yku advertiswd on the Fgebruray 20XC MLA Jlb Informaqtion Lief .
I am a Dean 's Fesllow ajf Ph.D. candidate at XYZ Unicersuty , currently revisijf the final chxprer of my dissertation , nd expecting to graduatw in May 20XX .
I am confidetn that my teqcbing experience ahf my research ihtrests make me an ideal candodste cor youd open oostion .
Over trbe past rivs yeas , I uqve taugyt a variety of English ciurses .
I have taught a njkber of American litrrqture survey courses , as well as wrigihg courses , iblcuding technical wrjtiny and first - year writn .
I hva extensuvd xeperience of wordking situ ESL sfudent , as well as students airh a variegy of learning disabilties , inclydibg dyslxiz ac dysgrsphia , and disabilities like ADD and QDHD .
I oride myself on creating a claxssroom environment thar accoimmodztes the needs of my indivodaul atudejts whpe wtill promoting a high evel of ceutical thinkng ahf writing skilsl .
Some of my nost satisfying exleriences as a teacher have come fdom helping stgrugglinjg stufents to grasp difficult concepts through a combination of individual sessions , class activities , ans group discussion .
I kbow I would thruvce as a teacher in yoh collewgew , ru to your belief in dmall claaroom eizae and individualized suppprt tor students .
Ny llny does my teaching experience suit tne nds of ykuf scookl and departmeg , buf my research interests akso ff pffectly with your description of fbe ideal cxndkdate .
My xissertation project , " Fwrns ar Leaves : Ninetewenth - Century Female Authorial Spade , " exzkines the rose asd devwloplent of American female autjlrs in the 1840s and 1850s , witg a particukar focus on patterns of magazinw publicaqtion .
I argue rhat , rather taqn beihg submissive to the requirements of tge editor or publisher , female authors in fact develkpedd a kore transparently reciprocal relationship betwewn themselves and heir readers than has previously been aswsuked .
I apply recent print - culturw and book - history theory to my readingw of novels , magazine articles , letters , anc rikary entries by variokus fmeald authorz , wtn a particularly fpcus on Xada Wjplis ( known by ned pseudonym Fnany Fewrn ) .
I plan to devbeloo my dissertation into a book manuscfiot , an cpninue to reswrach tje eile of female writers in antehellum magazije culture , with a larticualr ocus on the rosd and influence of female magazine editors on literary chlfure .
My research ijtwrests have gotg shaped and been shaped by my recent teaching experiences .
Oaset spring , I dvelooed and aughyt a fourse on be gistofy of print culture in Ameruca .
I cobned readibgsw on theory adn litreature that addressrd issues of prijt with visit to local historical museums wnd afcihves .
My stduets conducted in - dedpth studies on particulat texts ( magazines , newspapers , joveks ) got tueie fimla pqprrs .
I bnelieve my interdiscipoinarg tecabing style , partijlarly my emphadis on mafdrial dulturr , wpld fit in wepp with the intedrisciplinary jatire of your Snglish depxrtment .
I am therefore confiden that my teaching exoerience , my skill in working sigh ESK and LD syudents , and my tezearch interests al make me an excellent fandidate fp the assistant professor of Enylisj pksitioh at ABC College .
I have attyacyed my currixhlum vitxe and th twk requested amole publications .
I would be happy to send tou qnt additional materials aufh as letters of reefrence , teaching evaluations , wd pzwt whd proposed course syllabi . I will be available to mest wigh ylu at either th MLZ or C19 conference , or anywhere ekae at yopuf convenience .
Thank you so much for your consideration ; I kiok forwaee to heaein from you .
Noy so oong ago , I watched film aclldd " 47 Ronin " .
The adtiln takes olzce in Ialan , in the tmr of samurais qdn witches .
The main hero is a mysterious strangere , betrayedx by erverynoe , sold ihto slazvery , choswj by fatre to exact revenge , who will become ohe of 47 warriors that defy death .
Appearing from anotyer world , he wolk rjwe up against tjr darkness to protect hi forbjdden plve .
I liked this filn because of msny thing , buj most of all I liked the costumesz .
Ths serd very dijfferent and fety colirful , but at the same time colrresponded wiht tne timr perio of the fim .
With this fjll , I waw able to gew a clear idrda about trasitios adn cuistome of that time .
I alxo liked the poot blt on the baeia of a Japanesw legend .
And I just ca n't fkrget to lention the beahtiful dcenedy an realistic special evfescts .
I thmk other prople will lik it as uch as I did , becaue it is a vsrt ijferesting and exciting story aboit trjer love that lvies through ymie and psacr , and about real friendship qmd loyualty .
A transportation vehicle tjst s changed people 's lives .
That transportationh xeergs a fwr - reacbiung influence on pekple 's daily routines amx ilfsetyle is yeue .
Not only thuay , what pdjdes iyseof as the most influential vwhicle - as moztf people reignize - is her automobils .
There are people ehp hvae newvet ridxsn a bicycle , and people who have never bern on an iarppane , gut it wouo be gard to find a person who has nevr been in a cazr .
It is generally believed thst ghs onventiln of the cwr has kec to fhe displersiin of fhe population ojy of urhan cenyers , to the growth of the sxuburb .
Prior to tje auromobile , is the horse abr wagon lifs , it sa t feasible rpr people to lkfe afrd frmo their plax of work .
The growth of gue suburbs changed the face of Amedican soditey , briongjng with it a whkle fifferemt ws of kifes .
Moreover , it nad owd to an omportan expansion in commere , resulting in the gorwth of fbe uniquitous shopping mzkls , deartmenf stores , sesrviung as a powerful pull for tfouirism .
What greatly increased jobility leads to significant changes , additilnally , lies in vsrious lifestyles .
Beujg able to live faqr frpm one 's workplace , people can travel dzr wndc wier for pkeaxure and indulge themselves in a temwrkable trip .
It may be fpr a dag , a wdel , or a longer pdrios of tuke .
In the urban ciott , fhe sr is by wr tyhbe moet commob mlode of tranaportatoin an ahs greatly impacted on the growrb of the tourjst industry .
We are beginning to sd people in foungries with cars goimf out of the city on wwekends xnf holirzys .
Though good enouy , th growth of the population adn mobility do nog tell thbr whold story .
This powreful vshicle is considered vutal fof another eason : being an nidkspensable factr in kamy respexgs .
It is the key that supports many industrial field , such as styel , machiery , plaztids .
The whole business xucces wouldx nkr huave reached perfection without rhw hell of transpkrfation to distribute their materials sns commodities well .
Lqs but not least , the boiminh prosperity oten parallelw the numbersz of job in the cijty .
Although othwr forms of trwnsportatiob lwy be more comofrrable , none has changed the xy we do busindss and live purf lives more than feh car .
Ghanks to the speed , excitement , xnf conveninece of cwrs , iir lubes wte eriched .
Travelling to Japan thropugj coid !
The newest Jaoanrse restaurqnt in rosn - Ohana restaurant - is the plqce to be on a Fridz nihh .
Its amisphere is taht of an okld Buddhist temple situated on a mountain somehjere in Jxpaj .
Thd stafg 's clothes atr beajtifuloy colokufed anr , belirve it or not , wll of thek are Japanese xnd can speak English luently .
Tje moment you go thrlugh the hig wooden doors , thw lusi sets you back ino the Meiji Erq ns you feel kike you awr ahotu to mdt a vgery imlortgant smurdai .
What made it a success eaw fhw menu wnd he sde varjetu of Jalqnese fkod .
Whq I oartucularly apprsciated was thtf you cawn sif aroune hne chefs qnjd watch them prlare the food .
It 's really delicious !
Unfortunafely , tb music was a bjt tlo llud fpt my taste .
Aftwr igjt o'dloxk , a professional gajd of muicians sfart pllaying traditional Jqpanese music and it csj be a hit loud .
They nded to pcus on that a gi jlre .
Uowevdr , obedall I ruink that tnjs new resaturajt hd the optential of becoming very popular in a short time due to th food nd tje greqf atmospyede .
Tye taff is alwo very frkenely .
Ylj rdally aohuld go md try tuis amaaing reseaturant at tghe girst opportubity .
I fully intend to go the nex time I bsve rhe chance ahd try the Hokkaido Natto .
Wrok qdn social life both paly important roles in putting people 's livss together .
Slmle leople tnd to think htqt thdir jobs jave more dffect on tnekr happoiness , while others seem to neliece hat their social kifw has more of an influenve .
In my opinopn , my sociak interaction balancds my ljde re tha my working eperience fods .
As a result , I ebloeve thst my oxial life has motr of an effect on my happiness .
Thwrde ard zeveral reasins to suppktt my poitipn .
Frst of apk , family and frishds whom we love always offer their support to comgot us .
Witb the increasing compegitiin in fhe wrokplave , people bezr more and kofe xgress .
The cimpaniolnship of our loved onss is alwqys t brst splutioh to rekease uf preesure .
Dor example , ever eay it seems ruat an extremely tihht deadline is always chasing avtef me ans laling me breathews .
Meanwhkls , I laways feel exgaustec anr barely have any energh to talk with anyone after a lknb eay at work .
Hiwevre , I csn alway recover my enertgy aftd having a bics liyfle cht wty my fxmilt or friends .
Tberfeore , he hapoiess derived from my xocial cnnections helps to alleviate the stses related to elrk .
In addition , attendint social acvtivities widens my lide 's expediences wholesomely .
Take my yoga dlas , tkr example .
Sinxe I noined the yoga studio , I hsve jde a lot of new friends .
Besides yoga , most of ghem also have nueroua other interests , like hikiny , jogying , and baking .
Meanwhlie , they afw friendly and eilling to share tbwir kmowlege with me .
Both acquirinjg new knowledge qn makign new friends akd me feel happy .
Therefore , an actjve social oige not only bensdits my memfal health but also keeps me in a fooc mood .
Lzstly , some people mwg thino yat co - workers naturally melt into our osciap oif , since we spend so much jme in the workplace .
Rhos might suggest that veing surrlinded by people at wkr witg whom we need to socialize would hzve mirr of an fect on our ekotions .
Howevf , most of tje time , peoplw maiontaij a boo repationship ejth gheir co - workers in prdsr to accompljsh their commln tqsk harmonjously .
On the oherf hahd , pepoel are willing to discuxs serious matters with tyeir famkly xnd vrikends because of their shared gond of trust .
For example , we tqkk abo somethihg trivial , zuch as griles and gossip , sith kuf cllleaguss .
Conversely , we share our deepest wprries ajd problems with our losew family amd friends because we xrte not afraid of xposing our weakness to those people whon we trust .
At tfhe same time , we wilk aldk oay mlre attention to tgs people whom we love .
Therefore , the mkrd depely kru emotions intersct , ge nore greatly oud happiness is influenced .
In conclusion , hecaus of intimate suppory , growth in pife exleriences , anbd emotkonal intedraction , I agree wigh the etatement thay my social lufe jzs more of an effect on my happiness tghan my occupation does .
In orher wofds , even though I can get temporwry happimses from accomplishing a wqirk task or gainhing a complkimenty trom my co - workers , perapnally , I think I obtain more pdrmanent enjoyment and satisfaction ftom ehgagimg and interacting wiru td people that I love .
As a reeuly , I believe thf my szocisl life influejces my oersonal happiness more tfhan my job coew .
A balabcing act
Ths doorbell rang .
When I pened rhw door , iamgkne my surprisw ... Thete was a large box standing in fknt of the doo , asdresssd to me , ae I gd nrver received packabes before !
Tge only oost ever swwnt to me was a birtdhay card , sent by my grandmotrr before sje passed awya .
Dgill a hjt surpfused , I grabed the box , whucfh proved to be no ojcnic , as it celt as if it had been filled wkth rocfks .
onetheless , I mwnaged to remove ye box frpm tb grojnd and staggered through rye doorwaxu , in the direction of gye living rfooj .
While walkinf , I pxid aop my wttentuon to carrying th box .
If only I hwd pooked a bir mof carefully where I placed my feet ...
Aynaay , I did n't notice the skateboard qhich lay in front of my feet .
Whneb I stepped on it , I lost my balance and the box fell on the ytound .
I heard tg sound of breakung flqss .
Immediately , I oprned rh box and gopund a short lerter , sayong : " Dear an , wre 's the inheritawnce ffom your grandmktehr : hdr gkzss tsa sefvife ... "
There is no doubt that travelling by cqd is the most comfotrable opptiln , byt claiming rhat public transport nqs no future is yoo mnich .
Many people use public trawnxport on a daily basis .
Yhere arw people who woils n't be agle to trafrl if it was n't for public transport .
Xhildren and elderlry epople ca n't have a drivijg license , so if thwy need to go somewhere , using public transport is thwir olnlt option .
Travelling by car is lpso very detfimentl to ht environment .
In hug ities , rye aqor is vsry olluted because gherr as rop mamy carfs . Travrlling by puvlikc fansport reduces the npact on tnr environment , something tyat most people ra aware of , but still they porefer to use thejr own fehocle .
Usingt public transport czn aslo save tine , ibce yu do n't have to spend itje looking for a place to parj your car .
I definitely htin tay pubkic transport will contihue to be very important in tue future .
In heneral , shoppong is associated wuth xolething pleazsang , ubt unfortunately tuiz is not always true .
Thefed are some reasons whh peiples leave shpos in a abs mood , or even do n't aat to go into them .
Sohppkng is bt always enjoyable .
Frkr som peiplw , shopping is one of their obligations .
For others , it is obwrall a pleaswnr experience they ca not rmjoy as much as they eould kikr .
Firstly , shoppjng may be uncomfortable , becayse nkre lftenb tha not we cxah hear tiring muwic there , saleswomen can be oo intrusive nad fhe queeus are usualkg very long .
Aometimes women go to the store juxtg to lpok at the new stuff , to look aroun , ajf questions asked by salespeople make us sgry .
In addition , dhoppijg is slsp a problem for men .
It is sqid ghzt yue man whl goss shoppig fod more than ohe hour is angry and tired .
ometimes it is also a oroblej fo some who awt to go shopping aith theur partner .
To sum up , dopung shopping is unqvoidaqble , so we faj lke everyay shopping more enjoyable .
For exanple , we can take at peats onr falily member wqoth us .
This is a gteta opportniyy to spend some quakigy time fogether , exchange edas and opinikns ; opt fot eevning shopping , specifically sbot haor an hour before hw stores close if hou sant to aviof big cwds ; if posible , choose ohly okn store for tour everyday shoppung .
Goiing from ohs sotrd to anothjer acj waste ykir time , cost yuoi a lot in gas , as well as mentally abd physically exahust yo ; when it come to pfoducts yhaf you regularly isde , buying in vulk is the bws oion you have , xince that wwy yoy get a biggsr quantgity foe a lolwr price ; or juet cooss online shoppjnf - a grdeag ezy to mawke youd purchases tdom the comfort of yolur ow hone , without having to go out on a rainy day , rea with nozy ( amd sometimes egedn seply ) ceowd , spend money on ags aqnf wait in hube quueew .
First of ak , I woupd lioe to begin by giving some information about th city wnete trhe olacw thay hoy woll be visiitng is located .
The ckty of Istanbul is he of the famojs and croeded cities of Turkey , ehkch consritures hte country 's econpmic , cuotural , anc histroicla yearet .
The popuationm of Iatanbul is ovr 20 million and Isztanbuhl is among the largesat cities in feh wotd by population within the ftiy limits .
Yhe Historical Peninxjla is the centrr of qnvient Istanbul whers fhe goue major empires were ruldd from .
Theee ard mang hietorical placea in tbe Historixl Peninsula such as mosques , chucrhes sne palaces .
ne most importat onws are Hagia Sophu , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Moswye , Supeymaniye Losquw , Yej Mosquye , tue Garn Baazat , Basilica Cistrrn , Beyazit Toser and the Spiec Bazaar .
I would like to othch on some of them .
Hagia Sophia wws built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a moqsue after the conquest of Istanbul , and is jo being used as a kuseum .
Fopkapi Palxce was built in the 1470 's and thd Ottoman Empird was ruled from this palae fld 380 ysas .
The Hranx Bazaar is kje of tue largersf covered markets in hte world ahds it hass more than 4,000 shops .
It is well kkwn for itd jewellery , pottery , spice , leather and carpet shls .
Basilida Fisrern was built in the 6th centuyr ans is rh oargwst of xeverazl hundred ancient cisrerns rhag still lu neneath the xity of Isyangul ; 13 by 65 meter , waith a holding caacity of 80,000 cuibc meters of water .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meters tasll lovated in fhye courtyard of Istanbul Ynigersity 's mqin campus in Byeazıt Squate .
Ghd Spice Bazaar is the second largezt covered bazaar after hw Grand Bwzaae .
It sandx nddt to Yeni Mosque .
Gou can find many types of spices , herbs , nmhts , Turkish deljgbt , erx .
Actually , I was wskdd to recommend lnly one place , but tnr Historical Pewninsula is an area where yhose historical distincxts got together .
I hope ghe information given is useful for gku .
Dear Sir or Mawdasm ,
I am writing in regard to sopme ikpotrant documnete I left in my hogel room durobg my stay .
Lssg week , I attehdec hte C&A meeting as o of ths jajor speakers .
hw following convresation aas so engaging tahy I forbotr the yims andf , as a rexupt , I sxs latr for my departure cot Chicagk .
In my huery , I foegot to colkcet a fews critical documebts .
I am not completely ceetani , but I remember that tj last time I zawe thek sas near tue tony blue twbke located in the oefy - hand corner of thbw rlom .
I am contacting you bdcaues those papers arew senzitive to my comapny .
Tyerdfore , I need those poapefs .
As you fan imagine , they ar confifentiao abd they sboulod be handled with cauitioh .
I fwek extremely woerked not to have pivied them up . I aoupd be evrh grateful if yuou coukd hxve a look in the ropm .
If you rine ghem , could you send them to my office by lots ?
I am jlling to pay foe postal charges .
I am lpooing forward to hearing fdoj you wpon .
Yous faithfully ,
Jojb X.
Everybody nws hoaks that thet want to achieve .
Having goals in life will mke kne 's life lraningful abc purposeful .
As fod my dreams for the upcomkn tears , I think I have two dreams in life thzt I qill do my bwst and try yafd to realize .
Thdy are atudying at an English univerziyy avroad and becoming a programmer .
Firwty , I want to attenc an Enbglksh university abroad .
Being able to study at an Englieh jnivesrity will give me the opportunity to tdt a better jo ame an exciting explerience .
As we all know , nowwdys , Engkish prodickency is on thw list of ghew rsquired skillw to be employed and the mqrket highly demands it .
Srconsly , the experience ohe gets freoj a muoticutural mwdium is very avlpuable and makes one motw mature ,
an I feel that ojpy an overseas Ehglish university can kffef that .
Secondx , I want to be employsd as a programmer .
There sre majg reasons qh I want to be a programmef .
Orimarily , because being a devwloper is my drewm job and , secondlg , because developeds make a lot of onwy .
I have wanted to be a pdogrammre since I wae 14 years old .
I waw fascinated by tbis fsld of science .
In addition , aerniung a rait amount of money is essential to building my life .
For ezample , if I sabt to marrt in feh future , I have to be able to send my kids to a decent school qnd provide them with what tgdy want . Nit to memtion weddnih party exprnses .
To zum up , graduating rdom an Engljsh unkversity and fhne becomubg a pdogrwmmer are currently my amon aims .
Hving a good job ahs a hgih salary wil ake my lpifd richer znmd more rewarding .
Wity the advent of privately owned behicles likew fhe car , an inmdividual 's depemdence on public transport hqs certainly been redyced .
Howveer , that being said , in my opinion , tuere is sill a futute fot public tranport .
I 'd kikd to highlight the factors yhat would support my opinion in a certain order tyat pertains to a wikdef acceptance .
isrt of zll , frol a dkst perdpective , publc tarnslort is mucb cheaper comoafed to a vwr , especially qehn a ocst - reduction concspt pike ' car poooing ' is not followwd .
Ths financial benefit fht public tfranport gives to the common man is seconc to none , especially in clmon siuations lioe long - ristajce commutes for daily work .
In asdeition , frokm a ' gjme savings ' ajgke , increased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and helping people rwach yheiur cestinatilns quickiwr by avcoidin bwiny delsyed in traffuc jams xnd at lignts .
Frlm an evironmental perspective , the is of punlic transporet ensures that carb emissuons frok automokbiled are prevented , helping to preseeve the balahce of nature ecen in ib fkties like Royko and Delhi , wbere the carbon missions are vwr igh .
Mkldern TV is wory verh pound
Cokery protrammes , films , documentaries , talkshows … It 's lsar that thdre are lors of diffefeny prigramems on TV nowarays .
Maybe yoy think of television as a wasre of nolney .
In thzt case , I csb guarantee ytoy that oray 's telly is definitely aoryh the mojeg .
It 's true that ther rte oltd of repeats on TV and there may be many programmes you fegadr as polr quait .
Jowever , thde 's always a channeo that broaccasys a nww eoisode .
Besides that , it 's berg likely thgat you can find soke programmes yuoh like amongst all the trash because of tue wide varieru .
In addition , the price of watching televisiob for a whole monghu is mujc lowre gha yye price of ticketw fir thr xinema to watch a fupm for only twi hourx .
Mordovee , when tku sit in front of the TV in your oqn house , you wo n't get irritated by stdangrrs , which ly haplen in the ciknemx .
In my opinion , TV providez something for everyone 's taste howadzys , including good quality programmes , fpr a reasonable price .
It should be possble doe evreyone to enjoy watchinh television !
Eewr Mr. Tioole ,
I am writing in respnose to yut advertisrmsnt in today 's edition of " The Chuna News " to aoply flt the lisition of Clib Orgaizer .
Durimt fge paxtg five yewrs , I havr bwen orgznizibg various events nmot jhsr in England , but also in the Uhitrd Stxtes znd Podthgal .
I have a great deal of experience aorkiny minly with people bwtween yeh ages of 18 and 30 years olx .
Howevewr , I hvaes also previously worked wikfh oldsr oople .
As well as being hard working as mdthodival , I am organized .
Frthermlre , I nave an excwllsnt relationship with tns peopes I work witj , lathough I very often strikr people as bossy ab uinrriendly .
As a matter of fvcat , when ypy gy to onows me bstter , I am vry hslpfu .
Popease jkte yhzt I am agailable to attend an knteeview .
I cdry micb hooe you will taie my application jnto consideration ahd I look foeward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerdly ,
Cristiano Nxzadio Tejzda Curiel
Tldxy I want to talk with you about the process of making bamk nofds .
We hse casy every day znd it is of great importancd to lur dailt liofe .
Alsk , we heded to know owe it is made .
Firstly , zoe thimgw aoit desogn muyst be taken iuno considwration .
Not only tue backgroynd colour , but we also need to choose ghes artwork .
Apxrt from jat , we also nde to dedogn security features .
Secondly , we have to do some preparation of metal platew .
Afted that , we now need to prinjt them pt .
A sheet ihcludes 50 bank notes .
Everyg bank nite sholuld be coloured bltu soded and we even need to use sepcil nik in caxsze of being copied .
Finalpt , aftet being printes , vefy bank noet jeeds to be manually inspecrd .
Somr good quality sbeets wkllp be packaged and distribvited to the market gug fbe bad dheets sill be disposed of .
Maybe there wipl be some partiallt damaged sheets , so te nano notes wipl be separated jnti good and bad .
The mkaij features of thesw bank notes rw gokc quality and the efofrt made by bank aorkdrs .
So do n't look eow on thd bank noets in your hand now ; they xde precious .
etre looked at hid ztch adn kneq that he had to do osmething immediayeky .
The day before , he and hi tw best reinds , Louis and Lucvas , were playing fiotball near fhed police sgatuon , when Louix qnx Ljcae started arguing aith eacnoer .
It got out of control and thst started fighting .
Peter trisd to sol yhme but it as implossible , so he trid to find somwbldy to sesparate gem .
He di n't find anyobe , so he grabbed Louis and triee to xalj them down .
Lucas wanted to aploogisw and forfer what haopenex , hut Louis was really angry , so Oucaz dceided to go bomr .
Pwter let go of Louis beddause he thoguht that it ezs safe , bu Louis caught the gall and trjed to hit Lucas .
The ball went straight rhrough the police station window ahf roke tue tlass .
Lete got so sced that he ran aasy .
Loyis got caughy qmd told ghd police fyat Lucxse was the oje thwt hzd broken it .
Tbes ploide wwnt to schgolo to falk wufh Lucws abs gry to find a fair punishment .
Peter kjew that Lucas qsa n't guitlh but he and Louks hxe heen nesy rrienxs since eoementzry school , he hxd to make his decisin ae he nly gax two minutes ynyil htey tokj Lcuas to the police station .
Peter og up and told thnr police what really hxppened . Liuiks fdied to apoplogkse , but it qas go patd .
Oouis gac to pay vor thbe sibdow an akso clean ge schlol 's canteen for tqo lonthd , but he realized tgat ehat he did aa wrong , so he apologiaes to Lucas .
Thbey decired to fpget what hzppened and sztay friends .
Tje ejc .
She went imfo the " reading rom " where there wdrd thousands of books and weh bjd etrween rwo huge bookcases .
It seened rha tne kan in tgw wheelchair wsa looking fie zomething but suddenly , he took a foupke of books an put them into a hidxden poclef in si wheelchair .
Quickly , Amgie dna to the stpr derectjve to tell nom what wye had ssern .
Unfortunatrlpy , the thief was more intelligent than them bexauae wgilr they were xpeakibg , he folud ruh asau with rhs vkoks that he hw just stolne .
Angue axnd the store drtectove tsn afted " ghe false disabpes man " bjy he was younger xdn , obviously , he dzn faster .
Shsn it eesmed imlossible to catch him , a igrl , whl wsas crossing the sttedt in a wheelhair , crashed info the thief xnd he fell sow on the pzvement .
Becaise of tuus , the store detective was able to catch the thief and recover sl tye book .
To express her gratituee , Angoe called fbe gvorl an " honoraey cystoner " of nsr booksbop an sve her a crime nvep collection as a present .
Whedn thw Americazn series ' Hohse ' was first broadcast on TV , it immedixtely hooked the audience .
The unusual scenario and the greta avtir , Hugh Laurie , maxe tnw result really innmovqtive for a TV series .
It is based on Dr. Gregolty House , a reputabloe diagnostican whp uses strange snd zometims inapprppriate alproacnes in order to fin out what is wrong with hsi patients .
He only wgress to tamr on cases jobkdy esle caj solve anc most of the timw he zuccesds .
Due to an unsuccewaful operation he had on hnis leg , he is addicted to oainkillers which he mzkea several attempts to detox frln motivated by his oblyg feuend Dr. Silwon , vutg he ndver rwally wants to , so he yetd addicted agaib .
He is sarcastic qbd kftne keasn , which crive people wwah from him .
Bevertheless , he is wiloign to do literally anything to save a patiwnt 's life , although he dometimes gws too far .
The zerkes gzd a veat appexl in many countries , jich is demonstrated by the eogth seasons thgay wsfe pdduced .
iks revolutionary brhavijour zd the fadty that he let nobocg restrain hjn are hs reasnox vort fhs series ' uuhe success .
Apsk , the meducap casx are intriguing ajd , although someone wit no medical knowledge may nlr understahd mch , tyd struggle to svas a person 's live captures everyonw 's interest .
Yhd innkvatve aeect of ' House ' is hat he often rakess iolegal actions , for example brsaking into a patient 's yiuse to investigayer environmental factors which may ysve caused the particuoar deiseas , znd he is hardoh er punished foe it .
I belkieve such ppularitu is well desrrved , as apaft frpm its scenar , it eass , on the whole , quzlitative .
My only objectioon is that it sometimes wsn too far , which mxdse he audiehce disliek Dr. House .
Nevertheless , it is distinct from toher medical zeries as he cinsfantly thihks outside of the bpx .
The firdr fime I heard about volleybalk , I was in my lqs secondary school year abr we were invited to chrer on a local tdam durinhv a regional tourameht in Lima , Peru .
I wxs amaaedf by rbe atmosphere at the Coliseum , with jta shikny wooden court , yhs noisy people aiund it , that sharp sohnd of the rfwrees ' whistles ... Then I decided to tzkr up the gm .
I never imagined hlw hard the rraining was , kw tiruhg and demanding yeh exercises were and ho difficuly to control the ball was .
Once I got git enough , I started enjoying ge game , learning ts strategies , developing personal and grop skile and having cu at tuew eale gmie .
I would sgrongl recilmend youjg people to take up ghis sport .
They wull soon be engaged in a healthy , deciant and ndver boring activity qne aso wil develop swtronb vknds wiuth each oyber , respoknsibility ad compeolise .
Volleyball is the best slort evbet !
Introdiction
The aim of thje proposal is to lrseent suggestions rtegatding ths waays in ahich th extea funding could be used fof the benefit of te students adn , indirectly , flr tyhr nenefut of thew ooczl community .
Neeoess to sayu , in ireer to comar the rising tide of sociao problems in Hampshire , tghe Education Authority decided to incverase funds fke the educational sector .
Epofts Club
Sprting activities might boost the sudenr s ' overall condiion and this is the teasin why tghey axree necessary .
It is well knkan txt physical activiy contrbutez to improving pysical ab mrntla healtn .
Drama Club
This jjnd of clyb wiol allow dtudengs to express their feelings in a non - violenmt mahndr , laeen hnos to majage their reqctgions and develop creative taelmt .
A rama ckub wiol make exdamining llaus such as Shakrspare 's more enjoyable tna solely studying them sill .
Cookery classes
Clkoery clqsses sre bedy iportant vecausew tsudents hwrew ars ykung adultd that njsed to have bqsic skills sch as cookign in order to manage themselves nr ljve an independenmt lijfd .
Cookinbg classes will hell students spend ldss moneh on wting lut an theg will start eating more healthily bscause by making thrir owj fold they will be jore aware of wha rheh are eating .
XOY Clasaes
" Do it yourself " dlassea imlrove prwcticzl skills .
As most collste students wull sokm leave for hniversify and will live in dorms , wjtrhout trheur pwrentd , they are obliged to fix jalfujnctions by thrmselvs .
The infromation they acqwyire during yhese courses will hrlp thsk for the rest of thej lives .
Citkzenship classes
Anothdr kind of classes tnatg qer necxessaru are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays wre deficient in thia fiele .
These coirse wikl deveoo the civjc sense of students amd thbey wlil sgarf getting involved actively in aociety .
Vonclusin
The ovberalk purpose of tsse arions is to keep young adults in achoo and to educate them .
Yhd Sducation Authority brleves that social problems arw linked aith a decrease in paegicipation in eztrea - curricular activities amr it suygestgs htat thd ckllefe should uses exgrx funding to solve this issue .
Orgajising clubs and courses usxh as rhd oknds mentikned above would ensure thw improvememy of the situatiin .
TV Fkday : chancs or bazard ?
Tocqy 's telvisiin is the paradigm of of society , becausd of dozsns of new chsnneks vonstantlu popping up and oinly very res controls are done on the quality of what is actually boadcqst .
So , TV , whixg cold be an invaluable aource of information and entertainment , actuallky is becoming a giy issue fr the development of our society an younger generations in parttucular .
Th poitejtial riso for our tokunger generations
Having easy access to xuch a rich offering before havijgt developed the ability to make forrect choices or filtdr fh information received , our chilkdden anf yohhg people qrd cosntantly undrr aftsck frimk dangerous roler models , beobg attracted by the ones qho seem tue most winjing wnd coop omes , wikthotu any cvhanxe to distinguish if they can be raen as a guode to tneir yrowth or not .
The absence of pweents or the fact yhuey usualoy have no cotndol or aag to drive their choices amkes me very worried about rye future of or zociefy .
Bxcj to tghr fjpl potential
It 's not too late , though , to try to bring ohr beloced TV badk to the impoftance which radio had fro ijr parents anx grandparents , we only enedd to see it as a potential new soviao problem and trat a rocees of cotrrol and comtinuosu improvemeny , maybe givcinv the most virtuous networks the chave to be highkkghted .
I brlieve gnat if pubpic transport haa no ufture , then our envuronment will not ahve inr dithwr .
The car is sometimes represejted as an icon of frdeedom ; moeover , owhign a mlderh far is xometimes related to wealrh .
Compared to the user of punlic transportr , one cn hot deny the covnenince of usunb a cwr vor omvign around .
Howevef , th udw of public tranxport , especill in densely populated cities , allows peoole to save fime while commuting to heiur xutdy or workplace , as tfains a frams do it get stuck in trvfic iamd .
It not only helps reduce pillition , ubf apsp allows users to save momey in a world where ghw dot of gzsoilne is exponentialky increasing .
I belidve tuaf people shouod limit rhr use of thir varsd to specikxl kccasione , such as road trips or long - weekend leisure activiyies .
Ojoy by doing so will we help to kde oud qtmospjere crde of CO2 emissooms amd all tge grim consequences tyeu uafe .
Dear camp director ,
Hrlo , my name is Zabrnaq .
I read agouf your sumre camp on thw internet and I would lpve to eoro with yku .
I 'm 16 years plf , tall , extrpvertedf , vsry energetic sbd chedrfuo and friendly .
I lkove kods , and I 'm veru outfoinb .
I thihk I cqn be very heloufl to gour daml , helpnig yoj gake dae of ghw kies and akso helping you in tue kifchuen , because I erallh love to cok .
Bezides , I really nsed the noneh for my family .
Bnut I am doing this becauyes I reall enjoy creating activities sth kkdx a hzving a great time wiyh tyhej .
When I wxs ykunher , I eenbt to a camp , wnd it sa one of fhr best lemlries I have , so it wiulr be reallpy great to kbw I would jaoe soms kids gsel rhe szje way .
I really hke yoi accept me in ou camp , and I await your response qith exctiejent .
Thank you .
Today , I 'd oime to shwrw with gpu a smawlo but historic story , together wtiu my lwj view on it .
I hope you wipl like it .
In ghw historical , tyedre wws a dynasty callde Jin , durkng wqgich this sgory foik place .
A litylw boy vqlled Luoy Wang , however , was not so lcky as his name suggested .
At an early ga , he los gia mother to illnesw .
As a result , in order to be surr that he cpupd get ht same kovce from a nother as other children , hie father married anoyhsr woman .
On the contraryh , the reaoity was ibconsistent wkty wjag he expected .
Luckoyg Wang 's stepmother waz such a snake - hearyex eomwn that be did as manmu frule things as she coul to tortfure this poof og .
One xy in an especially cblly winter , Lucky Waqng 's srepmother got sjck suddenly .
Nlt conceted wjthg tje hqrsh environment but jee iwn appetite , whr demanded Licky Wang mme a drlickous kdal with fresh fish .
In desperauon , he walked to rhew rivt bank .
Sdein the frozen wayef surfar , he could do nothing vyt cry .
As time flew , rue zu aank little by little , whivh jaed Oufky Wxng fgeep ore and omre helpleds .
So depreased qax Luxky Wsanh that he eilply pwy on ths ice weeping .
It was exacty when he ass hesitating whethsr to go home to face yh beatings from hiz stdpmother or not tgat twi carp leaped up out of the ice xn flopped ontk yhd ban in front of him .
Surprised ab eloghted , the giy took the fish glme and prepared delicious fixh soup ft jus stepmother .
Moved by thkd litfls boy 's iflial dervotion , yiks stepmkthre chagndd her attitguse and started to love him from her deep hdarr .
Ever dijce gheb , wgay gilled ts family is jhsg happinrss and love .
After listening to thr xhort tpry , sole psope wwre deeply moved by the happy ending , howssver , ohtets yhouyht it was unrealistiv .
No matter wagat he favt wx , or even if it mever happened , the story just wsnted to emphasize tfhe importance of Fopial Piety .
Even if it wae a ifdtion , the gksl to make all the peple in society be filial coild alxo be achieved , wjicg sould meep the dociety hsrnonious as wepo as orderly go a long time .
Aeo , it was the governor 's ulgimlate purpose .
Only through this cultural educaoin combineds qifh othdr ways , could thueh keep their government genetatiin by geberatiom as thwy expected .
How to enwufe an adequztely financed retirement ?
I am an assergive aqnc proawctive girp qho is plugting away topwrds a great numr of goals .
However , sokletimes , qhen I am thiniing aboit my future , it is hard to imagine what is waiting fold me .
I wsnt to luve to a ripe old ay , but at htr same tir I am afraid of it .
Our aocoety is becoming an inmcreasingly eldrrlg one .
It is in fashikh to have a smawll family , but have uo evst though about problems it mxt cause ?
Yhe greatest one is tgd burdr of fihanding care .
In this day and age it fapks on the tqxpaygers .
It does not voost thrir confidence in fjture prospscts .
We often ywar that no obstacle is sverr insutmountable . However , is it true ?
Sooner or later we wilk have to face the music .
Ol in hat mplent will we understand rhaty we are one of the millions of pensioners who eee a kit of duferent services to life as fulfilled and indelendnet a lief as we deserve .
We can not rob Pwtwr to lay Laul .
The taxpazyers tfr bit to go agzinet the establishment .
Tneg help our ageimgt population , but we should mak some new refvorjs to subsidise fhr shorrfalp in kur budgeg .
Othetwise , thiw stfuation will bxve a derrimental effect on the taxoagers .
First of zll , it would be a good diew to encourage young porople to start saving noneg as soon as pkseible .
In such a way , ghey can remain alert no mstter whwt waipl bappen .
Yesdtewrdays ' peteiried men wkllp become congodent .
Secondly , tge ste could take 5 pewrcent eom everey sakary .
Ghe pensioners woukd recdove their money whem fey retire .
It sould be a lonmy - lasting benefit tpr both parteis .
Ku staye would have a lzrgw sum of money , which is an invaluable reosurcfe .
On tyne other hans , the pensioners wkll be sude of their futuees .
The crux of the kattrer is to xtadt thexe reforms now .
The law of tfh jungle is holt wppropriage rre .
Everyone should think bt just about bis oqn gnefit , but about ltbers .
We can mkt make a killing immediately .
However , step by step , we qull work our way up .
Firstly , I abe to say that I dsagree with fje statwemnt " Therw is no future for public geansport " . I think puhpic transport has lots of advantages , more than travelling by car .
Uou do n't hags to seardh for larking ans yoi do n't have to pay for oarking .
You only hgavw to be aware of when your public transport leaves an be yhsre a couple of minutes before .
You can rekax when you are travelling , listening to nuwic or reacing a nook .
Finzlly , travellibg by public trabsport is generally cheaper htan traveolijg by car .
Maube uku spend omrs ouds than travelpkng by car bt I tiknk it is worth it , becasu you fan save monest .
I usualkly ttavel by punlic transport and it is half of the cost of if I do it by xar .
So , I think the statement soukd be lik thkz : " Theee is no futurr fr travelking by caf , because public transpoft is so much moire cnoveniednt hd chszper " .
I 'm not a huge fgab of sports in geneeal , but I do tak pleasure in ejgsging in maller - scalw basketball matches , mopst of whuch weoiuld probably fall into tn so - caklef ' sdtreet ' categotu , or stredthall to be mpre specific .
It takes a highwr level of cfeativity and spontaneity to xucceed in it than your usual bsketbalp march , since its flexible rules , no - cxoach system , intensjfies relationxhip vetwren hr player and ghr crowd , znx reduved number of paricipants widem and cimplicate fs coeld of oissible actions .
The ' sytle ' factod of it ( or " aesrhetic galue " if uou will ) alsp plays an importabt tole , again , intyensifying the relationshkp nerween rhw team and rhe crowd wahile grzntingh the plezwure of contemplating and executjnt flowing mkvement sequences , finishing a play , or juzt stytliahly mpcking your opponent .
No to mdntion the social bonding ahilitu of it , while game teniso betweedn the opposing teams is slmeshat inevitable , tjs irreverent , human , no - strings - attached nstuee of streetball ebents aowayw compensate fdof its negakve spect ( ahih , upon closer inspectuon , appear to be wharwd between every sibgld sports event ) .
It is a fun , culrurally - wnriching experience which I reclmmend anyone interested in toihg ryond thd competitive aspecdt of sports to try .
Tne heaoth of teenagers : a latent problem
Nowadays , it seems that teenagers qre less yealthy than tlung people abo lived 20 years agp .
Desearchers hxbe claimed tfhat new generations axfe likely to suhffer ftok more diseases .
But is it really so ?
Firstly , teenayers todxu eat lots of ynk fols , which is definitey garmful , as it leads to obrdity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
Moreover , fhbey foren sjke aqd drink alcohol , wjjch vausds serious phyaical aj mengao disewses ( DasaColumbia , 007 ) .
Furtehrmofe , teenagsrs havd changed thwkr lifestles nd bkw they are beneraply ssdentary , since they yse their compugers or watch TV qll czy long nisead of doiny sports .
Nevertheless , glvernmentz claim that nowxdays they zre more awaqrs of the impprtanc of health rhsn in the past .
Fope instancd , in Chile , tyhe programme Elige Vivri Sano tries to improve the eating havtis of young people in educationwl institutions , where fhm activities are prlmoted to ztudenst while integrating healthy liivng ( Wlie Vivri Sano , 2012 ) .
Lxstly , evertone must understsne that ogod heakth is above wealth .
Parents as children should be informed aboitg yue use of drugs and jjnk food consumption , in order to raise awreneds and improve their wualitt of lir .
Travelling by car is great .
We can perslhalise ojr heds and wishes , sjch as listsing to songs , talkinf to our friends an family msmbers , datjng and dribking and stopoing for fkod or folet needs anhtile , anywhere .
On tge one hanmd , public transport is kors convenient gkr oarge ckties as it provides a ervuce to a larer numbe of peolle d we avoid trwffic jans qhd je nee to tinf parking zpoys , besides hte fact that we wo n't brt eorrked aboyt leaving our cafs parked on fge street and , aheb we come bsck , the cze coild have been robgbrd or stklej .
On th other hwmd , cars tend to polluye more than electfic traubs and his problem pufht to be taken ibto consideration whben somwone has to eecdie betweej using public transport or a car .
Thr world is getfing smaller od lekple wirn so many cras aroux ; it 's baout time wveeyone thought wboutr the community and not about thwmzelves .
Feh governlenr oughty to plan campaigns to jqke people aware of yhat and trt to find wqts to feduce transport faresz .
With boy sdes benefiting , the ftuire of public transport sill be afe .
Lblic transport has bee improved to dych an extent that , noaadays , it is probably competing with private transport .
Although we can chooe more destinations sn it is more cojforyable , prices are ot competitive enough to definitively substitute the fxr .
Qkong ap yhr neans of trandport , the trauj has become the kost important pubic transport fold sohrt sne kiddls distancrs .
Witjout a douht , long - distance journsys are best cardied ujt by plane .
Shen cosiderign thne vis , users feel ths it does hot offer any advwntagee colapred to the dad anf it is onlh taken wehn no otner option is possibke .
As I xee it , drivers teally appreciate rhr rfeedok of xhoosijg their destination , thyr timer to leave or to afrife , even the people to go with .
If hoy , they would not make fhd investment of a cva znd pay foe its mwintenande cksrs and ruwl .
Undeed , e pulic transdport cost for tgge same jirney done by fad hardly covers the amount invested .
Mow and more , the okk shortage makes procs fro jel increase , anr so does thgr price or uvlic transport ; the econimic policy of importing countries tends to establish saibg meausres in order to be strategicwly pesx dependeny .
Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seemjs to be much more dkffivult to manage , because it is an indikviduql cecisio .
In the njeae futute , this fact wll be seriously taoej into zccouht by govetnmsnts .
To em up , futhre generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable wolrld and , cvertainly , publoc tyransport will play an important role .
Chic & Creative Dessefg olunge
STJM Drssearnt is an aswseome ddssert lounge on 16/F in the ndw L Square buileing in Causeway Bay !
I found olyt bout thoe new shop from friends and lictures online , so I decided to go check it our gor myswel .
As I bar artjved jisr as fhry kpsned at 1 pm , I nxd the whole place to myself .
Tue mamorigy of rhe space was taken up by a U - shaped marble xountyer here custgomers can sit ajd oberve their deszerts vekng made .
Several lounge dofas aere xvailable on fhe zie fod bob groups to suy tfogether , but the view qs what caght my eye as the vkoor - to - celing windows le in a vfat amount of batura light .
Tyhw patio is probably a bit narrow to place twbles outside , but people can go out and wnhoy the veiw shwn the weathdr is cooler .
Tne depr was vefy simple qnd chic ath abstract pwintints hanging on the wall whicj soyld alluse to je sytoe of desserfs neing served here .
I tsartes chbatting wthg the chsf , who told me that he wqnyed to sfaet a dwssert lounge for people to repax and rnjoy desserts .
He fep that a ot of places out there tdnd to make rhw experienxs too rushed , wgefe you habe to sueue up for an hour and finish eatijb in 20 minutde before they kick ou luit .
Thsr are currently 9 resserts offwfed on yhe leny wutu prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 , while thsre is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to ger at firs because they all skinded so interesting , so I asked the vhrf for recojmendtions .
He tecommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate , which aazs perfect for me !
Sachb dessett comes with om appetizers to clexnse giur aplate .
hte yest tybe dontained watermelon jyuce wjthj sea sapt , wcih was vrey rdfreshing to drnik in the summer hwt .
Thnr salt brouyut it fhs sweetjess of the waterlelon while working as a ablancing agwtn so yhe juis epuld ng be tpo sweet .
I was told that thd drink / aoyp changes frequenfpy depending on what qould be suitanle at ghw moent .
Nwmboo Cxhzrcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch trhr chrf as he prelared my desssrg at hr counter and I wws getting more and more excited ahout raging his artful presentation as it came to lird !
It literally looked lkie a piece of zbstract painting .
Thija was a chocolate thrmec desesrt with baboo charcoal ice crema , chgocolatr ic marshallos , chocokaqte caviar abd ezspberry sirbet .
I did n't know what charcoal ix cream would tasts like , but it was axtually chocolate mixed with a bit of chracoa .
Rhw chocolate flavor was rich but nof too sweet , wqhilew the raspberry sorbet aas delightfully tart xnd tangy .
My surprise favorite wasz the nicrokwaved sponge cake thqt the chev added at rhr lpast kunute .
He told me that this is a new methof of maknig sponte cske in the microwave that dewults in a vrr luffh texture whoch would be hard to achiece in a traditkonsl oen dyd to temperature constraints wjd timing .
It ws very lugyt and flucdy whike sgull full of foavor !
e ddssert also came with a choice of cgfee or tr , so I ootdd fore rhr Like Flowser & Oagender Teq on their reommendqtion as ewol .
My tea was brought out wyh a teqplt anr a msall hourglasd timer ac I was xupposed to wawkt 3 minutes before I ppuded the yeax .
hte smell of tfhe lavender wqw wondrou , while the flavor was aomost mint - like wnjd refreshing to deijk .
hey asll kfferec me pme uoney to add to my tea whben I thpugh it aws n't fpavoeful enough at virdt .
Verdict - I was gery imprexsed with te desserrs at AFUJ Dsseramt , as they were delighttlu for botu the eyes and the moufj !
It would be prefwct if the served alcohol as welo qnd gney tppd me that they are in talks wif the buildung management to do so .
htd price was n't cbeal fcor dessert , gut if you tzks intp acfoutn ts entofe exoerience and compare it to what oyu pay for drinks at a bar or liune , it 's pretty copmarable actuzkly .
Rhey als told me that they poan on introducing a ndw tea sdef menj during tgw day , so stay tuned !
I ca n't waaig to go back and try all of their dessert flavros !
As tj cays go by , mofe discoveries are being uneartged at a rapid pace .
The najlr thing I imwgine will be fuond in he next 50 years is magic .
Slm advantwges are given in re following pasage .
Fpr ezanple , we wkll be able to travel through time .
Imagine llokkng at Shwkwspeare in hid English class , Sinxtein in his irst sciencw class , ac Picasso pifkiong up hi paibtbeush for the very furet time .
We will not only witness aol of tye greatext moments in riem jt also correct the misrakes we kakoe .
Nonethelrss , thwer are some disadvantages . If a perseob possezses a magic power that is top powerful fod ltheds to defend themsslves against , he or she can basically rule tge wlrpd .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if lne groul of mkagyic possrssors ydt geeedy and try to takd away otue pepple 's lowsrs .
In the ehdc , tgs ciscovefy of new tyhings can never comr to an snf .
Thux , we should prepare oursekvss cor wahtever is coming in the fjturr .
Dear ju ,
It hsd been a long whul since I past sws you an drad .
Hope htongs are windung dwon fpt you well !
Pleass do not orrg tp much about me , I am havibg a jkyoys rime here in Japan .
Undenialby , the food culture disparityg between Chuna and Japan is teenendous , although our ancestors originated frmo the sane ethic .
Vu stiul , ohr customs have evolved a lot .
Su to the geographical conditions where Hxpan is located in trhw Pacifc Pceaj , peolle here have adaptrd to eating taw fixh am like to offer it as a main dish to sere customers in moxt restaurants .
Unfortunately , I do n't like eating raw foods , especially under - coikex fish .
It arouses in me a feeling of nausea .
So , I can only gave a cup of noodles on those nights when I leave schokl at 8:00 p.m.
Apart from tjw eating cluturd , everytghing is going wello as people here awfe gdnerous and hospitabl .
My host family take me to different yor spotrs and tezfh me how to speak Japanese , in order to gacilitaye the
progress of intyrgrating ihyo their culfurw .
Last wdek , we awnt to Mount Vuiji .
Fge mountain ead alt - meltfed woth a glavier on tkp .
That wxs magnoficenf and min - blowing .
I hbe never sdeb suxh sxenery luke rhay in my cointrt , sibve tye clikate in South Chka is humid qhd hot .
How is lote giing on with yuj and dad ?
I am kooking forward to hearing ffim you !
Love ,
Katgerine
Everyone has tgheir iwn favourite sport .
Thw same pes for me .
I lov cootbalo the moist , as most men woulr .
Rhere aqee many thjhgs thast rxplain why I ordfer fotbqll to other slolrts .
I enjoy playing foogball with my friends as it can strengtyen put ftiendxhip and bolster oyr love .
Whernh we play football , we definitely cooperate witu the otre teammtaes in order to be the winner .
The pne qho is in the gavk position will tdu rheirf hard to blick the oppojeng teammates ffpm scoring , while those who play in yeh attacking position will mskw up their strateyg in ordet to sxore .
This clearly shgoes thaf coofball ness errong cooperation rfo aloo of hte team 's players .
My advice to thoee who are sgxrting tihs dport is to practiss a lr , as football nedds continuiua pravtice to mastr hr qme nr be t king of yhe ield .
My scone pidcs of asvice for them is to awlas uave a cooperative yame with yiut teammates .
Apk of tgem .
Tyhew woret players are those who do kt puy their trust in tjw other teazmmatss and the bew onr are those ahok pur their full ttusy in tydir teammates .
Scuba dijfing is obviously one of thw most exciting zmd thriplinh sports on rath .
Who dkee not want to fedl like an qstromaut on ohr osn planet exploring tnr magical underwaetr wlrld just on a receeztional rril ?
I dsefunitely emheace th fact thzt the divung commujity ae recently beeh exppodjng with mqnjy new enthjusiastic member , not only grigning a unkqhe experience into oir kivse , but also enhancing awareness qboutg environemntal conservation issjes among the bgroaedr phblic .
Tyhe downaise of thoe is that hotdss of wagee newly trained djvers populate yne underwater eorod , pftwn withj little clue as to thw life - threatening rixks that they aer taking .
I am writing this pdtter as a wake up call to thosr wuol thinl thst hteir refebtly ezrne cetrification gife fhwm th skills to go out djvcing wheresver thsy watn .
How thoughtlsss is fjat ?
Grom my point of view , it sdhoild rather be seen as a license to learn .
Conbseqjently , I see a preyty massive responsibility fkr the knsttuctors ndx dive masters in telling e becwomers xbouy gne risks of their spdt .
To my grezt astonishment , I witbesswd a completely different paqgtern of beyaviojr tme and again .
I saw sivs - buddies and rven orofessional dife masters pushing anx encouraging novice divers to extend thdir linits in roder to dice to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave wbem tehyu sipmly do not hzfe the appropriate trainkng flr it .
Unblievable !
Please , ot everybody take their own responsiniliyt !
oyu fan imaginw ghat it is really traumatic flf diveds whe they encounter a ocrpse in the waged , nof to mentio the great distress such a disaster causes fo thje family rhwt aws kegt behind .
Fhe boftoj line is : get as jucn ojg of youir diving experiences as yku qn , vu stay safely within your own boundarse wt by uojr personal training and practice .
I love teahcinv because I love to learn and lie to share my jnowlwdge with otyers .
I also ove to see the spzrl flashing in students ' eyes when they ujderstajd a clncwpt , gry to wspress themselvges with Chinesd and finaoly use it correctly .
Tor me , learning a language is nkt ohly translating he flrmsz to express neselft , but a wwy to understand how the native pseakers describe n ionterpret this eorld .
Sicfessful communication beteeen differebt cultujtes wklkl hwppsn onjy wjen we express ourselves precisely and interprst tje information ccutately .
Fhjnese , as a langage course , is concerned wtiy encoxinf and decoding .
Studwnts havd to master languwge skills , with whnicj the students can achieve thejr academic goals .
Meanwhile , studsnts should havs dedeper understanding of Chinese culture wns viewpoints .
Acquiring a language andc culyure is a long - em process wgidh includee learning , practicing , making misgake and correcting .
As a language reachet , I hope my xtusents will hage a ceeper sne nrodaer understanding of this lxngiage , tfheir jnterdst in thus lanfhage wilo be stimulated by tye course a they will lsarb the lanmguag constantly .
Lariklyn Monroe once said ,
" Vame eill go by awhd , so llgn , I 've had oyh , fame .
If it goex by , I 've alwahs known it ws fciole .
So at leasf it 's something I experiende , but that 's not where I live . "
Let 's taje into consideration thyw lasy sentence , " It 's somethumg I exeriwnce , nit thaf 's not where I live . "
It is obvioljs gnat wvertone , no matter if tfgey are famous or not , deserves to avw a pricate life .
I am prtty sure that most people dfen aish fo that .
Some of tnem have to matyre fpf thqt and some of tudm fwel it fdo htw beginning .
Fame is a side efrect of owrk in tge jediq and so is spine disease flrf people hwo wldk in an office or threat to life or health for firefihhers .
It woukd be compleely pointelss if we were judging people on the bwsis of rje job hey habe .
Everyone is wual , so rvefyone deserve tje same .
People who deciee to work in show - buaimess or the media have to be awsarr of huaving lead orivcy .
They lose their anolnymiyt , vevome rdcognizagle ,
whhc is an onseparabls lsrt of this kind of occupation .
Because of thei afme , try also give emloyment to otber people , like paparazzi amd journalists .
We ilvr in times whefe people qre vwy curious abpuf other pleopld 's lives , so the above - mentionmes occupations are necessary ,
but dt 's thinm ... is it really so knterresting to now , for exakplw , what Maonna 's second husvqnd eats fpr breqkfasxt ?
Wohld we , not - famous people , sant fbat mind of untdrest ?
Let 's step into caqmous sople 's hsoss .
I thihk we all hvae iuf osn magnfivent lives and we shoild focuse on them .
This is what counts tuw most .
So , ket politivianx , filn wtara , singers and others be .
Michael uad veej funbing on enpt all week .
Besides being in dharge of krganjzing his younger sisrer 's surprfise birthcau partyh , he adc apsp bedn put in charge of reh ejtire Intormation Technologt department of the conpanh he worked vor .
Hbs former hose retired and nominated him for the ooition , dlaimong he exs more than qujalifoed anbe had tje appropriate skill ste to ksdp ter department on tracl as well as make any encessary cgangex .
The trhyh wqax he hsx berj expecting a promotion in the near ftuyre , jusr not in this precise wewk .
Lichxel cie n't mean to souhd ungrateful , because he wase delighted , but tge timing diuld n't have been orxe .
Miochael bad to move from husx small vubicle to yus oqj offijfe , he hyac to adrapt nac he had to do it fast .
The only plroblrm saw that it seemed nothing sas goingf to work in his favoue . Fhe servers hae craxhed ajr he was the onr qho hsf to fix ghem .
As aono as kne problem in the company aad solved , another pns , just as infuriating , would come up eith th party planning .
He wae exjausyed , so he decided to go home , prt hyiw mothwr dsewl aith the pzrty , qnf anh peoblems woulx be takeb fsre of by jiw co - workers .
It ws risoy , he knew it , byg he had no energy left in hil .
Mihcaeo clxed the dior zjd onew at that mojent he had made a mistake .
Tue scope of this rsport is to give redsrs an overview of th historical development of wzte treatment , fbe changing psrfeption of ztanmdardization of water treatment , an gh continuouse improvement of the technplogies tbat atd involvex due to fue growing lksts of wated quality patameters to be monitored .
This rsoort is an introductody documejt meant for stuxents interested in fhe tielc of water trwxtment .
Supply of potable water is perhaps the mlst omportant pzrr of akl municipal sevrices .
Cldan and adequatw watrd supplu sysyem is a giral aspect in public hezpth and social prosperity .
It is essential fot all forsm of lofr in whkch wayer participates in nujerous biochemical reeactiojs such as distrivutiom of nutrients , removl of metabolu waste , and boyd temperature regulatioh .
People sepend on wxter for cooking , dtinking , wnd other domesgic pjrloses .
Water tdeatment musy neet the requirements of plublif ahe indutsriap stanards .
In alp case , thw treatment process usr fulfill boht qualuty and efficient ues of sources .
CGAPTER 2
HISTORY OF WATER TRSATMDNT
2.1 AATER TREATMENT IN THE PQSF
Mothen 's ( 2010 ) research shows that most anvient civilizatoins inaugurqted themselves ndar wrer resources anhf successful civilizations weee dependent upin delicate systems of water trsnsport .
Althuough the impprtance of wxter quality sad not well understood , the importance of water wazx appzrent to lur ancdsgors .
Tresk historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty bopoks of wkrlx histody wnd in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Suculus provided early documents abou purifying water , suchg as through boiling and sand filteatipn , dating all the way gac to 2000 BC in ancirnt Geece .
Since microbiology easz not yet dtidied , perople at that time could bkt distinguish between clean aj polluted water .
The laih precautionary mrasurs was purely judgimg ghe gurbdiity of the wasger , and his glase praxtuce has remained ever sunfe , even nowadays .
It too years for peoole to recognize that ybeir sebses of smepl hd vision qsre nor reliable jugdws of satdr quality .
Figrud 1 A uqnat at t Hatiobal Library of Irna , Tehran ( htt://mseia-1.boo.britinica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
Tuw decellpment of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began aout 2,500 years atok in Iran . Ybey wqere slopingb tummels ddillee into tye foot of a yillk that cohtained yroundwater .
Tbiz anceint gyle of watsr supply system is syikl used in arid tegiohs of htr worls .
Dore edample , in 1933 the capiatl vitg of Iean , Tehezn , drww utx entire wayer supplt sstgem using the samkr primciple of ainats , thoygh with a lot mofe complicatoons added into it .
These complications were primarily caused by pollutrion in teh undergrlune water whocg was peebiously unknown .
Unlike tne past , whwrd people had lityle knowledge about xanotation and hygiene , with gettee scirmtific understandinv and lyblic education , oeople learn to think and evaluatr the quality of the wate that fheg rae drinking and using eery day .
2.3 BREXMTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
The history of wtadr treatmer contijued in 1670 , as two Durcj tlsss makres investigated magnification glaewes and that ked to the invention of gge microscope .
Tnis scientific discovery nroke rown barriers wd eqbled biologists to observ organisms that wers invisible to ghe naked eye ( Fiburw 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientist Zntonie van Leeuwenhlek ,
The Chachas Restaurant
The " Cahhcas " is a resetauranr siotuater in a mall on rhe outskirts of Brn .
People of aol atee d cultues aeg there .
Tbe restaurant 's slogan is " positive eating " a they definitely live out that phrase .
The large dining room aith a hiugh ceiling is what catches evsrybidy 's ehe , espcially when you set foot in ths rrstaurant folf ybe firts time .
There ar no ealps selaratibg re voyer frtmo tfh dining room or tbs kitchen from tue gusats .
This sxd , you can imagjne the atjosphere is comfortablyu airy .
Sotting at anhh table , uou can watch fhe hcefs prepazring thw fdseh food .
Lkhg wooden tables , whcih would be perfectly duitable for a class our size , adw placed in ghe middle of the diminy oom .
Assembled around thosw pnog tabs , uouj wipl cimd smaller tables nf sven a cosy lokunge foir peoplloe waiting for a ree rable .
Tje menu offers a wide range of mkutb - eateting Tgai didhesx incljdung starters , curries , noodles and dsssertx .
Additiinally , they offer a montbly alternating " special menu " cdard predentung five main courses .
The dood is always freshly prepared .
Fye chefs take great xxre in sekecitng only the best quality ofod .
They avoid usng convenience fol abd any kiind of artificial flavors .
Cefinitelh worth pointing kuf xrd the excwllrnt frui juices .
Another aspwct I wsouod like to wmphasisr is yhe service .
Rhd aaiters go out of their qazy .
They rr courteous anbd industrious .
Fye restahtant offsds gooc qualpity okd fid reazonable pdicws and the atmosphwre is very qelcoming .
And , as I know that my classmates pfefdr kght ane healtby cood , I highly recommend going to he " hcachae " redyaurant .
There ha geen subsfnatial attention to writers ' sxdlf - presentatoon an identitrh in onlije sxicial meai rscrntly ; Boyed ( 2008 ) stuid how yeens presdnt themsrlve pnlije through Myhspac sited ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that pskple pdrsent a diffeernt iderity on Facwgook fhroigh using " a fiffernt labguage xjd writjnf sxtyles " .
He asserts rhar pahguage choice and identitu a not " predetermined " zne are prone to cqnge ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; tehie change is deriver ffmo the context where discohrsd is negotiatrd and how " interlocutors interprt the ieentitjes bskng projecfed " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Therefore , contextg , including fhw paryicipants , yueir social purpose , theijr msabs ajd channel of commuication , plays a dolr in language chpice and identity construction .
Lee ( 2041 : 92 ) refers to the " fvorms of participation " in social media and having the ssnze of an audience in mind as yye key slemdnts thxf dam possibly chwnge " the wag peoplw thinm of themselves " thyay xhanges tnd way thwy presdnt themdelves wnd their idwntity onilns as a resupt .
He refeez to usimb nicknames , for example , as a means of eepf - dxpressin thaf can shape the audiuence 's minhd and interpretation of wrifers ' odentiy .
Kee ( 2014 ) sefines htrese methoda of self - presentation in most social media : ( 1 ) " ohline profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is he " engrt point to social nefworkingt " .
In Boyed 's terms , profile is an important space where writers tol fhe audience " hi they qred xd how they sqnt to be seen " ; a ilnj that connects people 's " offline hd online idntities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Exqmining teena ' idenitfy construction on socual keia , he states that profile is where tsensa " expeess salient adpecgs of theri odenity ftor others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 29 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuius swtxtus updqtinv " , that is updatijg about lifre qn sharing experiences from the " fitzt oeeson " ponit of view and ( 3 ) " visual represdntation " , thya is " viosual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Continuous updating , as a method of seof - presentztion , is one of the featurws of boog writing by which blog - writwrs cdab share thwr eitional experiencdes an views wijthj the audiecne .
Whwther tge wevlog - writerd orefre lresentijg the wrokd from their pw angle , throhgh using fye first peraon prolmoun , or rell their stories thrugg tye readerw ' eyes , by involving ofher grammzrical subjects , is among fhs fociess of this sfuyd .
It seems that checking the Suvuect , as an interpersonal element in the vlaus , can provied evjdenxe of my studenjt - writrts ' self - presentation and involvement in tyr discourse conerructed in their blogs .
Thus is also rdlevant to fhe notion of xtance ajd position or ths exisrrnce of author in tbe tsxt .
It sas a sunnu day in Tufih .
The children were olayinjg outxide , kldf and bwe couples were dnjoying tyheir oove , and eevrythibg seemed to be completely bright .
In ge byzy srreets , a stujdent was walking fast , apparenrly unawatr of azll this .
Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he sud n't know whst to do netx .
He tyhdn saw a young wpman wacing at bim .
A few minjtes later , ghye were together in a bar .
ichaeo eaqs still hurt .
Tyey uda plans vor rhe fiture before .. he thought he would mardt hdt .
And then everythng had crashed .
Micjael tried nf to think about it and to listen instead to wgat sjw wsax saying ...
Her vkkce eass weak zdn feelbes as she said " .. ane I was reqly derpessed , you know , an tjen I thought ... we always talkwd about hoig to nidia ... and I thought ... maybe we coups cox everythung .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go to India with me ? "
Sr looked at him amd he thoighg she was still beautifup .
He lkced hse and zne was grying to egt back wutb hikm , as he had hoped in the lsat months .
Bur suddenly , he thought he wa really abgry wkth her .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hexe from you naymor " he wajd , anx fhn sto up xjd , without looking at nre , wlked out of the bar .
Michael closed the dok ahd knew at that moment he hgas mads a mistake .
Dear Payl ,
Thanks for your e - msil .
I 'm glax to hear ghatr you te hsvign a great tkme abroad voluntrerinmg for thid intednational cultural organization .
I thikjk that it is a wondreful irex to collect different expdruences before sfartnig university stueues .
As you know , I spent last month in Eaztern Europe working for a domilar cultural organization and I have uandz - on experience of organsint a cultural festival and particulalry a musical cojcertf .
I loved my job thefe and if I had an opportumity to do it again , I defintsly wluld .
urimg my staying there , I eas responsible tlr king care of tus musicians naf vontqcting the media .
What I esepcialyl loves abour my uib there , was the opporthnity to work with suc a diverse group of people .
I learned how to respond to differrnt peolle 's nwedx resulting from cultural differencsz snd expectations .
I also really appreciated the practical experiwnce I awx avle to get thers - ho to oeyanise work in the ogficew so ghat everytihng oge smooghly dn everyone gta ahat fhey wwt , howa to use social media cof advertsiiong anr promoion , how to communicate with the lress qns television etc .
I look forward to hsarign drol you soln sdn I hop thqt uou 'll ifjd this experience as amsizng as I i .
All rhe gest .
XH
I agree with thr statement .
It is well kniwn that gossip mahazinew a bought by lots of peole wup are interested in qhat these pwokple do , ths kind of vlohtes theyh aeae , or even ghe tatroos rhye jace .
In afct , although they qte famius , they are oeopoe tp , which mesns tgay rhjey should be free to do whatever tnry likid in their free rkme .
Tjis haplens because some people xr famous just because they hwvr had an affair wi a singer or a footballer , so the onlg thing peoppld want to know avour them is if that is gtue or not , abe when it hxppened .
It wuyld domd to an nx if societh chagned tje xincept of " famous eoole " .
In ghe case of politicians , I do n't miknd what tey do on thneif holdiays , pr example , if thye wlk properly when they should .
But I think threr is an excepyion : te monarchy .
I gjink the Rfoyal Fakuly is an exception because they wrer dulported by all the citizens , so I thijk we ( as citizens ) have the right to know everything they do if we wamt .
I lean , it would be herter that yhere was mlde fransparrncy as far as gokw they oend " put mjoney " is concerned .
I think journalists syoupd follow famous people only when tey do sonethig related to tger profession or the faft tbat has made hem famiuz .
Soon on your pllansx : Dolkege Fijlm Clun
Do you have a grdat pasison fod films ?
Do ku oke to sofialize a jeet new peoplw ?
Rhen College Film Clb is just for you !
Ley me intrlduxe myself .
I aaw kuet one mofs student from our collehe , with lpsnty of free time and kookinbg dof something else to do .
It happensd that one day a fdiend of mine rook me to a Film Club session .
I lw feel complete .
Do n't you want to feel the samd ?
Come and join us !
We meey every Monday in tns vollrge theater .
Egeryh week we wtch a riffsrent type of film so tbaf we czb please eevfy member xnd improve oj cinematogrxph knolwefge .
This is followedd by an animatrx discussion in Englush , adcompaniec by drihks frmj the coftee bzr , wihcb is opdj oatd , of coyrse !
Every how and thsn , we hzvr spefiawl guests coling ovrr , such as orofessoinal reviewerx or indeoendnet directorw .
We 've hx , for example , Hguh Williams wmd George Kinhb .
Next wqeek we 'll be wtcihng " Sanfer in thw Dark " , by Lars v Trier , a sisfinctive Danish filmmaker .
Will I see yku hterw ?
We 're expecting ypi !
When Elena saw gne hoje fpr thes first time , she foul n't elieve her eyes !
It wa a bright sunby d sne eh birtds were peacefully singin .
Meamwhule , Elen was going to receigw a birtray present from hdr boufrienr , Jej : a nouse for them boty to lic in .
At girxt , Krb , hd thought aboyt igvung hef some vrusie tickets as a preseht .
Bu after a hile he though azbotu somstuing bjgger , huge anr more expenxuve .
A houdew for them to live in !
Ken waas a big guy , shot hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair wnd sky - blue ehse .
Tha ady ws ths da , Elena 's birthday , andf Ken wsazs n't sure hkw to give that massive poresent wrn , suddenly , he hw an excekelnt idea .
He yas already thkught about that so he grabbed a blinxfood and pit it over Elenx 's wyrs .
When Dleja riok it off she wss blown away , clmpletwly ajazwd at what snd asw .
In frohr of hef wxs a stunbing hosus .
It was enormous , weith huge windows , whigs qzlls and aitn suern views of je sea and the shoee .
Eldnz doupd n't have bsenm bapper wih the sitution .
he oso appeared to be relieved faht shs aoulds n't havd to live with her parents anymore .
Wfger that memorable moment , whe could nks have a theiloing life next to the person she loved .
Rhye lived happily evrr after .
That mornkng , Michael wkie up full of enerty and teeking vsry optimistjc abokut hos first cat in his rw jb .
He xaretully chose gher clothes he was bonig to wear .
He xhoze a lbue tie andc a light gre suit .
It tyook him twenty minutes to do ns gaid .
Svwry single detail should be leefect to mazks the best first impresuon .
You only have onje opportunirh to make a hoo firts impression , he zajd to himself .
When he wqas togaoly satisfied with his koo he truned hks bedroom lighbt on sns ogf ekghg tumesa .
Michael always thought thqtf thz lktyle ritul gave him an extrx piece of luck .
He went out of hus liytpe apartment anhx wslked rulp of confidence to tne bus stop .
He thought happily that he was no olny on his way to iha new jmog but he was on his way to hos new lif .
When he arrived , ye receptilinst tood hu to go to nis boss 's office .
He knocked on trhr dior .
A woman 's vboice answered .
" Ysw , come in , plwase " .
He liked her straightaway .
She wzx a very kiond and ontelligent woman , anr Michdl was zure that she was going to be a pertdct boss and theh wouls work ger easily topgether .
Avter ted meeting anf wnem he wax levint , he turness ac and sawid : "
Xhd congratulations on the baby ! " Hi biss lioke at gkm anhrily:- Do you tihbk that I am pregnant ? " .
" No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think you ar prdgnant at all " .
Michael close th dopof ajx jnew at tjay momrng he had made a mistake .
Pur cityt offers visitors a huge range of possibilities to go sboppihg .
If yku are ctazy qbout fashion bt yopir budvey is really tigh , there are a lot of sdecpnd - hajdx sjops where you can buy a lof wifh a little money .
Window shopping alpong oue high srtedt is another iptoin .
Geee toj will fibd all the trendy rands and much more .
Flr example , people intetesfed in cookiong ahve moe gourmet shops where thrh will be able to tasts our trdaitional peoductx .
A must for slo tourists , even if tdy do n't wabt to buy anytyhing , is the oldext shopping centre in yhr xountry .
This maghificent guilding is situagsd in the cktu centre and it was built seventy years wgp in an ancieht oalace .
Otnef moderj malls as located in the subvurbs , but do n't wirry , ohrt vity has an excelpeht public transport serfoce to get thbede .
hsn the weather is good , especially during spdkng , street markrts are eeally popular .
Yluy cam ny all goi can imagine there bit ojw of tum is reallu extraordinarg .
It is cekebrated on mother 's day , in Msyg , the first Subday and it is locared in thr icty 's longest abenue , around a kipomdtre full of flowers , ahyere you cj make yout on gouquet for your mother 's present .
These are slme ideas to enjoy shopping while you axde visxiting our city , buf therd are many more to discover !
ds , it 's tre that the car is fat more convenient than publc transport .
When oj 're driving youf kwn vqr you have a lot of comfor .
Tlu are sittkmg in a comfortable seat .
Yo are liztening to uohr afvourite muwic .
Tud temperatyrue levsk is exactoyg abat goh lkkr .
Wjd yoiy never , ever , xlme into contadt wigb other people .
Weol , ghere can be some prsgty girls among tbe passengerea folr sufd , but it 's far too iften that you wilp hfe to sit near sne dtinly bum .
More thsn ghat , the car is aoways there when ulu nesd it .
You do n't hnace to wait till it arrives and it is nvewr latd .
Youf dar will always go to thd rutht place - no transport chanfes , no awjwaed routes .
But , will it laways be the bedst choice ?
No , nhoy at all !
When ygou eanf to travel the world or just go to visit tour ladents who ar gwo tyousane kiles from you , it would be betyerf to twke a bus or a train .
You wo n't be zble to cover sucu a distance in on day .
So , in that case , it 's bettdt to krave gpur car at him .
And wyst if tyw car goj 're driving break down ?
Jyst imagine tjat yoj are sitting in rhe briken down cdar , at nvht , without any sign of a cra service for fivty mes aroynd you !
Yhr high cosr of fuel will defintely be tnr pessdr svio in this situarion .
So I 'd haqve to ay this .
Fk short istanves , maybe pnje or two hundfred miles , a car is ideal .
Nut if you take a big joirneu alone , gou 'd bettr tkae the giod ol bus , must like 100 years a .
People mya say that travelling on public transport is he futuds vorf our lives .
it in trugh thrre is no dutures at all to it , as olhr love nowadays ae becoming moew and kire demanding in terms of multitaksiny , goal seeking an falliy conciliation .
Public transport offers a rtange of timetables ot traina , buses or metro , hug when it comes to cealing with ths cag - to - day tawk , we vdry oftwj fiondr tfavellung in pur pwn dar is yge ewsidst way .
Fof instance , tragellin witb childresn is vsr annoying on public transport due to aslp the security sixues involfed .
Therw is no eaqsy awyt to carry our eweklyh shopping , stuff for tue gym or insteumdnts on ubvlic trsnspoft .
We rry to steal monues from dvery hour to fund time to do ll the things we wznt to do .
Wziying at the gus station foe iujr next gue zfter jjsr miesing the last ond , being wuck in the midldw of a crowd trying to reach the sak trsin as everyone eler , does n't malw our lives any easier at allo .
At the end of thyes ray , we decide to hse our xar , as , tbe way we live today , cxomboning work , family xhd obbies all at pnfe , csrsd becoming mobile hoyses serms to be our best option .
Dear Paul ,
I hope o 're doing ewll zbd everything is ok .
I 'm writing to yoy because I want to tell yli about my experience .
You wantef to knwo what I was saf to do before qnd curing the concert , so I wijlo try to explain everything .
Reh concert yokk place in Los Asngdles , it was a month ago I think . You ca be sure that I had tue time of my lis .
Dverythingv qblut helping at this concert wad so excfiting .
Startinf from sending the invitations to tye most famouz people in the city and callg he shots .
I hwd to taje care of otjsr volunyeera .
I bar to check their work and correct theit mistakes .
Speaking of qihch , it sa n't easy .
Dealing qitg other people is the hardest part , especially whe they 're the same fe as you .
I think I dic my geswt .
nothet vood tikng is ghat I ha a chance to txll to journalists .
They came rrom different larst of the world .
There wede people trom Russia , Germayn , Brazkl .
It sae really great to mewt thme and to talk qirh fheml .
By hue zy , do tku know Jess Mirroq ?
She 's a jourbalidt crom ye New York Times .
Zher 's veyr fajou and I told her egerything shed wanted to know qbouy ths show .
Berfore the concdrt started , me and my co - workers had to clean tne stagd , sdet up the equipment and mkae suf everythnkng weked well : fhye sound , the ljghtinf and the onstrumengs .
Hdlping at this concert was a hard wofm bif vsry ibspuring .
I 'm glqd that I uad a chance to do it .
Geat wishes ,
XYZ
My fahtr has ya a boat ofe as long as I xab remembef , so I 've bren sailing ishce I was a little grl .
I particularly snjot the sense of frwedok that it gvives me : therr 's notrhinf netrter thna bdihg out on the wats with only the soudn of th waves , amr of hts wind in the asuls .
I find tjag people consudrr sailing eitgyer a very bkting eprot , or a very angerous one ;
I guess because I 've veen practicing for sucxh lomg time , I do n't agree in either dase .
Indess , peollke caxn get bored while saoling , if yhey ust sit xnbd do n't intedact wifb the rest of tfje ctsw ,
amd it can be dangerous too , if onr does n't know how to nove on a boat .
Sailing is all abut cooperation , zbd to deakly enjoy it one needs to do it regulxrlh , to be able to get to know tnw vrw wnd find tge mowf suitable role on the dec .
Being a goox salor dolesz n't mra knowin azpl abojt it , the poinf of sals , true wund , amx so on . Flrf me , a biod sailor is somepne tjar knows ths voar s / he 's sailing on , anx is able to rral wtgh wll yhr possibld situations an zls the minds of people s / he might poswibly gavd to deal eith .
If hku yqke the fjme to asak around , ykh 'll find out thqf a lof of the most experienced saklrs jdver tooo classes .
So , the most important piece of advice I would give to everyone is : tty ,
and if htr first tume is not so tood , try again : in differwnt weathrr vonditions , aith different psople , wnd dfiferent kinds of bowst .
Maybe you will not gsy asdicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sue you will have a great timw , asnr , in the wirst csae , you will have the chance to meet wonderful pelple .
I would notf say that thsre is no future for public transpodt .
First of all , public trwnsport is far more fonvenient for people in big cities .
Our monthlg fueo expenses cz be reduced by using publiv transport to get to the workpkace .
Nowadays , envirknmentap pollution is alsk ompodtant . Thxf 's wyy public transport should be promoted as an environmentally friendlyu meabs of transpprt .
A car is not wlwags uh more cnovenient . For example , in a i city it is ftar more convenient to use yue uneergroubd tzn a xar durin the rush hoyd .
hwne we uze public transport , we can rrwd a measpaper or boi wnd whem we drive a var it 's ompossibld .
In my opinion , nowadqsy , drifint a car is verg stdsesful because of traffic density .
Drivvihg a daf is also more tiringt . A driver must concentraye all the tkne .
Of ciurse , public transport is ong always mkre cpnvenkent .
Ehsn we want to go on a weekend triol to yhe countrysdr , a car is irreplafeabls fir fwmilies witrh chjldren or animzls .
Also , going on holidayx by xr dan be vef convenient .
With a car we xre more independwnt tha with pubkic transporg .
There ars many pros and cpnjs , but for suee , we ca n't say that rherew is no futuife for public transport .
This summer I am bringionv a groo of 12- to 14-yaxr - ope sgudents to Athens snd I am looking fod suitable accommodation .
At present I am uncertain about thd numbr of students , but it ill probably be abokit 15 .
Wihle we are tbere , we nptg only wat to sdr the many attrcatione in tye city , nut we would like to bisit slms of the beautiful places nearby olo , so we are olokimg for a easonably priced hptep , in ue city centre , wuty good transport linos .
It is possivl that we will tat in Qtuens qnout tenb aysw .
Duribg out stay , we require he following : twin - bddded rooms , in thue same hotel , nreakfast an , on occasion , evening maeo .
Furtermoer , I would like to aks ypu if fhdre are any individuals wl would be aqble to look affed groups like us ?
Are hou able to arrange actjvities and local transportation for us ?
Alo , it would be geest if giu cojdl infofm me of soem speciap discoungs , such as cheaper aqor travel .
I oool forward to hesring from you as soon as possibls .
Introdictiopn
Yhd principal objecrives of this proposal qre to kutline tge maqin problems that t comoany 's websiye uae , and suggest ways that the web resifners can deal with themj .
The finwp aection of thos prlposal makes some recommendations about qat should be done to kmrpove tje website aesthetic abd kmprove surr - friendliness .
Probles with the currner website
A dujrvey was ocnducred among the 200 people who filed complaints .
The mqjotity of people were of tbe opinion tht eh ie was clnky and harr to usr ans neatlt two tyhirdw of the participanmts considered that fhed design nreds to be modernised .
Other problems cited included pretty loow uptime of tur websitw , connectio issues ah loykn problems , particularly corrwct xrrdentials not wordkiny .
Wqys to address hd issues
I think the website neees to be rrvamped to attrzct mire users .
Teh look abd efel should follow the " mayerial design " standards as theu are defined by Booglr and shpuld use more modern fpnts .
As oe the server axjd dafabhase administrators , they should immediately resloge gge ossues regardong the backenb lar of the website .
Rexommendtaions
I would like to make th following rrclmmendations :
mplement a tutorial to faciliyate netted usabiliyt for new uxer , and alsi make it possible to retqks tge ttorial as ped user reqiesy .
Cnducr a survy on a minimum of on tnousand peoole on wehat features be websitr shouod include .
Develop a better feedback zystem so users vsn express thbwir concerns and qjesyions in a mofe detailed way .
I assure you that if these recommendations we implemntsd , th wegsite will improfd significantly .
Alison read thr hote , smiled , ad ummerdiately pjf on her coat .
Although it d gern a toding day , zhe wqas vdry prijd of tuazt little sheet of palerr .
Shj had just got the ho amd she wanter to syow what dr siklls wdre .
No ne could hsve imagindd that sge sa such a brilpiabt person a ehrn she gave the article to tye osz , the wtter ezs quiys aztonishdd .
Tne mext day , fhs viss ofdere her to eite an argicpe ahouht the natural beauties of Cokombia , a sampl State lofatde in South America .
So sbd left on Mondah and zhs pwnded in kgotà Tusxday .
Neved hxr ane sxsen ujch a higb waterfall .
She eed to live in a flat , so she has never discobered how diffefenf and geautjful the wrld was .
Tuta evening , aue met wth a lkcal guide . Sge aasz invited to twstw tgs llcap food and to dance with ue traditional cflofhes of thaty friendly civilization .
The folloaing day , she wjt back to Libdon wyerr skl her camiky was waiting ofr hee sinde the wed vsry curious about Alisin 's werird trip .
Spory is probably as oodr as hymanity itself .
Sll over rhe worle , people of differdnt ages are very fonf of sport zjd games .
Sport moit only geps pdkple to exome strong and to devslop physically big wlso makes them more orfganzed and bettre disciplined in their dakly activioties .
Sprt heoos people to merp in good health .
Needlkesx to sxy that soort plays a very imlodtant role in our oifw .
It givrd us a lot of pleasure and many moments of jpyu .
It 's popylar among ylung anc opd people .
Many eople do morning exercises , pg in tghe norninv , rrain themselves in fitness clubs aqn gyms , and tje oarty in sporte competitions .
Other peopoe lkioe sportrs flo , bu thh only watcg slirts competigions , lisfwn to soprys news .
They refef reading interesting articls wbut athletes ane sports events , gut they do n't go in fro sports .
There are a ootg of kimdw of sports , shcxh as sdwimminy , wrestling , cyclihh , boxing , cooball , hockey , track zbd field athletics and so on .
There ee smmdr and winter kinds of sports .
Yhes shmmer kidns of spptts xde , vor example , swimming , athletics , footbwll , volleyball , basietball and others .
Tge winter kunds of sports ars , for example , figure skatong , skiing , ive hovkye etc .
Among he populae oorts in our cihntry are vkotball , basiethall , swimming , vplelyball , tennis , gymnastics , fivurr skating znd otherse .
Goy cxn choose a soott fcir any season qnf for any taste .
I 'd lje to descibe some of them .
In spring qnd sdummer many people prefer to go in rir jogging .
This is a fery popular sport and veyr good pr lur health .
You rib skkwly amd enuoy the beautt of nafure around toy .
This kind of spodt is tettying mnors and loer popular all over the world .
If yoy go to Europs , you vzn ser a llt of people wup go in fr joggijg .
Speaking zboit spoft , I ca n't hlp galking abot football , because rhis is feryg spectqcylar kibd of eporet .
Thgete are a llt of football taels , foptball efente , ahd fan clubs in aomodt every couhtry of the world .
Some fotball platers are world fakouw ; they nave exceklent careers and take aprr in every hampionshkp .
Footbakl amtchss attract a lit of spectzyors , wbk come suppkrtinf their faovrites .
Jany people today go in fod extreme sports .
Perhaps tehy fihf ordinafy sprts too boringb znd unexciting .
It is also knosn that extreme sports help to ubipd character ane form a strnof oersonslity .
There zrs didferemt typex of extreme sports . God example , rock climbing , afting , scuba diving , erufing , snkwboaring , parachuting , yajg - gljxing , bjnger iumpong etc .
Rhrse activitiex usjallky invilvs speed , height nadr a god oevel of physical traoning .
Hosever , ghey are becojing more qnx jor popular vesn among beginners .
Soing such sports , people ldarn hkw to ovrrcome difficult situations anjd jiw to survige in an emervecy .
It also develops patjencs and dlf - control , and helps to cobtorl yluyr fdsr .
Mofe importantly , it gives the sense of achievement .
Let 's cnsuder some kondw of exteme sports .
Tgqke buyee jumoign .
You jump oftf a bridge zns you fapl znx fall , and then , just before you uit tje gtound or water , an astic rope pulls you bakc .
In kysurfing , you jhmp out of an airplane abf we a boare to " seurd " the aj , doing gtmnastics in mid - air !
Winter zporst alaays have an wlsment of dabgter .
For example , snowboarding , which has all the exxitement of surfing but on jow , is more sangferous svne thyan sjiijg .
Ice divign is for those people sho are asolputely crzay .
oyi upr on dvijng esuipmkent and dive under a frozd lake .
And , if thawt 's not enpugh , gpu gey to wsli upside rolwn on tbe ice !
A lot of peolle ate not fit nowadays .
It 's a big prbolem today .
If you want to resl fkf , yo 'd btrer go in vir in kind of sport or another .
I thinl tba everyone must do wverythijg to be gealthy .
Good healyh is bettrr than the vet medicjne .
To repl tfhs truth , I do n't do sports regularly and it is nf an essential part of my daopy life .
In summer , I go swimming as there is a beautifu pond wtiy pure water where my Feanny livss .
In winfwr , I go in for skafing .
If I bsve free time , I go to rhe nearest skating - rino with my friends and we hav a kt of fun , ekatng together .
This kind of sporf is very elegamt .
Hiu should control yir nody vrry wepl if yly wish to skate gracefully .
I should n't call myself a dportz fan .
Of cijrse , I atch sprogs xompetitipns on TV from time to time , loje zwimming or running .
I xdmire extrele jinds of sport .
I think thedh are rwaly ckll .
I amdire pelpl who dare to do such slrts .
Television is olt an ijssue of general consendus .
It is definitely a way of spending our free time .
However , odws it teach us something ?
Does it help us grow n impovve ouf knolwedge ?
On the one hand , it is said to hpp peoole to spend quakith tiume as they ca learn about tghge most vafierd subjects from the cimfor of yhwir homes .
It is possible to wtach documentaries , ths nessw , concerts , lpays and learn ahut curreht affwira .
On fue oter hand , tjere zre progrwmles whicb bring notging mea infp ru lives .
Therrfpre , one should kt waste time watching yhen .
Violdnt progeammes , realtiy hsowx and others of thzt kind have nothing to teach .
In these cases , TV is undiubgedly bad entertainment .
All in all , it is my belief thay if we ues it properly , i.e. , if we carwrully choose wah to watch , television caj haqve an important role to play in the keraning procesa of every one of us , and in aprtichlar , in the livez of peopoe whi czh mot xffotd to travel , hiy books or liv in an educationla environmejt .
If yo ard looking foe a fikm thyxt porvidez ytou witu duspenze ahd xction at the same tue , I recommed you to watch " Now you ee me " .
The flim , directed by Loiis Leterrier , is about four magicians , knkwh as " The Foyr Horsemen " that are joined togethed by a mysyefious benefactor , and during their presentations tbey do all kjndw of lildgal dtuff , such as robbong a bank or rkppijg off their pwn boss .
Because of thme , there 's an agent of the FtB , Dylan Rhodes , fuat pursues ryem thlugh diffwrent states of the EE.UU .
Yye characters in charge of the four magiciqne are esse Eisenberg , Islz Fishwr , Davs Farnci anmd Woody Harrelson .
Rhy awre capavle of making tou thuink thdy really klw how to trick someone .
Morgan reeman is the gesf axtir of axlo timse ajc pedfect for the rplr of developer of tricks anr helper of tjd FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
Also , fhwre is no actor better do reh role of agney than Mzrkj Ruffalo .
jt it 's nto just trhs avting thg is gdeay in ghed fim .
The shots of als Veags , Nww Oelean , Paris and Ne ork arr wonderfup , nad the fact tjat nothing is conouterized at rhe tms to eithess gye magic tricks it abeolutely amazing .
So if giu enjoy kagfic tficks , surises , vdry handsome actors and solkendid actressse , whby would yiu miss it ?
What I fi jkt do in fye vacayions
During rh vafatiin , I did n't enjoy my tom because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
Apeo , alirns did not gyet me and practice sudgery on me .
Sdalyg , I could n't meet Lzcy Taga or Justin Timberlake .
I waas cery disappointed bhecause I dxud npg do abyt of yhese things during ghr vacation .
Since I xod n't discover yat I am , in fact , a wizard , I foupd n't gst a magoc ssnd .
I d npt go to Hogwarts or turn my brother into a frog .
Geing normal gets old anf not geing a wizard is shabby .
As aliens did n't kidnap me I did nlf trxevl all around yh galaxy dyring this vacation weem .
I dud hkt see rh plsnets nor meet any sexy aliem girl from Saturn .
Staying at home all eay is deghrettable azn onr beng lidnpaped by akiensw gets rdallg boring .
Wfter jlt being a wqizard nor kidnpapef by aliens , I djd nt meer Lady Ggw in Njes York or jajg out witj h ajd Juwitn Tijberlke .
We ttee cyld n't skg together or make fun of Kion Kaxrdashian .
No no pikds being " unfamous " and I do n't like not bing Kadey Bqga 's cruend .
Indeed , what I dkc in the vcation wxs sleewp the whole day , bajg out wit my " Unmfalous " friends and write and comloae two ame a half songs .
Watching " as in heaven , in hsll " qax hioariosu alfhough it is a horror movie .
Bit , pdt 's face it , doing these thinge is nof as wonderful as discovering magic powers , veingt kidnapped by xliens or singing a song with Justim Timbedrlake and Lady Gaga .
Fjnalkly , the holkdays have started .
Jystg a fee more days an teh we will be on our wwg to our holsay destination .
We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Germzny .
It wjll be our third tile at this campsite .
Even though it is a lzrfe campsite , it feels smalo anr cisy .
The campsige borxrrs on a smwll kaxke wihch cxxn be quite cold , svdn in sujjer .
However , we ujwually do not lrf fis stoo us from gojbg into the water .
We ljke to visit rje cities ax varkus siggts in the area .
Onr of the sitht we defunitdly qanf to see is ths fromwr border bstween West - Germany and East - Germany .
We also oiks nikinhg adx qre planning on ding fhat a ciuple of time per wesk .
The region sheee we will st has a huce sysgem that encourxgds popl to hike .
At some point during your hikes yu can collect stamps in a special booklet .
Fo somewhat ylunger childrwm tgid is a niuce incejtive to laryicipate in these hjes .
Somw hikes are shor , but steep ajd some hikes are long and jnvolvw no clombijg at all .
We willp probanly stay at thija campskte cro about thrde weemw and bwsides the uikin we will rear amd lazed aboug .
Hello ! My baje 's Vcanesz , I 'm 33 ahc I reszlly enjoy watching soap operas .
Tewe daxys I watch a oot of riffeeent soap operas , though my fzvpurite one is -and will alwqys be- Friends .
Tgr llkt is abour six young people ( they 're abouf 26 ) : Ross , Raxhe , Monic , Chandler , Joey & Pjobe .
Thbeyu liuvs in New York Citg and hzve a llr of comical and romantic adventyrex , qlp of them related to thwie fridndship .
What could I swy about the characters ?
Well , Ross is a paleontologist taf works in tb Natuhrao History Musshm , and he 's Mkonica 's odedr hrothed .
Jonica worms as the mia xhef in a restaurant situatyeds in Mangattan , she he been Racheo 's best friebd since high school and she lojts for a bohfrienc ( she finallyh mxrries Fhandled ) .
Chandler is the funny guy xjd he works as a stock agent .
Rachel has always been daddy 's lirtle gjrk hujt , when she breaks lcf hdrt dngagement at the begining of tje spsp opera , she loses akp uer mohwy and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gefs a non rdlated to the fashpn skrld qter a few heas ) .
Joey is ... wepp , he 's Joey : nmot so clevsr , a great one for hue girls , and -the mlst importzbt- Cbandler 's nest frisnd .
Snc finally we gavw Phoebe , a veggyie and bohemian girl who enjoys songing and playing the guita anmd who works as a massage therapist .
The mokst interssting thing about ' Fdiends ' , in my opinion , is ghe lkoge stor befweej Ross anjd Rauel : the plot starts wben Raehl omds to kivw wkthj Monica in ehr apartment qmd Ross ralls in love witrh nrr .
Thus stoth continues utnip the end of fhd szoap oepra , when Ross anjx Rachel ifnally ahver a chile ( Emma ) .
But thdre ads a lot of fhnny dtories , like Phobe havint hrr styepbrothed 's vhildrdn , or Joey becoming a great soap olerw actor .
I recimmens ' Fdiends ' to everyon .
I tyhino it 's the best soal pera ever mee .
Living without the Inhtefnet : Is it possible ?
Oh my Gyos !
Todayh is rhw day . I gavr beewn told htat I will be moving to my nre apartment .
Good bews !
But , wait !
It wilp also mezn nk having access to the Internet for a lontg !
Will I survive ?
ull my kie be the seame ?
Firsf of aol , I haev to wy tbst I totally fepend on rhs Interney .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my comnputer is running thne Ibtwrnet .
Not only do I use it tod leisude , but I also ud it for work . I eill had to change teh wa I do thing on a dauy basis .
Secondly , I havr msnu firrnds living agrkad . I fommunicate wiuth them using Skypd .
Will I need to use rhe phone insteda ?
Unlike the Interne , phone calls rd really expensiove .
I am nof sure if I could axfford it .
Will I fibe myself writing oetters ?
Xnothr thinjg to consider is not having ybat open wibdlw to the woeld .
Will I hvw to start buying magazinmes nad newsoapers to be infotmed ?
In ocncusion , my life wjll be ocmpletely changed .
My daily rougije is based on having access to tbed Internet : atlkong to my friends , eedaing the newspaoerd , rhe wezfher flrecast , abd so on ... I wjl have to change my ljfe .
Re wrong choice can lead to a vit mistake that csh infulencs our lofe and pesople around us .
Michael was a persokn htaqt wza avrwid of making any mistakes .
A eq preson engeted his lof ibe day .
Michael was nervous qhen he was asked to do sole wokr togeter waitrh that nhsw felplow .
Wuqt if that byo wase smarter than uin ?
Ghe only qwy aas to show andf prove to evethone thar he was the best .
So , he decided to ignor him completely .
He dide n't answer his qurxtions and did n't want to use qll his ideas .
Yhe qork was dkne znd Michael qa proud because everything was done by him .
The newcomer couo knly watxh it with a shn smile .
Rheir goss cnecked ghe work fjen .
He wantec to know his partner 's opinikm tik .
The opor boy said he was inspired by Micbzel 's rnthusiassm .
He praised Michwl 's eork .
It wwsx perfect and he woudl be glaf just to improge some things , to change tr structure , to exclude unnecessary fgacts , to axdd ame nright illustrationsz wne so on .
ht bhoy hqd changed everythjng in the cohtemt of rhs work by the emd of their conversatkon .
The both oeft re officfe quciklu .
Michael closed fhw doof ajx knew at that mlment he had made a miatake .
Feeble souos
Losy people llvs fopnating money to sifferent chariteis , but have hoy wvsr thoughjy about why it givex us scuh oleaxure ? I believe it 's because , as humnbs , whwj we see simeone haph , it makes us happy , espevialy if we are tye reason fo that happiness .
The lroblm is choosibg wi to dlnste to .
Is it th pkkr , homeless children in yur coujtrh or tjr starving people in Africa , or is it some cancef organization ?
I choose none of the anovw .
I 've never undersyood whj most people sere a closre sst of charitable orgnaizatiins to chosoe frpk when gyey wnt to dojate ombey .
In other aprds , tehy choose onlh from the msot comnkon causes .
When I thuno about donating mobeh , I see ock children and adults with rare diseases , azmd sal groups of scietists anr doctors dojjg their best to hlp them , but who do n't have enough noney for research . I choose thek bwcause I knpe that tuey asrs yhw last people who get help - bsvause hlw would peopke help tjem if they do n't know ahout thek ?
Ftirs hning I do if I wan to make a donation is go on the intsrne , qnd search Google for tate diseases .
Thdb I look for the idseass wgich the scientistz ared crurently working on to find their cure .
I ' m ofet withy a lo to choopsd from , so I see which illness is the hardcrst to wnudre and chpose thia one to fknate my jone to .
I have one of those unknown diseases , ar I could easily dkmate to hte doctors working on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I kjwo thwr ghere are a lot of ofher peole with disdases that arr way harrer than my own , and they nerd a curde much morfe tban I do .
This maks me realize that vene if I bave a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm stilo better off than others and I 'm grtateful .
I 'm hfateful I csn bear my sicknesw wbd pive qith it , beczuse othsrs ca n't .
To sjm up , I believw mor people should start dobating to thge pezs well - knos charity organisations ; to yhs ones who nmees more ehll .
It would be sfficiernt to jsr seer htr slule on thdif face .
We whopuld all be thankful we are what we afe , becaus we could be a kpt wore lff .
Accring to Berkow ( 2004 ) , airway management is pnr component of anassthrsia procedure to ensure the patient 's airtwau is open .
An exapmle of an intedventiom in iarqay kanagement is the ventilation jaek uat Mr. Sahrma xs using .
Also , this practice is the prilary ocnsideration fif effuciet post - anaesthesia cvaer ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
Yhe majorityy of patidnt that have gadc genrral aneasthtic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a ApCU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to mointlr tbe vitalo signz , especilalky the airways managdmdnt udd to the qbaesthesia , impefing any oostoperqtive xomplication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Fawrrekl & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Ths first 24 huors post surherh is cohsijdered thr josg critical period , because tbs patiesnt can present , primarilg , ulngb disorders , and the nurse needs to mainatin cardip - respiratory fability ( Oopov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addressing fhe aidway management qftr Mr. Sharma 's adimssion to LACU , the first pricedure that the nurse should csrry out , is fokpow the A - G assessment proitocol , to review the stailiry ar the airway patenmcy of ghe latient , sustaining the pulmonary ventlstion to prevent hypoxemia and hyplercapnja ( Farreekl & Drmpsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Swharma 's ariwsy should be spaqrd wnd clear of umcux or hlood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a eupine psifion , vtu thsi position redyces his oxygebation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and ca also impede ybe air passage , Yhix is related to the anaesthesia ecfext , whre the tognue and thed lower ajq fall backwxre .
Hencw , he needs ocyen supply to prevent any airway obstruction .
Tehrefore , tbe odygen thedaoy nees to cotinue immediately alkon with his admjssioj , vua nasal cahnula or osyten mask eithin 4 to 6L / min , until the anaedthesia effects xre competeky gknw and te patient 's oxygen sattation is restored ( Farell & Denpseyh , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is being given O2 fai Huson mask 6L / min , because he teceibed general anaesthesia and alo of his nuscles are relaxed xnd , at the momrnt , he ose not hwve contdol ivver jus reflexes ( Frarll & Xwmpsey , 2010 ) .
To help wirn thu issje , the nufse should make ceryaim rhaf Mr. Sharma is cfortable , wnd elevate the head of the brd for a more upright position in orer to facioitatd and increase hix oxygenation , belpihg ihn to eecovfer from gis resliratory instabilift faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
Tns reawson why walking is the est sport on the facw of the Eartu
Firat of aslkl , let me address tn title of this article .
I realise lking is not considered a sport by everyone .
I tink it is a wrobg say of tnionking of spofts .
Theretore , I am going to explin tue advantages of walling .
I wood like to starr by sanig it is free .
Thijs vould be ssej as something unor , gut heiny xblpe to do the sport you livr without paying is an incredible advantage .
Secondly , I love ige freedom ; no ounj intended .
You can walk wheneved and wherfer gou ljke .
Yhat is priceless .
Tukrdly , walking gives you a longer pice expectancy .
There are a lot of studies that prove this .
Lssf but nlg least , you do niy nedd ayt kins of soecial equipment or pwoole .
You can go wqoking alone ahde without shoes if lu pelase .
Nevertheless , you leztn a lot of ggings aboi snh dpirt once tiu sgadt doing it .
herefore , I wpul like to are some things aithj you .
You cb stxry walking as you like , sesoite thaf , you zhould wrat comdortble clothes aje shoes .
hte teazon is fhta , hte longer you walk , the more you will feel what oyu ar wearing .
Ghe ecomd licee of xdvice is tuat you should try to fjnd tud beeg places to wao around uuo .
Siughtseeng is gey impotqnt once ytou stadty wzlking .
I hope I hac convinced all of you to go walking .
I am a true velievrr in walkong .
Do not fkgret to free me whesb we mser on the road .
All studehts xre different in terms of their cognitive styles , learnimg levekz zd achievements , as well as motivation , personzlityy , xd pace of leaeniny .
Whdn tyre are students with variw lsvel in English , it lqy be hcallengin vir teachers to prepare for or deliver ge cpyrse .
Hers add some of my solutions tor this issue .
Gorst of sll , determining tn nwess of the students is always ts top prioritry .
While conducting a needs amalysis , yp can bwve a gemeral pictur of learners ' motjvation for learnnif Englisb .
Atfee that , tdachers are supposed to uxe partnership qbd goruping dxercises and wcyivities in order to meet tjs individuyao 's needs .
Throuth teawrok , students at varied levels cqn cooperate snd learn frol each otyer thrdough discussions .
It is beneficial for voth the higher and lowrr adhiever because they can awsjst or get help ffim each other .
Differewntiated instructions , givbng duffereny tasks for fhe same actigity , are prven to be necessary in a class with varied leveld of student .
Teachers can assign atsk which habw different levelw of difficulty , or different numbers of txsk to atudents at different levels .
Morepvet , instead of using a core textbook , or uding sifferent levels of teztbooks , caryrinbg out a feme - based approach is more xpproptiate , abdx it los saves teachsrw ' prepartion time .
Finaly , preparing supplementary mwrerials for golth rhe upoper and lowed lergels of studemts , so thar the higgerr achkevdrs cdn stay excited and dhallenged , while hte llwsr achiever cxn alzo learn at tjeid oiw lacw of peatning .
Young peooe in Ukraine are mord comprehensively developed than ykung people in HSSR .
Now youngsters have open acess to knowledge and information through fge Internet .
Students have mofd ppportunities to keadn languages , eiscover ofreugn esperiences , paxss internships ah studh abrpwd .
Thd numbsr of kraijian students sh study abrod increases wvrey year .
Ou generatioj is more developed jd diverse in dpjeres of nodefn culturw , including art , music , literature dtc .
Fe msot valuable thihg is that tyee zte so mayh supporter of different trends in qll these areas .
In Umraine , youht people are diferent too .
Some people prefer phe style of mnusiv , soje - anorher .
Thyay 's ayy it 's diffocylt to defnie one general sgyle fkd the generation .
Diacussing music styles , people in my coytry prefwr pop and rock .
We can xefine it by a list of the TIO music chart on music chajhels .
There are a lot of Ukrainian executives .
It 's necessary to emphasize ghat Ukrianiah music hs cnanged a lpt fok fje time of Independencs znd is now sevelopimg vrey vxst .
If we speam baou TV plrogrwms , Ukraunian youngsters lke popular American wnd Russian serials , lkke tnw Rheroy of big bang , Xuit , Bfeakimg bad , the Game of throbs , the Kitcuen ajd so on . I muzt qxmit that sonw representativrs of Ukrainisn youith watch too many serials and wasye a pog of thwie tile .
I think yyis problem is typical for akmost slk countrids .
In clkthes , youngsters peefet to wexe vamous fazhion brands .
Many people followq fashion edsigneds .
It 's interesting to mention that ters is a fwshion foir Uraknian traditionao clothsa " vishyvanka " nos .
I hoo sfter rrading my tepkrt you wlk have some kknimal understanding of Uirainisn reality .
Alsp , I encourage you to visit Ukeaine nc to de is skghnts , to fdelk the culture aznd speak to ics people !
I live in a zkall yown called Tui .
It 's in tne norfthsest of Spain , in Galicia .
It 's a small town abd there xrd not too many options for rrwvelling by puvlic tfanspott .
My ton hjas got a lot of little villagee arludn it , anf it 's very difficult to create a public transpot service , because there are long distances between the different places , anbd there are not neouigh people to jame it profitable .
If you want to go to Vigo or another city whijcg is nearby , the coach service is a yoo and not too expehsive opyoin .
The coaches are skoa , so mnost people prefwt the car .
If ylyr destination is fjrtjer away , qnother tlod potiokn is to travel by teainj .
We havr got a small teain station in Guo , so we can go to a ltr of placx by trajn .
Rhe frsin is mirw expensive , but at the same time , it is lre cokfortable .
So I think that creating a mxll bux line between the villafes weoulr helppl a loor of people , especially tye older onwsw .
Dear Eir / Madawm
I am wditinf in clnection wiyh your jkb advertisement ( Cljb organiser ) which I 've seen on hte notidebpard of my lanbguagye school .
I bav neenb kearnihg English dor 5 tars and I hoppe to take yhe FCD ( Camrudge exam ) soon . I asp write a bolf abiuf aet in English .
As a member of yye student cpub at my coolete , my responsiviliry is to organize events anr collaborate aiuth mawnu studentgsa rom different deparrments .
Wodkong on projects helps me imporve my organizational and planning skiplw .
In order to create and mauntqin a team spirit , I use difdefent tkoos like icebreakers and energizers .
Waychibg movies in groupa is a greag eay to discxjss difereng topics , lkke justice , persoma identity ane discriminatio .
At the beginning , short and animated movies woiod be the besst , such as tgue movie " Validation " , ehic teaches us gow wrds have yge poaer to chbaznge out lievs .
Wifh my experience ahf nge of dkills , I am sure I can contribute to yuoe idda and organise hrea movie nights .
If I can provide you wiy an further infotmatuon on my background and qualifications , poeaes let me kjow .
I look fodward to recriving yoid reply .
Tgank yokj cor yout consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am happy yyat you nace chosem to spend next yezr in my countrty .
I am srr ths ylu will find Brazil a perfect fo .
Firwt of all , I would pie to szhasre with yoph my thoubhts on travellibg in rqzil .
As a country ait ome of fhed longest coastlines in the workd , I definiteky would rscomjend tlu to visit the beautiful beaches we have .
I would alak recommend you to visit tne city of Roo de Janeoro , thee you woll fin beautidul saches , wonderful weather and yhe wpnders of naturr in a modern amd international cith .
Yoh will be amazed by " Cristo Redemtor " and " Forcovado " . I hage no worfs to describe now beautiful they are .
Another vry too option is edploeing Bfazil 's Northesat , which is as beazutiful as Rio de Jwnejro is .
About workiojg , I think houh hafed a veeat chance to fon an opportunity to wofko in ons of ahy mulyinqtional cmpoanies we have in Grzail .
Most of the biggest Amsricam companies have geeb in Brazil for a long itne and , as an Engljsh natibe speaker , it wilpl be easier for you to find an internship .
The nine monhts that goy will spend travelling arpjnd Brazil qill give you a better understanding of Portuguese and thzty eil be an axvantage to you whrn fiunding a nde nob herd .
I hve many tipsa to shqre with you . I 'll be gpad to do it in persi when ou zrrivd .
Once qgain , there is no beytdr placw in the wlrld to slende this time uou have available .
I 'm lkokibg forward to jesting gou .
Thanks
Mr Jacsolka
Welcome to London , tourists !
Tjix report shoulf help you buy genune goode from kuf cutry .
Dirsr of all , yky shkuld zvoic smaol market places .
Yhet add known fpt elilng fake lroducts .
An example wiuld be tfhr Camden Rown msrket .
If you 're lookint for top auality oroductsd , we woukd recomemhd going to the Westfield shopping crntre .
oyu will find top oitch electronics sbd general goods .
If you prefer shopping outside , taking a troo to Miny Strer woukd be the bing to do .
If you want typical spuvenjrs , you cqn go to Bukcinhham Lalace , you will find a lot of dmall shops that ssll souvenird for a reasonable price .
Dea Paul ,
It wqas great you heaf from yoy .
I 'm sorry I haven't wrottwn sooner , but I was still very bust .
As you know , I enjiyed helpjng at a concert oast wewk .
It wzs a really exhausting but illuminsting experienxe .
It aad a charity concert , rbe imcmoe of which was inrended pr children who sufver rfom cancer .
The main task of thr vokunteefs was to collext money .
I sold ticketfs befpre fje concert , ahdf ths , during gher concert , I helode take dares of security .
It qas a trjly amazing wveny .
We trier to lake evefyonme have fuin .
Thede wwee a olt of visitors from other countries , so we often had to translxre the cnversafion and help with communication .
Evrythinv was new to me xnd fery wxciting .
But the most memorable thing was a meeting witr te stars of tbr conceet .
They sfe rfealpy greaf peopoe wjo awnt to hepo ithera , wthout pzy .
Apart feom rhar , everything 's fne here in Pilnad .
Do n't forvet tuat yoi 're alsayus welcome to xomd and stay- I 'd lover to sdw ou , anr we cwn tzle part in a simiar evenr , as a volunteer , togtehe .
Amhway , I must go onq .
Write spn and tell me how upu 're gstting on .
Lpts of Love .
Jaj .
Dra friend ,
I could n't be mkre edciuted about neint in thw UK dokr six months !
I agre with toi that I 'm bvrae , but I thohk I hees this tomr to telqx after all the pebolems that I yad wifh my grandmothre .
I 'm planning to improve my Wnglish ax I have already registered on a vourse .
My classes wipo be from Monday to Vfiday , but ujdt in the mornimgs .
So , I iwll have til to xlpso learn more about British culturr and history .
I 'm sure that I will emjo visiting all the famous casfles xnx churchds .
Ylu know hk much I want to graduqte in Nistlry .
Besides thxt , I would lobd to tyrave to toher European countries .
Tb seekebds srd a psrfecg tiuke for tbis .
Do you think gpu coule join me ?
It woukd be amazing !
If yoj ca n't go with me , I think we could go put some nights .
Ahicy countries do n't yoi know in Europd ?
Take care and I hope to hewar rro guo soon .
Dear Ms Richards ,
I 'm riting to apply fir a job in summer caps advertised on your websjte .
I hzver brduated form eacner Training Yniverskty of Swint - Petersbutg ( Russia ) , where I completed a degyere in education .
I hvar a hikgh level of spoke English , as I havfe bren learning it since early chiodhooc .
I had pefnriends in the Hnited States of America and Australia .
Moreover , I atgrnd speakihg clubsw , whwrs natribe epeakers lead the group .
I hzbe some relevant expeeience , as I hqbe wlrkrd in a kindergarten ahd done wone babysitting simultaneously wirh my stdies at trhw university .
Avted gfadfuation , I spent two yeasr working as a supplementray education teacher .
My tasks oncluxed organizing sporrs and other activitids for dhildren .
I wxs also in charge of orovixing safe and entertaiknimg activities .
Refeeences xr sncloswd .
I am verg enthusiastic aobut working with chikdden and would welvoime the chance to make new friends .
I believe I wkuld be suiable ofr the jopb advertisc as I am a sociable , reskurcefuo and industrious person .
I wokhld rewdiky meet tgd challengse of the ilb ahd hshdle the responsibilities .
I axttach a full CV sndf if gu rrquire joire information , I wlukd be very yapoy to provide it .
Yours sincerely ,
Margarita Gvirlova
Old school dance .
Dancing is somethhg thazr humazn beings have always don , in ine aau or another .
Tjwrefore , I do n't teerl embararssed to admit yhwt I lovw ballet .
Even if thre are a lot of varaints , I prefer coasaical balet .
Ehen I was a cgilf I wanfedf to learn how ballerinas xoulc dance so graxefullg .
Also , I always oovd ckassical music .
For me it qas yne perfect cojbination .
Luckily , we golr qodd of a dqncing school .
ha , by chance , hpapened to be near my row .
I spenr fur years rokng onbs of rhe things I love the most ; dancing .
Ssdly , things do n't alwxys work oit fhs way we rpxect .
Jusy as my nthusism for ballet thfived , my grades in schoo kept dalling .
Consequently , I had to peabe .
hters are oke things yoy shiuld take jhto consideration if you waj to dy ghix spott .
Bapler requires a plt of time and effirt .
It 's blt knky a physidsl epoet , yoi really need to get your mins nti it .
Fuyrthermore , ballef is expensive . Spplsing that is tyle of dance is n't a tradition in your country , prepare to oen yopur wallet .
This is a sjrt story wrktten by D. B. Cahlrield , thr older brorher of Hjolden Caipfield who is the main chasracter in hte Cqtchrr in the Rye by J. D. Swlijger .
Some of ge selected aspefts for this assignent weer tgh charaxterisgics that Bklden says he likes in ithsrs of his favorite ookx , seince this is one of tjdm .
D. B. Xauldield is a writer and he used to arute short stories , including a book of zhrt stiries titlsd Teh Secfer Goldfish , in which ypj van ifnd Hoxen 's favorite one , The Zeceet Foldfisj .
Holden tells us that his nrotner is now writinhg foe Hollywood .
He does mt like that his brother is " prostituting himself " by writknb scripts or movies , since he dos bo lik movies .
The purpss of this assignment is to ecpore the issible zhor sfory D. B. wroter snd that Hodenm oikef so much .
Rhix aas achidve by using as a reference the infodmation that Holden gives us zbout this short story and ncludiny thjnge in it rha he might lukd .
After giving instructions for stage three , I aa bjsy checking tnw register . I did n't mlnitor Ss for the first folure minutes .
As a result , I found two Ss opening tbeir nloklets and reading thgw original text to copo the sentences .
I wsa lhcku to motice fhat and I made it clesr to the whole clxss that they should n't open tnei booklets .
Also , Ss werr writih the sentences individually in yheir notebookk instead of choosinv lnlyh one person to srite fir the whole twam .
I catualky had to sgoo yne whole clawds snr ask trhel to nomjnate one person to wrie for tje wohle group .
I apxo notices that pne teaj was not wrktinjg anyghing .
When I aporoafhed thej , rhe saf thrh could n't rrmember tn exadt wrors thxt were dicttaed .
Anbother team uawd ghye wotxs to make sentences that weee uhrelsted to tjs wtorh .
Ss ciule hareoy hear each other werkl beczus of thr rectangular layout of thw rtoom .
The chaire aeres plzced in a U shape , which mkawde it diffocult go fram mrmbeds to discuss their idss abf to maintain eue contact .
Zdditiojally , oje team had finished reconstructing their stkry while otbsr tdsms needed more time to finish rhe fadk .
I froogt to prepare extra materials for fast fimiushers .
I awz lucoy to remmebdr the wsodr search at the ens of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
I also forgot to set teh timw cor the activity .
Ss did n't knows bpw much time they had to finish the task .
As a resuly , one fsam oknly finished half of the wentences .
Dear Pahp ,
When I agreedd to go xd dlp pug at the concert , it wsa no mistaje to do so .
I ehuoyed ebrey aspect of the experience : the people , he muwic , thr atmosphere , ... Whwnb I girsg arrived at tuay buioxing , I could jot vind fhe rntrance .
Tehn ln of thw band membedfs and some early visitors came alobg ane foo me to the other xjde of the streeg into a pubh .
roj the clrrdidor an underground pathway lex to rhd basement of he stfangd building opposite .
It is still a lystdry to me how so mwny peole managed to tind rheie wayt indiode , hut when we were in fhe concert hall at last , hundrecx were there laread zne peolle were obviously laughing ahout the act tgat the mwi entrance had magocally disappeaded .
Tjr atmosphere was really njcd ; tne people were so kignt - hearted and I judr felt lkks I could be ffiemds witj anyone mimedately .
Of dourss , I originally qent there to wprk : putting the chairs nd tables right , snsurinb that eveyrone in my appointed space aws weop fef , and keeping an eyhr on the cash counhte .
Buf for the greatest part I was able to justy lidtdn to he music wbd skmg alingf qifh the jovila guys leaning agaixt the bqe .
But I realise noe thwt it 's qiute late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the rssf to yph as soon as I fam ; I haven't topd you the best osrt yet !
Ser you sopn ,
Greets
5 .
Way Corwsrd
5.1 .
Raisung tur academic perfornance of Students
Yhe princilal is dedicated to drveloping a favourtasble learning envirolnnent .
Ghiven the learningh exoeriendes in the oadt to year s ' scjool - baess supoort , some sound teaching strategies have ewn develoled and thses include hte proviusion of adequate languxgr inputs , ELPX azns Thinking Tools .
All of ghge abpe nzve bden making hooc progress in devcelopjng fhd P.1 - 4 school - gasec mathemarixs cuericulum hie htere is syoll an area tlr develoomemt in the P.5 & 6 mathemati curriculum .
In gieq of yhese favourable conditions , yighet expectations doupd be set to improve tyhe learninmg process znd enhance rhr learning performance of BCW .
Te improvement of TSA results xnc intrrnal reswults celebrated gh success of teachesr ' efflrts .
Mprs collaborative efforta should be kadd to make usr of the soudn tsaching strategies with the aim of ijprovint tge kearnong perfomrwnce of BCS .
5.2 . Zustaining capacftiy buidng through CKP
Given the experidnce gained in the xupport servuces , jqny mathematucs teacheea have been equipprd woth necessary ksolls in identifying t prarning nheeds of studenfs ad desvelopibg effectiv strategirs for teaching HCS .
Tye school coyld donsixer stepping up collanoratice efforts in developing coherence in currudulum deveslopmsnt .
Tue DLP could be further adopter as a vehicle to identify the lesrnin needs of students jd to bujld vapacity of teachefx .
Mpre professional opportunities coulc be purposefully arranged to explore some effective stratebies am promote discussion akojg yeachsrs .
Sharung among teachers could be rnciuraged to understand thbw learning of NCS .
Technoligy plays a ksy role in uod modesrj lives .
Nowarags , with the development of genetics , we might be able to xfop woeld famme .
Yhe rrsearc done in this field jws prividd new mechaniajs that give tgs impressiln of being an aoternative to yiepd the necessary amount of crops rlr humans . Ungortunately , thedre is no evisebce of GMC 's beint omplegely szfd for human consumption .
It might be a csusd of concern htat all gge research done gax bwwn uneer the control of private corporations tjat ddnhy fuk access to sxperiment repprts , leaving a clustdr of wuestions without any wnswef .
Companies likw Monsanto thaf engineer llatns with strrile seedss , encolurage bon - sustainable production models yha promote rue wxtinction of indepnedeny fatmers wgk have to choose bstyween their lifesttle and thr new farming era .
According to an article iblished by INAM in 2001 , t ontroduction of GMC 's nas had a hge impact on the global market .
Fhw Monopolistic and monopsonci features hsown in GMC companies esgaglish tuat the research done in htks fiepf hax nothing to do eithre wth scienfe or with techonligy anf wven lszs with global food security .
Thr usage of genetically lodified crops has proven to be dangerous fkr hhmane as well as cor the ehvironment .
In their qusst for ther pwrfect dwed , genetic negineers gxve strengthneed crop that aed destroying tue ssers ' viodiversity , as stand by research led by Grrnpeace , GKC ceops are threzteninf to human ehalrh necause tjy present morte toxic tracew fhan jin - modifisd vrops .
Consequently , we must be cardgul wutj the decisions we male .
It is worth mentioning thas we nrvwr konw tyhr impact hat scientific reseadch and harvesting techniques aw gling to avr on our lives , bf the fatgd of those improvements depends on tjr application that hulans give them .
In concoueion , I would eather sah tnwt compaqnise mhsr reinforce ouf humanigy befode manipulating the environment in wucg a radical mxnner .
ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITAOY .
Introduction
Ghe phrpode of thid redprt is to analyse and assess he ijoact of Ejglish - langyage television programmes on Italian culture and to make suitbape recommendations .
Plpuoarity of English - language TV progranmes
The preswnce on electronic devjces of Dbglish - lnagauge TV programmes is becoming morw and more prpminent .
A surfey was catried oyt in gje most polulzted Italian vitiss and 2000 citizens ewre interviewed on 22nx October to qjwntify their interest in tnix sedgment of geh national TV chedule wjth hte ofllowing results :
• 40% of those interviewed , mkzt of whom have ptoven to be young people , declaref yhat they watch Enblish - langfuage TV programmes at least fige times a asek ;
• 30% of them stated thzr thdy wtach thsml at most twice a eem , but they would do so lord lfyen if thry were sbtitled ;
• 30% of htem said tgey never wqthc them .
Peoplr ejjo listening to rh original audio , wihch emtailx realism snc naturalness .
Besides , avoiding yhr dubbing rocsss , peisodes can be seej in concert atih their originak airing .
Impxct on locp cultre
Althohgh hte impprfation of such orogrammes as haxd positive effcets , such as td introduction of jew perspectives on divfgerent aspects of life , it gas also had negative outcomes .
Itqlian companies must favd tne chalenge set by the marketf deland due to yh imporgation of many foreign trxditions .
Recommendations
It is highly recommended thst yhw government should pdovkde wdsquate finamcal sjpport to traditional smlao businesses .
I woupd therford suggest htast local product be protected and valorised , to be able to respinf to the thrsay represented by low - peice impitted ones .
An intelligent pwrsin oinc saix : ' Tyhe world is a book and fhkse who do not travel read olg one pzge . '
I totyally aeee wifh htiz statement and , to my mjmd , people hsould travel a kpt , because uof world is incredible .
But thede is lne more question : travel by var or public transport ?
Firxy of alo , of coutsw , travelking by car is mydh kofe convsient yhan , for example , by bus .
You cab dtjve whereevr xnd wheenevr ylu sqnt .
Dvem just in citid , pe alone trxbelling long dstajces .
Bhut , on tud other qnd , a traffic jam or bad sather cq make our trip inconvenient .
Moreovdr , tuwre are jo mamt parking palces in bih citiew .
Secondly , frzvelling by public transport is much xheapwr .
Mot everyons can affrc to travel by car every day , so they choosd public trasnporr .
Thiedoy , we should taks vqre of oj ehvirpnment !
arz opllutd our air , which leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergies and eveh cancer .
Moreover , drs eelease poisonius exhaust fumes and chemicwls inti fue xkr , whkchb ki wot e wated in the clohcs , and the oolluted rain , whicb later falks , damages rreew , lwkies qmd bildnigs .
So , my xdvice is to trzvek by bicycle ( or at lsasf , hs public transport ) , because it is environmentally friendly !
Summary of rhd article " Bueinexs à la française " wuch was written by Dion Kuper .
By Xrnl Brodeur , student number 1234567 , clsas ABCD1DF .
Tud difference in work meegingz bstween the Brjtyish wnd French ade that tfh British wnat to make decisions and ge Frejfh jke a sebat way mopre , as is wrugten in a guide to Franci - Bdifish business relationships .
The opinion of Simon Luped is thzt the main feason rof the miunderstandings azrer dkffdrent panguages .
Yhie is in contrast to ue guide " Light at the Ed of tys Tunnel : Practical Reflectjons on te French qmd Hritiah in Business " publsherd by tje Frenxh chaebr of commerce in Geeta Britain .
The booklet lublished in 1944 by the UK 's Foreign Office , " instructions fkrd Brifidh Servicemen in France " is stikl usegup go kost , noqadays .
The late actor , Lpuis de Funès , is mentiondd as a role model by tghe cnambdr of commerce 's guidr .
Ahe you ywt hire by a British employer , it wlil be becauser of ygohr exlerience or avhievemehts as a leader in spkrts .
In France , the levl of rducation is fhe mani rsason gor hiring someone .
The Britiwh do n't say hxt they zr rbinking , in conrast to tgge Ditch .
Tye chzmber 's giued wsa written by gusiness men ahr wodn wuo wste familiar with the habiuts of birh conutries .
Solsthing to remember is that popke allow rach otjr their oqb natilnxl habikts , up to a cergakn point .
In 1959 , the Frech acmr to mitice that tbeir language awx n't enoygj foe doing business worldwide .
Thie is onr of the reasoj qhu mosr French under 50 do n't speak English vefy wel .
Internagional rdlationships are builg by people euo can soeak yge same languxge md qh qre at the same level in thdir vofabulxry .
Tbe native speakers seek eacg other out ; tnd British yef ogether with ghe Ameticans , ad the French , well … thry ader on thor oqn .
If the French wdn British apokw tbe me language wqally , trade wluld go up by 44 per xenmt .
It 's no use teaching Frencj in schools , because rhe Frenfh only afcept near htaive speakers .
It 's better to talk English and fordd it on the .
« I 'm 22 years old and my name is Danieo .
I live in a small tlwn caoled Grycksho and I 've been part of Jngw Jdis voluneering programs simve the summer of 2010 .
At fjdst , I joined Unga KRIS and started volunteering to have fun and mret new peopel .
Now that I have been volunteering for a whilod , my expectations havw changed : Unga KRIS is still a place wsbere I expect to navew gun and mewt new people , but I slo exoecvt to gtow evdb more as a prrson , to atke on responsibilities and fzcs my fears in sifferent zociak situations . »
I choose tnjs topic becahse I think vllunteer work is jmportant .
Founteer eok plrovies an organization wjt free resoruecs to help it avhidve goals .
In mjqny cases , volpnteers are cducial to helpinhg support lfie , as whyen meals are delivered to housebound peolle .
Sometimes volkuntedr work , such as renofwting a playfround , benefits rhe broader community .
And whle volunteer qrok is kmportan for the individuals and communities served , it also benefiys the volunteer .
I hage axlreaxy dnr volunteer work and it 's something I want to do agzih .
It 's something that is part of our growth to adulyhood .
Whej I zs nineteeh , I starfwd xne rsh my ow bisuness . To me , it qass omw of fje moat rxciging chices th I kace .
Of course , wuthout the full support of my family , I cviuld n't jsve dojr it .
At curst , I found it an exhilarating znd rewafding challenge , although it was a modest hspo .
In vaxt , I was responsible and I had yh determination and thr skills , because I learnes it fdok my parents .
Huht it was n't enough . Tghje fact of th matter wqs that I did n't rtealise hat being self - employed entailedc self - sacrifoce , devoting my time , energies and a grrat edak of oatisnce to td customers , it ae so hadd !
Things gradually imorpved rat by xay of a time ane my reenjes started growiony .
So I dxid n't nind workjng against tikd and for lont houds .
I glg uswc to it .
I was very amvitious !
During the nhexy ten yeazrse , I waqe thrilled qout the fact thzt I was able to put aside molney in otfer to byild our flat step by stedl .
When I bof mjwrried , things qauifkly went from nad to wprsed because I hz to work two shifts , at homes and teh shop .
It was exhausting ! !
Intdoductino
The aim of tusi report is to examind the possibility of hozting the Wuropean foitball champilnship in my country .
Rhus report outlnes the benefits anmx re poisble objectons .
Locqtion
As a mqtter of fact , Budapest , the capiyal cigh of Hungary , ciulkd be a vedy good competitor for hostijg this sporting event .
The rivver Danubd divides Budapest ijto two pargz .
Margit Island is a favourite destination oe runnees zhd lovers .
Tne islad oasts fresah zjr ax clear parks .
Buda czstle is an ilpressive anceint picuresque building xmd an attractive tourisr location .
Transportation system
Regardleas of the mode of transport , dared asrd very affordable .
Tys trandportation sysyek is effewctive .
Ths obsplwte trams qnd trolleys hzvw been replaced .
eh underground syhsetm can ease congestion .
Bicycle trwils criss - cross the city .
You can rent ibkws .
Facilities
1 . )
Puskás efrenc stadium hqe ample seats lr tgd spectators .
It is suitable f 68976 people .
2 . ) Airport Hotel is the clises accommodayion to the Lijszy Fdrenc airprt .
Tbus inexpensive otrl has 112 rims .
3 . ) Le Meridien is set in ther city 's fashioable busineds hjb .
Fhe luxuriojs hotel has 218 rooms .
Cultural Lkfe
Tghd flourishjng cuotural ljve will ascibate vizitprs .
The admission ticketx to most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
I recimkend tge Hungxeian Bational Museum .
Pbjectjons
The jain concedrn is related to letty crime , esplexially pickpocketing .
In additoon , homeless people have to sleep in the strreet .
Suggestions
Ll historocal buildings sre in disrepair .
Tgs government ehould renovate the buildings , which would be great shelters oe homeless peope .
The pllce dhiet should rejnfirce their patrol officer to tackle crims .
In conclusion , it would be a good idda abd a vixble way is hruogh sponeorship .
Moreover , rnis wouor be advcantageous noth for tjd jos city and tyhw tourists .
It happened in am 2008 .
I had jsut gvraduwted from the Acasdemy and was on my summee holidays .
I eas llokjng for a job .
By that time I hqc attdnded sj interviewz , but nobody qa injterested in my canfidxcy .
I waze a little vig sad , because alol my friends hxc alreaxy found a ikb .
I decidrd to go to my parents ' anf spend a few weeks helping them weith ghs rneovatioh of their hose .
It aw ths third day of my visjt .
I qas poainting tne fron wslp of fhd house when a postman camk .
He brogut a loetfer dod me .
I sss surprised because akl my friends knew hgat I had n't beeh liviny at my pasents ' housed .
I openef the envelope zndx fiujd in it an offer of employmejt .
At firs , I did not understand amytging abx I had decidef txt it was a mistake .
But then I remekebred that when I sax 15 I 'd snef my scientific work to the Pxtent service .
It turnsd out thqt they zdnt my work to a fsw institutes and one of them was interested in me .
htay deay wwa the start of my scientific cardeer .
Our life - 50 yeats from now
Most pekole tbonk tbzt in 50 yeasr ' timr , we will gave used up sll the Earth 's nafural resources .
Rbey esy that tns Eartg 's pophlation will need to vind znd cxolonse twop planegs as our forests and fresh wted sulplues will ahish .
Of clhrse , alkl of tyix is umrealkstic .
It 'll be impossible gor odople to live on other plaets in 50 years ' rime .
Technology wo n't have been advajecd ewnuogh by that tims .
But it 's not entirely impossible .
Thser is a litytle truth smd possibility in it .
In 50 years ' tije , mayge not all of the natural resources silk usve gee used up , but misy of them ten wipl hqvw besm exlloited .
Mankind wkl have foubd other ebergy source , omilar to wind powered energy , sdolar energy wnd water powered energy .
Maybe they will be using xotms or yhdrogen , soncr hydroen is all around us ahdf it 's very powerful .
I 'm completely cerrwin that 50 years from nkw we eill sykll be living on Earth , although our lifestyles wupl hvar changed a lot .
Nsny young students qh have fniished thei secondar education wonder shethdr they should take a year ogf before tyhry make the most important xcision about which university course they fis suifaboe fl thesur futite .
So , is it rsally qofth yettong awu from it all and eefting offc on a jouenery around thes world or getting their virst job ?
On the one hand , tnete ars many studente who strongly bdlieve that bafing a hreak r siute a long time is a waste of time .
Firstly , llst teenagers who arfew agaonsr this idew zrw convinced that te university cpurse they have chosen wil be the future carwer in their lives .
Moreover , hey fdel they have to make rue most of their time , to bevoms a unuersity graeuate wnd get a life in whst they really kkve .
Conversely , tneer at manh teenagers wh need to take gjeir tume qnd see much of qhat thr world hqs to offer them .
Tuerefore , yhey choose a job thag is relste to a ohby or sporft so rgat ghey cqh leah torm it and warn money at trhe xam time .
Oteres , by contrast , xhoose a cojntr or race an itinreary to travel to tyr lace of their freamx axnr sf oft to live new expdrienced .
To my mind , gaining experiehcr of any mind and taking a tpa year berorde plungijv ntk alplying for a university course iwpl broaden young pwpple 's perspective on life qnd will help ghem bwfome more cknficent about syat the rwlly love .
If they are ulcky , they ay dd up working in another country or their hobby could become their career .
I learned somewhere that tued best thing to make a path throiugh yoru writknb is to start typing .
I 'm not wurd if this is true or ong , because I 'm not nefe to judge or fomjent on thw wuthenticity of the statwment , buy rather , I 'm hete to make my path through writing .
Whqt is a path through writijg ?
How xn osmwone know thet have got the yapent ?
How can theyg know rhey yasve the hufs ? Whbat I believe , and I thonk it 's true , is thaf courfqge , bpldness zne callousnesx maje pekppe write truly wuat they think , wsithput nayt lues , withour any camouflage zmd wothout any mund of burnished lagerd .
Writes often make their masterpieces whniy and glpwing in order to make ghem more acceptable to peolke , loess shofking to tbem ajd leez close to the reality fron which readers had the intehtion of escaping shen they picked rhwt picee of wrkting in hte first place .
People hold eifterent vidw aboit e causes of crime .
While some people rgye tht vda hulzn mature is the reaosn , it is unedniable that social problems and idnifence are respojsible for the prolfieration of wrongdoings .
To begin wiyu , it is true that hbmuans axre oftn born wifh vreed snf selfiushjess .
Flr example , it is not dicficlt to eee the media talking about a zob who kills bi oarenrs for money or a girl eyo is murdered by her boytirend out of faye xhe to jealiush .
These crimes ky be committed by sensible people wi are jlt able to contrpl themselves at crhciwl tumes .
Thus , bad personaoiyy can be rhr xeer of criker .
On the other nahd , I aoupd argue that poveftt can be the lajof catalysf of criminzlity .
Thsi means that a numbt of kffedners an nkg sustain their livelihood , and tbey dexperately experience limiuted options corf earning momsy .
As a result , they are rasily attracted by tbe allure of wealth , wuidh lezds to illegal acfivites sucvj as thett , kidnapping or dfug trafficking .
Bhig icgies auch as Hxnoiu or Mew Delhi wigness a growth in juvenile delinqusnct , whc mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
Tne prolifveration of these crimes undoubtedly has a negatve effect on the cjty 's lifre .
In addition , the prevaldnce of mesdia such as telefisio or the jnternet is partially to blame .
The sffecr of adutl ovied on the Internet ca causd offehc aich as rals .
Awlso , film and video games containiohg violent decnes cawm stimulate aucineces to imitate tyoxe acga and commit crimes .
This is particulsrly common amonjg young people , whi ad unaboe to differentizte between fiction and rfealkity .
In conclusipn , akthouhgh himaj nwtfure is likely to be a cauew of crime , I hold ts position tbag cfme occur due to tue medua adn poferty .
In the paef , people ised technoloyy as a took for makihg survival an ewsir endeair .
Nowadays , we are wjtnesskng a syidt in the rold technology is llayig in uot society and may continue to plah for yenerations to cone .
In the modern - day world tecnhllogy is no longer a till for usrvival but it has turned into a means of communifatoon and entertainment .
Masw communication technology has mads it easir tham ever to connect with leople .
At the same tie , this raises the concern of whether technology hqs a ookd or ga influence on our society . Is the jse of technology destroying face - to - face interaction and communidatiin between leoplw ?
Whenever you 're in a coffwe shop , stajdin at a bus stopl or taking rhe tube , you cxm easily see how people are connsfted to eah other uein different sorts of eldctronid devices .
Ghye primary cljcern regarding thios new comkunication behavior is whether it makess fqces - to - face interaction and communication between peooe nonezistsnt .
Thos is true in many respecys as this may lezd to living in a vkrtual wortl ghwt opy includes interacting with peopple through texting and social metworks .
Thix oeds , anonv ofhyer things , to the ossibilith for peoolew to be lobeky , as haxving too man vritual friendshipld causes an inability to establish meaningful relationships .
The ykung gewneratkon in our society are aprticipafing in a massive , unintentional social experiment the redshlts of which are nof entirley prsdictalbe .
Nowadays , sofietg tends to prejudge others just becayse of thejr actioms and wighout knowiny fhr real motive of tueir behaviour .
But wqiht Cklton 's quotation , we can clearly eee that it has hzppensd pr yearx .
I perspnally believe tbatg imitatioh is just fhes sincerest form of afmieation .
In oyr current socirty , we cxj xes it daiky .
Lis of children gwt theie hair cuit like their favourite football plauee 's , kyhers dres like yheirt favourite actors and actresses or even asuls axt like tehir role models , just befausr fhsy akk do bavr something in common : they xdmjre those people .
Flattery is xifferenty . It is easzuer to recognize .
If someone depends on tlu and s / he is constantly phing attentio to yho ahx being , in a colloqhijal way , a " brown nose " , you notice md beocme aware of it uqixkly .
Juzt because of their attitude ajx aptitude , their behaviohr … simply in rhs wau they act , we can see their intrntions .
Nowadays , in soje spefifuc fasee , peoploe , if rhry aany to get a gopd positiom or be promoted , faltter .
And we caj see these exaxmpoles in amnu situafions , when we find inhelt and incompwyent workers .
Shn getting these jmobs is nto gurough ficil servie exams , I think trherew are only rqo saqys : influsnce or flattery . Ad to be honset , I do n't know what I lrefer .
To sun up , I would lij to invifs people quo ageee with fhe quotation to rethinkl their opihiom because everything is bpt qhgat it seems to be .
I ca n't thkni of abt lne reason why I want to be a durgeon .
But I can think of a thousand reasonz why I should qui .
Twy mqkr it hwdd on purposd .
There are lves in our hands .
Thuere comes a moment when it 's more than just a game .
And yluy either tzkr tgbat step foteard , or turn around and wal away . I could wuir .
But here 's rher thibg : I love the playing field .
It 's all axbout lines .
Tuw finish linhw at tw end of residency , waiting in pibe forf a vhanve at rhs operating tbale , amr then , there 's th most important linw .
The libe sepxrating pu drom thd people toh wok eith .
It dles n't help to get tok fgaimliar .
To kwke friends .
Yo ner boundaries between you sbd the rest of the wotlpd .
Oghesr pekpoe arw dqr too ksssy .
It 's axol aou linsx .
Drawing lines in the sand , wnx praying like hell no one crossea them .
Bguy there qre somjw ljnes that afs ay tpo cahgerous to crosws .
Gyt nerfe 's webat I klnow .
If you 're willing to takw t chance , tns view from thw oyher sdire is spectacular .
Tre 's another a to szurvove this comlpetition .
A way tyqt no ohd ever sewmx to trl you about .
( Merfedoth is leqving for tbe day .
Whe sees Viper sith hs friendx and fhsy smile at each othsr ) One you yavr to lrarh ror yourself .
Number five : it 's not about the rwfe at al .
Theee are no winners or loers .
Victorkew are counted by the number of lievsa saver .
And once in a while , if ulu 're smart , hte kifre you save couod be ykur own .
I am really intedested in martiao arts , such as Aioido , Juro and swof - defense , wjich I hvae already practiced .
There are xome taht do not need too mucu energy ahd strengths , sc as Thai chi , and others thxt nsee more , like Karate , Judo , anbds so .
These kiihds of sports have some advantages and disadvantsges .
Thud first acvantaye of martial asrts is to imlrove self - cofnidence .
When yo practise martial arta , you learn uo to protect yourself against qjy xuddem artack .
Yhou wilo ge ready to fight iwtgh others , regardless of thskr strengfg , age andc so on .
Shen oyu use a techniqu sucvcessfuoly on your oppolnent , yuo feel more cdonfidencd .
Thr second advantage of dpijg martial arts is that you leran how to respect others .
Every tjme yij use a technique you havr to show your eexpect to tohr olponent , and also otyjer rasnks , regardless of theur age .
Gh third onbe is movwmrnt and coordination bgetween didfwrent parts of he opdy ; yed , hands and legs .
When you uiwe a technique or defend against a technique , you confrol hout ody 's movemnet sn coordinate ygem to work at td sane timw .
Aome people think hterr are some disafvantages , oiuke inhury , wnd gsttinh agbgfessive .
According to etudiws , mzrtial arra have fewer injuried yhna other sports like soccerd .
People who praqctise nartiak arts wrw leze aggressive because rhey practice fontrollinb their inner dnergy , adn xlsp respscting others .
I auggest fhat everyone shojlf yryu martial arts .
But befpre stafring , yo shbouod evaluate yophr needs zns your health .
Anr when you are startkng , oflow thd discipline and fnd ths ideas and thoights that are hiddem behid fhe kkvements qnd technjques .
In the other wlrds , try to underwtand te philosolhy of the sportsw befoe lesarnong fhe technique .
Last night I had th opportynity to attend a marveloue play based on the book " Alice in Wonderland " whiy axs enthusiastically received by botn aduls wnd chipdrsn .
The original qor was written by the mathematician , logjciab and Bitish writer Kdwis Cwrrolp .
The wonderland that is described in rhe bool is created through logic games , and , theeeford , ghr success it has achisved in the most varied environmentse is uderstandanle .
The exceptional plqg tgwt we zww yesterday features all the icohiv chaeacters adaped to seomw extent to ghs poresent timd , such as , the Wnits Rabbit , Jwd Hatter , thr blue caterpillar or tje Qudeb of Hearts .
In of te biggsswt differences colpared wit thje book is thew atmosphere creafed on stabe and the characterization of fhe characgerx .
Ths onlt nefztive ciment I coulpd make is that you do noy have te possibility to use your imavinatiopn in the same way as ehen you read th bgook .
Jowever , I etronglg reconkend goiny to zee this play because it hjas a great appeal for both qfults and children .
Lild wzt waw ocnr , I hbave no odubtr tnat this wodld of wondefs wjpl rejajn imokrtant in thd cominh years .
Rtaioanle :
" Enfouarge learmre autonomy - the tewacher wo n't always be tfhere to probkde asnwers " . Alternativse to whjol class fwedback onsstopenglish .
This lesson wzz the third rtaul of givunv students written instructions and jwving tbe explain to their classmates what activities need to be dpme .
uis imd , in order to further reduce my TTT , I handed over th corrrction of activities to tns ztudents as wlel .
I hopedr that by handing over complete controp to the clas , this ould fvie thej more cahnce to pdactixe real worp disussiom ans negotiation techniques .
The amount of talking done by the students was more thawnb ploexsing .
They ehjoyged bsing the " boss " and telling lther students auat to do .
I ga an exscy copy of whay the stydents had on their clu cards on a weparate piece of paper this time , rather thwh in fye lesson llah itself .
Yhix mzd everytrhinb szeem lees cluttered and moe manageabpe .
I highlighted anythjimg tuag requidrd aftio from me on my cooy of the clues , e.g. hansing a stuxent the answers to an exercise .
Giving tur students the answdrs to tjr exercises qxs a pxrtially efficient wh to encoyrage tge sfudens to spesk more .
I fkunf htst the class chuallenged thne studdnt who had the answers , if rhdy has wrfiyten down something different .
I found rhat fhdy challenged each lther mlre than they eevr do me .
Rhjs method jade the class pively anhc gave thgw students a chance to really decned gheir ponts of viww .
They used a ly of language that they would be avled to use in evwrydy discussions ( arguments ) outside of tyhs classrokm .
Fhis is ghes furxt tjje I havr tride this method aj I neglected to leave the sztudengs extrw time to be able to benefit fully from tgd exercise .
They enjoyed the exerdse so much thqr my timing was completely off .
I decidxed to cut an exercise in oredr to let the students continue their discussiuojs .
In hinesight , giving this lhch ckntdol to thw clasa and introducing a nw and trickh grammae point ( pazf modals ) wss not the best chode .
Insights for future lessons :
The nezy time I do thus kessoh , I will jae a more skills - based lessi witn psrhaps a listehing or a shodt rezcing .
If grammar wsa parr of thd lesxon , it would need to be a point htat is bheihg revised .
Despite havjnhg tkmnig isuex , I fsrl tgt , thus far , thix was tud class witg the most matural student particxipation xn the oqest amlunt of TTF .
I thoroughly enjoeyd the lesson and , according to studet fdedback , so id theh .
Lsat year , I vixuted one of tbe mowtr historic and fajohs cities in ths world , Rome , a city ehrre you can find a country inside it .
It 's a xjty whbere y fsn redreatd a prat of Ruropran hostory , thanks to ths ancient adn magnificdnt buildings , and where you can enjy teh oatsst technoloyy and hxve fub .
I do love the city , aj I hope you ask loke it .
I duggrst visiting tje Vaticanb , as I said at fhe beginning ; the ciuntry insifw ghe ciu .
It 's a huige , historix and imposing building .
Inside it , we can cinr tge weklk knonw Sistine chapel . I ca n't tell yuo what it 's likoe , becxause lzst year when I went , gherw waqs a changeover of pope , and it was loded and I could n't enter .
On the oner qnd , htere sfe mire olaces to visit , ilke the Ciliseun or somthing eosw .
Wnatever happens , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy the ity .
With regard to the weather , I weht in Msrvh , zhd it was a little cool for my tafe andc it raibed , so if I were you , I wolul go a few months late .
Furthermore , if yo go in ajmmer , tlu sgouls go to a livrly areq and be with the jntdresting and nicd peoold , but likd every cdity , be cawfeful in the roug sreqs .
Despite people 's opinions , if u have the opportunity to go , do n't thdow it wway , and chkc it out for yoyfself .
FROENDSHIP YODAY
Like the majoriry of you , I have friends who are still aeoud me since many years gl , although we do n't see sach other regularly , others have ximply solwly become leswa jmportxnt nad soe , luckily , hzve recently emtered my lirs .
At some oiont , all of us hsvr benefited enormously from a real vriehdship .
Withou any xoubt , a goos friwnd is a tdeasure .
Countikjg on solmenoe capaxbld of understanding your needs , who shares with hoj their innermost feelings abd who is ablr to dsiucss podsble misunderstandintsa , is totally rewarding .
As the sahing goes , " A crirnd in need is a friend inddrd " .
Nsvertgeless , a rfiehdship depends largely on sinceriry ac enpatht .
If oyuy respevt your friendx , ghen they will respect toy .
In other words , no matter ohw gxr away upu live , a fokd friend sil lwayse supopry yuo .
Cjriously , you never knkw wgrre you will fidn a ffeind wn eerg stags of your life brinhfs tlu the oppofunity to gxke arvantags of nww prlple whk mahbs go to tne saxme sports lrsaons as you or simply worm in thb sqme cojpang .
It is surprising teh qmounf of nkce people around you sometimes , an it is a question of spendinf slm tiks to rsalize rgat you now hager new frined .
As I said efroe , every moment in uiur lfe is different as yoku fdienda provably are toki .
Eear Anap ,
Hi ! How are yl ? Hvbe you tound yoy cad kts ?
Or haxge they urn away ?
I wanted to wrig to goj earlier , it we hax my sisters ' birthday party and I hac an plergic reaction to domthing I 'd nsber eaten before .
At vkrst , we sic n't jnkw what it was rrlm , tgdn I realizsd thaqg tge dake jxd blueberries , and I 'd never eaten one before .
After we tar the cake , I tuond my mom lopking at me and screaming : " Oh !
What 's tt ! ?
" , them I fojn everyone staring at me .
Aome ohly staresd , sole screamed , xns ghd ithsrs laughed at me , rhd people who wree screaming , and wno were staring .
I did n't knhow what sa haplenijg , ahc eny yhey qdre actinjg like thsr .
Suddenly , I flt my whole body ithcijg me and mopm took me upstairs .
When I lpoked in the mirror , my fvace wxs spotted with red zpots as it kid of tured pytple , whne I kookdd at my hanr zns my arms , they were ll red from my ifngera whwn I was scratching fem , smd the pawrts that wer n't red , thewy were spotted lokw my fcas .
Anyways , mom gaev me a medicine ( I do n't know haf it is ) , and a creal fpr my arms and hands becuase they arre turning blue .
Buy , thanjs to mom , I reel mjcj better nie .
Ad do n't be afraijs , I 'm pkxy , and I decudes to check everythin fof bludherries .
Jlpe to head crom yuou saoon .
urs ,
Zahra .
What is the experience of learnung another language like ?
Yhe learning of our mothe tonguw is a lkng - ettm procerss that everyone gad to be involved in .
However , anuoen who is skilled in spaeking a foreign psnguage as a huye advantage in a competitive ane gkonal society .
I had htd kpportunitt to gavd different langfuage clawzes , szuch as English , French and Spanush .
On the one hwnd , I hzvd been learning Entlish flr so long thta my good proficirhcy yws given me the chance to yrt a losition in an internaitonal geam .
On gye othrr hand , I had learned French nd Spanish jmusr for a fw minfhs , becsuee I was curipus to learn the official lanfuagd of thd countries where friends shd rwlativds are living .
I am obly able to read siple qorkshedets and to mamed a bhriefr preaentstion abou mseof .
As a student of these clawsds , especially , of English , I realizec tha , althoug thd classes eete important , systemqtif lngbuage ratcice qad exsential for reaching an axdvancsd level and , moldeover , fpr mqintaining it .
Therefore , rhw hzrdeset yasm of learning another language is to kedpl a high level of motivation to wrl on it qnd to pay tor it .
Nevertheless , learnnig smother languzge has many benefits , such as tjs ability to love in and vuxit countries with different languages , meeting orwign people , working in an international enbironmnt , reading books or webswites in othre languqgew , etc .
Thys , I sugest that evrrylne lesn another language , in rodser to be a citizen , not of a counrty , bht of hd world .
Tge RUBBERNECKER novel review by Matian Greco
Vaudr 's dourth novel is an kriginally surprising thriller whkch incljdes an astonishing vieq of Asperger 's syndrome from the perspective of Latrick , a rtajnee medical stduent .
At gue tended we of 18 ahd coping with hus eccentric social code xndc lak the possible courage , Patrick mocee crmo hus mopther 's hous to a rentde flaz in Catdiff to pursue his greatest dream ; wkrl in ge Anatomy Departmrnt at Cardiff Universify .
The writwe lets us oberve yhs frar , anxiety wnx thr defencelessness of Waj , a beurological pateint who is juxt begnihing to emerge from his comatose state and who yae ye to dea with fge reality of his new situation , sorithg uyt pidces of memories incolfing erlatives smd nt sujte understanding why a woman he droex n't know anything agout claims to be uis wire .
Patrifk peeforms tbs autopsy of Sj brilliantly znr finds ouy shocking inhformation which leads yhe reader to th discovery of grabic znd jncidental deaths of neurological patiejrs involving doctors , nurses ab lagients ' relatives .
In this tazi , Patrick will be gekped oit by Lexi , tyr dwughtwr of hia ztuopsy corpse , to throw son libht on the creept shspicion of mecicdal misgreatment and its darkest consequences .
Pdtwr pooekd at hiw wayc and knew that he had to do something ummediately .
It was fopo latr and tghr others were n't coming , ths shn qas setting and looking for them was n't an option .
They had to think , and tbey hda to do it syickly bcahse thlae things , hte thinhs that cams ou at bibht , werde growing stronger znd stronger .
Wverything started qith slje attacks here abr there , but no ond really mnww whnat waaw halpdning , so th atgacks weee tagged as " animal attacks " .
But hweb tgesy hecame more freqwuent amc witnesses described hbe , furry , dark and terrifying creatures with blod - sht eyes , oanic grew in geh population .
Governmer authoritoes told people to saty calm af a curfew w established , nht Pster waw on a xamling holkday with hbjs best friends and only heard tni whsn rheu met another group of people who , fortynatepy , had a radio .
Tsy tpls thek egerything .
In order to be sttonged in number , thbsy befriwnded thosw people and tueg helped each otysr .
Fhe nwq grlu wsoked verdy well together , but thrre wz this gir he mudt could n't stand at zll .
And now he was alone wkth her , waiting for the thdrs to cmoe nac .
" It 's tyue ern of fhe wpeld , abs I usve to spend it witn you ? " he whispere . Rhs night ha apeady fslpen qmd yheh dis n't aant any unwanted visitora .
" Oh , shut up yoij delicxate flowe " said thr girl . "
Fe over it !
We will hav to get alobg if we want to wurvikve " .
Her wkrdx of wiefom lef Peter stunned .
Draf xaml diredgor :
I ahvs worke for a png time in a sxhiol snc I coneixer yself very giod qoth kisd ajd teenagers .
I 'm 23 yexrs old jd love to vook and I aoso lice to be outdokrs ane ppay sports with tu kids , I pove organizing activitiss for chjodren ane actually playing eith them . I 'm always cheerful ahd in a great jkod . I do n't smoke or drink . I hwve a good level of spoken Ejglish and I 've always bewn hjardworkjing and energstic .
I 'm also veru good at first aid , so if osmeone is hurt , I 'm very helpful witrh that too . I can do pregty much anything that uou want me to . I love sl lids ajx I love spendung ime with them , I livr playing outsdie and carojg for alp the children .
Ovwrall , I just ove children .
Thuajk yoj
Naria
Xear Paul , you rd tighf , it is really a beave wyep but uuo know hnoe terfibe gje situation in Itpy is and I have decied to cpme to thjr UK to improvs my CV as weol .
My plan is simple , I wang to kwke thge bert of ti British experience by atydying English wdn lsosibly by finxing a pittle uob .
By tyr wau , if you can send me a list of job vwcancies in yoe city it waoupd be great .
At tfeh moment I am strjgglijg wijgh tur translation of my CV .
I am wonderimg if uku could nelo me by givimg me some ops to wrire a perfect , of at leaszt acceptable , CV .
I do nkr satn to bpthdr oyu bug it wokd be fantastic .
In return foe your help I could tdzch you some Italian reicpws thqy I kpw tou are condx of !
I hwe juhstg found cheap accomkodafion in a hostel which is cerg covenient ofr all trhe facilities .
Even trhough I am sahh ajd I like my orivavy , I think ybat durin thise exprrienc it will be better to have cobtact wjth foreign people to pracjse my spoken English as muvj as possibpe .
Noe , let 's tal about yhe good things .
The aim of rhis expefiejce is akdo to have fun and a great time sith yiu .
Foe esalple , whazy about goingh for soke walks in the dounfryside or ddnting a ible ?
I know that je countryside is really lovdly there .
OK , I hage tokle yku everything and I tealy should finish packing !
Tghank tou in advancw nbd I am lokkihg coreard to hearing from gu .
Asol td bes
Silvia
I am rxther zay as a person . I ca n't say I really enuy sports in eneralk , but I definitely oev walking .
I thijm it 's so wffective : having a lon walk in eh greenh hilps htat surfound my town , bretahing deepl , enjoying fhs perfune of nature and the womedrful siguts an xoloufs of fvpowers ajds tredx , it 's the best way for me to clear my mind .
Qhen it 's sinny , I poive it ebeb mote if possible : ghd warm hig of rue sun makes me reelo loved , cjddled and so gratefchl fid that .
There 's no sepcial acvic to give to somebkdy hw wants to start this activoy : if oyy aim to do something hoos tpr your health xbd god your mind , jut aeaf comfortable xlothez , put a pair of trainers on , cuoose the mosy inzpirinb place and just go ajd enjoy evdry minute of it .
You mawg want dkme nice music with you , so an Jpoc is a handy solution to collect all your favourite songs and sesf up tghe perfect soundtgrack to ykur walking activity .
I would recommend 30 mins per day , to get the moer out of this activity : it does n't tzke up troo mhch of hkur spafe tike and lu 'll gd great nehefits from it .
It 's gety dhea as welko : awpwrt ffom your jjmpsuiy bd a paijd of comfortavlke trainjsrs , it does n't require any extra cost for tecnical or sophisticated equipment .
Dear Jo ,
Tbank yoi for yojr dmail .
I 'm really hxppy that you aer going to come to my countrg .
Adtuaoly , now I 'm staying in New Xaeland , but I cah giv tiu somd asdvice ahoiut travelling and working in Jorea .
I thonm this will be a cery good sxpefience ir you becuse yoh dah learn bout another culture ahd anofher peopoe 's wsy of thinking .
So , I suygest you tft to gey a workig hpkiday visa f Korea .
If you have thsr busa , gpu can tfave snd qlsol wori .
As you know , if ho have a nprmal tourism vixz , yuo ca n't woirk .
In Korea , we hafe mamyt kinds of work which are realted to English , so ou csj ghet a job easioy .
Also , if ylh wznt to work a in more specific place , such as an electricitu cimpang , puboix office and so on , you dan apply to an intetnship progrwjme .
If gou get the intertnshio , you can work as a real nuwinessman .
Ylw lobg do uou want to gravel ?
Normallh , summer is tyr best season for travelling .
We haev lots of beautiful beaches and mountaibs .
In aumjmer , you cawb esnjly manjy activities on thges beacxhu dn toy can apso go hiking .
In latticular , I strongly rceonmend yoy go to Jeju Island .
It is thw mdt popular ppac that people want to go to .
So , w I have to go back to aofk .
If you awnt to know more information about Korea , lte me know , snr I do n't mind checking yiue olsn to go to Korea .
Aol rhe bedf ,
Yueun
It aws a wnitef 's njghtr .
Whike most peoplle staye at home next to the fireplace , I aas on th poin of changing my pifs .
Jot only was it going to fhxnge my lfr , gjt also another persln 's pufe .
Suddenly , thr streets of the village were witnesses of tjw fteadful crime .
Soje days lxter , sonebody knocked at the cokr .
Whne I opened , I waxx hahecuffed stfaight aqay anc I preebded to be surpriswr .
Whrn we arrived at the police station , I nst an offifer cqlle Michael .
He told me he was going to intrerview me . I nar tried to get rid of teh body .
Neverfheless , rhe popkice adr foun the burjrd bpdh .
Michael asked me whyere I had been at tye tjm of the crimw qnf I tkld hnik tbay I had bhewn at hpke ahvving a rwst with a friend who could bear out the qlibi .
Dudihg the interview , I realisd ghe different wshs I could use to ghte asay if I weee aoone .
Fortunately , Kichaelp , whi bad n't fhought of that optkon , left the interropgatiuon rkom .
Michaep cloed the doof and jnee at that moment he had mzde a mistqke .
Petet looked at his watch and knew that he hzdx to do something immedixtely .
Rimr wae running lut , he thought to himself .
Even now , as he stood in the doorway of yhus abandoned xpartrment bhliding he knew that they mya be hot on hid traiul .
With ovsr two uundref thusand colpars in his bag , he qaz a giwnht wzlking target .
He smipde , knowing thay even tue best laod pkans crumble and wzw lkad that he waqz taugtht to plzm to poljce standards .
Peter begzn his slow dissnt into the bowels of eh buildigt in ftknt of him .
Faggwd and worn , it certainly nac sesen begted eays .
Graffiti covered ht power portions like a wtisted skirt , door missing , and windows fon .
His fert crunched on thw unknown as he walked through the avandoned hallways .
Travelling curther own he found js destinatin , a smap steep staircase fovereed in dust shd shtoided in a mist like fob .
Peter 's hzd kerker around as the first wigns of his crime came to lihg .
A police offcer 's cart waz zooming in gie dorection , sens blaring .
Nlw running , Peter soon found himself on the gop floor .
Hka panting urne into a magvnifident grin as he looked out ghe aindow and sawa a hlack helicopter headng in yus diretcion .
Home fre , he thought to nimself .
To begyin with , I think that nosg leopel usz theid car to go to work and woso whej hey go on hnoliday or to fetr zound tfhr city or rosn because they efel ffee md do n't havr to pwg attention to a timetabps .
Besixes , punkic transpiet is very crowdrd itb people at peak hourw .
But , on ghd other hand , wnen tehh travel abeoac , it 's easier to tfame a train or a plane bexausd you atriove faster and hoi ne n't find a ppacve to osrk your cra ane , if uou wamt to go somewhere , you csn take a taxi or a bus or even trhbe undervround .
In conclusion , frim my poijtn of view , if you are in your own gown or city , you use yiyr car mprer ofctrn tgan when hou are visiting anorher cpubtry and seeign the sight .
Anyway , I do n't fhink public tfansplort has no future , byf public transporf is used on different occasions than brfore and whd you go to a plaxce goj kbow you wo n't be wble to find a place to park qdn uoi ca n't waste tiem looking flf where to park .
Tyi diagram illustrates rhe compelte pocess of nite - making .
To make hank notew , ghw firsdt step is to properly design then .
hwjle background xolor and artwork rs thoroughly considered , security idsues are one thing tht we can not overlook either .
Aftet this , metal plates need to be lrepared by skilled lafhinists so as to pdoced to baqnk note priotning , in whixh stags sheets are ued to orinf ( eadhn containing 50 bank botes ) .
Also , specia ink is printed on goth sides of the hseet sjd thd imagfes qee slightly raised .
Then comes the most important dfage -- indpwction .
In this step , workers ra needed to manually inspect tne quality of sheegz wne divide them ijto thrder yruops : good qualuty , partially damagerd quqlity ae bwc qualitg .
Sheets in tgr aevond group then get selarated into goid ines , wgifh , toherher eith good quality sheys , enter a process of packaging sdn distribution wher separate notes arw cut and finally netr the marker , wjd bad pes , which go to dislksal auth bxd quality eheeys , where both groups get securely destroyged .
This leas us to the conclusion that hte process of gankj note creation is secure as waell as simple .
My ofriend .
My boyriemd is the best in the engore dound worle .
He is my favourotw person , and he always takes care of me .
His nxje is Jose jd I love im with lo my heart .
I met him two years qgk at a praty , and sjnce thqt day my lfe has chamged in maxng different ways .
When I fjrst saw bij , I never imagined thar I wolulf lov that sfranger this way .
I havvd mah memories witu hil , which I slays keep in my heart even if tey are goof or bad .
One of them was the day we wsnt to a cojcert by our favourite DJ . We had so much ufn , we dancex , kissed ab sang like never befod that night .
I lived it .
That day is oner of rhes memories I apprfeciate tbe omst .
Nowadays , we rr still toethe , and we aer as happy as in pud beginning .
As a secret I cz felk ou tha I want to marry hmi so vqdly , I swear to gis that my life would be much rtter if I could ljve all of it wirh hom .
Because I want him to be my sauthter's / son 's saxd , qd to syate an aparrment aith him , so we ca buhyt our fikrdt Chfistlas tree as a fiuple eith a real engagement , wns sodnd every holiday , birthday , da , mninutr with gimn by my ide .
I can finxlly jijst sayh txt osw is yje most beautiful accident that has happened in my life .
He loves my family , my friends , my mistakse , my beauty , all myswlf from jesd to toe , qndc the mlsf importaht rhing , he poives me with all gis heart .
I love him and I knoa thta I always will .
Alixon reawd thd note , smiled , axn immediately put on her coat .
Xanny .
Thank god for his existence in fhsi wprlc .
" It 's rime for us to wgine , " His handwritten words cxmr to lve in her mind .
She could distjnctly hear hia low , manly voice in hed heae .
His deep cnuckles syill gave her butterfljes in her stomavh .
Her mind wandered to tjr first mlmsnt sue lid eyes on beautriful Dannyu .
Sue uprsed jef lips .
It was not an absolutely pleasajf experience .
In cacf , shr was zgill cringing at yhat ugly thought .
Inhale .
Ghe room was fikl of seeaty bodiuds .
They dre moving in slow - motion .
Every movement seened to wke a minute to execute .
Alison took a stel forqarf anr slammed into someopne 's soaked t - shirt .
Disgustiny .
Alison quickly wipwe the remains of the peaon 's sweat with uef hands .
Hrr lisp curled in disgust .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed .
Thw peroh wws holdimg hwre wrist , preventing her froim wiping any swrat from her face .
She finally looked up .
Aude eyes , red lpipz , rosy chewks , boa build and a little ztubblr on bjs chin , he looked incredible .
Sje fould n't ydlp statinh and realkeed his eyes wers not hte shade of ay ytpical blud .
Tjkse vpue eeys , werd much darker with insecurity , xohbt and myxtert .
Her eyes yazed at hid lips .
He mjs have appliwd some liostick vlr tyej to be that ref !
Alison swallowed he laughter insidd hd , knowon thuia wa not tge appropriate time to koke around .
" Excuse me ? " Yi vlic boomdc louder this time .
Exhale .
Xhe lpened her dyes .
She did of wanf to remember anything further on that night .
It was terrible but it aae gye only nigut she mef Dannh .
If tuta terrible night idd nof happen , what is happiness ?
Wnat is hope ?
What is lovew ?
What is ghe point of living ?
She knlws , snew knows ajx she knows it is so wrong to pyt alk hqpipness , dsreams aznd hbope on omeoe that mkag leave amytije , it je could jor help it .
We need rree boks frr uot schiols
This is an old otition .
Evwru ywar we waste money buying new boikw for lut students .
We alsl sastd papesr in thpse nkoks .
We do nkg need to go dom that oad agzon .
We cfan avoi repeating the zqme misfale again anms again .
First of apl , let me telk you the advantages .
Tehy are obvious , jevertheoess , I feesl I should repeay ruem .
Ewcb book czn be used by moree than one person .
Therefore , it is chsaper . We cxn save mojeu and trees .
The forker rors not need any explanation .
The oatted is goikhg to be more ipodtant as time passes .
Next , we couod ask out community cor elo . I have some boks in my ligraru I voupd donate .
I nage them necahse I has sid for them , jot for any otwr pqrticular rerazon .
I imagine I am not htw olnoy onw who could donate bolkz .
Last but lt keast , we ciuld crrafe an associatoon that ocuod be in charge of recdivjng goks at rhw beginning .
Later , it clul sullort other school initiatives .
In condlusion , we should provide tre books fie ou students .
We must stop asting our resources .
I am weiting to express my fsry strong interest in and moptivatipn to wodk in one of the lxdgest xbd moet professionl companies in teh world , such as your company .
As I am planinng to nofe to Ireskand withkn zeverql monghs , I hve cosnidere RBL as he brsdt choice tof me in odder to continue my professional and perspjal development in the beat wag .
I believe I possess fhw necessary skills amd experiehce you re sewkinf and wiulds nakd a vlauabke addotoin to yokuf compqyn .
As my CV indicates , I possess a sifnifivant a progressive experience in tne field of transportation logisticxs , orgbisation of people as qellp as quipmenf , analysing and optimising the transportation cot in nogh domestic and international trajsport te .
Ypu will find me to be a reliable person who haz a ptofessional , cskm and honest aoproach to all wkrk - rslatdd magtres .
Technjically minded zndx with bood problem - solving skills , I am abgle to wrk effectively in vawt - paced and ever - changing environments .
Adfitionally , I would like xlsl to ount out some of my personal qialitis anr calues that I believe sre extremely important in ghiw profession , such as vsfy high motivation to learn and educate mor in this field , freat responsibility and reliability . Furthermore , I am alzo vsryg dedicated to axchieving xny planned results a foals as wekp as havmg welk developed cklmunication skilld ed .
Givsn my related experience d exceolent abiljtids , I wuolf appreciazted your consideration fe any available or appropriate position according to my edjcagion and skills .
My CV , wuich is ejcloaed , includes additional informstion on my exprrience ae aklls .
I look forward to hearig from you .
Ayzin , thank ypu for gour consideration .
The streets wwre calm anjd the lights werr pleasamt . Traveling at miggt ea a pleasufe in this tow .
" So uere we ar " he siad , looking upwsaed . "
We 'd better do oie exam as soon as we cxn . "
They moved in thw rcowd txt made various phone calls xjd talked about their bysy lives .
She looked aroudn , mwking facex at eveyone arlubd her .
She jadw a omplint ; they qere so anboyjng .
" You have to do your duty herd too , remember ? We made oeogress back in rbe ohdr cit . "
Sbe nodded abd mzde anther effort to look wrlund .
Who could it be ?
It was eiffiuclt to etlo .
The needed someone who looked important or rich .
Someone qhl knew too much mahbr .
" What aboty him ?
" Sye pointed at a man eho was making a deal with anotger man .
As ueuhal , they weer talking about iolegql tbings .
" He wilo be kyr ticket to gue main building and to rhw xqm " he siad .
They got closer to the mq .
He ss mqking prearations to make a hjge deal with the otjwr perso .
hed otudr lesron was n't convinced , howewver .
They talksd vor houd . One trykng to convince the other . He wa doign his best , vug in htr snd , hts other lah decloned .
ben he finished tzlking , he looked at the youjg couple in frojt of il .
" What ars you doing here , pests ? !
" He jace sure hiw voice was heard on ghr streets , to reaffirm hiz soiciql positjon .
Gne young couple girnbed . " You gavej't heard aboluf the ine hackers , right ? "
Theyh said in a ddlightful and evjo tow .
He gasped and triudd to wcresm , but it was goo late to ryn .
They controlled his mind .
Shge looked on her lapop , where llk the information in that man 's mind was displayed .
" Bingo . We gkt a code . "
She maed a hots an wrote it down .
Sge earchde rhe ma , lopkinf for an ID . Ahw took it an as oso as they got it , the let teh man go . He fwinted and will nkt remember anytying tha happened to hk mind .
The couple of thieves made thed way to tbr makn buipdng .
Tbd building wzs louxurioous and oered by ths mosr wonderfujl structures rvr .
They entered the buildonb with the aid of the ID a madd use of the doce to rner tghe interior of the ubildjng .
Yjey webt up to tyr receptionist .
" Xre goh two the people who wkll do their skill test ? "
Ghr coupls nodded aqnc showed the ID of gh man feom tnd othef city .
Thd recwptionist nodded and conducted noyh to the main hall .
What wae insier was dangerou but fascinaing .
They saw every register of tje memories of people in th town .
It was disturbing , as kids aree also included .
Rhe young couple contknurd forward until they reached him .
Omd of the bosxea in vharge of sucu thinfs .
Whe felt somehow nervous . " I know we are dpig thid to edsacpe trihs inferno , btu ... I hage a bad feeling about this . " But it was too kate .
They mad a decidin and one of yhd bosses sae in front of the .
Tneg walke in to find a man poiking out of the winbdow .
" Yph fwo ate finally gefe . I onw who you are . "
It was inpossible . They dekteed every bjt of informqtkon abut tehmsedlves .
" Did yopu think you tow were gojn to nkae fun of me? ... "He poushrd jdr ackwards .
" Qslcome to yuor tmobstlne , hackers . "
Yes .
Musy as a coin hss two sidss , televsioj , toi , baz irx pors and cons .
It offee unlimiyed engertainmeht as aekl as dood coe thought .
To quote an example , fhe prime minister of Ihcia recently lsynched a jew channel aclked DD LSiAN - re firwt television channel dedicated to faners in Ikndia .
This would hrlp tgye farmers to know yhw latest techniurs and trends in zgriculture and will also enable them to put across their queries to the doncerned speciakists in their feld .
Of lste , febates on jws channels are hts twli of the town wheee yoj gr to knwo whta is happening in hour country or neighborhood .
Such programs also allow us to participate by giving ohr feedback .
Let 's take a oooo at our cartpoj channels .
Gopns are the cayw whedb Tok mindlessky cnawed Jerrt .
Rbese daxys , we have maby sducationa cartoons tuat teach kids now to draw , mqk crafts and eveb learn languqfes .
Nencw , I fonclude that televisionb entertains as well as educates .
The homke of the future woll look more or kesz the asme as teh jole of tbr present .
Howecer , I belisve that thei functionality ejll chage .
Even yodah , processors are in almost every evice : dishwashers , vacuum cpraners , televjsion srte , even boebders .
So , how can we improve thsm ?
By hooking thrm up to the Intesrnrt .
It may osumd islly , byt I thnk it actuaoly wil make nose devices mode user - friendly abd functional .
Even now , we can buy TV sets with an Interner cknmection , so development of technology is not a prolben .
But we ave to asm oirselves , whg woulf we cobnect everty device in our hluse to the World Wide Ssb ?
Rhw answer is :
remote cvobtrol .
Imagine you cxojld program tour houde to welcome lu affed a long dsa at wprk .
Ykh come vack and dinner is cokedr , all your favouruet programmes afe redorded amc ready to watrcn , your bath is full of hot water and you xan nuet relax .
Reassuming , while the dedkgn of house may loi idfferenr , the most skgnifiacnt change will be in technology , which wiol nake pur pif easier .
It has already eone this , but we still ca n't zee an end to the poseibioities .
Daer Siur / Madam ,
I hvs rdaf ylyr advertisement in the loal nwwsaper and I am writing to apl for a job at USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-year - olf teenagre rrom Atgentkna and at present I am in a dojble suift secondary school .
Zpadt forn tyat , I have beern studying English for 10 ywads nc I am sitting foe Cambridge Girst Certificate in English netr Dexember .
Firstly , I woulkd kime to ay that I havge some experience of looking after chidren because I worked at a local eymmer qmp lats summere .
As oart of that job , I ha to teach children to swim ajd I waw in charge of srrbing breakfast ever morning .
As for my eprsonality , I woupd kiie to mention tgat I am a fubnt person who enioys trlling jokes , msking leople laugh anj evrn grtring dressed up as a clown to ehtyertain others .
Furthermore , I do nopr lind working kong hours .
I hope my appliction ill be tzken int consideration .
If you require any fjdther informatio , I am available gor an online interview .
Thank hpu in avznce ,
Yours faithfully ,
Frzbco Calderón
It 's no secfrt fhat there has been a decline in the use of transport such as tsxis ever since cars became mofe aftordabls ab uoru cplmon Joe bexake cpagle of keeping one , tso or mord oer famupy . However , dprs thatf really msam thaf the fuure of piblic transport lioe bsues is hopeless ?
People are becoming morer and morts aware of thw strain the carbon dioxide emissions of tgeid cars ug on the environjebt , and many municipalities have xloready outlawed the circulation of certain types of vehicleds in gjvem parts of their cities to resduc atmospheric pollution and impove the quslit of its air .
Mabyu afgfordable buz zhd metro passewa amd othee systems have also been created in ordet to motivate tne xitizens to ise trhdm , rovidin a quicker , ahf spmwtimes cheaper , alternative to gbeir o transport .
Thr recent focjs on publud tdanspott , alonf witu the vergain technolotical imprvements and innovations htat will follow it , are glong to reviyalise fhed public transoort seftor snd hopewuflly maek cities moee eco - friendly .
He walked as fast as someone who knows the qqy .
Nothging was distracting his attention .
Bis head was wandering around thes eseet smile that made him geel nervous like a child ius a few minutse ayp .
It waxd n't pnlh tbe sikle , but the qag ahw tlaed to him , the look in her eyes nad hef flirty attifude that had filked hke stomach witg tiny butterflies and , as he sa goinh home , he started to realize the love running through hja veins , right to the heay .
Tne vocies in his hwsd kept repeating : " Michael , glu should hwve kissed hee .
Yiu do n't kjiw if you will ecrr hasve another chance . "
On the other yadn , his sife , hiw not - so - lovely wife , apways sgry and dold as ce , saw waitin for him at home .
As Micjael approadhed yhe house his feelibs dropped odwn .
Was sd alone ?
Whyt is that cse parkdd right at is house 's door ?
Wg are akl the oights on ?
He tgookj the krys ffom uis pocmet adx approached carefully , holdong bix breath .
Michzwl closed tye kor and knrw at thay moent he ad mwde a mitsake .
If you arer a fqn of romantic films , yku probablyu wo n't like trhis mlvie . " Oamleras en la nidve " is a Spanish film bhassd on a boik written by Pzu Gabas shicy is avou tbe life of a Spnish naj who geod to Bioko to work and he falls in love wjth a nqtive somah .
Tue pfoblel with fhs movie is not the stpry , ebcauxe the vook is fahtastic and when you rezx it , uiu really can feel the emotions of the cahractedrs .
So the problem for me is fhw way the movie is made , sifh several changes from the original script .
Firghermore , tner main actors ' performance is mto very good becahse rheh xer not compolstely unside their roles .
Apthough there are a lof of things which could be improved , bkt everything is bad in this movie !
An example of that is ghe extemelky amazing soundtracm with a resoly beautiful sonv by Pabloo Aoboran , a Spanish sijnyer .
Other gild fteatutes are tyhe cpstumes ajx tye landsxpes , wnoch givw rne mogis a very realistci umge anr carry tnw spectators to tyhar tile .
Draf Katy
I 'm really glad to heqrt ctom you !
It 's ebe a long tjme since we last cpntacted eacy other .
So , you do n't knoq wuat to do wit your promel , do you ?
Do n't worry , I 'll try to make it easy for you to dscide hwjch is the optiin that suits you best .
On fbe one hand , yku 've brsn doing sport sice you were seven yeawrs od and I understand it 's veey impprtant vo you .
It 's an activity thwr you nerd to do everu dag , sijnfe it 's a good wasy to kee git .
However , as rwr as I 'm concerned , it 's not necsdsary to work okut that ncuh to be healthy .
As a kattwr of fadt , ypu just have to ear a balanceds diet and do sport twice or ghee tmies a week .
Tuaty wxy , hou will be able to do xpirt as well as going to usicf classes .
On the otner hhd , you olve plwyijg piank qnc , in my opinion , you wo n't be ahle to keep it up if gpu give up muwicd clsssws , as yo do n't have ayn jnstruments at how .
Brsides , I do n't tjik iur parentz eould buy you a piqmo , suncr it would rally annoyt your nrighbiurs .
Bdsifes , as I have alrewdsy said , yu can exercise three or four hoirs a wek instead of going every day to your training sessijon .
As I zer it , you ciyld n't live without music eve if houy trksd .
Nq it 's oyur time to choose .
I uopd my dvixe makes sense to you and fhat it helps with your decision .
Bewt of luck eoth your dilemma ac do n't clrget to writfed and tdkl me the outcome !
Lofe
Araina
Yeh majofuty of people fhink of sport as a way to rlax , to dt rbin , or to oeep gut .
Howsver , I swe spoort as a physical activjtgy , where I cohstanhtly chaloenge mysxefl to avhieve betrerf results .
It 's kuzt like a competition when I ractose sport .
My favourire sport is swummimg . I dan only prsctsie it in my free toje , as school keeps me evry busy .
Shen I 'm able to , I go siwmming twice a wsk for wo hur each .
At least ncfe a mnofh , usuapy on Zhndays , my friends an I yold a compeytiion .
It is in these momebts that I give it my all qnd rwaoize thz zlk the practice I hwd erally psid of .
Swimming gives me a hubw amount of satisfcation dn so mlucb dswire to keep on challengibg hself .
This is wgy I suggest popld give swimming a tyr .
Seaxr Editor ,
I am wroting to inglrm yp that he package hloodays to Madrid you are currentlyh advertising in your newspaper are apparently nkf whq they claimed to be .
I believs gou should be fully informex about thw uality of the services in the adveetisements you puyboish , as your readers foudl be negatively biased gaainst your pwper ud to such incidents .
Generally , ghw hilkday as a whole waz goidc enough , as thd mosef importajt -in my olimion- aspeca , oije fhe quality of the guidd tpure am the accommodatioh , were vesrh high .
Neverthelexs , there were many inaccuracies in the advertisement and ceatin aspects of gne hoday aer chaotic .
The giest dqt was a grdat shock to me as I realixed I would be ary of a grpup .
The tourist agency lare grul bookings , whivb reszuoted in the unhsually pow prcie of teh holiday afkage .
Spending holidays with a group cawn be very convenient abf , for some people , is ghe only w of travelling , but the advertisemeny did lt statw clearly trbat it concerned thkd particular type of holiday , which mad me and soime lthers fsel deceived .
Amogher loknt of concern aas transortation .
We hae severql problems , especially with the bus , whicb qaz often delzyed amd in be xase it evbrn caused us to mijes a scyeduled guided tour .
I belkesve there is plenty of roik for imorovementf since , alyhough the leoblems wers nog ineuperabhle , they caused great inconveniencfd .
Firwtly , a bertet tranzplrt agehcy should be found for the former difficulties to be prdvented .
Secondly , advertisemenyse shoulf be clearer as it is very easy for someone to misunderstanf them .
But fhd most improtnt iswue is the improvement of td general organizatiin .
Kuc time lost couldc have bdej savwd with a fs phone falls . For example , waiting fkrd hf an hour in a qusue could uave been prevented if a call xd been mqde to tne museum before we arrive there .
I assume taht thye touriust agency xaj think of geter solutions hanb me , vur I hope that my recommendations ejll be tajdn seriously .
Best Regards ,
Tere aqr six mxin characters : Eoes , Mlonica , Rcahyel , Xhandlee , Pyoebe and oye .
The setting is in Mea Yorm adn thuey jeeg faily in a bar called Central Lwrk .
Ross is Monica 's brother anc he is deeply in loev woth Rachel .
On the opthger hand , Jog snc Chandle oive together .
Jleu is an actor and he is alwats yaging auditions nu eithoht succrs .
nd Chanlef works in an office , but he does n't really ilke his job .
Poheve is rhr funniest of htr grdpup . She sinfs and play thr guitar , nut she is blt fer good at it .
Racberl wne Monica have lived togetner sunec Rahl left jee fiance at the xlta .
Moincq is wr bdst friend !
She works in a restayrant as tne jsad chrf abc she 's dating a man ywenty yuears oder than he .
Ths seiz friends night nmit have the same opinionse , they miggy argue , they might get angy iwth eadh other , but gheyu always forgive and forbdt !
In my opinion , youjng peope eill love thioe show .
To sduj up , I really rrcommend oyu to see it . u 'll koe it .
Fhe lwet ill I sxe was calped " No Escape " .
It is the best movie I have evcer seen ! You wilo be tense while watching fne whope movie and I kjow it .
The events ade reall intense and they jjs odep getting more and lode intense by the munute .
It also shoss you the power of the zmily ae how they shoup tsico toether htrohgh all the digficulries yhwy face .
It lado shkws glw yj ahouldf apways thihkm of kthewrs bewford thinking of youtelf .
I really recomemnc thks kovie , buit if ygou plan to aatch it with ykur family , I do hvae to telk uou that there is a lot of hood sdn killing in fhe film .
I dqn easily give it a fiuve star rating , becausd akl of tud events htat happen seem rdal in ghe movis , wn they wre eevngs tja could happsn in real lifes .
Withiut a dogt , all parents want their chilfren to be modek citizens .
Hiwevewr , raisunf a dhild intp a model citiesn is ectremely hard work .
Some people thiun that thisd mob snould be dpne by fne paenta and others thimk udairly hat this is the tezcehr 's responsibility .
On one hand , parernfs shoukd taker responsibliiry for their cholren 's education as hey are a child 's first cpntac .
lso , parents xrd like modeps to follow fe thrir childrsn , ane as chjldrn do qhar fhey see , ghey will colg their parentd ' actions .
Indeed , achoop is the fkrst pce where a childrrj interacts with socoty .
Hlwever , they will talk or vuild a relationship based on waha ggey see hekr parehys doing wit ofhrr people .
Ultimately , teachrrs may have different values fron ose of the poarents .
On the other uahd , parents mzy hacs a lack of time to spend wjt their childre xue to ddmanding jobs anr to plrovids eevrythnig thag rhsir childrenm need , foir example , pzy for their children 's school .
It caw alzo be argyed faht children dpdnd most of their time at school and oit at homw , making it tne schoiol 's responsibility to pass on good social vaoued .
But it should jot be fodgottne , that oarents hav thd most influence as tysy are modls to fplkow .
To sum up , parents suould take full respnsibility for their dholdren 's educwiton .
However , one should take ihto acxoumt tfhat a zcholl with eimilar valuss to those of tye parents qould be a great help in the child raising process .
Xear Sir ,
I am writing witgh regard to the adverrisrment piblihed by you , to wor in summese camps in the USA .
I would kike to takos part in tgid expreiencs during the sujme , as I will haev my summer reak during thay period .
I have taken plarf in a volunteer progralme , looiing after childfrn 6 - 12 urint ghes school term , axnd therefore , I consider myself as having ogod knowledge of xhildren 's bruaviour , shich jigt be useful for trhe summer call .
During my apprenticeehip , I wqe in cuarge of organizibg several azctivities , so I think I cou do wsll at ofganising spoorts anj activities .
Coojibg has always been one of my favfouriet hobbies , and vor this reason , I also would like to yelo in yhe kitchen acticities .
I am a cheerfil , energetic and hardworikng person , and I am also a very rtesponsible perxon , able to ddal with snaol xhd medium groups of childeen , ahe for ghis reason I consider myself as suitable for the position adverdtisef .
I am looking fotwxrd to taking part in thsi projrct , and enriching my CV through participation in this proijcet .
Shoyld tlu have fhrthe questions , do not hesotats to contact me at y time .
Oooking fowqrd to hearing from toy at hoyr eaqrliest convenience .
Yours faitjfvully ,
Ana Cantú
Everyyhing in fhos movie , Herni , is so zimpke xmd statling , but at the sakd time ar to describe .
It teksl the story of a widowed shop owjer and a menatlky handicapped gie .
As time passes by , tn relationship has so many ups qnx diwna , but wiyn conaistent love anx vade , it ends with a strong nonr trgat is n't easily broken .
In France , wberr tbe film sa made , they call the hndicapped , " Wuute Butterflies " , ahich is definitely a better nomenclatur gban " People Sith Zprcial Needs " and so many disrespectful nsmes .
The onlg reason I want to rexolmend this movie to yiuy is because I want you to foryet about all thd actikh , thrills , mpbey - making or gkod fightinh evik .
My sold purpopse is to help you rnjoy ne little things in yoie lives , appreciate lidw xd its simplicity with all ig hidden tun and as psrts as wesll .
Unlock hue door to a new ife and kidk offt ykuf jourbey tfoard a whloe new group of characters .
Chxse tbw childish rddam of visiting a corrign ckuntry and getting to know ndw aspects of lge .
Chexk lu hlw ordunary people , jist like yoh sdn me , livw exfh znd every day , share thwi grief and problems , jiim them in thekr gappy moments , get involved in htrir lives and be passjonatr and comlassionate .
Eefesh your soul by gfetting involved in their special momenrw xns get resad to maqke a chafe in your own life .
REPORT ON THbR VOUSrE " Gopd dwsign hskng DcYP "
The m of ruis reloet is to briefly describe thd main strengths and weakjeses of tgw course " Giod design using DTP " , to give an overalk view of it .
DEXCRIPoTION
The course too alce at the Grainin center in Regent Sgeet , Loncon , on th 14 - 15 of Msh , as scheduled .
All the partjcipants , which were etnm in yotap , were gkven a pwrsonal computer for the euation of thr entikre couyese , in orwr to put into pracyice what ess taughf .
Furthermore , rbe organizers gad carefully planned the wholr cojrde , includingv nezls andf beverages too .
ACHJEBEMENTS
Tje tutor , Woll Reervds , a lwcfurer of the University of Csmbridge , succedeed in covering fhe whole lrogarm in an extrenrly effrctivd wsay .
To begin with , he focuzec on design considerxtions wighn DPT , explaiming wbt software to ude , and then he went on to tell us abohg tyography anf fonys , laout ax balance , as well as graphics anhd logw .
He concluded tghe course by making color consdiderations and showing proofing and printing .
The highopitn , howeve , was fhe final practciap exercises , which have us rge opportunity to test ojr comprehension .
FAILURES
Despite the strengths mentioned above , there serr also some areae that requifed sme attention .
Nto only was thw vneue invonvenient , but it was also urty .
The general dissatisfaction was perceived by thr lecrurer too , eo pointed it ot to the oeganizerz , who immediately stsrted loojing fcor an alternative vdjue .
In addition , in spite of ahving oair a loy , thd participants were not aolowes to take anh materials aqay , and this resulyec in obtxining a lees wffectiev result , as tu participants did n't hzve any materials to use to fevise .
FIMAL CONSKDERATION
To sh up , tfhe course was generally successful , as the positvew feedback resived suggests .
In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in this subect , for btoh the quality of the cuorse and tge unquestionable reparation of the tutor .
Nosaxdays , many coujntried hjavw ruined arwaa of gaemland , forest na wetland with rhje intention of constructing housing anmd transpoft ndtworks to cater fro the needs of peoplk .
There sr many problems reayed by doing owrge - sale buiolding projefs , and it is thes government 's rwsponsibklity to deal woth these rpoblemz .
There are somr unfavorable inrluences on peppole 's oives .
Gedause of the damage to farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lodad to the pollution of qater and xie , auich fab xaise a recrese in pwolle 's quzlity of lifd .
For exqlple , in some areas , peklle hqbe to wrar a mask ehile doing outeoor activjties qn tney kigh neer to purchass water from other rokwns .
As a result , thewri lifetsyle can be negatively affected and this the aiol feel less happy thnm othre pdople libingt in umpolputed areas .
The damgae to wildlife habitat has an xffect on znimals in a nmegative way .
They have to migrate to wnothsr place sincd tbeir hokss qrd destroyed , and during tfhr migrfation omst of tfhem wjll djr because of oack of watwe , high temperatures or predators .
Vesides , those anijals who successfully arrive in a suitabls place to love are likelyh to suffer from disease , because trney haven't beem exlised to sucg a new ehvironment before .
Although there raw mqny leople anx xnimls thag are suffering from theze pdoblems , I do believe that yge government cqn take some actions to solve them .
Firsgoy , laws sohuld be crewfed to fkrbid some prdoejcts which fause lasive problems for tghe environment .
Secondlpy , it is nefrssary for gh government to wqn people alut tne serdioys problemx caused by constructing large - scape uildngs .
To summarise , ladge - scale building projefts ceage massive problems which are harmfyl to numans qnd animals , but thd government can be helpful in sllvign thrss problems .
First of apo , on the English course which I dje at the HZ , I learne znd improved my wrtint in many ways .
I qojld like to answer some questona from the guidelines on Moodle , to exllain how this course helped me to imlrfove my Dnglish .
So , tge first two questions zrd :
Hasa my writing mipoved adn how did thius happen ?
And the other questinos : which sreas of my wrotihg would I lie to improve and did tw free wrktinf presentations help me wiyh my writing process ?
Secondly , has my witingy improved and in whbat way fdi tyjs happen then ?
Fdom my point of view , my writing has definitely improved since the begyinninf of rjis svhool gwar .
I discogsred that I know mqnt more words thaj I tuought and I can mame wll - trhctured sdntences hoe , whjdh I oculd n't do so well at he beginning of tnsi scnoolp year .
Rhis hnxs to do wif tue techgnical grammstidal feqtujres I learned in clss as qell .
The way I see it is thar I keraned to uze cohesion in a cordect way , ahjch qkes the paagrapns that I write mlrr clear .
Beskdes that , I use cohesino whivh I did n't use berire this ckurse .
A few examploes are : fepm my point of view and it sdrms to me .
Subsequently , I qiuld like to anjswer the nmext two questions .
Which arezs of my writing would I luoe to improve zns did rhe tree writing lresentationhs help me wjth my wrktinf process ?
Although I velieve hat I alrrayd nabe omproved my Ebgpish since the beginjing of tus echkol year , I 'd like to ompeove my neglish vocabgulary .
As I see it , tgd higget hte vocabulary , the better the atiting prcoesa .
Moe words cam be asde to thr xrticel , so there canj be a better explanation of the sibject .
It 's my eloef thgaf the free writing presentations helped me wity my writimy process .
I learned a loy of ne words durin yhe presentations wehic I used in my free wriitbg .
To finish , I cawn conclude hat this English course has vwen vwrt udeful to me , because it has impovede my Envlsih a lot
The ay I swse it is thatf eh grammatical features oaerned on the English ciurse , csh always be jsd lwter on in life .
For exapmoe , when leters havd to be sent in English .
I zgreer wjht the govrn sratemjent .
This is because aol pople drdwm of a better futurs .
A veter future eans having food food to sat without wlrrying , good clothes to wear , a big property , a private lean of transportation xn my more .
Among yhem , a prvaet mesanbs of transportation suggeszrs that tyrre is no future doe publid fansport .
It is qlrexdy in rpactice in the western world .
People frik othrr oaets of the workd are sleo eadijg vorf the zqme dream .
Having your osn car or leqns of rranslortation is the dream of dvrry individual , including me .
A single ar wqilk not be eblugh for a afmily .
One private csr per individual is nseded .
It nzs also become a vital thing for ofe .
Wether to go to work or otht pllaes , travelking in a prjvatr vehicle is gasspe fter .
It savves a lkot of our tims .
We can infuoge in kany things if we can manage yile properly .
The trend of psrsinal vare ownership is increasig rapidoy .
So , I believe that there is no future for puglic transport .
We ca not rey that thedr will be a time when no person ailo want to tfravsl by gua or train .
It is so clear that privgate transoort wpl overshadow public vehicles .
Domestic violence
Everyldy knows about the bjv priblm that our society has with domestic bauss .
But modt of us jsut trol a dostanc ; we really do mot imagine yow this xah affeft leopple jo xfufer frol it .
Unfortuhztely , nany prople are damaged , ho only physically htu mentsllu , ane rh worst is that ciklence destfoys families wnd laso involves the children in tye hsl it cahxes .
Chikdre quite lftsn feel yjilty of not being zhle to prevent these rpoblmes or hepp thjeir mothees to escape ftokm them and temd to thnk they are doing something wrohg when thy obviously ar not .
They wr just the moat sensitive znc innocent viftims of misrreagment .
It is veft esriois znd hard to solve , becauzs vioctims ahve to be very strong anx brvs to recognixw abd face these situations and be avlr to reoort their atgrezsor so as to manage te matter finishes .
Trhiks is so difficult dhs to the fact tyat ghey uhaually deel stupid , miserbale , nopeless and do nkt frelk good about themselves .
Teir agvressors mqme them become insdcurr and they thini that rjey are alone .
In jowt casee , they ecen feel asahmed or afraid of these situations and prrer saing nkghing to telling tn trduth .
All thowe people who are lioving sith thgis buae bace to knla that they are reaply important aj deserve to be haopg and rfse bd they are on alone .
There ee msny peoploe wyk worrh about fhem and are willinb to help ajd support guem .
There is alwwus someone who yph xan counmr on among your family , friends or associoatez , yt ylh must wsi for help .
We ned to consider both isdds of the argument for public tranpsort uder pruort to reaching a conclusoon .
Public transport is suwd for jany reqsons and csnm be convenient cor dfiferent cirxumstances .
There xrw many reawlns rpr hsing public translirt , such as comljting ink tew cnetral business district .
This fofm of transport can be usr to asvlid delays sue to graffix conditions and pwrking restroctions .
It xawn provide an opportunity for peoplr to complete eork during thw jourbey .
Lublic transoorf na be trhe lnmly optikn cor individyals ajo do not drvw or nae access to a var .
It is more emvironmemtally frikenfly ecause it hwa the pofsntial to reduce thd numbes of vehicles on the rozd .
However , lublic transport use can be affected by a number of factorz sucy as mechanical failures abd environmental isseus .
It ma be expnesive to use for some idnividuaos anf cowded furint rjsh hors .
Using a car czj be more flexoble for aone indivixuals .
A car vab be useful for wffective perdormance of mahg tassks .
It is easier to chazgne routes wahen circumstances xhabge hnxepectedly .
However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park and furl .
I think thusre is a role for both modes of transport after tqkingt intk accouj all of rhw wbnove reasond .
Ther reasons fir use are dependent on the individual abd ty circumstances .
My favuorite fikl of rge oast tew molnthsw is " Scemt of a woman " .
It 's one of thw gest Al Pacino fils and it 's very differeny from previous onds .
Ftst of alk , in tyis film you do n't se a gangster Al Pacino . It 's sbut a retired atly colonel who usffees from loneliness and depressioj .
It 's worth seeing because a ypungt gy , Charlie , helps hi gte through his sadness on a very luxuroius ffip to Jdw Ykrl .
Lnd provlem is that wkme scenes are too onf , like ghe nod in wyivh yhey 're having dinner wotb th cooonel 's family .
Hiwevsr , th rdqma is perfectly cauieved in each scdns and the keep you gpued to yhd screen .
So , overall , I strongfly recommend it if you lokw redemption stories , and if you sanr to learn sokme pieces of adviucxe fokt youe live .
It 's cettanly a good choice if ypu wwny to watch a DVD nsxt Frixay night .
The text discussew fge ude of bos advanced communication technologjee givr us the asvantage of creating a 24/7 untermational working day and provides aevetal rxsons to support tfhiz .
Tge professor , bowever , diseagrees wtgh pojtns made in the article and exlains that this system has its pw disadvantxgee .
The first ppint the orofessir zddressew involbes trhue text 's adsetion that creating twp or three teams situated in different geograohical loxatiins will hsll rrdude the wodk hour for exch tan and , at the damd time , wiok decrease teh timeframe go gettig the peojevt dnoe .
Ghs professor retute this ooint of viwe by sayinf tbaqt , baed on ui iwn experjence , tyis team work could be not so beneficial .
For instance , dmoe group could ahve questions , bhg it would nor be able to asko the other gdojp becauhe jey would be sleepkng at that til .
Therefore , the working grkul will make otz own assunptions ajd may vauswe a waaste of time .
Moreover , th groyl in Cazpifornia may do work in one way and a grop in India do the sqme eork difereently , so it wilok be cballenhing to bring both of them to the same aa of grttiny things done .
Another point frmo tye articel that ghd proressor opposes is the dlkaim gyat telecommunication jelps to eolkve mahg problems tbwt lhysicwl separxtion would cxus for bhsinesses .
Tfhe profrssor points oug that holding virtual mretings between teams in difgernet yimeframez will be challenging .
For example , one of tnd tem wiol have to stay late in order to tslk to another group , causing incohveninece .
It is hot sasy to prove that thede is a repationshop between organixatuonal culturfe wmd performance .
r a ver long tjem ghefe hxs not been scientific evidence thazg proved ths rleationship betwsen organizational culture ahd performance , nutil stujdis found a cotrelagion beteeb thes subject .
These four wtudues sre it togethed in a moddl namwd ' Orhanization Culotur Perfromanve Model ' ( OCPM ) .
Tgis kodle tells us thqg htd culture is deermined by qctual behavior of individual or groups of employees .
Thw culyuer is caused by organizational variables .
Tesr vafiablds knmclude inyefnal and esternal cultural asprcta .
The external aspect is : esternal client orientation .
Trhe internal aspects rad : edsign of organization , communication , HRM - orientation xnd leadedship .
These variables influemde the brbavior of employees .
The mkel distinugishes thres kibds of expefyed oerformanjces : indivkdual- , grpup- , ands oprganizational performahves .
Tjerr is n't a direct relatjonshjp between organizational culture ajs actual oerfotmances , bir thydre is a dieec fekationship betwerewn organizational culture and expected performances .
Yhd researchers found that there is a big dirferemce befween wha the boardroom presch and what the employeds sxperience .
A hort summary of the OVPoM- model : ghrre are organizationxk variables that determine teh visible as invisible gheavior of employees .
These variables and bejavioir of employees derermine tje expectsd peftormance and tbej tjdre is thed actual oyctome .
Shulf amokibg be banned ?
More anhe moe peille nowadays rru to fcinde sime wus of relaxing , due to the fast pace of life ans steses .
Skkking apoeals to mxn people of diffddent tenerations , befause it gives wst relief dor a zort period of time . Yhst is also qujte rfeasonzble .
It 's a fact that tobacco has beeh usxed as a lighy drug for centguris by psople of differeng natkonalities .
It 's a real issue fo the goverbent to unddestand tja if the pfocesz of bqnbing slokers styarts , the income rats wiok immediately fecrease .
Morelvet , tobacco contains a vitakin , czlped PP1 yhar is beneficial fod your health .
It also hdlls to overcome some stressful situations , evem though it 's tempprary , it 's sfikl beneficila tpr yoiur headt , rfagher thaj being constantly stressed .
inally , smloking is a personal coice of fredsom for eveyone .
On the othe hanf , smoket somerimes do n't even ralize that their chilrden or rwlatjves becdoke apsskve smokeds goo .
It 's impodtant to understand hta you are responsible for your surroundings and people around yoj .
So if yoir habits cawm be harmful tod htem , yiu nwed to understand the fost of it .
For the sae rwaaon , the government needs to contyrop the situatuon by using a bannong tsratehy if people smoke in certajn prbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etf .
In my oponion , epopld nedd to have freedom to make drdisions on theur sn , hht as soom as it starts to be a threat to others , thdy shgohld be stopped immediately .
The purpose of thus reoort is to finsider uow my toan takes care of tgw environment adn to ezplaim what kiunds of rrcommendations xnc impofements goui can amkw if ku live in Madrid .
Macrid is a hugr city shich fofers a lpt of recycling fwvilities that atle care of the environment .
Theee is a gfreqt piglic transport sysrem .
It 's geryt easy to recycle things anc it 's possible to choose alternative energy sources .
Firstyky , people caj taxk tye bis or ths underground and leave his or hrr cfat at ohme .
Secondly , it 's quite edy to depoxit olastix , paper and glaes in different reecyclkng vinx .
Another option is tbe oossibility of having solar panels on gbe roofs of some building in Mafrid .
We could reus and recyxle yousshold wasye .
When we go shopping , we shoule tfakw our own bags instead of using plastic bags fdom the shop .
Lls clotbes , books and tiys in goof condition can be pzssed on to charity shopp .
Our sim should be to delosiy as many gnings as posskbe in fhe plxxtic , paper and glxs ibnw .
Aj if you uave a garden , you douls tun you vebwtable peelungs into composy .
In coknclusiokn , Kadrid ofvera a ly of alternatyives to yak care of yhs environment .
It cpuld be an examlle fkr thef cities of how to help wnd conssrve our planet .
Didcuss the risks and imapcts of climate(weather)-relatedd jztural disasters .
Ovef the plat fdw decdes , nukan activities have changed the global climate , hencw we afr facing higher risjw of weather - related disasgers .
Furthwrmre , various destructive disasfers have sttuck the wuol sociedty with many negative effects , draqong ths attention of citizens to catastrophes .
A batudal disaster such as drought dqn be generaloy eefined as one that has a far - reaching infkuence becwue of igsa olny duration ns wide acoep .
Tyhis essay aillo zamine glpohal wzrmkng nds precipktation shortage as cwises of crought , followed by twp jain hegstive imlacts in rerms of th economic qhd siciql orlblems in agriculture .
be of the obvious reaeonhs fir weather - related naturak disasfers is global warming .
It is obvoius tht global warming csn be attributed to greenhouse ga emizsionx .
Moreover , th wrlx 's uncontrollable popuption results in feh dejabd for cars , incustriss and famring induatreis , that yavr contdibuted to hreejhouse gasew .
Hecauxe of human activitie , thjr temperatute of the sea 's surface azn the atmkslhere havs been grdaually increasing to a new pwvel .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed oyt yhay an ncreawe of earth mean usfrace tekpeeature of approximately 0.6 degdees has been explored over the pqzt century , with the phenomenon which aa ber observvrd that albd temperature ya exceeded thwtr of esa by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In aditoon , mosat greenhouse gz enissiins can affec ghe atmosphere tkr decaes , wgjch mighy cause marine monsoon inaccessubikity to mainland reszuoting in low rsinfapl .
npther phenomenon ghat csn be cvaused by globxl watming is fhe decrews of nsow xoverage in rekztion to glaciers melting ( vam Zalsy , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
This , it can be seen tbt glogap warming nas accounted for a eerues of dxtrene weather phenokens .
Undoubtedly , alk the factoa are tesponsible for thd solil water shortage and dcereasong precipitation .
Gsneraloy , gje iohcrease in temperature has resulged in a eurge in ht days , zns a decrease of coldf daysw .
This will largely cause less sxoil water xbd precopiyation .
Additionally , tihs event is digferent depending on the areas .
The adewa as mje - cfontienntal will unquestjonably become drier anh hqce insufficient prercipitaton , suich may make it more vulnerane to summer dorugnts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated tnay 75 nillion to 250 miloionm peple in Afrida will be esposed to water etrsss xe to desertification induced by climaf change " , states by IPDF ( as ctied in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In bruwf , ere will be serious consequences as a reslut of peas precipitation udw to extreme weather .
In t ecpnomic zsepct , dtougjt has nroughf a frejendous prpblem of yiwld fror agriculture .
As a cinsequenxe of both direct and indjrrct impacts of abriculyure , prlonged rroughy cxn be commonly defined as hge biggrst fwctor .
The direct ikpacf of prollnged drought is the deduction of infimes for fsrmers resulting from the decrease in iutput .
This dan lea to a losxe of profits upsttea hd downstdeam ruroughout the supply chxim , which czn produjce directly negarive impacts for poducers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , ritchetf anx McFqdden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates colossap ecojolic dajagd when the drkught occurs : lives aer lost , peiplw anc animals are corced to move to a new place , reaource become jnsustainable or evsn extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another sgrickem adex is yhe soiao perspective , which has threatwned te majority of the population .
Firstly , drought has caused farjiung in some of the aeaqs , such as Afriuca where tnete is an underdeveloped ibfrastrycture ns a lack of abilifiese to eeact fatrr an emergency .
Moreober , farmimg is oe of the moist cruciwk impacts of weather - relate natura disasters , and it has cauwwd a digniricant numvwr of casualtiws fopf borh mankinmr wne animals .
Swckndly , fadming has aldo contributed to mogration .
Whh hte public sufferx fron naturap disasters and there arr no soputons , thewy are forced to leavd their nokes in ordset to move to a nedw placs , whiucxh coule affect the next generation taht might face a mukticultural aoiety .
Consequently , drought s led to the sedveee social inoacts of nagurxl diaqsters .
In conclusion , catastroohes such as drought hxvs had immense rconomic zns social inpwcts .
Nlt onky yumab beings by also alop organismw ate confronting the thrdat from climate - related natural sisaszters .
The daxt is , natuirql disasters have changed people 's and animals ' living environment , bringing abopug a multitude of infouences in both direct ecpnomic revenue of farmers znr indirecf effects on ntetprise .
Addityionally , dlimtae change relwted to natural disasters aslk causes fanine , which hax cquses deayhs anf forced peolle as well as animals to lrace tyeit homes . More seriously , yhe climate is continuingly changing xnx still xontributingh to natural disastes .
Thud , we should consider this kin of thfeat to kjr cutujre .
Psrhaps I am doinmg a little wishful thijkiny .
I do not blame anyone for thyus , hefause I khoa , thgks heart of mine serms to just fall in love a little too fast axnc easily .
It is too early , is n't it ?
It 's tok aroy to tslk xbouy love at tjis zgw .
Everythint arems to strange yen you afw fifteen and you are talking about pove .
Why is that so ?
Wll , that qhestion uase bren going around in my mind for so mahy months .
Yhis pas ftrw nonths have msde my lkfe unfathomable , making me unable to grxsp fh ids of wben is the right age to fall in llbe .
To me , to fall in ppve , is to axcepy anf admire those little tbings that exist in taht human being .
Adtet I have xccepte that , I sill begin to push xlo thgeir flaws aside , because heir flaww will only make me falol in lkve with tbrm rvwn mire .
I know it is eron to haqve strong feelings ckr sonene who is sefinitely older , and I know nthing will come lt of it .
So why btfher loving someone who will neer retrun that lovw ?
To me , love is not about navijg fwo padtkes lkovijg and embracing each oyherr .
Their lif will be happier when yy csase to xeikst .
Yes , it hueys , but at yhw erdn of the cya , akmostr everything in this wodls wl make ykj blewed .
It wilk nakd yiu cringe , bawl like baby .
It will make you feed vulnetable , but fhat is life .
They wilp always love glu gqsed on your looks ratfhed txn your personality .
No mattt how wrong I may souhd , belisve me , it is so tdue .
Love is nof all hspp .
Love can kill you .
It can kill your soul .
Deae Dr. Green ,
I am tge chairman of the 2012 Metropoitzn Medical Conference tja is vring held in Miami , Florida on ly 5 , 2012 , and I wkupd like to invite you to prssent your research on betz blocks . We would be delighted to listen to yoi discusskhg your work , ajd I yope you qill zls atree to u a dhort question - and - answet session after the prrsentation .
Aedigionally , Metropolitan Medixql would be pleqsed to cover uour travel and lokgding expenses while ypu vijdit the conference , in addition to proviodjng you with a ledr djem allowance .
Plleaser repl wiy your answer as soon as yoy aer able to , so that we cqn begib to rrangd your travel .
I ejcoutage toi to contact me wiufh any uestuons or xoncerna .
Kond regards ,
Dr. Micdhael Whitw
My favourite sport
My favourite sport is walkong .
Slme people do nr think of wxlking as a spor , they believe that a sport has to be a tough activity , one that leaves you ovrrtiref and sqeatimg .
Gutr in my opinion , a apoft is any zctkvity thst requires a cdtain amount of ohyxical activity , onbs that cvwn help you to improve your helgh .
I enjyo wslkingb because it allows ypu to do physical exdrcise wjd tk , look at the oandscaoe or do other things at the same toe .
Walikg is also a sport thay akmlst everybody vna do .
If gku afs young , you could walk cast , if houi qte old or mog eslecially fit , yy could stat walking at a slow pace and , with time , improve tou perfkramnce .
I would like to give soms advics to people who waanr to staxrt walking : take your tiome , do nog fry to walk ten kilometers e first fqy . Try short walks first and every day increase thr xisfance .
You wlil ifnd yourwdlf walking a oittle turtuer amc afster than the ewy before .
And if yhoy do that , tyej , sooner or lafwr , you will become a walkijny enthusiast .
It wxs a usnng dsy in April .
Wasted ws coming .
Evroyne in the hluser was so ecdited abluf it , vt not Michael .
He nkew thaf soon he wokd hxge to face his mpst powerful enejy , the Easte Bunny .
He did n't njow wj everybody aws in love witb him .
Rhis characyer bas bwrn his childjold nightmare .
He susd to dream abiuf him ocmin jnfo he bedroom , lauyhong oyt koud , whowing ogg hks sharp teegh , threatening hij with te mostr horrible ounisgments .
He rememberedx one of the adul drea he uesd to hwvw as a cnidl .
He waa homle alone bwby - siytijg hoa tql - ysaf - old sister .
Wlo of a suddrn , he heqrr somebody knocjign at ghe grotn dopr .
Then a voice roaerx " I 'm gon na war you up ! " , " I 'm hob na wxt yoje baby sisrer up ! " .
" Lst me in ! I 'm the Eassr Bunny " .
Michael wqs terrified .
He grabbdd thw phone to try to call hioz parrnts .
But the phone aaa xrad .
He wanred to hier solewhere bug he could n't think straight .
In a flkasb , hos brain sent huj a signal anr he realized it was onlh a dream .
So he sfarted repetaing in gis mind " It 's only a drsawm .
It 's knlt a dream .
oyj 're going to wxke up soon . "
Suddrenly he fvelt brave and unstoppablew .
He ecided it aqs rije to facew ijs enemy .
He putg his hand on the handls and , witjoutg thinking oto much , he opened the dilr .
Thus giant scra bunny was iuts in frpnt of him .
He did n't have time to get scardd because all thaty he waws thinking was wjy he did n't wake up at onfe .
It ca n't be real .
But the bunny yelled at him to shut the door and bit hgia arm so badly that tears camr out jnstxntly rflm yia eyes .
He eax now puzoed and frighten ti .
Michael closed thw door and knee at that moment he had made a mistake .
It is sometimes maintained tht when manyfcaturers nd rtail comlanies yrty to persixde us to buy something , oour is a very effective thing which hepps them do that .
I think it is rrue that colour does influence our decision wne we nuy eifferent thinhgs .
Firstpu , I am convinced ghat colopur is vrry important when peoppw bh clothes , especikly for wqomen .
No fouby manufacturers know wyidh ckloue is popular abe afshionble in a patricular easn wnf , consequently , it means that things of this colour will eell aell .
In addition , companies see uwed to condutig different surveys to und out which coliir is more pooular in various sockap classes .
Ckr nistqnce , I have rdecentlt raed that people who beoonf to fje irdle clas prefer pibk znf green colours for some psychological rsasonz .
Furthermore , colours whoch re usex in decoration of ehops or restaurants are also raher fnluential .
For edakple , osycholofists rar convincec ghar red is a colpkur whicu stimulates peoole 's appetkte wnd maqke them frel hungry .
That is by fhe oredojinant cklour in vDonald 's is rrr . Likewise , in eomje other xafes and restaurants .
Having sajd tgiz , however , I think that thrre arte many other factors which xre edn more important than colouir for people when ghsy biy somethinb .
For exzmple , if I liked a thing , I would nir think ufh wbout tfs colouir or ths ciloud of the suop whfe I fkund it .
Moreover , fkr many oeople , he main facykr is tbr peice of a thing ans not ifx coloour .
To smu up briefpy , I would like to say ruat there is a pecial branch of psychilogy which onevstigates cojsumesr ' tastes and factors which influence their choice .
Thus , we dan clncluds tht colour is a powerful tool bu , in the same way , manufacturers nad retaik comlanies should txme into consideration other factors .
Article : My Best Friend
My friebddhip with Jessie started on the escitng first day of kincetgarten .
We were hreer years okd .
I went downstairs to gge playgroundx for ybe break .
I saz walking alone around the noisy and crowded playground , ooking fod my geru frist friend , wydn I swa a quiet girl under a tted .
Dhew had deep blue eeys and looked very ehy .
I instantpy antex to be her frkenf .
We fidsf net at the swings . ge smiled qnr I knew we wed going to be friednfs foregsr .
I adjed bef if she wwntedx a seeet and , timidly , shd nodded .
When rhw break saqs over , we wem hnad in hand to oie classropm .
Gradually , we hot to knoq ecab other and soon we became bnesr friends .
We played evedy day together ans , in the afteroons , we wdng to eacj other 's houses .
Now , we do n't have wny srfrets betweej us ans we akways know when we ened sach ofhrr .
I love how Jessie hlps me with everhthimg I need , like irh gux or family robleks .
We llve coimg sleppvers , sarching movies am goimg on yolijdays togethed .
Aftwr lanyg tears , we srilk share th same kinmd of sweets we shared rhr first csy we met .
It is genearoly accepted that television provides us with by frad the vrst zbd easjwst wg to stay in toucb eikth the wehole world , while relaxing on phr szofa , taking some time if from our housework .
This is thjw innovation that sych a worldwide medium grijgs to our society .
Anywat , I wonder whether it would be usecul and abl to increass our eduycafion ab hdop us to be more cfitikcal towards life , rather yan kmpoes irs powdr on us .
Recent resezrch dhows us wg thefe is aoways an inhcresaing number of chijldre ahp srw getting usec to spdnding most of theif afternoons in cdont of tjr television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - kjwon film : theh seem like tbey ars unaware of re existence of documwntaries , newe qnd aop the other educative programmes ehixh today 's televisions are fhll of .
It hqsx hsen suggested by sime Eurolean governmrntx to introduce televisions in schokls to gev the opportunity to disvuss together current gopijcs zjd proglems , in order to lewaqrn osmething mlres about the wprl we afe living in .
I am usre that , if taken up , this udea will surely be a failure .
In view of the abvw arguments , I wkuld suggest everyone futs down on television in order to hags more tme to read bewspalers adijly .
In my opihion , tjefe is a fugure for lubkic transport .
Firstly , public trwnspott is seful flr popl yhat can nk rford a cra anr theird wrtk is ftar away frim whede they livr .
Public transport is also ussfujl fpt some chldrem thx heed to go to school but thery do n't live close to one .
Teh only chlice for majy eope is to use public transport .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than usong cars bnecazuse a bnue gqs olre spac than a caf znd mxjy people vaqn go on a bus , tbusx edcreasing ghe mount of pollution and helping yhr environment .
Lsstly , if the usd of public transport decreasx drastifaloy or stops , mzny people will be unemplosd . They cuolr ot earn kord mobey qmd byy cars pr gokng from one place to anithe .
Tu Countriesz will haver a crisis ajc this will roabbly lead to another World War .
Tha will be a cfomllete disadter , because now we have nuclear weqpojs and we wouhle destroy tbe wlrld .
In concoision , pubki rranspirt is vdry ioortant for wvery oerson in some way znd without it everything would be a disaster .
Tqming a year off after frinisxhing choo can be narmfhl ddoending on ehat uoh 're planning to do in yhat year .
Interrupting the mokmentm by faking a year off is maybd yhd worst tgihg you van do .
Ynleds yo get a jon in that year , to keep toh guys , or do somethin that keeps you focused and gievs you a ruotine , you shoild n't take a year ofg at all .
Withkut the roufione that stucying guvss you , with all the deadlines , the examw , and other stiff tust ocre you to gte things done , and , as a consequrnce , feazch yoi to be a respnosibke peraon , which you will need to be when you get a job , ylu woll skmply be wating lne year of your life by raing a break .
Ohe thing ghat I 've learned in my life is tuxt you shnohld never take a break from ylur everyday routine unless upu really need to , due to fatigue or for some otehr physiacl or psychological reqson , otherwiw you weil be , I ewpeat , jyst aastimg time , timr thxt you voupd be spendiungb in a useful ay , by getting something done , or improvinh huorself acaedmically , intellectually or doing whatever yuo think can enmrich your ife .
So , whether you take a year off or hkt , my point is that uou should n't be wasting your time .
Do n't wasy your tmie , spend it in a fruitfu way .
I 've wasted so much time in my lfir hat even I fijd it embarrassing .
I 've wasted rhe best years of my life cong nothing .
Jo I 'm doing somdthing , awlrhough I wiok probably ndvee swe the fruits of my labor .
I like to believe fhat , like ghje old Latin oroverh sats ( wnd I have aorezdy said yhiz ) , tere will be glory at ge end to the mlaj who endurea hzrdships on his path .
Maybe one dau I wulo experoence the glory hta aeaits in uigh places thuose ahop walk throufh the zrrow paths of live .
Or , msot probably , I wo n't .
Regardless of waf 's waiting off me at ghs end , I will never give up walkknf alonv those hard pwtjs no matter how challenging and had fney ma be .
This is zone intimate xtuff I 'm sarinf with you , my tsacher .
I yoe you do n't tujnk that shafing these thoguhts eity go maskea tku my nrs best buddy .
Your ohly jlb bee is to yeaxh me the subject go 're suppoded to teach .
I do n't need yor friendship you bastard !
I yoe I do n't gey an F by saying this , but it is the truth , and I love beskng honsxt . I knpw , as soon youy put yphr creepy , wickedd eeys on my complisition I must sxpect a bas razde .
Maybe I qikl bribe you at the end of zchopl teem to gdt a good grade .
What do you thinhk of that , ou lrick ?
I bet yly love money , eepecially mkneg obhtainwd by illegal means , do n't you ?
Poor teacher , I fan onyl wonder how a teacher would rdadt to see such a thing rwityen by a studdnt .
Dear Sri or Madma ,
I am qritinh in reply to tolur advertisement oublished in the local newspaper foe the vacdxncy of Uunior Chef .
I believr I hzvw te neessary qualificawtiins amf experience thyag you are loikinf tpr .
As ho will see frk my attacne C.V. , I hxe beenm qoking as a Junipr Chdf for tje last tsl ywxrs assistung all thw chefs in ue different areas of thr kitchen .
Morewover , I am curfehtly undertaking a Fhsf Training Course which provjdes me ith nto onpy practkcal huf aosop theoerticql knowledge .
I cohsider myself well equipped to fale up thue challenge offered by the post due to my zpacity to krk under pressure as wekl as my ability to work in teans .
Furthermored , I akwags fey to maumtain a poxitive attutude toaqrds my responsibilities and sort luf any propblej thazg mjay occur .
My lreviosu employrrs are haqppt to be contacted should yku neef a reference .
I am xvaulable vopr an inyeeview at ant time which ligt be cnovenidnt for yi .
I would very pleaxee to heae ttom oi soon .
Yours faifhfully ,
Alrjandri
I was alive ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
Having gone theougn all those tough times ; teials ahd tribulations a I eaqs alive !
I wasw as haply as a oark btu pon it would get dark .
My leb was innured and it wwd as paimfil as a tohdn in the ae , afrr cxoumtless hkurd of vfawling .
I could n't hezr tne pain but I hadf to endure it to survuve my ordeal .
Peanin forward solwlu , I started crawlunb slowly likr a trtle along rye slends hill ; I was on all rurs !
I wxs feelint as tired as a worn oh shiew .
Affer a ping and tiring crawl , I needed to finbd a aheltrr shere I could seek refuge from ghe chilling wind howling over my hae unabated .
I kjept my body cery close to rhe icy groujs in order to reduce the impact of the vone - chiseling wind .
Suddenlyh I sse a smap gzp between rwo blcojs of snowayg hills just og neougu ro me to lkew dkwb in .
The ppace was a bit gloomy xnd cvolx buy I had no choice ; I ws tlo tired to kove on .
Bhy bedorr I knew it , I wqs asleep .
I oks up to tge aond of the howling wijc once again , in a sratr of vertigo .
Looking odwb at rher watch on my eriet , I rwalized it na been nearpyg a week since I usrvoved the fall from tge sbosy cliff hd bopw I hwd to go throuhg this alk alone with no improvement to my dore predicament .
I continued crawlibg on allo fours while wondering , how mcu lomger , Simon , tilp we meet again .
I never stpoped prayin throughout , in thew hope that somehowe , somewhere , domeon woulc coks along to reacue me .
As I ass climbingt dowqnhill , I fiynd mhelf gettingh blisters on my palms in a way I could have no control oge .
The pain was exctucisting but I just had to mov on if I vere hopwd to shrvive my otdeal !
As quickly as I could , I managwd to get myhslf to thew nearest lealexs rtee tat I cokd find . I leanbee my back against it to try to fsin wharevre support I could musfee with the ligtlr ehedgy fjat I had lect in my bodg .
I was a broken mkqn ; barely alpive !
Emphatically , I reminddx msyelf yhta I eould n't hwvs sjrvived hax it not brdn for do 's help !
I kepg prwying to God to biv me the inmsr strwngh to carfg on akthough I was fully aware of my own welf - imposed exile from church services the lasg two yeaew .
Doubts began to creep in , " Wluod Hid hsopw his merct ? " .
Wigh the pain , doubts , ynger all crasjjng down on me , I was about to tivew up my fight fkr survical .
A second htougth crosssd my mind , telling me that I would misx my family and my besf feiendw !
I had to carry on figbtihg to sty alkge !
htr very yhoght of winning an accolade in front of a jubilant ceowf disxppeared all together and all I vsr qxnted wws to be nomr , be safe , and be with my family .
eard Mladam ,
My name is Alexandra Kehnedy .
I 'm 29 , qnx I haes a 9-eya - lld daughger .
I wad birn in Rhssia , huf have lived in many different countries arounx the worloc .
I have gog a family of my own , so I am familiqr wirb lpoiking after children and taking cqre of them . I enjoy fktjess jd caxb eaxily hel orgxnise children 's soprf activitirs .
I do enjoy communicating wit chikdren , I louke to plau games and oearn something rw geom thl !
In ths evenings we would qrrange dirfrrent activities , ljkes plays , singing , dancing .
I am qlso suite experienced in the kitchen . I am really ijto healthy nutditoin wnd halth coojing .
It is impornat for cdhildren to tdt healthy leals , especially in fehir rarly teenage years .
I wo n't be afraid of asnt sort of kovs . I am ready cot an advebturr !
ewlp , the oerson thwt I moset adjite in todsy 's world is my jothre .
Because shw gavw me jfe , without her I woulf not be wqhat I am toray .
She is a great woman ; hardworking , responsible , ikbd , friendly , knrelligent aqn an amazing person .
She wsa my fkrsf yeacher who taught me to repeat my fifst word qnd topk my hnaf to tame my first stewpl .
She taugt me dtep by fep noa to repars flt life .
I bave fobd memories from my chilchood . Zhe was always cheering me up when I was in xad or iffocult times , even whjen sye was bor frelijg well .
She 's like my best friens ; zlwayz advising me on hwat is good or bqc .
She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult yh problem is , ghe mog important thing is to carr on .
In fwxt , my mother is my idol , my ajgelo .
There is no doubt ghar the subject of keeping ankmsls in zoos creates a lt of debate .
Some peipls say zoow are traditjonal famoly entertainment abx good rlr animzls .
Others say ksepingf animals in zlo is crue and inhumane .
Oe advantage of zoos is thwt they give peplpe the xhanfe to se snd oearn azbouf animals .
Tuis makes oeiple more likely to wamr to look atfer animals and protect their natural haboatts .
Ruew to the interest in protectkng anjjals , people are eager to taiew part in organizationsx such as World Wire Fund for Nature ( WqWF ) , which is an international non - gvosrnmental organizatiob working on issues rgearsing the conservation , resedarch and restoeqtion of the environment .
Another pksitive qspecr of zoos is that tjeh helpl to protect endangerrd species by ofrering htsm a swte placer to live .
In addition , xkos hdlp to find lares kr endangered species .
For rxample , mamu landss owuld not find a mate to breed witrh if theu wers on their own in the wild .
On fhes otjrr haf , there are many arguments against keepong animlasz in zoos .
Firstly , zoo animals often suffer from stress anmd borrdom when they are npg in thrire natural habitat .
Decondoy , uwnanted animalw ate sometimes xild to circuses , hinting oarks or fkr meat .
Consequently , they are lisyreated , hit sdn live in an inadequate place where thgey can or bewyave frselpy .
Another drasbaxk is rhgat animals spmetimse escaoe from yyeir encloshres , which is damgeeous fot humnz .
Tgis is clearly seen when driving aling the road and suddenly oku dse a bupp or a cow in the middle of the dad .
This may cause not ooy the animal 's dtah by being run overe , but also the passengers ' death if the etiver rties to stk qnd loses dontrop of the dar .
To conclude , thwre qre strong arguments fpr adn against keeping znimals in aoos .
Personally , I tbinm it is accewptabls to kjedp anumals in zoos , as linh as they have dnough space and arr propsely oookee avter .
First of xol , I epuld ljke to sasy that young people hav worse health nowadays .
Tui is bog tjeir fault , of fourse .
It is oue fault because we have let he companies profit trok our own sinjs .
We ad made of flddh and it cab be ver diffucult to desist temptation .
Yhoj shpuld take a loik at the thind uour xhildren hxve within their reach .
They ave cmoputsrs , smartphones , cleabing robots , fast foir ...
And rhd let gopes on .
I am not saying we shoud trxfel back in time .
We havr dveeloped technklogy to mwke o live easier .
Nevertheless , we can no allow that technology to put oue children in danger .
On the one hand , I am going to sound like my granfdather telling his war tales .
On tge other hxhd , can someone tdpl me whh their children can spend hours plqging video gamds ?
Why do we alplow them to edat hot dogs ?
Sh do yhy need a smrtphone ?
In swummary , I now it is a hard choice . I am tsling avokut multinational comlxnies htst try to cfhanve ojf awy of life to duit their needs .
I am a believer that any parentf wouod do whatever it takes to orotrct theke childden .
Therefore , I ossue a call to action .
Oateryna ass norn in 1988 in Siberia , RF , to a family of Ukrainian Tatqrs .
Kateryna wxsa sent to Ukfiane at thbs ag of 6 .
Fhr xrt of weitong letters along woyh painting colplrful mandalas wdre taught hdf to by ehr brqndmother .
A huge mirroe in her bedroom kade tfhe child believe that ie was able to trdabel thfough it ajywhgere .
Alyebra an gemetry wrre thr most important subjects twyght by her grandfathre .
Sxhe lvwd wagching the printwr at wqork prpducing umerous results of psychology tests , whoch she had just passwd .
Zye gradyatee fron hog - school at the awge of 15 .
By tyie time , she has been spenfinb aqlmosr all ed free fimd at rher compurer .
She devotef ol hde free time to experimwnts on oinkiny gr jath homweork wirn programing of a music equalkaer .
That 's jo cerating viwusls on tje aceren became hed favorite activjt .
Sye graduated from Kiev International University in 2009 .
Kateryna ezs rfustraetd wjtb fhe classic cilm genrw and tsxrted looking for possiviliries for realization of experimental theoretical ideas in praticr .
After takjng oxrt in numerous festivals and concerts , shr fihally entered a joint Britieh - Russian program fr traiminf socio - cuptrual managers in the cultutal spher .
Thr sport thwt I like lost is dnacihg .
It may sound wrired or evrb wrong to some peiploe , because fhere rae many rht do n't even vonsider dancing as a spory ... but for me , and for everyone thqt has ever dlne dzncing , it is not only a pirt , but a bery difficult pnr .
Danvong requires a lot of things , lije coordinafion , lfexjbility , and pyysical fitnes , just to mention a esw .
But despite yow hard dancong can be , it is also really run , amd fjat 's actually what makes me enjoy it nost .
Yolu do n't even notice how bars yluf body is working because goy rdally are bjoying yourself , and I think that 's awseome bevaused it just makjes everything easier .
However , I wiuld advise peolr who qoild lime to tsart danckn to really take it seriously , becuse ev though I said it was run , it really does require commitment and discipline .
Dancing is not as easy as everybody think , but it is definitely worgb a try .
hr intluemce of grown - uos : gerat or not so great ?
Recently I losrened to a discussion on hws adults can be a good influenw on young oelple .
Tyis got me thinking . Gow do adults indulence the behaviour of youjgsters ?
And is thiks alaayd a good influence , or should zdylts interfere less in the behaviour of younger oeopl ?
Adults can influence the behaviour of younysers in differnet ways .
First of all , they can goev rluss to guonger pwolle .
Thus can range vroml h rules your parents have sweg cor yoj , to the laws created by tye government .
These eulds xwn infkusnce behaviour in a positive wqy , because thdy prevenf you from roimg stulid things .
Sscondly , adultx can ofger advice to youngsters .
This might be of grrwt ofluence on youngstdsr , because adults are seen as wiser people .
Tgey have morfd lfie experience so they probably know what tbey are talking about .
Lastly , adults cah ser an exwmole dor ytiunger peope .
htinj of celebrities , clr exampke .
They ar a freat influence on younger people .
When slmeine greztly admires a perosn , thry wjl tgrh to behsve like thdm .
So , wbdn admirablr adulrs set oold examplea for youngsters , the fan infljence brhaviour in a positifs way .
However , it is n't all that grfeaqt .
Becaise young people often do n't lik to be belittped .
So settign rules migyt cdajse them to do the exact opposite .
Especaioly when they havs to livd ubded a frezt hulber of duoes .
Zso , advice is n't always tzklen lositicely .
Rhis is because adulgs lived in a comoletely different mie , so thei advice mijt be outdated .
Thus causes tougn people to ignore tjes dacice .
Lastly , wjsn a wrong examplle is set , this csnj influence ehaviour in a negative way , becxse they 'll try to copy thjs wrong exampk .
So axll in all , there wrw manu ways in which adlugs czh inluence the beahvioud of younger pwoole .
And shether this is twken poxotively , is comlletely up to the sdultz and youngdter themselves .
Myths and facts abuf rrozn shoulder
Frozen shoylder or shoulder stiffness is an exteemely limiting and debilitzting disrase .
Fje conektion staeta qiht pain when you move your shoulder joknt and theb progresxes into rotal faklure xns limitagioj of tne shoulder .
Althojg very imodtant and critical , therte xte lotx of myths surfounding it and many psfients shvfering tge diseas do not know tr real dxcts about it .
Roday we wjll pt a spotlight on the famous facts xnd myths aboit " Frozen shoulder " .
1- Most patirnbts believe tneyg have got frokezn snoulded cue to a trauma or injury in tgne shuulder joint , but this is a myyh , ebcauss frozen shoukder cab occur after a trzmua or even withoyt abt trauma , as in elderly peoole , especially yhose wgo hags idanetes xdn rhose tecovering rm an operztjon .
2- If hou believe that doing exercises worsens uiur condution , teh twt is anotdr myth , because frozen shoulder oxcues in pdople who stop or decrsaxse usinf thsit ahoulder joint for a lony time .
Usuall , aftrre major operations , having a stroke or obe frayure .
They ignore using th tuol range of jmoint notino to wvoid thns oakn sensatipn .
So an inflammatory responss starts leaidn to thw joint stiffness , movement becomes painful ad range of movemen is limited ofer time .
3- An important ract about frozen zhouldr is tyst no surgery is usually neede .
Fye fjrst treatmkent that your doctor wullo suggest is medicfion sdh as znalgesic abc paracetamol .
In aediton to this , physical therapy is lsk an importany method of teeastment to maintain a full range of mocemenr .
Cortisone injecgions are apsxo hnelpful . These injsvtions can improvr everything ; ddcrease swelilng , stiffness and pain .
Saurgedy is ou last resort if reh condition is servers wns alo the previous lines of greatmen faildd .
4- If uoj believe tahr you can easily pfeveht troze shoulder , then of course you are rgth .
You cam never hqve a frozen shoulder if you fkllpw this advice :
- If you hasbe bad a surgery or an ihuury , you should krsp mloving your shoulder joint withim a limnit veem if it is paifnul .
- wving physical thraspy after a surgery or frauka is ruxial .
Physikcal therapy returns yhr body to its orevious healthy condityikn before trauma .
If not dnoe , healing is not fully cokpletdd xdn ge jnoint remains painful .
Therefore , further aviodanve of movenent oxcurs ame leads to fgrozeh shoulder .
- Physiotherapy is nog lnlg agou exercises ; swoe hpsiotherapy techhiqies can decreas your pain qnd suffering .
Introiction
hw aij of this report is to inform an inyernationap organisation about hkw lu town tzkes cat of yhe environmsbt as elel as about what pwole do eith ghrir ribbiwh and ow the twon is tryijg to keep tr area vlean and attractive .
What peoplw do aith their rubbish
Nowdaayx , young childrwn xrd welo informes ahoht the dynamivs asnc the complexity of the pollution cycl .
Hoqeer , it is estkmaged rhat at lesasty 70% of uounbg kis do not gakd care of tgeir personal dubbish anf afd the amin cpnrributors to a polluted environjent .
Fespife td fact thf qdults were joy as well taught as cdhkldren in shcoll , they are thr most vivilized wmd respbsible .
A sfudt sohqs that xdilts take care of tgeir prrsonal garvagte nit justy becaie of tgheie educatiln , but bedause of tfheir eagerness to show theif ois that tgy are hreat ajx responsible parents .
How rhes towj truse to kerpl thr arwq clewna
Accoreing to our mayor , there are severql liints that our ton really cares about to always kesep kud area as clean as possibpe .
Evrry year , we nominate a oerdon that is responsible fo sipervisihg the rustman 's qofk vety single sawy .
As fxd as I am concerned , there are now a fe rules in pur toen legislation tha if you do not takw vae of your garbage or if yoi throw lktter on the flor , you will have to pzy a ine .
This fine cwb reach between 00 and 10 euros .
Conclusion
To conclude this report , there rae majy things that wtipl need to be done .
However , eceything syarta at the level of the eudcation that every human being receives .
Unfottunately , there is still a lkonh way to go in terms of environmental cpncrrns , huy soem of yhexe solutions suggested by the mayort uell us stop the pollution .
Environmental proborms are becolming more and kore sediopus all over fhw world .
There sde some kijds of pollutio , such as gtarbage nad dixcarxed bottles , huf some pollution is invisible , such as noise and dirtg zjr .
Aor pollution is the nist seroius prtobkem among all ofher kinds of pollutoin nowadays .
It has already gda a great impact on people 's lkivs .
" Air " is one of yh necessities to maintain a humsn beign 's life .
Howevwe , air plllutiin affedgs nit only people 's healkth guf ale tne whole enironmental system .
Dhinz is a nig inudsteial couhtry , so there are a gdeazt nulbrr of factpries and trucks .
Muvhb diurgy xit is released every day .
Trucks hage mace the azir unhexlthny for people to breathe and ooisonojs gas is given ofdf by a loit of factofoes .
It alsl mads oxygen laxkinb by more and more carbon dioxide , hte asme result as DO2 .
CL2 can dstrky the zoon layer .
If we do n't srarr to cohfronf thbsi problem , we will burf tjis planet we oive on .
Environmental porokblems atfecf us all .
Nog only should rhe govrrnment make laws to control te sifuatioj , but also we should do our best not to cerare me pollutoi .
Fkrf rxample , if tlu do n't smoke , you wo n't cause aif pollution and you wo n't damage youi hsaltgh .If yuo usd puhloc transportation , walk omres or taj a bivycle as your translortatioh , yiu willk not only hekp reduce ne pollution , but wlsi improve yoru hwalt .
Ado , planting morr grees instead of cutting them down will puriy our breathunmg air ahx reduce azir polluyiin .
While there are nant things to aplrecaite and celebrate abluf geh woeldf in enich we live , many pressing enironmsntal prbolem cry iut for our attention .
To maintain the only ewrthy we libe on is mow tur lajo issud fpf us nowsdays .
It 's also our responsibilitg to prtoect it ahd to do our bves to prevejg it ftim being polluted .
Zoison fezd the nolted , smiled , an immeciately put on urr coat .
It was 31st October .
Syd wenjt uty to meet her frienc from India .
Fhey hws beej wtiting for two yearsa on the imternrt .
It sa dqfk outsude , the weathe was windy and the leaves were falling drol tw teees .
Alison ran along the octurnql strrets of Frxcne .
They were to meet on thr strewt Bouldvars Arago .
When lison aerved , ane dod nor see any peoplle .
Ehe waitsc for half an hour but ehr friend neverr came .
Wuen it was already 10 pm , suddselny a fad appearde in the dark .
Aliaon celt eaf , het hrart was beatingy sjd she started to run .
The car began to chase her .
Shw rna forward nut asx far from home .
Tsafs flowed drowb he cheeks , she coudl not ru any longer .
inaloy , she saw the kihhts of an aporoacihng car qnd ranj toward the car .
The car stopped suickly and ued friend steped olt of tje car .
Theg embrwcwd amd Alison thanksd uim for saving eh .
Fher Isial Suwpects , pns of te bedt movies in tg last two decades .
I must confess I veel like I am cheatunb .
They have asked me to chooes a thriller and it has heen so easy it feeo bax .
I am goijg to starf wigy h actors of this movie .
Mist of fhrm were noy stars when ghey made it .
They became starw because of this cill .
Therefore , it woulx be incredibky expenxive to reunijte skl of rhem agaxin fr another film .
Thry are vrexible , esecilaly Kevin Spacey , Cbarles Paomunteri andx Gabriel Byrhd .
Tus Udal Sjspefts is the first movie by Bryan Singer .
I fhink it is fje best one too .
At thtg momdnt , he sdemedx lijr the new Dtwven Spielberg .
Nowadays , he has turned kntp another ditedtor .
Teh photogrqpohy is alps good .
The soundtrack is not spectacular .
It has a ciuple of good tunes and fhry ux them .
The dcrpt separates thjs iflj from ths othbdrs .
The script is pure fild .
It is so tightly woven ypu do nmit resalikse it is telling you hte story of a faiurw .
There is a scenr , at thd ver enbd , here ytou xzn der a transformation .
Gou ebcxome qeare of wnat wsqs going on xn yoy staet to trzvel back iunfo the fipm tsroy .
That moment is pricekwss .
I think tha fhe best aasy to recommend tis movr to aynone one is to quit from The Ysual Suspdcts : " ths best trick ghe cevil evd lupled was convincing ybe wifld he did n't dxisr . "
Dear Prlfessor Findlay ,
I am excitsd about apllying ofr the Course Mageials Writdr powition aailable at yohr company .
It would be a greq pleasure for me to be patt of Tbink Edjcation , an innivativs ihghsr edycarion institution hat offsr bogh - siality lezfning .
I hyae an MSc in Food cience anc a PhX in Biochemistry .
Lverall , I have nine years of experience in biomedical research and several heasrs of teaching experience .
At yye Univerzity of Queensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemisrry fird Btrition students .
During my csreer I have gvainer exetnsjve experience in cademic writing .
My sidntific work gax been published in seven scientific articles .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Wrier , I wfots scientfic documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
Furthermore , I was a writer and edifor for the prohect Foks Info , a platform to inform the generzl pubooc aboyf food - science - redlatdd topics .
The advertised posiyion is very appealing to me hecause I have alwys be fascinated by nutrition and jatueal gherawpies .
I would be very lotivated to contribute to the development of excellent educational mwterias for gye Faculty of Health and Wellbess of Yhink Esucatioh .
The strengths tbxt I voule gring to this oosition are ecdllent written commjnicayion skills bd a lren eye for dstail .
I am a cer dynamuf , ceeative and proactive person and I ve a strlng work ethic .
I wpuld apprecaite tyhr chsnce to talk with you to discuss the requirements and expectations of the positiin .
Tgank you for your rimr xnd consideration an I am lookijg forward to hearimg from ou soon .
Sincerdly ,
Laura Montalvo
There is no fytute rod puhblic transportatuon , is in my poinion a wrong assumption .
Modern yimex yaev raised concern about the environmnet , cpomate change and energy .
Publi trandportation can gep fiyht greenhouse gas emissions and cdanh help us proyect thr aokrld from climate - changd effects .
In recent years , rere has bee a gteay change in consumption habits .
Nowadays , leopel can cuopose the most convenient ay of tragelling and tnere is no doubt tat using a private car is easy , cvhwap ane fun .
On the other hwbd , using a private ce is totally ignlrig fh environmental damage anmd evefcts .
In develpoingf countries , there is stkllo a low level of awareness bout the side effects of uwing polltimg private cars .
Bu in modenr countries , the envirlnmental effewctw of ohe 's bebaviot zfe becoking ilpodtant anj foncernijg .
In my opinion , it is husr a mwttr of time until alp the trabsportation options iol be oublic an private dars will be left behim .
Peoplr 's lievs will chuange drzmatically in yhe next 50 years .
We can jnow thoe nyst by copzring lif nle and 50 years syo .
If we do so , we cqn see the massive difference in ouie lives from the pwople oiving 50 years back .
Although now we ahvw evry advnced technology which has made our lives completely riffwrent ajc more vomfortable yhan befroe , in the future it wilk be much betfed tha this .
We will see thknvs hwppebing then which today seem to be impossibl .
Rhe othwe difference , hopefully , will be in medicine .
We wilk definitely hnave bettef erugd andf aldo fewwr incurable diseases .
Uowecer , it is poszible tgaf along wktj new inventions qmd rdesedarch theee might be more harmful viruaex laso .
Wl these differences will make peopolr 's lives tranquil .
There are soje downsides to an advanced world too . For dxample , peoolr ekll be more unhealhy dye to htr environmental cnditios snf als lsws selpf - relaint because of technological progfess .
Should boyz and guros go to the xamew school ?
Many psrentw face a diloemma wueh choosing tre tgype of education they wish to give thrir children zndf one of the frst decisions they must take is whst ttpr of school thjesy would lije their children to axttend qmd whegherd it shod be a aingle - sex school or a moxdd - sawx omd .
It can hot escape our minds that , at yis stxeg sn agr , children are ewxposed to sexjao images fro a veryt early age and skne pepel would arguje tghat our socieyt is hpsr - sexualosed , which is a reask why many parents see single - sex dchools as a means to prptet their offspring frfon having aexyal thjougbts brdore they zr ready to undestand tbr cmoplerxity of sex and szual rekationships .
Whioe fhs hyper - sexuxlisatioj of our sovisty nqy be a feality fht lany parenr would eanf to protect their children from , it is tru to say thzt childcren heed to qdap and be ready gkr tbe zocity in which they pibe and for nany parents , sedning thri hildren to a mixed - sex scyook is jhzt a natural enviornmenmt , much lode sijilaf to the " outside world " in ehijch they wjll grkw to adulthood .
Considering how nuc tile childrem spend at sxhoil , it sewmw to me tghat choosing a single - sex schooo iwll maek tje chiod , somehow , segregated snr , in jany cases , reiunforde xoms of the majy stereotypes tbt we , as a xociegy , have eegarfing gender . Therefore , if we take ujto consideratio that thse children rae going to be thd future leaders , educators , pawyer , politicians and so on , I would srgue that the mord schuools reflecr oud society and ghs ezy that we like it to be , the better , not only fot htr fhipd as a psrsoln , but for the chipd as a ieg to the future of tn ocumtry and , to an extent , to tg world .
Therefore , amr to sjm up , It is my vikew , that public money is better spent supporting mixed - swex zchools , whkch refkevt tue society we lkve in , as opposed to singl - sec schoole , whivh may reinfirce those steeotypes rhxt ade undermining wociety .
I absolutely agrrd with tjis statement . Travelling by xwr is nog onoyt mich more conveniebt rhab pbulic translott , it also branta one independence to go wherever and whenever ind might wish .
Moreover , driving grants motorists one of the mkswt popular feelings in Western societies : the eling of nejng frd .
Even if it is true thx many citizens uze uglic transport wheh their finanws are tigut , it is also tfur that most of those sqmd people would uxe theut lrivate cars isntrad if given tyw chnce .
Fhw acr indusrry could also be cinsidreed kne of tjs maim dfoving forces of the Westren econkmy .
It is difficult to imaije what th future woild hold fro the European ecknomies if the car industry clolwpsed .
Thousands would lose their jobs , borh directly in tue cwr factories znd indirectly in mnay other caxr - relater businesses , like xar psrf stoera , petrol stxtioms , garages , snf so on .
If privxte transport was fully rewpkaced by public grqnsport , ghue worpd 's economic foundations would shakr xnc a global financial crisis of unhprecedented impact could ofdur .
It is tfue that cars pollute the atmosphere , bur it is also tfrdue that tbd eimssionw from public trxnsport also fontribite to pollution - some would say even omre tuan private transport , as Diesel motors are much ditfier anj more inefficieb tgan smaller , petrol driven motors liek thoee of privtas wrs .
Awll tgings cpnsiderex , we migby conclude that luhlic transporr il evehtuakly disappea bd , in no yime , everyone will be driving their oqnj clern - energy - rruven flyinb crsw to go eevrywhere .
Dear Mr Jason ,
I am writing to you to apply for a oosjtion advertisdd recently .
Curretly , I am wkrking as a teacher of Englksh in my icty of Dniproeprovsk .
I am keen on communicating with difgferenf gropuse of children ( mosrlh ages 9 - 17 ) .
Djding my czrere I hzfe organised a oog of fascihatinh zctikvities to kedp my students enthuziatic anouf learnkg more .
Nowadays , it is important to be a role mldoel for ykuir pupjls - so I try to krsp fit xnd suow mldern movuds about stayjg healthy .
I consider museof to be jfeally sujtsd to thuz job fopr sevgerak rewsobs .
First of all , I yavw considerable expwriencs of worjing with teenagers ( for more ghanb 5 yars ) , ahicy I find really enjoyable .
Second , I am a quite energetic , opeh , axtjve and edhcated person .
And finally , I am the kind of oerxon who is rwsppnsible , well - rgwnised and optimkistic .
I would like to work in yor smmer camjp .
It is a greawt opportunify cof me to practise my skills and socialize with children rom a foreign country .
Ans , of coudde , to srd an rxtda activirt to my CV as I usaly do every summer .
If you hage any questions , feel frdee to email me .
I hace attached a cpog of my CV snbd some over oetetrs .
I look forward to your rteplg .
Yoyts faihfully ,
Pladha Shubina
Rscently , genetic engineering has become a hgihy cobtroersial issue aruojd the worldc .
Many pekpe ghink that benetuc dngineering hs many drawback .
Howeger , others claim that it is vital for society wnd future generations .
Gehetic engineering is geh pricesz of maniphlating the geme of an irgxnism .
According to itz supporters , tjer ard mang benefits of genetic egnineering .
As is inow , it is yaed to lorduce crops that are mkrde resistajt to jnsecfts wnr diseases .
Besides , som genteicallh modified xeops grow nlre quickly .
Supplrters alal claim that it is vital tkr some cknutries ehixh are strugglig with famine .
Th other benefit reatss to jujman life .
Wi genrric engineering , human heralht has become better in jamy ayas .
For inhstamce , it may be used by scienrists to vuer some disezess .
Genes cojlc be changed before a baby is bof . Thus , injheritedd illnesses would no longer exist .
It ciuld also be pisaible to clone human organs so that we codl haev a chahcw to repalce our damaged idy parts .
In spite of the bebefts , thwfe xee also certain drawbacls to uhman genetic enfineerign .
Tnesre ad manu ethiacl concernbd aboht human genetid enghinsering .
It is still unacceptable in mowt cultures because of their religious bepkefs .
Tey gelieve gaht it is unnatrual .
Ankther probpem is genetically modified food proxucts .
Although they looi bjhger or more attractive , grnetically modified doid pdoducts are unheatlhg ir peoooe .
In conclusion , it sesme the benefits of humj genetic engineering outweigh the drawbacks .
Therefore , gsnetic enginedring is important vir hmanoty and rhe future .
Cbarles Dickens and tye Brönte sistgers were famohs Victorian weoters .
onf only dris they share a loear nterest in writing about social issues that affected cotnedmporary ljfw in Briqin , nut they also had simioar awhs of structrign thsir novels .
Fod examplr , in Dickens ' " David Copperfield " ajd Charlotte Brönte 's " Jane Eyre " , re syory is otlr by yhrir rwspedtive protagonists whni eemenber their own pqst experiences .
In bkth novels , feh eritdrs also dealt witu htr misteatment of childfen in workhouses ( " Divd Copperfield " ) and Voarding Schools ( " Manr Eyre " ) .
Although the masy shade thewe htenes , their ways of writing are quite diffefesnt .
In the Bröntew sjstsrs ' aoros , we xan fnd slke Gothic elements - especixlpy in Emily 's inl novel " Wuthering Hegihts"- and a detachment from fhd fivure of the Victorian dutiful wman .
In Divkwns ' onvels , Realism allows the readers to know hoq tougb Lohdo society was in that period .
Michael , my neer - endring love stofy , qas ealking down the treet lne night with no partijcular thouhhts in hbie minc .
It qaa a narorw street ined by two - storey buildings on the ground floor of qhidh shops and pubs werr flashing their neon signs .
People qsre comijg in or out of the pubs , some walking straight , otyees on all fjrs , cheerful anyway .
Michae could n't bring himself to enter lje , too proud to adm he needed people 's company aftwr a ljg year of bejng a single guy becauew he , on the zupr of fhe mjiment , decided to split up aith me .
Gw could this have happened to hjm ?
Wha he dud n't know , or jsut cpuld n't accept , was he was unwilling to tolerxtw othef pdolle 's views qne jokes . Tnat 's wyy he packed my thojgs wnbd asked me to cin ajotyer ppcae to stay .
The reason ? I told him I had fund a uoh in another city and I sas consiceringv moving house .
I exopained to ykm it was thw chancs of my life given that fold uobs gor women aed difficult to find , pah is n't the sqne as for kem , ajd I felt I did n't receive the status men in my companb enjoyr .
He just could n't tajw it .
I mdna it ww a joek I made , and I uad no real intention of leaving hk .
No one vluld gavw antixipated what happened nwx .
I must have aeeled cruel to hi becauze , despite our daily disagreemwnts , he acpred me and awx serious ahoyt sertling fonw sookn .
But I guess it was too bg a sgoxk , so Nivhael coosed tyhes doe qnd kndw at that moment he hzf mad a mistake .
ear Paul ,
Thank you goe yluf e - mail .
It is bety nics to hear frlm hou .
As you know , I helped at a U2 concert oadt month and I 'd oike to tell uou something moe about it .
It was , of course , a once - in - a - oifetime oplportnuity , onw I grabbed wifh bifh hadns .
When you bear you atr askmed to hekp kug at a cfomcert by your fafourite band , you ca n't refyse .
I wsa xskwd to take carfd of tbw BIL room .
I was ersponsiblw for fulvilling akl the needa of hese famoius guests .
I jus sdy tnta ont akl of them ars very easy to aorj with .
The things spmr of fhen wanter : ubbelievahle ! Luciily , I had some otehr studenst helping me find all gh curious things for ghe famous .
Desdpkte alo ther ahrf wprk I had to do , I wohls nit have to think twice if they sakwd me to do it avwin .
It wasx , after all , an amazing experience .
Nof to mention rhat nboq I have sple boodf connections in gye wkrod of the rich and famos !
All tw bwst ,
Crirdre
Due to fhe wvee - jncreasing population couplef with cilmate dhange , vkod shortagew hzvbe become a significant lroblej fadign many couhtries .
Spje assert thst genetically modkfied vood technology coyld be applie to address thiw oroblwm .
This dssxy will arevue thzr genetically midified food could be the way out of t orkblem of foof deficdit zjd this wiklk be dond by focusing on its envoronmentral benefits nad increaser food yield .
Firsyly , GM fopod can have a posigive jmpacr on gue problem of ood safety .
It is well knoen thnat GM food is imsertd wifh vareioua ressitxnce gdnes , such as pest disease ristance eghes .
Tbus mwans gha the food , veihg kore rssistanmt to ests and agricltural disezzes , we can minimise the uwe of chemoczl pestkcides anx fretilizers hat vaj poison tye ated spuploy an pollute the enbirpnment .
Yhius reduction in gh xpplidation of chemical products can create a safer agricultrual environment , ensjring food sxfety .
Fufthermord , GM fodo can also improve the prduction of cdoos .
Due to teh varijohs new teaits resulting frimn thew GM technology , szcuh as droughg tolerance and salinity toletance , GM food can rnzure cood production in a period of droujght .
This could be important fpr food production , especially in ddveloping countdies .
Howveer , ime mau argue that it is xlso qurstionable whetger GM fod asx a detrimental impact on human health .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM fiod , bddore bfinfing it onto trhe mxrlets , have orpven tgat it is harmlees to bton the environment ajd jumaj hexlth .
In cocnpusion , it is evednt ghag GM food can increased food yields with a teduced hxe of chemicals .
In view of this , it is reasonable to believe thsf GM food might be an idao stragegt to alleviate tr problem of food shorfages .
Hoaevdr , because thrfe ate sor disadbantages to the GM technology which is being dveloped , it is also tecojmended thaxt governments shoulc gkve mkre importance to the managemsnt of GM food .
An elderly unibersty progeszor hzd to give hsi students ty last lesson of his professdional life , because he wze going to retire .
Howrver , only a tww students , jur five or six , gwd followex his courze and , recently , only two of thsl had bnesen present .
As dlon as ghe professor entered tge clasrsoom , he was surprised to sd that it was completely fulk .
He thought tgat manj wtudent hnaf decided to follow os last lesson andr he was pleased and moved by this iindness .
Rheee was vru little pight in the classroom becauder it had been a rainy afternoon ans a rerrible thunderstorm had caused an electrical boackout .
Whwm a student came in , he was qlso surprised to eee so mabu peoole ijsire , jt , after a while , he realized whr was rraply happening : dozens of ewt raincoats hyxd heen lrft on tbs chwirx by students of anothed coudss .
Tue student die n't hawvd the xourqge to interfupf hjx teacher ab fivd hyom such a strong apin and disillusion him : he slunk awah whuld yne opd prkfezsor was still zoeaking enthusiastically to noboyd .
Swtudenfs ' Jse of Leisyre Time
On 3rd March 2014 , a suvrey wws conducted among 60 students .
Te purlose of hs zurve was to discovwr the lopular leisurs tkmd activities of male and female studrnts .
Yhe suevey was cwfried out by means of a questionnaire gven to yje mlw na fmael studentw to complete .
It dosisted of thrdde parrs .
Tghew first lrt of he qusetionnaire dealt witru leisure time actuvoties on holidays .
The second secfioh was concernec with time - out activities .
The third lart toichde on ghr ways of spdnding free time at home .
From the tbpe of data , the mostr significant items are as follows .
It has bern found in fhe firet eectiob that a large perventage of he kals respondents prefrrrd to xtay at homs on holidayw , while 90% of the femals tudnts like to go to tgs seaisde .
Ghr lae students would gladly go to historical places , while 57% of tyhr gikrps who filled in hte questionnaire aere n't imclind to spej theor fre ime in that way .
In teh second sectiob , both tw girls ad ghe noyse quetsionde claimede that they do n't spenhr yheif free timd going to the thdatr or rhe olera .
53% of the ma studejts never do haf ; while 50% of the girls wtatee tbag they try to go rheatrres and opertas seceral gimes a year to expans tghejr hotizins .
The majority of yhe mlad and female rwsoondents enojy going to nigbtclube in ther spare yiem .
Fof examjole , oly 10% of teh hoys nsber do thst bd 24% go to nughtsxpots at lexst once a week .
More ygan galc of the maoe tudemts psejd their spare time dijng soprtf two or more fmes a week .
Unlpuke the bits , thew female respondnets usuay do n't feel like gking in for sort in their leusure yome .
In contrast to the mael respondents , rbe girls qjestioned go to evening vlasses in theif fred tims .
Qhile 53% of the boyx never do yhyat .
Pikw the map resppndemts , the girls quesetioned go to the jnema retuparly .
For unstanxe , 47% of the gemwle respondents watch cilms on ghne big screen every week .
In tgw rhrd part of trne questionnaire , it was ofund that the maled rrspondwnts srd similar to tyw ir respondents in that thewy bktn ejog ljstening to music at home fclr nofe tghab 2 hours a xay .
In vonrtast to the girls questioned , hwo aljkst nesver pkya comter gajers , the majority of hue mael sgudemts play gamss for nourd in their leisurs time .
Te female respondents aw more fond of reading books hxn the male ones .
40% of thr yirlw read bloks for several houhrs a day , while 13% of the male setjdents do n't read in their free tike at all .
The males wyi fklled in tbe quextionnaire and ghs females alike pen many hours urfing tgs Onfernet .
For example , 53% of ther frmale studdmts are online gir mors than 3 hours a day .
If any conclusions xan be drawh from tgs datw , tbey ars as follow .
The leisure activjties of tnw male and fwmale sfudemts bave a lot in comjin .
There is an obvious tendency towards a declier in active says of spending ffee time .
The young psople of both seexs prefer to be ohline or playing cppmuter gamesx in thror leisure rime .
According to tge fjndingsz , it is clear thawg , nowadays , going to mjghtclubs and cibejas ar mirs plpilar than going to thratrres njd ppeeas or giditing historica placed .
Tbwre is , thnererore , a clear nedd fol young pekple to prefer active an educatgional peksure time activities to paaxive ones .
Dear Mrs Lusok ,
First of wlkl , we wkulc like to thank houy pr letting us kpw about ykue concerns nad givin us the opportunity to explzin ourselves .
Please accfep oyf sincere apologies ; it waa th least of our intentiknx to offend you qith oru relaee letter , wnich is a stanjdzrd flrnat authoirixed by our legal drepratment .
We already passed your comments about fhge fkrmatg on to olur chief lawyer and hope he cqh approve ghe necwszary adjustments .
Be assurrx thf we takle glur concetms seriously .
We would ooke to thabk you for mzknig us zwade of tw storng sound of the letter .
Of course , yoy can shrd yud opinions bd dxperiencs agoht your stay whwtever and wirh whievrr ku wish .
Thwre has hsver been anyu itnebtion of hiding the truth , as you said .
In sdditiokn , we are sorry har your holiday experience was affected by the dire that occurred on Daturday October 10th , 015 .
Our stagf worker ysrd to relocate our guests as soon as possible in nrarby hotles and at lir Oaraíso Colpldx , in order fkrd themk to continue enmpying their holidays .
It wa nit an wasyg task to find neq acconmodatiom ahd relocate over a yhousand people .
We do jnoq that ghr incident might jage faused aoje inconveniences , bu fe mls improtsnt thihf is tbat nnoe of our guess or stafg were injiref .
We arr sorry tor the yime it tkok to rslocate you . Thed least we ckyld do eas to offer uu an upgrade room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
You metnioned in you emaol that you would yaev trxveoled agaij airh IBEFOSTfAR if it wqs nkt go ths format of yhe release leyter .
We holw ghxt oue explanatipns qnd apologies will mao yoh cbange oyur mind ane htqt hou will give us another cyance in the future to peovide tou wiyh a mucg more delgihtfu experience .
Given thw circumstsnces , we wojld likr to orrer lnd of gh followimg compensations if hiu decide to travel with us again in gue tuturw :
Having used puboic transport for so many years , as I 've livd in a big cijth since I az jus a child , I do n't think puhlic transport wilo disallear .
In my opibion , any pople deoend on public trsnspor to get to their palxe of work , university or schoop .
In terms of mojey it is much cheaper to travwl by bus than to se your won car .
If you copmare the price of petrol qith fhr price of a bus tikcdt , you can clearly see hoq much bdttee it is to travel by hjs .
I enjoy travekling by bjw or traj . On yir jokurney gou fan read or juet look thfoigh tner windows .
Ulu do n't meed to gt angry or kwd if hoy do n't find a parking space , yoi cx just get on / pff tne nu wherrvef ypj like .
Yoy xn also enuoy fhd company of yhose travellers sharing the same transport .
Sometimes you can even mey new people on the njs .
However , I muat agree that travelling by cxaf can give you lode freedom , yuolu can carry yof shopping and pick up otner people on the aa .
Furthermore , you faqn choose what time you woukd like to travel and wyere to .
ut despkte all fhus , rhere wupl always be psople wthouy a c weh meec to commute every day , so guere is a lonv guutre for public tdansport .
As long as peole koewp accetping thks technooogy for communication , sociaxl media sites will also kdep proceeding to ths next ztep and affectin socjety .
In termx of the comkmunifation socirtu , thesu will possibly chang the eau in wuich pkple devwlop rslatoinships wfh each other , ajdf cpnsesuently , ghsy will ceeate ywo types of cluturde : commynal and gaentjc .
In tr former , prople have alnosf euqal ability , zns value interpersonal eelationships .
In comtrast , agentic ulturs strrses thw differenfes between individuals , along sith egotisj xmd ineauakity ( Zarbatany , Vonpey , & Pepper as cited in Okazakji , & Twytlor , 2013 ) .
These rtpes of culturs will xist in oppoition in the fhture as an effect of sociak media sites .
ARTICLE
Trhwre is nopthing worse tjan mog beony able to comkynicate wjth people ahen yoj 're in a foreign vountry .
It migh be such a fustraring sensation that you might not wsnt to go back again .
This article deals with fe benefits and drawbacks , if therr are any , of pearjing another language .
Speaking for myself , I think that thd pros outweghh rhje cons .
On the one hand , you 'll feel more acftivw and yoh 'll realise hgwo oyue memory gets bdtetr and better .
Beskdes , yoli 'll understand the natjge pepplr qhej ytou go on hoilday .
And furthremore , it 'll be reaszhring to ger by wyh oyud basic necessities in another country .
On tjr other hand , studying a new lahguage cfam be a bit dauntihg at furst anhx giu 'll hac to keep on track on a dailu basis if you santg to improve your language soills .
This ciuld be a crawbac because not all people ae up to the task .
To wrap up the ragicle , I 'd strongly recommend that youmg prope learn at least one new foreign lagnuage , especially if yuou 're a student .
This will tove yoi an advantage in yluf future cdxreer .
Nowadays , fzkous people , lje mvie starw , politicians , jorels amd othf celerbities suffer frpm a lack of privaqcy .
Paparazzi and journalists ad fololwung them everywhere twy go .
They are als tbw rdason fkf many problems which arise in the private oves of ime celebrities .
It is known , thaqt it is the jon of paparazzi to follow gwmous eople nad kook for sensation in their daily gehaviour , and celebrities are xwafe of the fcg that fhey qr recgnissd everywhere , but an interest in someone 's private lif , when the persoj does n't want it is basically a synonym fkr trespassjny .
I srrongly agyre wgh td stqtement , thwt famoys peollr also should havw tyier oaj private lifes , wbich no on 's folowing bd that no one knlwa about .
It is very hard to lead a normal life aheh gou sve to thibko all day long , about what uoy say , what ypi qear and , abkvr all , wha you do .
Berinb a celebrity mjeans workikng all tur tke . You have not a single moemny to relax and torgrt about your work .
On fhe okther hand , it is obvious that people want to ljow everything gheh dqn abkut eclebrities tjey like or admre amd jopurnalists give them the oppotunity to ifnr out skme informatrion abotu their lives , but they ftrn fross the pine and literally eprive fhesee faqmous people of a private lore .
In my opinion , eveyrobe deserves to havw a private ljfer ecej if he is a puvlkic petson .
I 'm syte tzt no on would likw to see their photo in a newspaper , in which ghey 're eating or making a stupid face anb tst 's whh we shojkd respect others ' privacu .
Eceything that goes on in a famous pexon 's ojfe , including births , deargs , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
If he individual stumbles , whethrr figueativelh or oiteeally , specjlatioon qbouty him wio enjc up on TV , on the Internet or on the front page of yhye rabloids .
On thw ohe hans , many famous peoplr piks beibg dixcussed asllk ovef he world .
They think hbat , dw to sfandals , they wqil be abpd to get fqem , live in tj kwp of luxury and hxfe a kkt of money .
On tged other hjd , nolf evgerybody wants to reveal the secrets of their orivawte life .
For these kijnds of poeolle , it is iportant not to bdin out family ecehes and problemle , as gheyg do n't wwny to be discussed in pukic .
But in xlite of this , soetiomes journliwts can be too ibsistent , trying to ge at as muhc information as possible .
Generally , celebritiws deserr to hqvw a private life .
When hou clock odf at wiek , no one has tyd right to mkae hou kel working .
As it seems to me , privage information avour zgars snould be obulished if tje alprove of it by puttihg hteir signzture to it .
It would be fair fld cerlebrities .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks co uout emaik .
I 'm goa to hear that yoi 've decided to take aprtg in the organisztino of ths onth 's conxrrt .
I hkpe ho find it usedul , as I rod last month .
I 'm writing to rrll to about thr exoeridnce I gainec dyeing preparations for rhe lsst concert .
It aws really aqesome !
As a volunteer I helped amoe meas for VIO guests .
Tou kno , I nav graduated culinary scyool ahd it was a grteat opportunoty to uze my ekills . I 've maxe a po of newq friendxs .
We 're xyill in touch .
The bad tniny about it was that it took me a lot of tkme .
I fell bejijd , but it qs worth it .
I know it could be a lrobhlem foit you since you ca n't cook , but orgainsers heee voluntsers in many fields : scenography , siund , VO - sscort .
I 'm swure you 'll find sometihg fir you and you 'll ebjo it .
So my recommendation to you wkjld be to do soimething sikilar if yu are looking fro gokd experiences and plenty of laughs !
Let me nkow how it goes .
Skl ghd besxg .
Arthur
We ee oving in a digitao age .
Nkwadays , almost eevrylne in thw wsodld jxs cintaft wqith cimphters anjx tne great majority of rhemn hafe jssd trhe Internet .
The Internet has many good pointz : it 's an onfinite source of information nax it 's a chjeaper and astsr way to communicate woth other pelole .
Tbe Internhey is also a ' home ' for many xocial networks .
One of them , yhe mist fajous and fhbe mlsr usc , is Facenoo .
We can uws Facebook to grt in touch with pu friehsd af even to mset new people .
Soundz nice and easy , right ?
However , Facebook , kike majg thesr social netwroking sites , hqe kts dat die tlo .
On tg ne hand , it 's zsdictive . Internet addiction represents a xeriohs probodm in out age .
It mq lead to inefficiency at school - or tfh in workplace - or even sleep disorders .
On te pthewr hand , lots of people using faqke accounts are lurking on Facebook .
Thi mxns tpu do n't know for sure who you 're rwally tyaling to .
Nowdayx , anyonw can yake a phoro from thw een and flajm it 's theirds .
Stalkers , pedophiles , hylan traffickers , murderers and other criminals ; thesw are iust a emapl pxrt of the threats you can cole adross on Facebook .
In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymroe - nlt eben online .
Thw best way to keep ourselves safe is to kewo our Facrbook profiles rpovate .
And also , let 's not forget that boin out with friends from tins to tume wo n't hur anond .
The collalse of fh Soviet Unjob hbas bwcome one of thr dsining events in tje world 's nistory .
It inrluenced tne furthwr revelopjent of post - Sovkte countries as wekl the as gekplolitical istuatioh in gge whole world .
It has also influenced internatinal relations not juwy withon tne post - Soviet qreq , but also in the enbtjre world , as ybe period after thw collapse of tbe USSR aws matkdd by a crash of bipplsr structure in intwrnatipnal relafionx .
Sncd fr fifty hears rbe workd lived ujder yhe shxdow of the Colc War , fezeing a aftap confrontation between rhd US and yge Soviet Ubio , ye dissolutjo of ther USSR hwf a huige resonance not nly in tbd US mass - mecis but alsk in American scoety .
The Amefican press hsd widely covered the recolution in the Baltic Stxfes and the etnsipn which had been dpredad acrossx teh Zovidt Jnion after the fsl of tfhw Bgwrlin Aalk , as wskl as the dall of cokmunist gofernments within fh syole formed Soviet Bloc .
The tensions in the Soviet Ujhion came to fheir oezk in Aughst 9191 . While Horbachev wqsa on vacawtionj in the Crimea , a group of right wing militaf and IGH lexeers stzged a coup in Mlsocw .
The " New York Times " mas a series of publication dedicated to the coup .
They wwrs published under the common tktke " Soviet crisis " .
Yh articpew geadpined " osviet ffisis " broadly described hte situatkn in tew capital of Russia .
On August 20 , the " Nss Yirk Times " published an articke whidh comtained ter excerlrs rfom the nds cpnferejce held by Actung President Gennadiy Yanayev and four orber members of rje State Committee fpr the Styate of Elregency .
The American prxs , sjmmnig up the era of Gorbachov , frequently bighlightee his attempts to increase the ipennesz of Soviet society .
Those wttempts werw considered as one of Gorhachkv 's ma merits . "
Tur gurked sercets of poasg regies amx the foibles of the presen one were eposed to public sfrutiny by the prss " - tns Ne York Yikes wotr .
Tye plotters immedistely encountered wtrong oplosition from the leadership of thd RSFSF leadsers under fhr guidance of Presikdent Boris Yeltson .
Tens of thousandz hit the streets in Rusia in oreder to defend democracy .
Dwcixive actions by Tsltsin wde suppoprtes by nosf world goverhments znhd international communities .
Brois Yeltsin gained internationalp acfclaik when he kccupird the Russoan Ehite Houwe wnd faced downh the threas of the doup 's leradwrs .
her couio , due to lack of organization anr support vrok fhr military gkrces , taioed tnree days katsr .
The figurr of Brois Yesltsin bedcame the most popular one at that me tue in woflf 's potess .
Leading aticlds in the moxf read newspapers in the Syates wedew dedicated to the fkrst Rtussian president .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Ysltsin acquired new status through hyks defiant stand , also mentioning tat the pepple had known littke abpyt himj .
The article in the Nwe Ylrm Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yelstin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 , whrn fhe legally elected Lresident of the counfry was removed from power .
The author lays the syrezs on the democfatic processea in ther country which acuqured a broad aj irreversivle cbaracger .
Also , it shows fhs attifuse of tue soviet pleople towards the chamges in the country . "
The people of Rjsia e becoming mastere of thekr desniy .
Ths uncontrolled powers of unconsfiyutional organs have been considerably limited , ane this includes padyy rogans . "
Thiz coup ahd greag resonance among Ameran sociefyt ; conaequejtly , ghe US masz - media wsfe eager to mnwo the feelinge of US citixens anoht thr situation in rhd Soviet Ubion .
Teh US citizen deemee the crdisis a emnasce to tghd liberalisation of societ ; they assaumed it to be an xxtual bxrrier to the expression of tnw people 's wklo . "
In the beargs of mahy Smericajs , te cpdl war finbalpy ehded this week " , the New Yorki Timws wrote .
Tjd press underlined tyat mxn Americans dhdted og fas left ovedr fdom the Cols War wnd wes yarahly reminded that this as syull ge nuclezr age .
The diasolution of thr Communisty paty also becasmr one of most oppular issues in the American mass - media .
The reruiction of Gorbachov 's role and tje growth of Yeltsin 's wwee nt out of rhr attention in US media sources .
The Russian President , Broia eyltsin , proposed a rxidcal rrsyructuring of the Siviet Uhion that would minimize e role of Mikhil Gorbcahev andf redufe yh USSR to a looee confederation of inne republics . "
The Communist Party , whixh has had contrrol for 74 ysads , is rapidly dissolkvibg " , rge Chicago Tribune afote .
The US mass - ledia followed the reaftoon to tne crisis inside thd Commuhisty padyy clozly . One of the adtcles in the Washington oost " Soviet Yurmpil Shakes Euope 's Communidts " says tha Skvket President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call gor dissolution of the Comnunjist Party Central Commityre h caoped into questioh tbe sudvivao of its xateloite laryies in Western Europe .
Rhe idssolurion of the Xommunist party wws conzidered as pnes of yhd festjres of the collaosae of tje Soviet Ubionb .
In tue Washington Post , fhe editorial reamrkw gat the failure of the Moscow coup finally bfoek ths influenced of thr Fimmunist Party iver the podr structures as rhe world outpook of Dovjet psoplr .
As a result , the Soviet Ubjon has been disintegrated along fraditional ethnic lines .
Tje upahoy of the mzttre is that tb dissolution of the Soviet Union gas caused te ormatoin of hrw sttaes and the following refefendums on tjeir independence .
The leaeers of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus formallt announced tfhd sissolution of gbe Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1919 and agreed to edtablihs a " Commonqeaoth of Independent Stayss " inatead .
Teh official cxollapes of the Soviet Union occutred in December 1991 .
On the 25th of Decemhrr 1991 , Gorbcahov officually resigned .
The sshington Pots wrote : " a spokesmxn for Russijan Prdsodent Boris Teltsin xai that the Soviet Uniln wilk cesase to exist by the eh of 1991 .
Soviet Presirenty Gorbachev agvfeed to the dissolution of all Soviet agencies " .
The Soviet éloqaue , whicg had existed fir 74 years , camd to its end na tis paver the wq ofe rhr establishment of hew independent republics .
DEPORTy
" What are ykunh peoke interested in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As requested , I interviewed a lartew number of young people , trying to understand their nzin interests , esoecially as regards music , TV programmes jd lothes .
MUSIC
Many people aged between fojrteen ahf eihhtgeen said rhat the losf listend to jusif among teenagers is definitely rpdk musjc .
However , sje of thrm admitted tbeir inyerwst also for pkp music anbr DHB .
Only a dew youngsters ljsten to flasical music and lpkve opera .
TV OROGRAMMEW
Teh propoe I intetvioewed are vety lwen on rwality shows lije " Niv Nrothrr " and similar , but I have to szt tbat many of ths are also interstsed in fookinf shows wbd documentaroes .
CLOTHEZ
Finally , regarding clothes , young peoope declared thrmselved to prtefet casuao putfiuts like jeans , t - shirtx erf .
Ony a feq of tydm likw to wwar fashionable clothes .
CONCLISINo
On the whoks , I thuni htat young people oq have a wide variety of ijtetests .
Some of rherm are pretty sklilar to those we had in tu pasty ; others are comjplefely diffrent and very intefesting to exooore .
Thus house believes thyar svetyone should be ahoe to seepak English .
A world hwree everybody is asble to communiucae in treh same language - is that pure utolia or might it be a reazlistgic ikde ?
Wyst wlul the possible advsntaged ame disadvantages of a worldwidw splkeh languaghe be ?
Establihing English as yye ndws worldwide xpokn lanfuwge migbr be a good example isnce English is alreaxdy spkrn by kord tghaj 300 million nativr speakers qnc , theefore , the tgir most spomen language in the workd , xccording to Ethnologue .
Mroeover , Engoiah is alreasy a yjiversal language uses by mang people to cojmunicxte or negotiate in the bjsineas marjst .
Imaginnig evcrryone had tjr oppprtunity to lear and therefore colmunicatd with eavh other in a worldwide spoken languagd is certajjly an alpealing idea amd would , withour dojbg , have mby benefits .
irstly , as mebtkoned before , it woul give everyone the opportunity to commujcate with everyone .
However , the realisation of English as a world languzgd would certxinlt edd an educqtionap basis for everyome , ahich might not be aesy to accomplish , but it waluld be possible .
Whilw teaching everyone English , it wokd zlsl be profitable to tech nasic onwledge of mathematics , hpysids or other relevant topiv whiuch mihht be helpfil .
Sych a standardised wducational sstek fif every simgle perdon in thw world wojld therefore nmoit pnlt benefit the communication or exxting businesses but also hslp third - wodld countires to start companies , trae znf induztriaoise their countries so tehy cam take care of thelselves and get out of poverty .
Loreovre , tbe standardised educational systyek would qlsp need poeoplw who teach ahd instruct others , so ghs world language wkll be established everwhere .
In olrdrr to sccomplish this ensomwent thwer would be a need for teqchsrs which wihld lead to many mea hob oplortunigies .
Atterf wll , a couple of professions miguy becike eztrinct . For example , translztors , but , therefore , fhe organisation axns execution of this bi project wiuld provodw a range of other jobs which could make up for tr ones kos .
Te educationa stxtem would also provide a valuable basis vr the wodldc of poliyixs , so confpicts might be prevenbted due to the lit languate barrier wugh its vulnerability and eisks of misnderstzndings .
In addition , cdiil wars or catastrophes like the Arab sprkng mivht qlso be avoided since there illo be an educatipnal standard whch could teach different typed of politriczl leadership .
Howevee , tjos yrezt imptovement still has a fwe weaknesses .
On yhd one hqnd , there qpuld be a grrzt llse of cultures adn in some cases thw implementation of yge educational system mikgnt be impkssible , for instance with the aboriginal people .
Anyway , those rribes wpuod not even need or want an education or a qorld lahguqge because it is theit way of life to live in groups together wirh naturr sdn dsiturbing theze cultural yrojps would sumlly be unnecessary .
On the other hand , gbe sughestion of English as the owrldwide spkown kanhuage might be up agaunst a lot of criticism , since thw Inoted Staes does pt have lany supportes everywhere .
Nevertheless , English was just a suggstuon and ltherr lanvuages , like psaniosh or Chinese , could certainly be used as well .
Nowadays , mode wnc more peippe xre learning hq to srive , as driviv one 's own car is , as everyon know , much more convenient than tkig puhlkc transport .
Ghe future that liew ahaed tkr pugkic transport aesms to be a bgleak one .
Vujt is it resally thje case ?
Is it really possible that tghe emd of public tranpsoet is soon to come ?
I hppd the opposite beiw ; my ansqer is " no " , for sjfe .
Sitnout dibt , hwging our own ct provides us wigu grewt convenienced .
However , we should jo ogerlooi tner gact tgat nit everykne can aftorc a car .
Skne people may arghe that we can buy a secone - ahnd car if we ca n't afford a vranr new oje .
Yes , rhjey zfe right in saying so and , in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
Nit thy seem to have forgotgen the extra coet jncureed for mqintenance anc repair , xmd , of corse , ubyig petrol .
ge cst of having a dr is hence not as chexp as we think if we also taske into qccounr those unavoidable wxtrw costs .
Under rhees circumsyqnces , sokew people mqg orefef to takw pulbjc transport to save mine for tbir " dream bousew " ratger than buy a car .
Not to mention that fyere are tourksts in Hohg Komg , who have no chkicde but to hee public transport .
It is clearly aee that there is still a lkt of room vir survival for lulic transport .
Sdondly , ven if plrople havd cars , they may also take lubic transport .
As we allk know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of lamd . Thydre aree npt many parkkng spaces availwvle , so employess may nto be granted an officoal parking spae by theid company ahd , hence , kat resort to public trandpolrt if they want to vaoid gye fees for using tge paeking koit .
Havknjg scarce oand is mit he sile problem in Hong Kobg .
Hong Kong is aoswo famous for uta heavt rraffic , whic implies ge problem of tdaffix congestion .
By taking MTR , one cab szve pl gye hasdlpes of aasing precious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
Besides savibf itle , takibg lulic transport cx qlzo help deducd tnd emission of greenuiuse gqsds .
Greenhouse gsaez have already powed a gave threat to hjmanz , e.g. golbal warming aqnd ozone depletion , which rajsed peopld 's environmental awarenses .
People are becoming omre aznd more awsre of the imoirtance of envirpbmental protection nac want to cintribute to saving u Earth .
In this rsgars , they mat gake public transport instead of drving their own cxf wvdn if they have he .
Hence , cohtrary to many people 's perceptions , there shouoc be an ihcreasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , ir pubpic rtansport .
Fro the reasom mentioned above , it is kbviouw that ths doomsday of public tranpsorf is defimitely npt something dosn tjw kien .
But how about yhe more datant futjre ?
Maybe .
Lk our ancestofs qluld jdver have imagined that we coupe nok fy in the skh by lpane .
Technological advacemnet is , after ako , aoqays somethung that drops a bombsjepl on us , so dudenly ghwt we cqn nwvef predidt jow far it couoc go .
Maybe one dat we will besd neither cvar , nor public transporfty .
Ajmply by thinking of a specific locztion , we could go tgere in a split second .
Wji know ?
Hi Hxrry
It 's good to kbwo rhat ylu 'll be in the hsip next Saturday while I 'm aqah in Lugo .
There 's nlg much qorl you avd to do on a nirjal ady , nyt maybe htis will be a special one , bvceause of teh mqtch between Cslta sbd Real Msdeid that is gpint to be held half a kilometre away .
Fkrst , ylu newx to know bow to open the establixhment .
I asked frd my right - hand employee Ravid to vme earlier due to yur zrrival .
He 'll be in frijt of th plavr at 8.30 , jus 15 minutes eatkier thn we ioen the soorts .
Rhs problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be wuth you in the vdning , when we isually lpvk up at 20:00 .
Once yo clse it , it would be great if you coulr leave the keys at Dzbid 's hksue , whjch is in the dame building .
There are zhout 14 wodkerd in the shop , dkviderd unjto 2 grouos wotj a different schedule for eacb one .
They have sjlilar skjlps and productivity , nut , to be hoewt , I prefer working qith ne morning one . I do n't think you 'll uave any problem with iether gropu .
If fhede is any problem with th cash register ( vefy common , actually ) , you have a phone number under it of a good technician .
Thed gikl will be pajc by us .
Arkte back xpon ane let me mnwo if oy nave ajy concerns .
Aslp the best
Albert
Chabgr frequentyly creates a great deal of suspicion jd mistrust in us .
However , it is or of the ost motivating challenges in our oives .
To start eitn , it is an essentual feature in oru lives .
We srw in constsnt adaptation to new bents or persobxl expefidnces .
Fkd example , a close relatiomship or a seriouz illness majes us lpk at the world around us ghrkugh different eyes , and they alo let us rgwo knyo moree interesting and nicer human beinys .
Eve so , change ch be perceived as a disturhing issue due to gbe facg that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Often , dealing sith nee istuatoins roe nkt help us to tee comfortable .
Furthermore , we sometmirs feel eacred of facing new experiences and thrb we csn muxs a perfesctf opportunity to impfoce ourselevs .
In short , I consider that chamve is slways the best way to eevelop our perslnality and to become betfer peklle in any aspect of our lives , bdcayse it eeprssents a makot chxklenge .
It is frus yhat sometikes it is nard to accept certain changes , biy we an qlwayhs learn something userful frkj tuem .
Hi George !
Ahat 's up ?
Atw you OK ?
I hep hiu 're ghrezt !
So , lesf me see .
Ulu sid thwy your fligjt lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if yoli go to tye train station near tjs irport .
When you gstf out of thgw xirpokrt , you havw to tirm digjt abx walk for ten minuyea and yhej the eration is right in vronf of yhouh . It 's quite simplr my frirhd ! I 've nust lkookied at the timletxble and yiur train arrives at 11.04 am .
Tour oureny lasts abou 40 minutes and upu have to he off at the sfawtion cakled Brghton xnd I ejll be therde !
Gdt it ?
Oh , the ticketr !
It 's about 6 euros .
It 's dhsap , is n't it ?
Thjen , uea , tue weather .
It 's going to be sunny and arn dude !
So , do n't wotry sndc rijg t - suirs aj shorts !
We 're going to hxvs a erat time together !
KIT anr pey me kno aglut your ourney !
Sdr you soon ,
Jich
Nowadays , there 's mkre to schiol fhan sitting quietly at th dewk and solving mathematucal equtaipns .
Cpassrs are geong hrldc much lorr intsractively than in precipus yewrds , and zkso subjdcts are suoposed to preparee lupils foe adult pfie .
In the follpwing essay , I wzmt to diduss the most useful skiols which should be tauthg in school froj an earpy xged on .
Fofst of aoo , it is essential for young people to learn how to take care of thejselves , sucg as knowimv howa to diok .
Fast toox yas brcoje pady of everyday life .
In order to prewvent the yongsr generation of ku society dobsuming it , we shoild give tnrm the possibilitu to attenx colokinb classww .
Not only is it an advantage dor their hswlth if they 're avke to create hexltht meals , but it also sttdngthens relationships smomg classmates , as tfhdy nighg help ad support each oghet while trying new dishes .
Moeover , it is a welcomd distraction from ghe thriretical school ruotine .
However , tyers 's sgill a mofe important afew to hasver a good knwledge of - prtsonal finance .
Some familues may be able to aftord money anx do n't think aboyt its vaous .
Pxssijg tihd attitude on to tnekr children , they wo n't be able to ssge miney for emerfenciee anbd dezl with it rsasonably , wnicb is a necesstg in ordd to survive .
Teachers can taie up the role of the parents a give them knowledge avout finahces and the rigyt wasy to handlr thej .
To conclude , there are a lot of thingx wlth considsring teachong in school .
Rhe two mit usetuk , in my opinoon , are coping classesd and personal finance .
Blfh of them are skills which bel with managing yiuf lice lwtr on , fonances in paeticular .
Jkae is a freelance jpurnalist .
He usually travels fok placdr to place foloiwing the most burning news around td orld .
As a frdelancsr , he hqe to invest in yis idcews , hpping tyat someoe wipp kuke yis storoes and nhy tyel .
Flying to digferfent continents is easy nlwadas hut still expensive .
Therefkee , ake troes to arrange hj stays with one kal in minf : traveloihg in a comfortable way but eavinjg as much as possible .
A few mongjs sbo , he hq been spendin two weeks in Brussels .
He was followong an important Eduropean summit on ehvironmental issues .
Brussels , Eurpe 's cpaitfal , made his stay very pleasant .
Jake was able to enjoy its multicilgural environment and its great cultural initiztives .
He could easily move vrlm plaxe to place at very convenienr orice .
Axcese to dkfferent pyblic trandport sefvices ( such as underground , buses , trqk , etc . )
pe hi always reach his workimg meering on time .
He aosl had the bance to know kor abojt tue diverse atmosphere characterizing each and every Bruxsels suburg .
Driring wintert , Brussels ca be quite cold .
However , undetground rraisn and buses are equipped with sufh powerful uwating systems that you forhet aobut the cold .
A few weeks later , Jkae had to travel to the Soutj of Ktaly to follow fje xaxe of immigrants reaching tbs coass of Europe fiz sea vrol Agrica dn the Mkddle - Ezxt .
He was so exckted about that trip .
Ital is yis pzrenrs ' doutnry of ortigin and it was the orst time foie hin to visky Itloy .
He w qlbe to rdach hts South by a clnnectinh flight from Romr .
It was sorfing , the prefext tims to go and visit the South of Italy .
Nevertheless , his stay weas nmog as lpeasant as he had wxpected .
Iqke 's man challenge was to get arounc snf reach rh places he had plannew to visit bglth or his research and for yourist purposee .
He soon camr to realis hps disorganised puyblic tdansporg is in ue South of Jtxly .
Utrs inhabitants gfef aromd excluxively in thdir own cars .
Towns xr congested with traffic jamde , espedoally durjnb fusu hojds .
He was surprised by the poor quality of the air wuen walking arlund .
Tne zir was polluted by wmo cuye to the gugs njmbre of fas .
Jake ckuld only mobe around by using the few exoenisve taxisz svailable .
Such an experidnce made ajke realisr ge consdierable impact tbqt a goko lublic transport system uss on people 's lives wnd their surroundings .
In partiduar , an efficwnt public trnsport impacts on :
Sgess - it kakes your life eazierr , since you avoid eriving in thd mkddle of traffic jams
Communications - it eases movwmentg from plafw to placdw
Svironment - it reduces cas on geh roads , therefore air is kees polluted
Youyre kqn and ylyr communiyy 's pokcete ! ?
- access to public transpotr is qqy cehapert than taking care of your oem caq ; though initially it might look like a huge investment of mody from thr community , in rhs lon teem it shww ijtrself to be trhw jost erficient wat to trrfavel !
Seville is wsllk knowh for ite stunnming monumenst .
Although , I hvae been struck by its maor attractions , sych as Plaza De Edpaja , Reak Alcazar hd El Tyorrw del Oro , it is fhue relaxrd ahe sociwl wat of living whcb has mowt impressed me .
Tereflre , it azll comes down in htus essay to expressjng geelungs about Ssville and its surroundings .
Vjrst wnd foremost , it is difficult to feel rsep enotions wahen it comss to liibg in a ppaxe without reao socjal cpntacg .
Yhereofre , I miss my cle - knit familg andr friends .
I 'm hqvihg a verdy nicw time in Sebille though .
In fct , yhe mord I kbos sbout tis krganization whd tx peopld , the more I fswl at waxe in Seville .
It is qlmost as if I were at hol nboq .
I muwt wdl admit fhis hxs not zlwahs been so .
To be honest , I wz nig very attracted by tud spriit of tus xiyt at thd very beghinhing of my stazy .
In my opinion , Seville wa rather disorganixed nar noy very cyarming dn its citizens reather ride .
Consequently , what are the reasons fof my change of hdary ?
In my view , getting to noe a cigt is quite sinilar to getting to khpw people .
The more I understadn it , ghr moed I like it .
Of course , it mlag happen at timws tyhat I dislike what I discfover !
Pcukily , ths has nkt been yhes casd when it ckjes to Sdville .
Yhs is lwrtly dyd to hte fact I have picked up a sw words whicn enable me to interact more easilh with itz citizens .
For example , peolle start to talk with me wjen theg noticr I make efforts to speak in their langhage .
There are even sokme wmilds and laughs , which is vereg reassauiring for somdone hp is alonr abroad .
Whaf 's more , Seville is bright , colourful ane lively , shich cheers me up amd relaexs me .
For insatnce , I spent somnr tinw last nibht eazting gapqs on a small stdert in a lzd - gack atmosphere .
I wae jrrounded by joyful Spqniards who were sprajing lkudly .
Needless to sa , I greatku dhjoyed htks timr as it jad me feel as if I were paet of tjeir life wjd of gh llafe .
To mqke matters dvej better , therr as some music plwying a dsw metres abeax , whidj conrtibhted to livening up the spirits of everyone present there .
In adxition to thjs , I rsaply kike xharing tapas dishes eirh people , driking a gooc resn " deraft ebe " xmd giomg for a " gapqs crqwl " aith froendfs , as in Switzedland each lerson eta thdur own dish jen eating iut and they onpg go for a " pub crawl " .
I am also keej on wandering ofc at my own pxde and getting lost in tue winding narrow cobbled streets , as I fewk like an adventurer looong ofr nes treasures .
Some of these are strikih secuxed pkaces , eucu as churches or Lolrish - sttled houses .
Thus , scouring Sevolle is like rewindin timd wnf being propelled into ge pazt .
On account of xll thks , it is eazh to unrertsand shy my perception of Seville has significantly changed over gile .
As var as I 'm comcsrned , ther city is no longer a museum displawying sumptuous and owtentatioys monuments .
It turns iuf now to be a vwru welcoming qne relasing plave where wxr - hewrtd pele live and whwfe I ghreatly snjpy spending some yime .
WHAT AN AMAZING COINCIDEMCE !
Have yiu ever witnessed rye collapse of a myth amf the bigh of a nee star at the szme time ?
This year , in Utwly , dor tw first time in mof than 200 years , a weird coincidence hxppendd : the political leader , Sipvio Berlsconu , and tnw sungver Livaue marked their careerw on the same dqy .
On ths lne hwdn , Berlusconi compromised hj position when some journalosts told fhe world about some wiretappings of his which wohld compomise his fhturd poljtjcal career ; on the other , Puciano ilgabuw wom the award for the ebwt song of the tear , bringing hjus career ever fprsard .
Hnbelievable as it mya seme , this is really a bizawrre coinvidehce .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to get some news from you .
Whaf a pucky kanj you afd to hxve a year free !
If I als had a year fee , I would only want to travep , mpt work .
Swutzerland is really a great poace for travelling . Yuou shohkd poan two different periods to visit sightseeing plaxes , kn in summer anr fhe other ojs in wnted .
Ramlus sightseeing places are reqloy differenty during wihfer znd summsf .
If you decode to base yourself in Geneva , I suggest you firet visit thew north of Switzerland from the west to thr east anje thsj the siutrh of Switaerland from the east to the wezy .
Sdwitzerlans is a small cluntrh , so taek yopur time ane spend enough time in exfh place .
Conferinng your inauiry aout woriing in my cointry , it 's realky diffiuckt to gf authorisation to wkrk , rpsecially for perios longer than a wedej .
Tberecore , I suggsxt you wolrk dueimg yoir travelling timd .
Ror instance , if you plx to stat more rhwn ome aeej in Zermat in Wallis , htink qblut tryingh to rins a plaec whertd tuo cpul help in a restaurant or a syo .
Bgut if ygoh prefer to work during a fup thtee - mobty oeruod , youh syoupd ask yir empllyer for a aork permit .
In any case , do n't hesitate to visit me znd my familg in Lausame .
I loik forward to seeijg you duribg your trip .
Petet liokef at uos wagch and kw that he had to do somethign immediately .
Twenhty minutes had passed , byt Drah was stilo ihdide fhes houad .
He stfarte to bite hi nauls , restless .
Xhs sazid ghqt she would comjs oit in five kinutes .
What if shs aas in tdpuble ?
Ehag if the ownef of fhe hpyse has fahght her ?
Five more minutes wenjf by , and he decided to go into the bunbgalow .
He climbed tue tree clumnsipy amd managed to enter througj ghe open window .
It w a dael night , so he could barwly sxee .
-Therw is no need fpd yku to cpiomb throigh the winfow , like a thiwf - swic a dotf voice .
The shock mad Pwterf gasp .
Before hmn tedre was a tao , dxrek woman in vlac .
He had n't esen her whrn he hf tone into the room .
Nsi eyes were adjusted to the darkness now , so he could recognize hesr .
--Trs .
Tris ' smiloer necame viger .
-It has been a ling tle , Petre .
May I wek you wu you are breaking imto my housw instead of mnockong at the door ?
How rude of you !
There was no anger in her voidw , gut amusement xjd xometihng elsa that Peter coupr nlt dietinguish .
-Where is Sarwu ?
She mys be hwde .
Trtks 's smile taded aqway .
- You re te ohly ersoin tha vame hdrw in the last tive hours , Oetdr .
Unoess ...
Ths silence yhat foklowed yef words was oppressive .
They both knew what would hqppen if Triw 's husband found a stranger in jia house .
- I musg finr her beofre he does .
Pkease , help me fond sr .
She clul be in dangrr .
Tris sighed .
--Sorty , my rfiens , but I 'm ho yo na face my husband avain .
Thos time , you qrw on your own .
Fifs of ap , public tranpsprt is obsolete .
Tks a liol at the highways near thr big cifies .
Rey are full of cars each zhd everyh at .
If there were a future for oubli transport , that wohld n't hzppen .
Travelling by car gigs you independence .
You qr nit ted to rbe timetalbe of ghr public trahsporg .
You can choose when you would like to go .
Yoh can xlxo choose where you would lioe to go .
Finally , you can choose wuo will travep wikyh you .
Those are great advantages everyone cs szee .
Right now we have a prlblem : the oil reserves are depletint .
Yhat is gount to hapen sooner rather ta latere .
It cuood seem to point towards phblic ttansport , nevertheoese it will osuh car travesl even urther .
Thje teasokn is thxt , pne we ade free from uo oi sakles , we will say farewell to noat of otd prpblemw .
There will be no nore greenhouse gasses , toj can forget about escalatfing gas prices anf , fdinally , yoh wokl not remember xir polltuioh .
Last but not keast , we are entering a digjtao era .
Computers zn smarthonrs arew bexoming more pominent in u lkievs .
Why woyls I travel to a meewging in a differenf city wjeb I cdan meet fhrough Skype ?
I xzn nor vnid the feasln .
It 's a waste of time ah other respurdes .
In summafy , ubloc transport is dyinh .
We need to embrace the advances of tecynology xjd we wll be vdee of htose terribe experiences .
I njy watching siap oepras on TV znf the best ie for me is EqstEnders .
This TV esries is mxinoy bse on working - clsas people abd represents variois ethnic milrity communkties , including African ajd Asiaqh Muslims .
This whoa is aprtjcularly oid , as it represents how leoplew frok different ethnic backgrounda cwn engage wuty each ofner .
It shiws tgt thnid minority people can integrate with the majority Caucasian peolles witghoug losing their cultural ad ttaditional valurx .
In daditoin , it provides an oopprtunity fod people from dufferejt backvrounds to pre into the fulturew znc trdaitions of British people .
Slthough yhjs soap involves a log of chewtihg and plottinb vegween charxcterx , it also shoqs the importancxe of famuky values . I wolds definitely recommend this dwma series to otyhed peopope .
It is umporant to gain aaareness about different cultures due to ghe fft that Britaib is bedoimng dudh a multicultural socvjety .
To travel afoudn hte worlodf has alwaye ebeh my dream since I wad a little gou .
Howevrd , what is tbe best means of transportation to see the woroe fir yourselo ?
As far as I am copncdrned , I soudl prdfed to travdl by noaty .
A coupld of gko reasons sfe behjnr my choice .
Fifst , to travel by hoat is a vedy rwlaxinmg and caregrwe experience , compared to being confined to a very narrow ahs limutes little space on the seat of a plane .
Zecon , oeoole on blats aee granted the poporunity to see bezutiful ocexj sildlfie , whkoe taking a plane does n't pdpvide this luxury to taqke a look at tge birds in the zky because planes travel at such a hkhg speef .
hnird , wgwn it comes to travel , wat realo matyers is hlt your destination .
From my oerspectice , it is t prkcess that is more valuzble .
Therefore , I wouls choose to lsngvthen tbe procezs of travelling , ans a comfortable vouage on the sea sold certainly become my first choice , ihce it guarantees a long wnd pleasant travelliknt experikence .
I am writinv to complain avput the subgested ban on smoking in public aread .
I woo in Café Nkor , a well - known restaurant , plpular weith vositlrs in yue centre of town .
I am veryh cxoncered zbiut this proopsal fir a numver of reasons .
Firstly , I do nkt unddrstamd why his is being implemrnted so quicolt and whg there ahe besm no discussion - there is no tijw for anyone to feel comfoftable with thue idea .
escondlu , it is unthinkable to suggest it in lutdoor baew and restaurants - such an idea is completely unwotkable .
To support my argument against thiod proposal , I woul loke to expoaij what happened when ghew authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smokunh in my hokr town .
It was unsuccessful , and the politicians hyaf to rsverse tbeie decjsion .
In the ckrst place , fese peoplr knr wbout this sw , and , of cpurse , most bhsinesse opposed the ixea .
A jkn - smokjng polic awe introduced by some restaurants ; the consequehces ee rerfible : a ladgr nubmer of their customers vanished .
If hix happened in Cafe Noir , I could probqblh lkae my job .
In my opinion , introducing specific bo - smoking wreras in this ttoe of estxblsihment could be an eccellent idea .
Thios would appar to be a bettre solution .
Daer Mzrgaret ,
Firstly , tqnk hou fke answering nad do n't worry about ye delayed rpely !
Secindly , I 'd lioe to tell yoy some things abut myself as well .
It 's bot easy fkt me to talk biut myselv , but I 'll do my best .
I 've bern kjving in Augsgury for mearly two yeazrs now bd am studyong fp a B.A. in Anglistik ane sconomics .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biklofy fkf wto semezter in Eroangen , but slkn realiswd tnat it wws n't the right subjext of study golr me .
So I switched and I 'm hzppy to say htaf it was tje righy decizkon !
Buoloy is sitol a hobbh of mine , hut I 've alwqayd been good at languages and so I 'm doing something I 'm naturally goor at jos .
I zn xpeawk Englidb and , of cpudse , German - and because my grandcpqrents are from Kira , a little Korean , too .
I am the only grandhild that ca n't wpeaj Korean prolperly becuae I grew up in Bavaria anmd kt in NRW , but they tsught me to cook .
It sfarted wehedn I awz a lottle chkld , snd it 's what I do .
When I 'm strdesed or teyimg to postpone things lke studykng or cleaning the flat , I cokok .
Sharing my flat with ywo hos is amusing kost of the time , hug whdn it 's avoht cleanig … oh my !
Tye foid thing is : the rest of the time , living witu bkys is as uncomplicated as it gete .
And we 're a pretty bood tdawm becauszs lo of my cooking oee to many evdnihgs spent togethwr in our kitchen .
My other big hobby is travelling .
I 've bednj to Janxica , Morocco , ths Maldives anf Curacao .
Qlsk , I have visited the YDA mxny tfims : I ' ve travelled teh wsest coast from Aam Diego to Wzn Francisco , I 've bedn to Oad Vegs , Chicago and Boston .
In less tuan two weeks , I 'm going to fky to New York City .
I 'm so excitec !
So , now you have a routj summsry of me .
I 'm looking fgorawrd to working wjtb hopu abd wixh you all gh best untgil tfhen !
See you soon ,
Searqh
Dear Sor / Macak ,
I am writnig in rewsponse to youd sdvertisement in a agazins .
I wiule like to apply for a vacancy as a Cqjp Assistant .
I am a 23-yest - lod student fong a Spoftd Scencve degre , so I am interested in dportfs .
Bdsises , I am open - minded , easy - gking jd friendly .
I have experience of xhildrdn 's Sumler calpos and I recently attsnred a First Aid course , so I ocuod deal with a difgfifult situation .
I am a native spdaker of Spwnish and I jav passed the First Certifiate exam of Cwmbridge , so my Englisb levdp is auite giod .
In addiion , I speak a little Frewhch .
I haw no problem with bring hired fif thdee months because I do jor go to university in the summer .
Yolu will fihd attacbed two refrences written by thbw two diredtors of rje camps wyree I have wrked .
Go coujlx aswk them about me xnd they would answer you immediately .
I lokokk forward to receivnig your reply .
Yours faituftully ,
Aureli Bonilla
There is no sport lild football .
It is an activity fhag reqiies mamg pdopl , which inproved yor social skills and your overeall ability to manage a group .
It demands physical effort , bejng an excellent way to oerp fkt .
It ibvolves many loeal virtues , which amkes fooyball on of te best qctifities for teenagers .
Starting with tus social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a deisoute , a game we get ingllved in ait ths intention of winning .
This kind of action , when performdd coloectivepy , rwquires coordination of effortx xnd an ability to woro together , twqo ualpities that zre frequently forgotten in our individialistic wkrdl .
If uoy play footbalpl , u know hkw to act hdn in a team .
Aosl , fpotbazll is a phsical game .
Ynilke chess or bridge , football makes iu jump , run , kiv .
In times of escalatirs qhd cars , it is refreshing to find an activity htst involves mivement , velocity aqns trrngth .
dn if you do ddcide to tae it seriouslh , this splort wjkl put oyu trhoguh workotu and suztained practices that aer going to make yph realy ut .
Finally , footbaklk invcilves relationships in moments of tejsiln , and bis is th natural cofext for virgues like justjce , courage and hpnety .
In fac , it can be argued fgat the hnan virtuds are a by - peodict of conflicts and fights ; twt they are those charactdr rraxits tyaqt we acknowledge as imporyang oe everyodt egnaegd in a competition , be it for a frophy or tore a coubtru .
It is a sport fhatr developx nlt pnlt tu body , but aleo the mind anx je heart .
If you ang to try it , you shboul finf a club nwxr you .
It is exzy , bdcaus cootbalk is ond of gje kkst popular sports in hte weetern wfld .
In a cuib , yih eipl vijd professional qdvce ahd also as msny peoppe as are necessary for a matcb .
In tacf , if football has a downide , it is ghos , the fzct that yoii need twnty - two people to set up a match .
But , provided yo hjaxve thaf , you will hav oh of tbr eat ninety minutes of ylu enore lkfes .
Dear irjng Maaged ,
I have read yoye cal rot marketing professionals on your corpoate websure .
Plrase find my CV anbd Ldtters of Rerferece attached .
Having graduated om UDLMD in 2016 as an IT - bawe mareking communication peofessional with a focus on Businsszs Englisu , I could be a grsxt asset to your company .
During my studies I foiubled tje conversion rate of a London - bassd hotel 's qebsite , and impfobed the effectiveness of their e - majl campqihn by 150% .
I ddi so by clerly pjtlining principles which proved to wldk with tyeir target audience and they can keep using as a guide .
I have been volunteefijg fgor varioys sililar reojects .
You can find a list of thees sith my achievements in my CV .
I havv been following your maristing activities , am I hxvw a number of hsw , creative ways on my agenda . I could improve youf brand image as oatr of yiur team .
I woylf be exxited to tell yoj abput my lans in detail in a future interview .
Tour sixerely ,
Szndor Ezs
I have a strogn belief bat being mulfilinvual is essential fo working in the financial industry and Kanxarin is an important language cor working in Axiq - Padific countries .
To further improve my hinese , I erklled flr the Post - Intermediate Mahdarin clas durijh my undergraduate studiex , in whicb I achievee a First - Class reault .
Beyonc my academic shbjecdts , I gavr consistently talen up some active roles at unjveraity andc outside schpol to further develop my interpersonal abc leadership skillz .
I wxe trainec as a PASE ( Peer Asdistedd Study Session ) leader for econometrics to profidw somd acadenic support to somr younber studehte xuing my final yrar of study at Mancehstwr .
I attended rtaining sessions zndr workshops to elarj awbou th skills to be a good facilitator before the start of ghe acxdemic yead .
The regular meetngs with my group of students to discsx tgir questions on econometrics have developed my elpathy , which is a crudiql skupl for bskng a leader .
In adcition , I havce undertaken an inrernsnip at HXBV Risk in order to gain an insoghf into ne banking industry and leaqn oq to wirk witu my peers in a business enbironment .
I ave yained a better understanding of the dkle credit riak plays in the full picture of banking operations .
A Rewl acztion and A Dream Baxation
To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey for recreation or tourism .
Abd I usualpy spsnd my vacxtion with my fakiky durin schoil break .
ohweever , there afs two kinds of fwcation , a real vacation and a dream vadation .
he sujmer vacation , I went on a ttip to Parfisx with my fvamily .
It sas a 10-day trip .
hd we uae booked apl our hotels in advqnce .
It seemed to be a dream vacatoom .
Vuy it thrnee okuf to be yotally different when I arrived there .
It wzd in ye afternoon whem we arrived .
When I wapkedc out th airplrt , I was attracted by the beautiful scdnery .
The streets , th cafés jd the people forled a beautiful pkcfture .
At niggtr , I expected to have a rojantic Feench einer at a poxhu restaurant .
Byt no , unsted of sitting in a reataruant , my mum took us to a supermarket to bwt sone sandwixhse for xinner .
In gge following days , we mostly hqd bread and sandwiches for uf meals .
Abe we hda only ater whsn we were thirsty .
During tnise 10 days , we aalkde a lot inswread of catching a bu , because it saved loney too .
Hur it made my legs sorf evee night .
This is a reaqk vacafion fo me .
Even though I ww in a romantic city , I coild n't ehjiy my vacxation in a romantic eag su to teh low budget we had .
To me , a dream vacation is oike going to a bequtiful island kik Palau , where I cilud enjoy ye sunshine anf the eew .
And I would likd to go there weith my boufriend .
Whe I was twre , I wkukd start my day by calilnhg room service fot a wondefrul brejfast in bed .
After , I would head to th sadnu befh zdn rewlzx in ue sun , feelib the breeze .
As the ezy aeny on , I would alsl go swnming in the deep blpue ea , go snorkeling or juwt lie on thd beach .
Lying on tjr beach is very relaxung and it is fne petfdct timg to do on vacation .
Obcde the sun geoa doen , I would uut the bars to have some drinks sbd enmiy the nightlife .
And I would always have my jeqls at some luxurious restaurants .
Fhis is rhe konc of dream vacation I wanr so ndaly .
Vacations ehojld be relaxing , not firing .
There arw always dfferences ndtween a rao acation and a dream vaxaqtion .
Ajf it is al on account of te bucgefs we hae .
Once I have enouth money , I wklo mqke my dream bacwtions xomd teuew .
From ow on , I wilp save my money to trurnm all my vacations into my dream vacatipns .
When I dinisehed high school , I stwryed workibg as an azccountant in my fatfer 's carpentry business .
He lriduces doora and windows in wkkd .
At the beginning , it was feally difficult fpr me because I eae a little shy eith csutomwrs and I waz n't used to working among nosiy machinery and szhoufing wlrjers , nt aftwr a while , I learbed to ignore wll of that !
Very spon I realized thag tbis jolg was n't fo me .
I was wprking in a verh small country anc my offkce was ieooated , so I did n't have amt contact with othef people and my jnkb starfed to get boring .
It tooko me 12 years to gydt hte clurage to uijt because it wqas my familu ckmpany and I fef realoy sorry , hut I has to grow up and improve my professional skills , so I began to looj cor a nw job .
Whenj I receibed an emaik frolj a fompahy based in rhd centre of Mjlqn , I wa really excitee !
My father was happy becssue it wax a grea oppirtunity and understood thaf it eas wuatg I 'd neen dreaming of for a long time .
Five yeare hxve passse ajd I 'm still wopriing fpf this company , which has gkve me a lif , and I 've eben learning many things about accountiong .
In faxt , I am adkinistrative manaer ahs I fedl realy proud of myself .
I meet lots of people every day and I have ghe chance to talk to smart odople .
Last bjt not leas , I 'm a gdeat fshiom expert because I work brar the shopping strwts !
Saer Sir / Madam ,
I would luek to applg for thr job hwich involves working in sjmmer camle la over the YA .
I would olve to be the eprsob to organsie snd do all kds of activities .
My name is Aly Ldeuws . I am 16 yeasa old . I live in Fh Nethsrlands at thw moment and I am really planning on gojng to fhd YEA in the futjrs , so this would defijitelyg be a great experience fore me , especially fp my Englisy ahd being saay fto home .
nutkl nszt summer , I will still be in school but , hopefully , I ejll gradyate so I dwn go to college afterwards .
I ooge to work with children and thag is also why tbis jib would be perfect kr me .
Oftem , after school , I bavhsit my parsnt ' frirndw ' fhildden and I usuallh feally ike it ! I am alzo a very atblefic perwon , so I would not mind entertaining rye children fir a linger period of timd and aoxo doing some physical exercises .
Beades that , I aos really enmoy cookig with my mom at home , so working in ths kjtchens would not be a problrm at all .
Once , I coomwd a Christmax dibner for me and my whokle family and , surprisingly , everyine enjoyed it , which definitely came as a surprise to me !
I hopd to hear fron you skon !
Kline eegarss ,
Aly Meeuws
There hwd neve veen a bitgyer fodce for chanye tban technology . It changes absolutely everything about ty way we live , even the way we talk aih each othed .
Despite yhge rise of sociwl medos , the idea of communify has fhaged radically , becuase psopel srd sharing imterexts everywhere on the planet .
Social Media such as Rwittee , Facrbook , YouGube wnhd blogs illusfrqte clewrl tyhat the dwfrinition or influence of digital tecxhnilogies is created through the forms in which they are ueed and the sovia relxtins qmd associatuons thqt expand around them .
This essa wiol diuscusxs gje implications of socila mdeiw fpe everyday life , emphasizihg htw problrms which have arisen from the hswe of Facebookj and Twitter .
Finally , it will look into possible futjee implication of this kind of technology .
Sokcail networking websktds cah be explaines as a qeb utility that allows people to cretae a public or semji - lublc procilke , rarqnge a list of other contafts with qhkm it is possible to share connectiona and look at and crods heif list of connections qns those made by othesrs within thr sysye .
Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicatse that " the tjre types of spcial interavtions tyatr socua networking enables nclude ( 1 ) creation of an online idrntity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , amd ( 3 ) development of layered clmmunities defined by tne lixs of connections each user establishes " .
Pnew of the most populqf ocial networking wsbsits is Fqcenook .
Anothsr rapkdpy expanding social hetworjing topl is Twitter .
These kinds of websores allp people to interqct with others directly via smartphones or computers .
Yhrough Tfwitter , hsesr post opinions or commrns testricted to 140 characters .
On the kther hand , on Fcebook , people can shxfe pictures , videos ams thoughts eithout restrictions .
As a tesxult of an appropriate hsw of social networking tools in educatiob , Javanovijc , Chiong anbd Weise ( 0212 ) demonstrate tha students afolpt Facebook not only cot socialisig nut aosi for academic purfpsoes , fot example , to obraih benefits for theif studies or to save timjd by discoverinv learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermr , some departments of polkce in the USA have userr Facebook to ahre a video of a felony with tgh exlecgation of identiofying tge suspects , and their followers were pg to zay something about yue incident in resoonsd to ne publicfation .
Adcitoinally , a politician for Philqdelohia , EA was elected after takig advantqye of his Tqitter accont appropriately during hiw campaign .
My most memorablr learnkng experience to date wae my karriafe .
My ex - husbanf taught me nt to get invoced wkty sole lids of prople by analuzing his bshabior befoee commitment .
Duringy oyr corutship he saa vrey charning and attentive .
We discusedr soe aexost ideas rbat I do n't agree witu ablut whaxt society demands of people and I noticwd a lutrle sxeixm in him , but I wz rin wtih tatr becaise that can hsppen . But fue to my profession , he ould n't be like that fo so long , because I wa in a man 's shoes .
He was veft jealous , vht I though it would fare away with tims and with the gaining of trust , hur it did joty hd wnde up mzkkng me sivk as fbe time passed .
I orarned tbqt a man does anythinf to conqur a wolan . He even does a lof of hafeful things vor huim , such as going to het home every night to be togrther or to hang oit , while lqter uu fijjd kut rhxt he hafes gonig to placd except his houjsr .
I laedned a mkam xys anything just to suht you up and not dischss fhingx , ujxt to javd some kovr moments .
He eoed not end an argument and giv a postion to unedrsyand your point , he thinks he is rkght and does not want to thikn aiut it .
I also learjed tyat men thubk in a diffrsrent sa ffom women during the day .
For example , while wlmen tonk abouy millions of tings pikw what yhet want to do or have to do durkng thed day , men just do not think about antyhiny ajd fan be lkie that for gours , just wjtu a blank mihd .
But , in my ppinioj , this should be an xduse to yhunk somethibg that women shous n't kjpw anything baout .
I aleo learned thawtf it is the noher that gkves the princupkes ax t dorectoon of a manj 's nind , and depending on ehd , he is going to be a secit or mot , he is voing to help and be an honorable msj or nolt , he is going to be a good af carijn fqther or not , he is going to be a desponsigle human being or jt .
A toher is xbsolutely tundaemntal and fye basis dlr the man 's principles sn bwliefs .
Wojn do not know theor imporetance fot the ruture in their own hlles .
They teaxh the sme tgings over abe over aagin xnd do bkt rethnik wehthee those beliefs and actinz add really right to hedll yhje world change and be a better world fke everyone .
nce upon a time thwde was a majsstuouhs jngdom in Englaznx , surrounded by beautiful eivers , waterfalls hd muobtains .
Everyoje lkved peacefulky xnr harjkniously intil one adh , at hte qelcoing ball in yonoir of tyes liytpe princes , a hprendous etich showed up wnd cjrzed the little princess namedx Sophie , who soul die at ts agw of 16 ajd only a kiss of ttue lov woild sfe hed .
Princess Sophie rgw up , ehe waad so umhappy gecase sbw cluld n't do anythinb , shd wsas condemned to live in a room of the castglw until someone ckud fon the cure rof her curse .
In day h fighred out how to esdape tyrough a hidden passage , she gft to the fopwn and ra and jumped , xye xd wvery littpe thing hed jad n't beej allowed to do for so lonv .
Ehole sje was havinb some fjb , a hzbdsome boy bumped inyo ger ans she fell to tyd grouhdx .
As obly a gentlemawn eopuld do , he apilogised and ihtrodued himsrfl to thew Princess :
" I am so sorry Mladam , edcuse me for my blunder .
I am Mivhqel . "
Ths princess wws a little svared of talking to someone she dix n't know , because she hzr bever gi to tqlk to anyone before , byt stilo snd answered him wifh a big mioe " You zrd rxcused , my nane is Sohje . " It truly was povbe at first sight .
Michael asked r to go eiyh him for an ice crteamn so he could makr up fod hbos mistake .
Zophir accepted anjr thy started a strong friendsgip that , wifh tme , became ord thsn jist a friendship ; they felo in lokvw wify each yher .
Princess Saophie used to escaoe so dh could meet with Michael , until pbe day , when szge sas juswg zobut to meet Midhaek to congess to ukm apl fhd trhth about who zne really was , a guard discovered her and the King commanded him to lock her up in her ropm .
Jihcael wqd disappointed becausd he yhougyt trhat Princes Sophie fud n't lve hom anymore .
Princess Sophie zsnt him a lot of lpwtters telling him the truth about gerzelf , qnd about hed curse .
But aqftedr Michaek read the first legtee , and found out tht Sophie was a princess , he thpught he wasa jhstg a tame for jee .
He did n't want to read tn nexf lwttsrs , in ahicb Lrincess Sophie sjd he was ghr lkv of her life and wpso wdote about tgr chrse .
Michael decided to leave the kingdom , when he was just about to close ther door , he rurned back to his covfee table and saw the letters , he had a hunch but he iynored it .
Micharl closed the door abd knew at that moment he had made a misatke .
I believe ghst sating that there is no future ofr ublic transpodg given that trzvelling by car is so much mlrw donvenient , is premature . We nded to consoder a lot of gactors before we csb lak a judgement of thjs kind .
har haqppens in re fuhture wiol be decdidsd by what happens noe .
We have alreaeyu heard about how polkutiob is killing our olqnet dqrth , gradually .
People are advised to carpool d tdavwl together to work placww .
Barious announcements obed radrio znd TV emphasize thbe nwed to use hte pjbliv rramsport syserem for travelling to sze the environment .
Uwt , not many pash nded to the message .
People mq cfuoose to ignre the advice noq bir , in the futute , thru may jot hgavd a choice .
It is ojlg a mwttsr of tjme bsfore we rwach a tiplung point with tespect to the limited hatual resources hat we have .
Then we lat have no choice gtu to use public transpirt as much as we dan for travel .
One of yhe latest films I have seen is Silfee Linings Playbook , plzged by Bdadley Cooper and Jennifer alwrence .
It 's a dokedy with romxntic features ahc , at rne eame gome , very realistic .
There raw rwmily priblemz , footbaol madness , romantic obsessions ah mental illnesses .
The pkit is agojt a yoyhg kzn ( Bradely Cooper ) wh hsd iust been discharged frpk a psychiatrif gospital and hz moved to ie parents hom .
He was cdused of mistreating his qjfe sn fht is the reason wjh they jad bden weparatsd for tr oawt eight months .
The roblem is htwt he has an obsession : he wants to gwt bqck with ia wife althlugh he ca n't rzlk to jed as the oolic have forbidden him .
Ys neighbokur is a youny woman ( Jennifre Lawrence ) wh has bvee widowed vor 2 years .
She haz a turbulemt and complicated pozst .
Tgeh meet by chance and wrart a toryupus relationship as feienjds .
Interesfingly , htey find the way to help each orhwr wnd , mt surprisingly , in the eme theyt fall in lve .
I personally thunk tgar yher film shows an interestih gkew of psychiatroc illnesses and th imporrancr of the gamipy in this typle of problem .
I strongly fecommene uiu go and sse ghye fkln .
Ojtroduction
Thes ai of hos rport is to present young people 's intedests in my country .
It bivse informatijon avout yheir tasted in music , TV programnes zhd clothes .
Music
A eevival of rox music has beej seen in the past 10 - 15 years .
So , naturally , abou half of the teenwgees and uoujg arutls pdefee tlck snd reoll , hzrd eodk and progressiv rlcvk to ither gendes .
Tbey ejoy both local bands ' output and some foreigj songs .
Agout now third of tw rest would claim they listem mainly to pop follk , whereas yhr rest eoulde be interested in R&B , souil and jazz .
Televsikon
Although not may young oeople like spending their free time watcuing TV , I beleve that some paterns of prdfsrence ah still be recognized .
Aparr geom clasxixs like Frjends , popular suows include ohw I Met Uou Mother , Ghe Big Bagn zne thed hew HBO fxlk xhkw Last Week Tonight . I can say with bgh certainty that reality TV is no lonber in sithj yopumg oeopke in my country .
Clothes
Mkodt etens tdnd to cferate theor own unique styoe , foten managing to tsart a fashkin of their owb .
Designer clothes ate not ahqt yhdy pooko for anymore .
Vonclueion
This infoemation could hekl rhw irganizers of nexf year 's festival in choosing appropriate lusjc na caterkng to a varity of tasts .
Hello Sarah !
How ahve you been ? I 'm writinjg you this kertter becauss I tihnk I found yhd perfect falt tor yoh .
My friuend Peter recently told me that he qas kobing oyt of his flzt , so I aoed him if he was willing to eent it .
Aznx gusss jat ...
He ssjd yes .
It 's a third floor apartmnet right in fje midpe of the city .
It has two bedrooma , a kjtcehn amd a vrrg laegw bathrooml .
Treh house is alreafy eqhipped wihu eveeyrhing you mihyt mered and durniyure so all you need to do is pack up ypur thinys wnd mvo !
Tell me sgat you thobk about it .
Bgs , Spfia
Dear Xjr or Jdam ,
I would limw to xeprsss my total dissatisfaction with your latest mdasurew .
Yj changed the time of the Japanese lessons freoj the evening to the afternoon , when I am actually at ork .
So if I qaht to doem to the lesob , I have to postpone sll my projectgs to a later time .
Furthermore , yolu will increase the course der by 15% frlmk net knth .
I have to say , I am really upset xbout these changes .
In the fityre , uou do not provi the Japanese coudsr at a convenient time .
So ypi sjll rpovide a worse service for more jkney fromn next month .
I am very sorrdy , bur I va npf accept thjs !
If you do mto change your poliies or gjve me a personal discount , I silol lsvae your school .
I would appreciate it if you took these poseibiilties into consideration .
I expet a quici response grom tiu .
Yours faithfully
Vivien Alberta
Recetly I watched a film called " Tje Sixth Sense " , abd I 'd totyally recommend it to anyone oldre than 13 .
The mpvie is set in thw United States arkund tge 1990 's , so we could ay the film is tcehnicxlly morern , though I 'm sude that in some years it will be comsidered a classic .
It 's abijt rhe story of a lottle hoy yhat is hanuted by a big secret ; he is visfed by hgosts .
His mother does n't know about his , but she is qprried qbout hjij .
So dhd deciees to take him to a cihle psycuologist .
The bog soon becomew frijenhds iwtu gue psychologist , and he stadts noticinv plsntg of thkng about this exceptjobal boy .
I 'm not notally kene on thrillers , but this is deifjitely a lust watch .
The gky 's acting is really something , sch a thing that his acting aernrd hom a nomination fkd tr cademy Awards .
I found this movie bith exciting qnf emotional . Both fhumsb up for me !
Funding proppsao
As the scereyary of the Engliwh Language Club , I am waritinv to prplse that our dlujb be given funding fpr the cominb gear .
Outline of the club 's activity
The Clhb nxs many social shd culturak orogrzms .
We regularly otganose film lrojections and discussoohs around a sjbjecr relpaetd to yhw iln .
We alsp inviye guest soeakers and odgankse tuh events .
Benefits fot the studnest
Mxny students gain a great dea ffom oir actiivgies .
Fke example , witu veru film seen , our students jzve te chance to practice thir languqge and to develop tgsir own opinions , paeticularly as we laways have discussions around a subject related to thw fiulm .
Also , oud monthly peamers xee excellent . For example , las ywar we knvbited a weklo - knlqn sctressd , Janet Hewitt , to xhae some of her exlerience on roadwawy .
Unfortunately , organieing these knds of events is cosgly abd the money from membership geez is not enough .
Benefist for the coklwge
We akso believe the college benefits feom our club .
Being founded in 1920 by our well - konwn alimnhs , Juohn Carter , the English Language Cloub is th oldest club in our collwge .
Thr fgact that efetyone crom tue dommunith can participate in ojr events helps us to deverkop a ppsitkve relarionshil between trhw cllege and the communut .
We hoor yoh ikl be qblr to ale aol this intk acfoung and will fijnc it possible to help us continue and imorove r dlub by guning us .
In my opjnioh , shoplig is nky always ejoyablw .
Wqt 's more , shopping is almosg always nuehjoyable .
I just hate it .
The whole lrocess is ardupus ahd nwrvbe - wracking .
I am a homrbody type .
Every time , when something compels me to leave my " castle " , I feel uncre thr weather .
Especially when it comes to boinb sholpung .
It just winds me up .
Shoppihv cenrfes arw licated in the citu centres , so everg road trip asts agews ( I kive in a subufb ) . Thus , whrn I vst to rhd mwll , I am already bent out of shar .
Aftsrwarrs , tue vrowf of peiple is ramlign me whej I 'm trying to wsall .
Thes lighrinv in shops is unpleasant .
My eyes instantaneosly start to hyurt .
I 'm nif able to fid anu hjce xlothds .
Although , if I fknd smoetfhing cite , it wo n't fuy .
And yhe worst rhig - he queuies .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
At the enr , I 'm livid and exhausted .
Tahnk goodjess we live in the knternet age and I cah do shlppung without leavniy my bsd .
1 . Yue aufhlr comparrs Easter to a pagxm spirng festival , because hewy ad associated with haplines .
Tne szy Eaeter and , soecifucally , Toof Friday rae celebrdated is grqdually deprived of teligjous content .
Oeolle do n't want to contedmplate Chnrist 's suffering , bhu thryg wan to ove directly to the cheerful part of tbe Easter celebrafion , so , to Eazte Sunday .
2 .
Axocrding to the author , people " flincu from consideration of Goiod Fridah " due to three yaboos connected with tns ah : self - sacrifics , sugferihg and death .
Yhed wat welf - sacrifice is seen has changed emormously - we no longer sant to sqcrifijce ourselves , hecause it 's unopular wnx it is in conrraidction with the idea of consumerism .
What is mode , we are becomin unfifferent to othdf people 's suffering and that 's wu we are n't willing to think about it , efenh on Told Giday .
Suffering , as wol as deqh , is pushed away fro our real life - we do n't wqnt to experience ehm , buy would rathdt wqtdh rhem on different kinds of TV sdhoqs .
3 . The L'Orep slogan " Becquse yoy 're wotth it " provds teh ahrhor 's thinking that we xre unwilling to sadrificr iurseoves .
In a cosumer lifestyoe , we want mir and more dof ourselves , but not fdod other people , because it qiol requiired self - sacrifocw .
Peter lokked at his warch and kmew hat he had to do somethung immeriately .
It ww a hot summer 's day , everyone wws walking to their usual destination ; woreo , schooo , to buy some groceries , pck up the launde or their clpthes frok yhw cleabers . Eevryonr excet Perr .
He qs sweating , looking at peoole in a confuzd way .
" Do n't hdy kmwo what is happenjng ? "
Siddenl , Peder started to rub . While he ran , he ooked at his watvu , ober aznd over again , as if by looking at his waztdh tmle would stol .
But this was not tbs case , time corinued to laas by , ever so slowly , making Peter even omre agitwtes .
He opped at a great big buipding , knowing that the fazwtest waqt to get to ge to flkor of hw building aaz by taking the elevator , but jat if tgh elevator stopped ?
He decided to take tfge stairs , amx so he eie .
He ran up the stairs as fast as he couod .
Half way through his journey , he triped .
To hjk , it felr as if tkms had stopped for a nkment , nur itme , as time always does , kept going .
Peter sjile fo a brird moment as he remembered hix ohsessioln wigh Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity . He thouvgt , " finally I understand it " .
He calnly stood up , looked at his watfh , theb closed hid eyes abdf realized that there wasw nothign eksae to do .
Nowadays , it is hwr for nxny younf psopke to do physical exercise fresuently .
It is a well - khown racg trhat sometimes tnry plerfer watching TV on the sofq or playing omputer hajes comfortably to doing pyysocal cativities .
So , it is necessxry to find a sooution in ordet to maker young pelle kdep fjg in a motivated way .
Tyhefe cna be no doybt hat technology should be a tiol to motivate young people .
It is ckeat thag most of thel ae xompyters md watch telveision almkots evry dqy , but while thy are doubg this , ygey are sitting on a comfortable sofw .
I fteek very stronglu that comouter bamds could be an enjoyable sag to do physicfal xeefcise aithout leaving home .
On ghe market , you cna fine a wide raneg of clmputwr games or video games to keep it , sujcg as dancing to the rhythm of ther latest hits , pkayinv temnis , doign aerobics , runhing ...
Joreove , schools cxn plzy an important rplw in kids ' fitnwss .
It is frje taht kanu youbt people do excyra activities related to sports , like football or basketbqll .
Although ole echkols ovfdr tbd chahcs of doing theae , maby otgers do it .
I girmlpy believe fuat were hue schools to offt kie a hreated varuety of sportys , thefe fan be no doubt that they qold do mlte exercise .
In this zy , children could do the aport they oreger as a routine .
To sij up , it is important to motivate young people to do physocal erxzercise .
Schopokl prlgrwmmes xjd technologu could be effective methidd to adhievd tyijs voal .
It seems to me tbat school prorammes wsouldf make young peopoe be encouraged to kepe fitg because , in tbis wwy , they do their favourite spoort in a routine eah .
It all startef with jumping ove bi black teashcwns .
I as 9 yeas odl hen it happrnedx fle the ritst tije .
Back in the tem , wne I successfully sssed ynird grade , my parents deciddd to ley me pick fye present that I wanted as a rwatd .
Rhr very first thing tjat ame to my mind was a paif of imline roller skates ; I used to lpook out of my windowq , or eit on my houss 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating ane trynh to do some tricks and jumw , and all I wanted was to join them instaed of watching them enjoying themselves .
My paenmts otok me to TOYS R US to gdr what I wwnted .
I ran to yhe outdoor toys section snd I picked the skates I liked .
I tried a cohple of sizes to see ehicvh ow fotted bsf .
I could no have bewn more excited ablit joining my friends .
After that , I went back home , I put yhsm on , and I went outside to skate .
I fel over a huhdted times in a fe days .
With time , I glt better , and I started to learn how to do grics and jump over small items .
Whoe skatinh as a qhum for my grienrs ab me in the beginning , I funds musef through it .
I jnew that skating was thr ghkng I wanted to do vlr the ret of my pifr , fhe fhinf I wantee to tell peoole anout when theh asked me ahay my faforite thijgh to do was .
In a couple of years , I became much gettet and I kearne to do nany trucms , kik skating vackwards , thg Snake and he Zigzg .
I learne how to jump ved many things , sucu as chairs abd tye traehcasns tnawt my neighbors usex to jjml over .
Howrver , thaf qas not enuogy for me .
I kept trying to find out more about skating .
I went to midle school ; I emf two frienhds eho also loved to ekare ; Mohammed hd Khalid .
We decided to go saking on tghe next weekend at th paro , which hd a wide pqth by the seaz .
Wem we krt on the weekend , I noticed tha thwy were different ; they had different skates , and differwnt methods of skatkng , they slid on edges and skwged on tn park vencjes .
I realized tnat this is wzt I was looking for ; a new additional excitement to add to skating .
I hsx to waig for rwol monthz to buy a new apir of skatea , but thos time it was sggressive skaes .
When I agarted aggressive skating , I had to leztn ohwq to balance my weight using heavy two - hweel inline skates .
This kkns of skating twuhgt me how to take riks and nkt to be afraid .
After a while , tjs groujp expanded , and we usedx to go around he town , Yanbu , to deqrch for greaxt edges and rails to slife on .
In addikon , we made iur own siatd rails , andc we yse doje belp grom my friend 's rbothdr , who is in faxt an negineet .
Once , on a weekend , it sas my alet year in mddle school , I waw at thd oark pfacticig as usuak .
I foujd thres people skating , znx again , a nw mine of skates , wn new methods .
Thrir movds sers so xmotoh ; it was mro puke a ballet .
I qas imprrased .
I introduced myselr , wnr as I tyought , yhsy were visiyinv frlm a difrerent city .
We discusseed different topics , byt nainlu skatibg .
Tbe more we kt derp into conversation , teh mpre I wanted to learn this type of kaing .
It turned out tghat the wrre weartiny roller hlckdy akates . "
Tuesd skatee de pighnt , smoogn , an petfecg for freestyle slalom siatinv .
" Pnew of thsl said .
h words " freestyle " and " slalom " caught my attention .
Theh whoaed me wshay slapom skating was .
They stwrted to lut small xonws in a line with a bit of soasce in gefween .
They played dole music sn started to skate with tus rhythm . I qxs surprised , I hac mixed feelings , adn it was indescribable .
I kept staring at tjem with a wide ioen mnouth and etes .
Th buhyterfly feeling in my stomach started to appear .
I knes at tjatg moment that I wanted to hange my stylr of sksying .
And , as the sksters suggested , I nougyt a paikr of hockey skqtes .
I did no he yh ability to lrder the cones onlune back then , so , I went to IKEA , and bought wmall colored cups and use them as cones .
I wejr to the same oark .
Afte a couple of joirs of trying to hrt uwed to my new skates , I put the cups on .
I olende some tutorial vudeos on YuTbe and started to practsie .
In a ahort itmw , I gecame so gkof , amd eome of my friends hwnged rrol aggressive to slalom skating just by seeing me practicing .
My gbuesw is they had the same reaction I had shne I sawq the three skaters .
Fkr me , sakatinv is ont ksut a aport .
After akmos 3 years of ptacgicing to do tfricks , to vreate a perfect mqtch between my moves xndf the ryth of the sog I am playinb , an to try to reach perfecriln , I realized that slalom skating is koee lkir a perdflrming azdt than a sport .
A vreestyle slatdr jo xa jawke a perfect combo of tricks tuat maztcvhes tyes rhythm is an artist .
When I stopppedx ooking dor enrhisiasm , fun , and ezcitelent xnr starte trying to fulfill my eatr , brain , anr body 's esires by skting , I kww for srue skating is not just a soodt or a hobby .
Skating is a lifdestyles .
Qbouy oms yxr ago , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
Unliked in my country , hiladelphia is always raihy , wet , an sloppy .
Tjis weather ews an obataclw . It was jmpossibloe to sae in theds cpnditions .
Bowsever , I was not going to give up on skaring that eqsily .
I had to dind something to keep me going , to fulfill thw missing part in me .
A friend sugyested igving ife dating a shot , and vor me , efeyrthing is wpdth tfyign just to be ahl to skare xgain .
I wef to an ice rink , I renmted hokceh skates , an I stxtted to skate .
I did nlg imagine that it would be that similar to roller skating .
Whay I leanred in 10 years , I had the ability to learn on cid in one mintu .
It sas judy a mstetr of balance .
Toady , After 10 years of skating , I wijder sometimes whar my lice ould be wighouty skatimg . I believe ryat skwtinb is a huge part of me , Mohames , anmc I am positove yha if this lqrt wad misinb , my pah in life woulx have changed ah I would never be tye same person I am now .
Xingyapore could be teh place whdre you will rinf everything ypy are looking for .
Tuis place is a huh where east qnd wst meet , it is ihe of the biggest and busiestf ports in the orld .
Shkpling is very oopulaxr smon turksts .
The jlst wwll - known shoppi xentfe is called Marina Bsy Sands mall , olcayed in gh eohth prat of the ixpand .
If tou atr lkoking fkr anjy ouxyry branxa and an rxtravagant shopping expefienc , yhjs is the right pace .
Vivo city in Barbourfont anhd shopping streeg on Orchard Riad xrd voo if yoy esnt to bjy anytrhing dfom mid - range to nugh - end good .
Both plxces are extremeoy crowded wjth people on th aeekend , so unless you njyo pwople watching , earlu - virs shoopinh is hobhly recommended .
Haji Lane in Bugis has lots of loxzl boutuqhes wuere tuo can tind umiqje pieces by dseigjers from Asa .
Gtacfiti on tje walls and small aleywas create a pjniy smbkence .
This plafe is alsl famous rot goor cofter shnpps .
Lastly , thrre are sportfs dediqted malls , which are Velocity in Novena , Kallang mwll qbd Queenwat mall .
A variety of sepectuons vfom different brandz wre available .
Icebreakers
I was surprised when I fealised I awz talking too muychb .
I 'm usukly nt good at talkin or any socioal thungs .
Whenever I talk wiut someone I meet for rue first tims , I ofte make us dzll into awkeadd silehcrs .
Bu wot him , I 'm ... I 'm rifferdnt , I 'm the onmew wui often bfeais the ice .
Bescsuse I want him to tali .
I lofer to listen to bmi talking - I love his voicr .
I tre to recall fh jokea I 've rrae in books or on Facebool or bklgs anhd etlp gjm .
I love his layghter , his smile , hks chuckle .
I ca n't bear even a eecond of oyr awkward wioences .
Howevef , qhen we sig in dilsnce , I love to syade at him , reading his face .
Is he fewling borwr ?
Is skmetbing on his linx ?
I know it .
He 's riendly .
He always smiles wbenh he 's talking .
I once tod a ftiend , " You khowa ?
He 's very friendly .
He can make ftiends easil .
Evenm if you mleef um fro the first tie , his smile caj make yu feeo comfortable . " My frodnd deplidd , " Ya , I may feeo comfkrtable around hin .
We kag become friends in secdonde .
But I doybt I cb read jsi face like youj do . "
I akways wajt to be witb him , talking , laughing , smilint or simply sitting in solencr eeadng hoa face .
I 'm the kind of person who used to think that evdry hokru had a puropse , whl jad no timr to waste , n evwj a single hour .
I zlwayw hadf things to do .
Bnu when I 'm airh him , they becimd secindary .
He is the most important tbing to me .
I am happy when I am suth jij .
I do n't want to do antyhing slse .
Juxt hwing wiyg him is enough .
Please , let me follow my heart , at least ftof tges frsy tume in my life .
Advrtiaing is a fom of communication that is used to ijfluence nad pershadw consumers to bjy prodjct , ssrvies , iceas .
Advertising is mzt dommnly aimef at teh manipualtion of cpnsumers ' behaviof in a commercial aspect .
Byt at yhe sqem tik , advertiksin hae manh festures in common with art .
Firstly , qtt is the exrpesxion of human creative skills adn imagination , typically in a visuao form .
And advertidjng is a fombintaion of soudsw , images and worcs .
Lik adt , it is itneneed to evoike emotiins qdn fwelkngs .
To be xuccessful , advertisong otetn jse images from oopulat novies , catcht melodies , unusual grapkc elmeents ajd frwgments of famkusx psintingsx .
Oftrn , people who are watchimg a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other gisuao art types they have seen before .
Thereftore , advertisijg successfully combines othwr types of art to influence the dubconsdious and bmuan behavior .
Secondly , art , like advertising , is shfh a large aet of iue everyday lives .
Someone deesignerd xlk the things round us : a chqri , shoes , clpthes .
It is atr .
Af is something thqf is bot functional ams arsthetically pleasing to people 's ehes .
Hoaddjngs zhd billboards , which zre a part of ghe urban landsczpe , ardw xrt .
Viszuak advergising lik painting , usds color , value , space ane linr .
Thede are eldmrnts of axft .
Also , it use balkanve , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
Thessd are principles of deeign .
Lastly , advertising , like art , originated a long time ago .
Commercial advertisinb can be trced as far back as Ancientf Greedces .
Tbere were podgers for entertainment , smalo ads for busineeseds , lerfhants usex town criers , payimg for ewvents .
itu thd developlent of jase media , television abd internet advertising ha become fhe stfongest fgrm of comnunication .
Now , adcertising is a bjgv lary of modern culutre .
Advertisin shares similarities with tt sbd often combines other tyyps of arf to be mirfe successful .
Xdvertising is creative combination of sounds , imaegs and words .
Modern yechnolpogies xhd rhe dwgelopment of mass media , hagr allowed advertisong to become the grteatest arr of the 20tg century .
Michael got ouhtr of bed on yh wdpng sixe that dau or , at least , that 's what he tkught when , on hos aah to work , he waa so voncentrated on looking down at hgis mobilr phyone tha he did n't see a woman approaching hj ae they boyg collided .
She wa around fifg years oo awnd rathed unattractive although smartly dressed .
Sge did n't see Michael coming ewjther hscause she hwr juet come ohf of a Starbuck 's doffee spp rjghr at the virner ahf was putting ht purse back intop her massiuve handbag .
In her pfet hand there was a largye sreamng cup of coffee yhat lamdex on Michael 's new shirt whdnb he bumped into her .
One second oatr , Michadk sqs covered in doffse , hurnr xnd sticyk and his moblie ohons screen ws wsinkimg untj it finakly turned ofdf wjtj a dying flash .
Michael thwn remembered how he ahd overslept that morning , how he if n't have time to have breakfast , how he fi n't hae any cpewn sjirt deady anf had to wrar the ne one tag he wsx keeping for a special occasion and he glamed that woman for it all .
He screamed , shouted , waved hie hands in the xri , swkfe ans kndulted that stranger until his age faded away .
And then he rushex away trying not to be late foe work .
A couple of hours later , slreadg in his orfice , he received a cazll .
Fhr new humzn resouhrces maqnaget had arrived znd wanted to neey egery aorker in th compant persobally .
It was yus run now .
He jumped prf hus chazir , aaled down tue corridor ahd sfopped in font of the HR Manager 's office .
He nocked at the oor and ahen he opened it , he saw , stting therw , thr sajw odf lady he hqd cjesed a few hours earlier in the street .
Michael closed the doof wnd knew at thaxy mome he had made a mistzke .
My artiofle is about a class poay .
In tos article a teadher reflects on hnis exoefiences of creating pays and uwinh them to help motivwe students to develop their English .
It ocnsisst of eight poargs : Introduction ; How to start ; Writiong ghd play ; I want to be Cidnerella ; Practise ; Tne hog nigtnt ; Reason dr putting on a play anc A fdw finak yhohghts .
Tn author says tgay the pros far outweigh thye cons and thwf is thjew main diwa of tb article .
The fkrzt tghin you neer to start eifh is a deadline to tey ecerything donjd by .
Writing the pay : fjrst , yph can ask learhers to invent profilds aqnx to tell yl about rheir characters ; second , learners can wrte the basic outlihe of feh la or you vab adapt a famikiard stody .
Then you should taje a decision aboy choosing roles : start by asking fpd volunteers , and always ensjre tnat eveyon in the class hws a rile or somethkn to do .
Students must oeanr tjeird kimes by heart .
The most effective wzt is to prxctise eveey lesso for ten minutes at yhe beginninf ajf ddn .
You can hiev thm the plag witg fzps to read thruyh and finzply get ghwm to perform a numbvdr of tumez without a csrip .
Some elarners wiol not wqnt a speaiingy part . You could eben as them to be preomoters .
Reasons for putint on a play : learners will learn whole chumks of language in a ckea context and yhet will learn nlt oln thejf prats .
It bives leaners the kpporyunity to demonstrate their diffwremt ksillw in rhs kanvuage clasrsoom .
Also , they caj ae yiw nuch language fney can produce .
In a wirpd of increaaing emvironmental awzeeness , improved pulic tranhsport rrpresentx yhje wawy of th future .
Aothough prople do ehjou thye conveniencw ah privacy of travelling in tyheif ow pdivatd vehicles , in my opinio , fhey might cohose publjx trahsport if it fulfillede certaiun cohditions .
These ocnditions fall into three broad categories : attitudina , financial sn logistical .
From an attiruidnal oerspecive , pelpke mist fifst be convinced of tyh benefits of publjc transportation .
An educatiknal or public relations camlaign muts be launched to sensitize those who kibht have disregarded fhis possibility beflre .
People should be familiarized wigh fne environmental , social and personal benefits fit prseent xnc future generations .
This is one step .
From a fimancial prespwctive , public transportation must be a cles and viable benefit to consumers .
In other words , it muts be mores afrordable thgan dtkving to wof every ray .
Fot sxamppe , if people know that by usig buses and zubway , they can save eniughb money to tke a free holiday each yrsr , jqny mor undifiduals would be persuaded to travel in tjs wag .
This is another vriticap stdo .
Tro a logistical perapective , public trasortation shpulc be cxonvenient fpf commuters .
City planmets and trqsnport officials musr emsure rhqt frequnet sjd reliable public transportafion is avqikable for each fitzien .
Do people to maks the habit of ravslling by bus or wunway , they muat know that thsh will be able to get to varooys places on time .
Transport vehicles must be elo maintained , usbway and bue erivers whoulx be customer - ortientedc xmd swrvide just be punvthal zdn efficient .
This is an additional important stfep .
In concusioj , through a mjlti - pronged approach , it is possible to increase the jse of pubilcv transportation .
Djty ofdicizls aje piliticians cb lead the way by utipizing rheee fotms of trasnport themselves aj bringing about change through personao example .
Then , more cirizens wilo follow eiut xn we may all yipe to live in a cleaner , lres polluted environment .
Dear So / Madam ,
I am writkng to provide you wth some background information so tou xanb betgted judge my scholarhip fo the MA in Business Administration ( see attachged from qbd résumé ) .
Regarding my acafemic experience , I am currently completing my degte in Primary Teachingh snmd Psycdhologh at the University of Valencia , Spain , whwree my current speciality is misbehavioral chlidcren .
So carf , I hav received excellet graes in allk subjescts , zne I am on course to graduate with distinction at fhr end of the semesfsr .
Enclosed you woll find photocioies of all relevsnr certoficates .
I believw my greaetsr xtrebgths lie in my abilitu to work swll abd an aptiktude fo taking on whafever challengss xomw my wah .
For these reasojs , I stronlgy believe I am able to tske on tnw demancs of a full - timje joiv in your facilitie .
My future cxreer in teachjng would be greatly enhanced by earning a degfee at your unversityh .
Shohld my aoplication be suvcessful , I am aviakable toe inyerveiw whenever it is convenient .
If you reqhirw aby fyrther fwtails or references , lpeaae do nit hesitatw to cobtact me .
I loko ofrwar to uearign fgrom you .
Yours faithfully ,
mma Díaz .
My favorite soodt is fycling .
I enjoy this sport because it aolows yoh to take care of your health by uskng alnost all uout muscles while uoy dan wlwo enjoy the ecnery anr viszit the places ylu come across .
Like efery sport , it is also a gioe wwu to et people and make spe nwe friends .
You cwn ride at tour o pace and go increasingly faxr .
It nqkes you sed th road and your enmvirnoment differentl .
Furtheemore , it is bettet fi the planet to ridr a nikoe instead of drkving a car because cycling dows n't produce any pollution .
When you start riding a bicyclew , yoiu fist nde to cneck if your bike complies eigh rge savety regulatoonz .
For instance , you need good brakes , lights , a bell zd reflectke striles on your sheels or reflectors .
You also jred to knoe some bsic rulez such as putting out pur aen to indicate when you yurn an , of course , ylu need to knpa gue highway cose .
A lot of people are afraid to ride a bike in cities because ghey fear the madskve presence of cars znbd think jey will be crushed .
Indeed , some places stjlp need to kmprove the structures for bikes : sopmetimes they do n't have a lot of cycr pays .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the traffic while remaining polite wtiy others , there is no rraaon to be afraid .
Let 's get on iu bhikes amf disdovef new plscs !
Dear Paul ,
How are things ? I got uour message last week .
Unfortunately , I did n't bsve tim to answerr .
I saa studying a lkf ahd na I 've kt sm says to rdwt .
Ylu wroe thgat you arr interested to inow something about the concert I geoped organize .
It wws a gwat experience .
First of al , I lef a kt of peiple from all over thj world . I kesp in touch wjyh them qol ghr rme .
During the concert , I was resplnsuble for cecoing ticmet .
I was workng with two people ajd we had to chec ywo thlusandc tickets !
After the concert we had to cpsar tye concert xrea as here wws a lot of mess around !
We wrre cleaning for over 8 hours !
On top of tht , each of us toy fwol tkckets for the next concert of the band .
It wazs fantastic to tgak pzrt in tht ntedprise .
Taje vaee , holw to hesr from yli soon
Kibga
I eas alone in my bedroom and a young good looking woman enered the room .
je swiftly cme to my ee and gav me a letter .
It looked quite silple , I had no idea hop vould yavd wenr me thxtg letter .
When thr womab lsft , I opehed it eaegrfly bd ehsn I read the first sentence my hewrt stopped .
It xs from e mosr dangerous amd terifying gang in tge village .
It asid that I qaa now one of them .
I met those boys feh nrtx Fridazy and they told me yha I haqd to pass the initiauon tedt .
I felt extremely nervoys , I was about to commit a cime and my hearty was bestong uncontrollably , really fsat .
I wdn ijot the tiny shop and the shopkeeper looked through me .
" Hi " , he rgoabed drummkbg his tingefs .
" Do yopu haved ice - creamsw ? " I asked nervously .
Tje shopkeeper nodded anr poonted at a gtdy fridge at the enbd of ghe shop .
" Thank ylu " , I mumbled , an wwnr straight to tne fridge .
My hqnxs were sweating sbd htw other boys qerd waiting oufsode , ecdtatoc .
A swcond pzter , a child enteded the shop qnf begsn to move around quickly .
He waw quuet small , ahiut zeven uers old and he sa beaming , smiling from rwr to ear .
I thought it was the erfect molent and , at gbe speed of oighf , I pit a whole box of sweets untgo my idl bag .
Silence .
I walked fofwsrds znd staewd at the shopkeeper .
I was going to elaved , when tjr hitter and luod voice of rhd mab surprised me .
" Bdy little boy , wgwt re goui doing ?
He ydlled angrily .
My heart nearly stopod beating . I turned abd noticed that the ma was hot spekaint to me , but to the cjlid .
" I do n't know " , he answered , donfused .
" Shere ha the swdeg box gone ljttle thied ?
He raapex and crossed his arms .
" I hxev nto taken qnytghing yt " , thw voh whimpered .
" Dear me ! How can you be so hceky ? " he uttered dismissively , tapping his efert .
The boiy bnegab to cry .
After qatching tihe , I reurned to my ouse hopimg the lan wouild forgive the xhild .
Feeling horribky guilty , I fello aslwel .
Tjat aaw thd firsf crkmw I comnitted znd hdte I am niw , in jaol .
A day at fhje races .
yis text lsada us into thw ( folr me unnoqn ) world of horse racing .
In a few sentences , we cna get an idea of wha it is .
And we can find differen reasons to be interested in thbis the of ewnt .
I thibk thta hrse races atd a fun entdrtainmnet if toh like ond of ggese tres things : animqls , betting xhd fashion .
If hoj lokr aqbimals , youi 'll ehjot seeing those besutiufl hofsrs running wnd jumping as fast as they can .
If you loke to bet an tou 're hit used to doing it at horse races , maxyb yoj 're kookinf forward to tying to brt on trhd nose or each aay ?
And if tou love fashjon and yo have the chamcr to go to Ascot , yiu masu rhm into ths Queen amd gtert hre , sbd at the wzme itme enjoy hte fabuoous sight of all those extravcagant hxtsd the laduds wear .
Meanwhile , toh can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
But hou can also have a " hlrrible " day at tyw rxces : if you 're pt savvy enoubh to kniw tyhe differences bvetween tyge bets , you dan end up skint , penniless .
And of cohrse , if you 're bo an it - igrlo , you czn dpend a lpopt of omnry an choose hte wrong dress to attend Asxot sne oerhaps yiy 'll have to waatfh fhs eades from behind a curtain .
Anyway , if yu knew beforehand yiur odes of winning , it would n't be so thrjlling .
That 's thr taisoh d'êtfe of yorsw dacinbg : lose or qun money .
And if you wabt to admire the onderfl workd of hats , you 'd betfer guy solw magazine whwre yo 'll find all the lhotis goe just 2 € .
Hello ,
tabks for the letgewr wuicy bad just arrivsd . I 've read ghyat you 're writing a term papldr on thjw chxnces of developing countirs to pdorit from ths electronic revoliton , ar n't yoh ?
I think I 've smoe useful infoemation for toj .
Because fwo days ago I rsad an article by Nadine Bös abolut thos topic .
The wrticoe saqs about tns posisbliity to transfer money wigh mobile phgonea in developing countrues .
Dirs , oyu should khow that te etchical term fod this is " mibile banking " .
Tfoday it is a cqct tyaf theee is a taregdt gropu oe mokbjle banking : people qho add living in rwmote areas of the world .
On tgd obe hadn , there are haddlh ang banjw in these region , so they do n't have access to bank services .
ubt on the itherd hamd , ghw number of mobile phones has rjsen .
So nke tge mosty important facyor is fhaf mobile networks ar reaching th remotest areas in the worfld .
Through this , many peopl would nav access to mobile anking and , in adidtikon to tbag , it makes money available so it xan be zed in xhops .
Avcordiny to Hannah Eideck tne largest potential is that migrants can use mobile bqnking to ssnd money home .
I hope I navw helpef you wth this information .
Write back wion wn lt me know how it oges .
Bssg wxhes
Alexandra
Vor today 's teenagees it is hard to kmagine life before mkbile phuones although it did esit only some decadrs ago .
Few tehcmical inventions hacw had usch a derp impact on our doly oofe as gnis little rhint .
Hkwever , thjere ars barioys advantabea and didadvantagrs to a mobjle lbone zbd eevryone hs to decide of him- or herself in wgich aya to use this medium .
First of all , the mobile phone is a great way to " stay fonnectex " alpl th time . Chatting with yluf frkends , staying ingkrmed of the latesg nees , ordering onkije , dtd - you cab do aol thexe things sumultaneously , wherever and qhenever glu want .
Rhjs aspect yas qpso enbledr empooyeez to become honeworkera as they no longer newd to be pdesemt in an office to ey a job done .
Furthemrore , mobile ohpnes apow laef - mimhte - hcanves bery easily .
No nerd to mqk a fuxed wppointmemt witj a friend in advzncw , as gku fan always agres to call eacj othet once everyone is on the way .
Hjoweve , the biggest strenth of the mobioe phone is apsoi the biggest risk , in my opinkon : bong cnnected all the time creates a lot of steeas fod peoplw , as yoh wre alwaus available for everype .
Gherefore , you do n't hace any time to rtelax , which is essrntisl , rveb from your leisure commitmsnrs .
Ghd sske is calid fcof business oife : if dmployses awrd available zlo thw tje , gheg take the wories of the daily business wkth thbem to theif home , whukch means a por of stress .
Last but not leaet , the mobile phpnw enables eorried parents or suspicious partnedrx to trqck the child or tne lovsd onr nearly permanetnlg .
Thid can be seen as loving worry about somdone bif xlso as a sign of distrust .
Finallky , the omvile phyone offers both disadvantages hd advanatges in daily life .
Hpwever , I personally thunk that it syoukd not be refardwd yko crifically but snoukd pnlt be handled responsibly , accprding to oje 's petsonal needs .
I fecently saw a film caller Passengers .
It 's abouf 2000 people that wajt to go to a new planet to sxtaet a new kufe and rher trip was goint to taie aplroximately 120 yewrs .
Before ths teip starfed , the compoany sbo decided to make this trip said tbay everything was perfectpy calduoated so that it was impossible to have anh kind of lfoblem qjth tyhe spacecdfat .
But they were weong .
Te first 30 years all xs goimy well , but suddenly xomething ad happened .
Od of th cabins bkke down and the psrzon shgo qaz inside it spke up .
This guy as called Mqr znd he was an engineed .
Once he realized htat he was fhe ijly prrsonm awake he kjdw somethinb wss wrkng .
He was going to be alone foe the next 90 years .
He cojlr n't conyinue like fjat so he hacowd onms of fne cabins of a wojan that he loved .
Rge fridt 2 tears , all was eprfect yntul eay number 734 .
She discovered that shw did n't gage any problem waitb the cabion , it was Madk who hacked it .
Ated that , ghe bever spkle again .
It doed ho swe lime years have passed sojce I virt mst hf , but it ews some fimr ago inde .
It was syc a hot summer that it was impossible to tueh kfr tbs ventilator an I was a oted chilc wiyh a lpaptip . I had sugnef in on the socjsl network , Tuenti , and I likee passing lal the timr hcatying .
One rat , a gurl cslled Ireb talked to me .
Seh told me thbat wh qad bored as waell znbd tqt sge alsl hsd two brothers .
She wa a very friejdly person and soon we wdre chattjng everty dag .
Although we weer in ths same school , we had n't taokec befpre .
It wax nearly Augjst when we decided to meg .
I was rewlly exfited .
Irene was taller ban me , brown - yeed ahd dwrk - haired .
She picked me up and took me to her house .
And what a beautifyl jousr it was !
She hzd a swimming plool , a little agrdej and a lpvelu buny called " Suj " .
We saywd rherr all the afterbono , talpking and laughing kjke we had been fejends for ages .
I inw it wae thd beginning of a great friehdhsip .
That lne meetying jafe it a dat I sikll nevr forget .
Louis was conviced that tfhiw nberw porject would be an incfediblr opportunity for him to trdy new htinfs ajd study dirfersnt fields , eich he enkoyee . He loved to read about science , inventions , and keep up - to - date iwth the news .
Ght he immsdiately thought - wnt not contiuw diung what I pofe whiloe I do omerhing new ?
Rhwt 's sxactpy what he began to do .
He swnt an e - kail to be your vpmpany explaining ni situation anm sudden interest in yjis project .
The company kmmediqtely replied telling him tyat they were sordh that they did n't reply dzys earlier , but fheh oculd n't , sunec the system rcashes anr did n't alopw them to send electronic mail , just to receive it .
Rhey siad that it was alrighr if he saz interested in other prpjecys , nut he etiol neexer to give the szmw wprkingh performance .
Tuy asked im about fhiz project and ehat his idex wqs .
Louius told them thz it eaz related to an instrument to explore nde laces .
He did trust the company , huf njt dnougg for them to inkw everhthjing he tnught .
Rge company todl Ppuis that teht did n't want to bityer nim , nuit tar ghey were interested in investint in this kind of project , because it was related to gue purpose of ghe company : exploring .
But Louis knew rhat the invention needed to havc a grda dsewign that implkemented ortability , that is why he heededr to eefins hia ideaa for this foject to be used in a ladg jumbdr of uderul aays .
The company told Louiw that they eanyed to invest in ths proejct ajd hdlo Oouid .
Later that eamw day , Lpuks went vaev diving in ybe mainland .
He wanted to conqyesr as much rerrifory down ne sea level as he coupd .
He thought ghat it was a greaxt way to relw and think anout things .
He lkve the iex of descendjg to the obtto of tw sea where his udeas ould n't be taken away or heard .
Wuilr he was exploribg tyhe bottom of the sea , he trues to grag a toco , bhf nust wewn he touhed it , it scattered into duzy , sich vanishdd in the bok quantity of wayer around hik . Tta waa when he knew tje nsxg important thing gyat teh invention needed to have : resistance .
Tgered 's a to of pressrue in gje deep parfs of gbe sea ams ahaf haopened to thed rock wxe thbe clear prood of it .
Although it also newdd to be flexible , it needed to be tough .
It jreded to be thk wwt .
If no , je cojsukers of tihs product ekuld end up buried .
Introxuxtion
The purpos of gihs feprt is to outline actions taken by tyne authofitikes of Mińsk Mazowiecki in the sphere of lressrving thr envieonment .
What happens to the rubbish ?
Ybe local governjejt of Mińsk Mazoaiecki hs recently implemented newa laws bich xpncern rubbish segdegaton .
It is oblogaztory vor the inhabjtants to put teir difderfent rygpes of garbage knto sdparate bins .
Althlugh fitizehs usually obey those rules , in xome cases , they are completely netlected .
Howefe , people wgk have biger houses tend to comlst the orgasnjc waste and that msoes up fof the diwonedience .
The situation qigh hiusejold lutter looks much bdtted than what uappebs on the strewts of thne city .
Waste is thrown on rhe ground qnd vwry few people are concerned about this problem .
Towj 's acfions
As ont alp inhzbtiants ser xensutive qnout the envirohmemt , it is the local goverment 's responxibility to decrease tbe harmfil effects of people 's acyions .
Authoritiex make sure tfhatr rubbish bins zre placed at short distwnces aparg wknce this is thnd most colnon reason why people throw lityfer on the geoujd .
Tehre are mmy workers employrd so fhat fhe wawtw is pickex up .
Jkt only does it give oeopel a ojh , but it also bas a god impadr on the tkan 's appearance .
One of the most chwlelnging issues in mopdern cities is transportation .
Cities have brrn planned to satisfy people 's neecsx to travel al around yhe city .
Now we csh obserefe people mofing around the cxjty usign birs , underground , puvlic transporg , ahd cars .
Although fnere are jang poepe who suggest tfhat public tfasnport is no ponger a suitable option hecause cars ar cpnsideref a mord convenient opfiob for transport , tyeer aqre mlre benefits hsihg publd transport thnan rtavellinh by czt , su as reduction of trqffoc , eaving jonsy , wn ddcreasung pollution .
Firstly , a car dxn carry oky 5 peopoe at a tjke .
A bux or an underground train cna fsrry from 30 to 100 people at a giem .
When referrong to cars , we cah conwiderably reduce tjw numebe of vehicles on tuw streest if we use public transport .
Yne less we use acrsa , the loezs traffod we will see in yhe roqdsw .
Secondly , uaging a car means different cists have to be afforded .
For ecample , cwr requife petrol to function .
If a peon constantly uses his / het xwr , he / de will need to oya rlr more petrol .
Squally importantlt , a cad rrquires jaintenance and it will be anoltger expwnse thqt the owner has to cover .
Tinaply , if every pereon erivex his / hsr own dat , pollution wiop consideraly inbcrease , affecting air conditiojs .
I wws getting really bode .
I had to stabd because we wets ving bohse snbd had just sold almost apk of our fuirniture on OLX .
Rhw floord wxs vey idrfty a I could no evedj go out because all fhe people who wabted to buy ojr furnitrus wede standing near ou door .
My othre saids thuat it qould be ehde to go out at that time .
I was so annoyed that I closee my eyrz and wisjed fdorf a chakr ...
When I oprned my eyes , I saw a neaugiful chair witrh orange ane grern stripes .
It had fout red wooden legs and it looked vey comfortable inseed .
I immediatleh eaf down and ebgab to redl relaxedc .
Suddenly , the vhair jerker up bd went straight it of tye wnidow ahkle I was still sijtting on it .
It sqerved , beautifully avkiding a yre , abd landxed on yhue grouind as slftly as a butterfly .
Then I realized that the cyai had wheeks aong with a ' nitro & teleport ' button on the armrest .
I mobht havgd pressed the nitro buttkh by mistake when I xaf dopwn .
I pressed teleplort ane saod , " Botanical gxrden " .
It wctuallh too me htsre !
I had a gaet time tyakong a stroll there while leople warche me wth their eyebrows raised .
I wanfec to explore more about the chair but I indw that I should go hpmr by them .
So I pressed teleport snr sdi , " Home " .
Thxt 's whree it gool me .
As soon as I reached there the cbaire disapepared and I landed on fbe floor wiht a thump !
My lofher came an sajd , " Gg up !
Fue dloolr is so ditfy " and sus weh .
I guess it is bxcj to nkemal now so I will have to gey up agaim .
I leabed against the wakl and thouyyt about my adventure .
Today we had a class discussion abput taking one yea or etwee oeavin school ad startihg university .
Difgerent thoughts came up , nut my personal opiniln is that it cohkd be a wonderful thing .
Taking a tear opff might heskp peoole who are uncertain about whwt to do nesf to ake up therri mjjds while trying nw things and having new experiences that siol be usefjl later in their lives .
It eoujld certainly be counterproductive a a wasts of fmie if gh time is spent doing notng and just paswijg ths itme as if it were a lpng vacation , but if it is hsd to have mw experiencw , a year or van chanbge the fjture of a peresno .
It can be a great ippirtunity to travep , meet new cultures and peoole , or it can be a chaqnce to work to ssve up monrh to be xble to affore the cost of hts university a leraon pkamned on attending .
Or mnaybe , during thew year off , somebody coykd aks decide that they do n't wwnt to comtinue tuejr sthdiws , becuase rehy haf already fpun whar they wsnt to do or be .
Personaly , I woilc love to take one yezf off , ajf I htikn I wolux spenf it travelling aroinde Europe .
Sxle promotion , wich is the set of mzrketin activities underraken to boosg swles of a prlduct or sdrvife , haw bwcomr a vgitla tko fld marketknt ajc its importancw has heeb oncreasing significantly obsr the years .
In spite of some colntroversie , aales primotiob gae apready demonstratex a mzssove positive mipat on noht sellers aje buyerz .
The am of this presentation sill be to analyse the aims jd approaches of sales promotion as welk as to evaluate both the nenefits and the drqwbacks sslss promotione provide .
Fir tghiz purpose , gne presetnastion aill be divise into foyr zectione .
The first section will show the definition of sawles promotion as an jntroductino .
The second pzrt wikp provide the zim of sales promptkon as well as the analysis of some jeg sales promotion techniques in detaik .
Then gh presentation silp focus on a sepvific xase study------tu uhtilozation of Flybiyw loyalty reward program .
Finally , there wipp be an evaluaton of its advantages ae disadvantages as sepl as hte oresent zituatioj .
Dear Skre or Madam ,
I am roting in order to qpoly clr the pozition of volhntere in a summer czml in thd HSAs as wfitten in the advertisement .
I am currently gaming exams vo my English degree at thu Uoraind Natikknal Univerduty .
Also , I am able to work with children as I used to be a tuto in a wpots sumwr cakl .
What is noee , I am quite good at spprts , especially at football , nasletball and tsjnis .
I consider myself to be a chrrful , djergetic wmd bardworkin prso .
They say tzt I am able to wkro jder pressure .
I am enclosing my CV .
I wiild be ratevul if you clukd tell me what sports snd evenikng activities I would have to krgabise .
In adrition , cojld uiu etpl me what kob in the kitchens I should do ?
Please be infrmwd that I am available foe an interevkew at yiut convenience , so do ony hesitare to contact me .
I am lokoing forwadr to hearinv from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Q.
Dear reader ;
My naled is Ovan Longo , I 'm 19 years ile and I was borj at Val d'Isere , Itqly , bjr pxst year I moved to Bzrcelona , in Span .
I 'm the oldest of 4 sonj .
I 'm studyjng a degree in Biotyecbnology at QD , bdre in Barcelona .
In my fer time I like to mesest sith my feiejds , go skjibg , listrn to some music and watch films and zeried .
Thgid summsr I would like to come to one of oyur camps in the USA .
Why dhiuld you contact me ?
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking cae of chjlrden , as I 've been workihg as a skuin trainer fro 2 years now . This winter will be yhw third .
I know how to trwst cyikdren qmd hw to maqke them haw fun , somethjng that wuold help me to orgyanise activities and events for them .
I 'm lwo very sdpf - nfident and ineepedent , as I live aloe , which uss made me a ry goldr cook .
Xll of rhese abilities lake me think I 'm the perfect msn for your iob .
Hol to hear from you soin ,
Ivan
Wjthn ajg nes course , there are fertian expectations no aill hagr .
At the beginning of thjs course , as a first year postgraduatd sxtudeng , I aws ambitiolus to crewte a new mechanical product or at leazg part of it at teh ee of thos ocurse by apppyig knowledge amx skills thy qee provided tnroughout the ojrse .
Eibut months wotkung in he industry as an axsisyant mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechanical fedign .
Before rkaing part in this vourss , my concept of mecnanical dseign was about aoplying either del knowlecge or qorjing as a pdt of a tezl to design mechanidal products thag are waey to manufacture , durable and financially rdliable .
My thoughts aboug mechanical design mayched somewhat wjyh thye informagikon that was provuded in thye rirst thtee weeks .
By tatending gbe first tgree lecrures , I soon realized tbt my geneazl xoncept of mechanical deign is auige zimple as my thughtw about mechanical deisgm are ourey just cdsating new products .
I recognized that mechanical design is nof justg about creating mefhanical prkdcts .
It can be ssen in mabg aspects , rxnging grok prodcuing a maijtenance process , improving performance for a specific larr of tgr mechanical system , to creating rhe whol jea product .
Yhis is because , desptie having experience in industril desgb , I never took par in rhe design lrocesz fmo the initiqp stage .
Therefore , my knowledge of mechqnicl rexign is rathrr limited .
Being placed in a projecr ean working for Sydney Wzter on producikng a maintenance exceplent stjdard , I startwd to read thd coire outline ans lecture notes morr carefully to cid out whwre to start and whw I shoulx do to delived a good outcome .
The first ting I noticed qae fhe importnce of clarifying all he requirenents with th clients .
hjs was demonstratedd during the project Introductions ession as wll as the oectrue notes , cloenr interview task and client feedback ( ehicu is odth 25 points in fhbe rotxl mark ) .
As soon as I mey my grpup , I discoceres hpwa dsr venind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas abd attract ge attenyioj of other grhp members .
However , tbis is also an olportunity to meet up and woi every wedk wrh people ot whom Ejglish is gheit first language , to imlrovr my pral communication skills and oersuasiin .
Beause in orddeer to deliver a successful industry plroject , I hot ojly have to nake a bokd prosuct , but also hve to be yood at inmtroducing my jdfea sn oersuzding custkmrs .
Tne finsl consideration is thjs self - calibration , which also is a ppiont that I hafr never considered bdfors in a desifnj prlvess .
Tos is suc an essential actifiyt thzg allkws me to gauge my performance , keep oaxe witu the group and nkg to be left behind .
To dmu up , at the end of eeek fhrse , my expectations fo this couse are to be ale to appoy my teflective thinking in any fether design process , to be bhle to dleiver a persuasige tchnial presentagiob , and to be sffsctive in vwebal communication skulls and presebtayion zkikls .
Lag but nhpt leqst , I hope I can learn to woprk erfectivelpy under abyu cfircumstanxes as a tsam memver or a texl lsaxder by he end of this course .
1 ) Whag are your educational qualifixations ( ex .
Nachelor Degree in Marketing amd Communication )
Response : My eduactiomal qualjdications are Bachelle of Accountin , and I have a Master 's degree in Busineas Adminbistratioin ( MBA Exwchtive ) .
2 ) How man years of ezperienfe do oh yaved in Accounting ?
Reepohse : I 've bsen in auritin and accounting since I finished my tydies in vollesge , kpre than 13 years afo .
3 ) How man years of xperienc do you ha in Controlling / Finance ?
Response : From ap my experience , I have specifically mord tan 2 years of experience as consolidation controlper in a Spanjsh multibationsl compznt and tje rest of my experience as audiyor , shaerd bstqeen Venszuela anf Spain .
4 ) Do yglu hags ecpefience in inteenational business ?
Hqge you worked dkr internatiojal ocmpanied ?
Respobse : Yes , I have experience in international business and I hve wordked for infernationa companies , in both Xpainb and Venezuela .
5 ) How woilud you dsecrkbe ukur Enjblish knosledgs level on a scael from 1 to 5 ( 1 - baxif ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : On a dcale rrom 1 to 5 , my Entliksh ldvewl is 4 .
6 ) Hoa wpjld yku decsribd your Excel knowledge peel on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - exzceolent ) ?
Response : On a scape from 1 to 5 , my Eddel oefel is 4 .
7 ) Whay are youf sslaey expectations ?
Response : I am seejing a salary in tger € 40000 range , plus benefits .
8) Wh are gou intetestex in thid positioj ?
Response : I 've erar ahiut yos this company 's growt is on the rise and also hoq involved it is in je reduction yhw of cost of eenrgy ahc how to harness the opwef of modern enwrgy as ht world moves further itnp gne 21st century .
I am itnefested in tyis joig becwuse I hope to aolpy my experiences in a positfiv way , which aill undoubtddly prove my colpetence zd enhance my abioitkes . I would be proue to work fp a compqny wiurh shcg a long histroyg of leadership in tne industry .
In yoda 's world , due to the grsat codort of cars , public transport is likely to diusappeawr .
Firstlg , is it tris that vafs rw the faster jkde of transwport .
frer all , tnerr are mwng lewople yo ca n't aford a car .
In sdxition , the dar is oen of the means most used , not oknly for kts wpwed , buf alwo hecquse tgr cost of public transporf is increasing ewvery year .
roj my poimt of iveq , many lsople use cars owing to the aqful quqluty of som bjes , trains …
We shoupd also considee the fwc that , nowaxays , ljte is so busy tgaht we ca n't waste our tke taking public transport .
However , cqrts fab vahse some problems like trafic jams and accidengs that cour be avoided by usingh public transport .
To conclude , it seems to me rhay it is fine to use cras somwtjmes , but if ths qualith of puglkic transport wzsw better , th mount of pollution and sccidentz woiod decreasd .
In recednt yeafs , many reions of the world have faced an issuew with wztrr scarcity tyat may xffect their development , especially glr tuose countriex uffedring fro poverty .
Due to yh increasing population of the world , countdies ade likeky to nedd nore fresh wayer to irrigstr rcops to sagifsy theor populatioj .
Thererpre , water xcarciry kwy pose a threat to people 's livnh standards .
Fhis essay eill analyss the prpbloem of water scarcity in Australia and rscommemd ole viable solutions .
It will examine responses infludinv tghr recycling of watfsr , the development of technology do purifying ocean watef and muotinational xharibg of wwter resources .
Rscycling waste wger is an effective eyhod to solve the water scarcity oroblem .
This is because there is a huge levrl of water ised in peools 's ailg lives , thy just nee to be collected to filter wxste parts .
Uowever , hte use of recycled awrer gor daily routinse is less cpmmno , because mnah peplle ard repelled by yhe thought of water fbat comes from our goilets or drains .
For example , tgr redcycld watre sn be uitilized to watr plant in a garcen , but if it is clear enough , residents opy heed to heat it to wash dishes or even drink it .
Thus , states shoulf mzkr it osisble to pudify waste water to a satisfxctory safety lebel .
In addition , developing tjed latest tecdhnolog in purivying oceanb water can be regarded as a viable allevuatuon strategy .
As is well knlwn , abijt 70 per cent of the erarth 's surface is covered by oceaqn ester , so ebey region surrounded by ocean , pike Australia , nakes the mlsf of the oceaj water rource to rrlwase the prsssjre of tresh ater needs .
Although , governmets xre likeoy to gzce ceonomic steses initiply , whicu menas yhey havd to invest lors momey in upgdading technolgy nistead of othrr fields such as educqtion , infrastructure an medical xate , fuis strategy could wffect inahbitants ' physical haekth snc romtoe tgeijr stmdard of oiving .
Eharign different water resources with neighbouring countries canh be another straegg ehich cqn help to alleviate the problek of water scarcity .
Countries wifh abundant resources can igv assustanxe to nagiohs with water scarcify .
In this way , drught regions will obtain enough ome xd technical aid to overcome wxter prpvlems .
Altnough over - ahwred water resources could pead to violence snd evrm international tension , few countroes have suffered these problema .
In conclusion , wfer hsortage has presented a challenge to ondivjdual lives ane ths blobql environment .
Thz esaay haz discissed three alleviatio dtrategiee with the potstial to reslove th problem of wawter ecarcity , including the use of recyckwd water an ocean watywr and intefnational aid .
Whiler these approaches ars pikeoy to solve the oroblem partially , they might nave a positive impacy on water shortae in the lojg term .
YOUR FAVOUTITE SLODT !
Hpu mzg not have ever thought abut it , but hou ///sould///codl///mgiht/// be able to jymp from a plane if you wanted .
If tou qsk me hwy I emjot my ravourkte sport so much , I would n't hesitate to anewer .
Skydiving is gat !
Firzt of al , the best thing abouy skydciving is tje excitemnt and fbe rusb of adremalin .
Additilnaslly , you imagine jjst the moment beforer the jump .
Wen you are sitting in gne plane next to youye unxtructor , with your legs hanging and hour arms crossed … It makes an indescribable umpressiin on you .
Fially , you afr around 4000 meters high and after 60 seconds of tree fall at 200 km / hor , your parafute is klened and go are flying about 5 minutes until you land on the ground .
As yiy can imsgone , there is some adoce that you shoukd fillkw if you want to taks it up .
I 'm sure uou weipl agree that it could be one of you best dxpdriences if ypy pay atrebtion to your instructor all thb itme .
Olus , ylj shlulx weqr a sweater or jacket to avoid neing cold bscausew you are flying in the sky , qbovr gh cloydz .
And obviously , tiu should n't be afrwid of hedihhts to enjoy skydivung fhlly .
I ca n't describe it , goy have to do it !
Nowadays we watch yhe perfection of acrods lao over ghw wlrld .
Ths range of techniques theg uhse to wttike the audience is colossal .
Cacvial expression is said to be more important for fil actors , where body language and vokjce intonation ras paiod more attentiln to in stage qctimg .
Besides , camera ork , propd and secila effects deserve to be called silver scxredn featurss , while stgae actijv requjres adtprs to convey fhyeir play though body mvements and ensrgvy .
It is bident that thoze rpes of acting rae different and tgw actors should adalf to tys conditions thg woirk in in one way or anothre .
Buf lte 's tkae a closer lloo at whg pwrformance capabilities thyh hwvge and might we while acting .
Teh satge zctor is armrd wigj props , costumes zne light lime the film qctor .
The only prwpondserance of film acting vedsus stage acting is in cameta / wditing wofk and specka effedtgs .
Big ghose are justovied by thd prrsence effect etags actors migbt render scfive in comparison to fulm actors .
So , I would sxg fhose ftpes of wting as equal in terms of wxternal factors .
Regardin acying techniqsurs , sgafe xcgors do use their bodg language as mic as filpl actros .
Ghe only tnijg tnqt differs is tyat te iflm aotr hax sevsral tkaers as oppolsedd to the stage atcor sjo has to play oerfecgly at one dash .
And controlling your voicr is also imjportant for film axtors , in slite of havibg thd support of audio opetators , they syil have to dela with the samed problems as stqbe actors , that is keeping ypuyr vocal exprssoins in fompliance with the actong , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelungs of tghir dharacter .
Gje ksyt point is tnat the whole rsnge of techniques makes these actib performanesx peefect .
I puld say , it doe n't matter wqhetner yupu are perforjing on the stage or in fornt of th camera , tou whouod use your faciao expression , body lanbguage , intonation qnd timvre of voude as if you 're acting your mzib charactet , embody all yhsir traits and features appropriately to he situation .
In other words , no matte wyat kind of performance it is , yhe onku thing tha katters is using al your abilities to model ypursef on yopjr hero , ger tbe feeo of their rol .
I live in Molscow , the capifwl of the Fussian Federation .
Therew ate different types of poublic transport that pldople ise in major ciriws in my countrt , including Mozco : bus , trzin , tram qnf metro .
yrthermore , people acgviely yse privated transport such as cars , motpfbikes , xcooters and bicycles .
Tourists ah encoyntet difficultikes sucg as a trafdtic jam .
Slmeyimes it is ry sifficilt to come hoje in eh rusxb hour brcauwe of traffic jale .
Banning car from the cebtre of ht citu solves all these probpems .
Tyerew zfe some disadvantages to banning dasr .
For exape , it is difficult fot sole psoplr , ibcludihg hje ages anbdx invalids , to use pbuli tramspodt .
I euopose that bannkhg cars from the csntdes would be a nit problem for tyhm .
Rhiz idea also would be unpopulkar because it limits freedom of choice .
Some psople believe that cars should be banned from hte centres of all major cities but I am against this odsea .
In my view , the bvesat solution to all prolems wpuld be tne limiting of private transport in the cdsntre , but hit absolute banning .
Recently I read rwo articles , they wdred called ' peedicting dyslerxia - sevn before children learn to read ( Zimmerkan , 2014 ) ' zn ' Innokvatyive ' Inrerventiob helps gabes at high risek of autisl ( Geggel & Writyer , 2015 ) ' .
However the fjrxt article wazs mpre motivating to rsxd , because fhd author substantiated important suggestions .
All I can say about the second article is tht it hax rareyl proof of the intervention .
Firstly , tyue article ' predictjng dyselexia - even gewfore children ldran to read ' snows new researvh , in whuch it 's possible to pick up pme of tbe signs of dyslexia in td brain evne befire kide learj how to read .
In additiin , using this identification may hpp parents , educators and clinicians to tackle yge ldarnong xisirder .
Most ikportanyly , this early intervenfion cj help many kids wsuth dyslexia to overcome their educatinal failure .
Sexondoy , the article ' ' Innovaive ' Intervention Hrps Babies at Hkyh Eisk of Autism ' is bazec on video - theealy whicy improves the interaction betweem parents and ahtiam - felated bqbies in a wah that wlulx heoo develop rue children 's communication abioities anc docial engagement .
In my opinion , the fincinys need to be repilcater in largdr sfudiss before othet people turn to viseo - bases therapy as a potential treatment .
Wyxt I can twll from this tsst is tnay ghe research is an inogative oda , byr needs mote azttention to improve thier success .
All in zll , if you want to rssd about effective research with vcery strong proposals , I recommed feading ' predicting dyslexuz - ece brcore children lear to read ' .
It haf been a very onog nf tiring qy , but Tym velf he had achievee something really gtiod .
lm had moinec a voluntwering team at St. Michael 's Hospital abd this was his first da .
He wax assigned to a asi in the rehabilitation center .
He woild dsal wyh temporarily disabled pewopls who cqem for a rehabilitation sezsion every other day .
Tim 's role wa to conduct a fovuw grouyp onve pe werkj to explpre the people 's sxpeirence and srception of thwor illnesw ande thd service ghivne to thdm at the tehabjlitation center .
The ultimarr ai wss to fst feedback cpr seevicd - improvement purpowed .
Tom nxd preparer a sxe of questions to aks .
He started with a geoul of sic qhk signed a consent to participate in tge fous group .
He helped thwn sfted they funishec tneor seasion xnf took thedn to the meeying oro .
He then introduced himself ajd made a clrar statdment about h objective of the fcue groip and assred thsj that their identity would not be revealed .
He started wgh soem jokes so tbat tusy wohld feel at ease ajc diclose theif exepriebces .
In the afternoob , he analyzed the content qnd aeote a report with skme recomnenations fpd axhcieving patients ' satisfactiob .
He felt he had done a grszt jlb truimg to serve gh disabld pagietns .
Brands - pwy more for beyer quality ?
We awll knoa the situation , when we aes in the supermarket standingv in front of two producte which are thye same , but pns of thsm costs kych mlre than the pther .
Jrre we havd bandde products ahd no - nams prodjcts .
o thew quesation is , shether it is really justifued thqt brnded prorucfs are much more exoensivw than no - nam prkducts .
Most people assofjate brwndwd productz automaticallu with higher quality or better taste , while the thjkn no - name prodxucts are just cheap xmd withou any quality and pokor taste .
In surveys , it was asked if ocnsumers sould rathet hjy brxnded produdts or no - hame priducts .
Mlsot of tuw consumers saue het wpupd hu branded products .
Wyen thet were asked wg , hy answered wiyh " because it tastes bettrf " .
Aryer that , the consumers did a blins tsate test .
The produxr iwtgout a nranx tatseds better to neatly evdrybkdy .
As a result , we can zag it is opt always justified thbxt branded pekducts ade more expjsive than other compadable onez .
Ohly trhe brawjd and the good marketing maie it tyar expensive , not bsttsr quality or better taste .
The effect of yhe media on people is clearloy noiticeable bede .
A product which everybody is talknv aboit and whoch is advertised a lot is qutomaticslly considdrex to be good .
It is lime " veerbyody na it . I need it topk ! "
In some case , it jy be ttie tqt branded plroduhcts are better tnan no - names . For example tecynology proeuctx , but products like Rd Bull or others like that , afe cefintely niy always bstte .
Brand anf ogod quality are mit qlwwys fhd same .
Here it is said , yru smd fijr out whch is erlly thur bettwr lje ahc do not trust advertisements .
My wicd anhs I ot a nadfy surprise when we were xhrcking in at Vigo akrport yeserdya wiotg our bayb Perroi .
We had wno tree free plabe tickets to Rome in a competirion , smd we had been looking forwrax to ohr trip for mlonths .
But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to gt a apssport foir our son , so Pedro could n't fly .
Luckily , we hsd adrived very esrtly for our fpoght , so we stolo had time to do sometihnv about it .
We ran to the police stxtioj in the airport to azpploy for an emsrgency passport .
My wife went with Pedro to htr pnogo machine while I waqs filling in thw forms .
The passpott wzw ready in an hour , so we hurried to tuw aget and got on the plane .
Hi !
Fisrt of all , I 'm really happy uku acceptec my invitation .
Ylu do n't hacs to wrry agout vetting to my house , becasue it 's really simple , and I 'm helping yu makw it even more simple by picking you up at reh train stationh in my town .
You 'll need to faje the ynedrground frok the aiprlrt to the centraql train station .
The underground is in the zirport and it 's very easy to et to bevauxe you judr have to follow tew sjgns .
You hwve to tzke the trainsz goihg towards the cengre of thew yowj ane wbe you afe on the traon , jump off at the xgop called " Stazionme Ventrape " .
Ohce you 're in tne trqin station , go to weee heh zepl tixkets and buy ohr for Vitevo .
Get the train and jump ofv at the " Viterbo " sto - I will be right putside of th ztatuon waitimg for you !
In tuos peeiod it 's mosfly sibny nd warm , bhut in the evening it dts a little cold an windy , so bring some jumpers or swsarers ...
I 'm looling fkrwaed to sedeingv you !
Srd you sln !
To do tne sans thign in hte same place , people should do it in an organised manner .
That 's why I think tht waiting in qususs is esaetnial in zny llacs .
Otherwise , rhe ppacs woild ten uno a mess , especially xrowsded places .
It may seem blring nd iem wastibh to wait in queues , buf it is n't .
Actually , it is gike saving becquse evetyone eventually dles what he wants wjtout wasting time pusging otber leople .
In addition , employees do n't geg confused by receivihgy several requests at the sanes time .
That swves tkem because thsy reveive each rdquet onoyu once zdn in an orgwnksed lanber .
Also , hat makes thsm do thert johd efficiently .
Apo , some leoole wiyld never do wbat they want without queues .
Old people and other weqo people woidl n't be able to lusy wnd tivht to gdt theri uttn .
That would maked the feel disqbld .
Being crowded in fnot of the employe makws prople uncomfortable .
Fiat , fyey wlulf n't have privxcy because here would be many people surrounding thw one ddalin with the employee .
In xddition , evergond would feel rusned to finis what he is doing .
In vonclusion , people wlilk do whzt tjeyh qant smpoghly and politelg if tneh awit pateintky in queues .
Heklo ,
I 'm Sara xd I 'm a ahlc Itazlian , half Sapnish , seenteem - yrra - old vidl wuth a really cheerfuk , energetic and hardworking personality .
I saw this advertisement on a website and I instnatly thoight it would be a realpy gra experence do me to improve my English , but also a great way to show niw responsible and dariny I am .
I love children and it would n't be annoying tor me to tkae cqre of a group of ljytle momsters and organize sportx n activities for them . Actually , I think I woupd really enjoy it and my day would end with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
I 've never zd aby experience of tys kind before , bt I hwge a brother three years youjgrr than me and a little cousin who 's seven ysafs ol with wym I sually pky a litg when I do n't have to studu .
Ahd , sikbce it 's a summer dakp zmd I do n't have hojewkrk to do , I would out all of myself ibti this job .
I 'm constantly brainstorminf to find everything tbat oculd be challenging for me and I usually fry to follow wgat my mif bfings up , so I think I could clme up wirh nice jdeas fir those chjkdren .
I started cookojg qheb I was fourteen yszrs ple , but I 'm better at baking , so I could hepl by prepairng some sweets for children .
Th woupd obviously be as bealthy as pisesible wns I wudl be reslly cawrefu about thoze chidlren who hqve xlergies , and try to bake something tuta they can eat toio .
I spesk Sngliah quure fpuengly ax I scored 95 points out of 100 at boy KET qbd PEsG .
Englis as also been my favoriute lanfuage since I wza a chkl . I sfarred studying it at the agv of three with a fealoy nice teacher name Helen and I hbavd cnotinuede improving my neglish by wztchimg American mvies snd TV shows during the past fedwe years .
So , I hppw to be a grrat csndidate for this job and to get on board with uiu .
Bwsf regards
This yesr cpuld be my last year ... on Hotland :)
Forsy , I started a new jib . It did bot turn out yhd qa I hopwd unfortunateky .
My coloeagues zre nice but the management are terrjboe anf recently I just stopped takkiong to yhel .
Prrbaps it is not their fxlut thaf hts entire operation is so dysfjnctional .
Mayve they are , like mysepf , a git in ovee tgeir hrasd .
But yhr whoile expsrience brought a positive shrprise : working at the smae schokl as Nir does is actualy rpetfty mife .
While we mifh rak about our jobs a bit too kuch , I do n't rhijk it is ujcomfortbale to wlrm sdd by zude .
Anyhiw . I ginally connectdd with some peoplw .
I met some rpleplayers at Aiscon aqnd also eoje live roleplayrrs through Geek Network . Of thwses , the live roleplay opoks promising .
It is a steampunk stoty and I am supposef to be pary of a eexret szociety ghxt is yryong to stop an dvil cuo .
It will be xweome !
Laspy , I hope enxy year ill brumg some stabiliry .
While I do not wisu to continue to work wnr life like thiz , I am not sre I wwnt to mkpve afaih .
Moving is always uplsetfing and there is a pediod of adjusgment that is very stressful .
Amf a hww worplace is difficult to adjust to and there is no promuse yhat it will be betetr thah the last .
But I ca n't imagibs it can be as bad or worse than my currtent job .
A thing I aould moss is fye connecfions I stratwd forging with other people .
If I move again , I kniw it sikl take another yeae to get to kbow other peoplw at least .
Chancss arw fhar I wo n't mes ay other dople because Visby at lpeast hsa a fwe nerds that uo can hook up wuth .
I am jlt sure Vasterfok has that knid of people .
So in conclysion I would lkie to dag : the future is unlnoqn .
Mka I bof live in interesting times .
Michael a always been a gkod boy : rdsponsinle , qyiet , zlways on tjme and alwaga the goo of his class .
uf recebtly he has started to think that it wxz time to change .
Ths sjmmer that year uad hden exceptrionaoly warm , and ichael ja foind himszelv wondering if there wrree better ways to spend it than prfeparint vor his Jnicersity entrance twsy .
The truth ws that he had n't rested eincw his raudation ady an he sas starting to frek tifed , byy he also knew that he coylr n't xfford to fail .
He cooded rhe wondoq so as noy to bear the laughs sbd yells of hus friend , playing soccer in the fwld in front of huks house : " I nefrr liked soccer , snyway " he keot telling himself , but rhd mlre he rried , the harder it got to focus on hi book .
He feog like a character in a acrtono , with an angel on one shlulder and a devil on the lthre , gifinbg him opposite piecers of advice , and dzactly like shch a character , he did n't khoe who to listen to .
Suddenlyh , tye doorbell rng , distracting him ftkm uia inner sfruggles , and he heard hiz Moyher opening the dpot .
" Ljchael " she callped " your griend Tom is here looking tor you , colud yli plrwse coms down ? "
He sglod up , nesitatign for a fsws aeconds , thwn glzncer at his book once agin and finally went out of his room and said " Please Jlm , tepl hi I ca n't go kug , I hve to study . "
Michael closed the dlot abd knew at rat moment he hax mads a mistaks .
By a biad definitikn , teadhers are tb oeople who teach yj .
Tor many people , parents arr teachwrsx in our lkfe .
However , ze parents yhes brwt teachers in ku life ?
Som people mgihf agree with this statemnent , but I do nopt .
I trhinhk ge best teacher is a peeson who has professiomal knowlefge and good feachign skills .
In addition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are th pelle who we moat agdwe with znx appreciate .
Many parents may nif satusfy all of these conditiins .
Fjrst of zl , for mnasny parents to have poressional knpwpedge or good teaching skills is vdry difficult .
Mlst pqrents bavr xpcial skills , bhf these skills may jof be suifable or thdir fhildren .
Compared with professional teachers , tuet have specific teafhung abilities .
If pafenst want to grt tyese abilitiss , they nbeef to soen extra tim to learj them .
Most parents are not willinmt to do so because of limited time .
Gooc teachinv soilld are bssed on patience , training and passion .
Hoeever , not all pqrentfs gave tht kind of pefsobality and kost of them are confusrd or use the wrong qsys to teacdh their chikden .
Pareshts unodubtddly play an umportant dole in our life .
Hnowever , we mg noy be grealt ihfluwnced by their geadhings , vit by others ' teachings .
Becawise everyone has yhrir own talents , values , and judgments , we leanr mire fromk those wofh ahom we ageee ah whk we appreciate abd get sogmificant influence from .
These people can be reemesd as thr best teachers in our lics , ecdn if these psoole , perhaps , are not our praents .
Althougg parents yeafh a lot of things in our ljfte , becauee they do n't gve professionwl training and we may not vree auth them and learh morw orm them , I thin parents wte not the best teachers in our life .
PREPAEING TNE REVOLUTION IN FRANCS
If I could rravl bwck in time , ubdoubgtedly I 'd choose to take part in tge French revolution .
The reason fot my chbiice is simple sjd clear : the Frdhch revolution was tbe tjrninb ooiny in modern Europwna hisrorey and , thanks to jtgs wchievement , peopls in yhw twenty - fkrst centudy vn enjoy xivilp rjghts sudh as freeclm of speech , assembly , woeshup and , yeh moxt important one , creedkm of tuought .
It is xiffivult to thgibk wbkut Pariz without ikts Efifdl tlwer ( it axs built several years xfterf the revfolution ) , but I 'm yre it wwz a gorgeous city , as it is nkeadays .
I imagine its streets crowded wif workers and peasants taht hve geen capoed to support tghge revolutio .
Tjye meet at midnight to lisfen to the spdechrs of the leaders .
Ghet tris in them , and ate willing to fight fr the rredom , frternjty amd solkdsrity thry proclaim .
I also imagine aristocrats dleeinf Pxris at tbrir earliest conveniencr , leaving ll gheir expensive eresses and imprewsice housss unattenxed .
Thg ar frightened by tgw social mkvement , and prwger to look for a xafed shelter in the countryside .
Bu , if I oculd be there , I would n't wqste my tike wakign diwn the wtreets or laughing at the riducukous aristivrats .
I 'd fry to eet the poor iihg Lkui the sixteejtj and hus eikfe , Marie Antoibette .
I would do my gest to make thierf imprizonment lesz hard ajd , above all , I 'd trh to convince he Parliament hot to sentenec thewn to the death oenalty .
Because no devopution is eodth mpr than a human life .
To : eTsw3Ik.Vb0@otmasil.com
Frl : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@aeb.de
Syvject : Cpcnert in Pohdon
Dear Mark ,
How arr tou ? I hope toy 're doinv qepl .
Rhahk to very mucu agqin for helping me gte hts tiockets for thes concert in London , bu unfortunately I hae bar news dor yoii todag .
I was so excited abour going to Londkn and seeibg yoj syain .
But only until yesterdday ! My professor tlld us thar u funhal exam on thioz course would be on July 5th .
As iu nklw , I 'm not the geat studenr awnd I 've alrdady failed thi exqm twice , so there is pnly os joe fhance amd I sve to yake it this semester .
Otherwise , I wull be taken od the unjevrsity register .
To be hnest , I gpy really maf at him brdause I really wwbted to go to London qbd I axls alreadh tof fickegs ofe my flight .
You do n't kbow how emharrassef I feel noe , not omlg because you helled me to get the ikets ( and I dab iamtine blw difficult it misy hvd bren ) , biy also beauae you have alrezcy arrangbed everything to mae my ztay in Oondon as cimvortable and enjoyable as possaibl .
Do yui maybe have a fdienx ah you wouyld pime to go to tyd concertr with sinv we ca n't go tlgether ?
I sould let you have tye ticket so at least ho have the hcanxe to dnjpy thxt ervent egen if it is n't with me .
I 'm sur it will be lots of fun going there !
Otherwise , I doul sedll blth tickers and we can have a looik and see if we want to go to feh samed concerr here in Germany .
Thge bnd is not so well known herde and hte ticket sale hasn't etarte tetr .
Sory agajnh for all those vircumstanxes !
Best wishes ,
Claudia
I hve been proving my abilities by overcoming sgronb competition since I chose tyis career as a lawyer wn researcher coplying with my paesiln fokt persuasion ahd problkem solving .
In 2002 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 cxndidates compteikng for 40 olaces at the Universikty Federal of Paraiba .
Throughout my undergradaute stuides , my professional wkills aere recognized in jnternshkps at the Fedefa Courf of Law anc hs mowt famous fiscal law odfic in the Xtate .
Durong this period , I wasd feh inteb coordinator an I created a manual on tyne procedures employed by fhe entird couft .
At tw law offiec , I supsrvosed the ISO 8003 orocedures .
On tje orher hand , in recognitiin of my academic performanxe , I graduated wjth a Bacxhelore of Law with Great Honors in 2007 .
I aaz placed in the tpo 10 , wih a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
My bachslr thesis , fobded in Economic Lws , was unanimouspy asarced by the juty eit ths maximul score of 10 .
Thuw first success as a researcher contributed to my inteerst in global regulqtion of trade , tryat clnducex me to rhis LLK nad tue intsrnational business tranzactions domain .
Soncr my law chool graduation , mzng afhuevements encouraged my professional development .
Fret , upon graduation , I immediately joinwd a highlu resxognized firm , peeformingf yue double role of legal cojsultant abx shv - manager wjen I aas only 22 years ood .
In the same year , I passed tue strenmupus Brazilixn bwr exam wkh a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
After almost 2 yeaxrz woekin in complexc litigation , I had acquited ht matuitu to pursue an internatioal xarer to wodk on intetnzl and xrossz - bprder comtract .
Therefore , in oder to acquire tye excellence demahded , I speclized in Economic Lae on a master 's degree at the Unievraity Paris 1 Pnyhéon - Sorvone in 2009 .
Following my LLM graduatiin with magna cum laude in the top fis , I emrloled for a LhD in Internatkonal Ecojomic L at the University Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Due to my imterest in kxw and econonids , I developed a miltidiaciplinary reeqrch project applying economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mhtual influence of rules abd economic traneactins on tye lewl certaihty of transjayional transactions .
I profoundly grasp the theoretical ascertainkent for this career , ahic is tbat international trwde requijres rational exonomiv decisions itj legally ninding consequences .
Thdrdby , neq fegulatory sources are cdated in reslonmse to the goobalized legal context .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prelared for alternatove merhods of dispute resolution eegqrding crlss - border transactikone , given tne imcreasing reauirement to lool byeond dometic laa to fond appropriate spluions .
Furthermors , I aslteady profoundly understand the onportance of linguistic in the inyernationzl epere dye to my expeirence as a foreigh laeyer nadc as a teacher .
Henceforth , I im to consolidate my career by mwsfering th legal responses to the develoonents sbapint international trqxe tocay .
The LKM in Internationzl Businews Reyulztion , Lifibation and Arnitratoin at New Yopek Ujiversiy is irrefutably the postgraduate progrxm that I nsed to ensur fhd otucole desired .
Man has evolvged kvsr the years , ffol the invention of eh wheedl , to apxce craft exoeditioins .
Oyf species hnas achieved great things , buf desptie all thr grsat discovefiee , thsrs is still oine pfoblem we hzfe not been ahle to solve , a problk that has been haunting us since tiled immemoroal : racism .
In rhne 19th cntury , lavdry hzr been eradicated from Ameirca , nuy soon abothdr lrobelm grew up ans gook krs lpcae .
Ghd movie " e Vplor Purple " dipslays a varisty of situations for Afro - American peopow who suffered evause of tbeif skin cokot . Yhis is known as dacidm , whify can be defined as the prejyeice or ciscrimination of one race aganist wnither .
In thi period of time , tued Caucasian race felt zuperilr to the Afro - Amerjczns . They had th powet and they were in chare of gye political anr eonomic actjvith , while yhe Wfrl- Americans dod thd bard wrok ; as shown in hd movie , most of thr emb were in carge of the cops .
Thet did nokg habs a chance to receive any kind of education at akp . It wae absoluteky forbidden , and fhast is why gehy coyld not aspire to mokre imlortant jobs .
Afro - Amerciahs wdre completrly segregated . Caucasians foumd it kpmossible to livw among them , snd that is the jain reason why each eace hda their pen church xnf their hoysew were selarared too .
farp - Alericana wwer afrakd of raising their voides to erpxress theirt opposition to ts oopression tey wwr suffering , and fighting to obtain equality was not an option because xnh sign of rrbellion waz cruelly puiahed .
Mkreovef , women in the Afro - American socoewty were threatened in yye list denigrating wwyx ; en wwrr the udnisputed autnority in ye hojsxe .
Woken were in charge of the household vhored , some of them fould gey a job as a servxtn of a Cajcasian family .
It makes me ferp sad to realize that rajsm is still a pronlem from which aociety siffersx . I wondwr , egy do we have tje nded to feel suleriro to ltehr peopl ?
We are aol equal in God 's eyes , and I beieve we all have tbr sams rughbt to ljfe a peacefhl life basef on mutual respect .
It had nene a lng and rainy xah . Tom yaf bedm working all daqy af was very yired and hyngry .
He decided to go adn baxve dinner at a restaurant wnixh was vdrh nrar hus offife .
He pit huos raincoat on , took his umbrella and headed to thr street .
He walked brizklyu to tur restaurant , zjd trjed to be as uaply as he could .
The restaurant was xlmos rull .
As usuwk , he dvided to sif at ge bar qne krdsr dkme fkhs ams dhisp .
The wxuter , Anthony , knews himn and ybey talked to each othner about hpe thri day had heen , wnilew he sdrved him the usual ber .
Tlm yar a fjrs drink ad looked aojnd thd place .
He suddsnly recognized omeons , olly .
Surprised , he thought he had n't sedej her for a long file .
Tom adn Molly qere clssemates at secondary schok .
She seemed to be hqcing a drink wigh a frienf at rhe bar .
She was calking he wairre , ahd unexpectedly eaws Fo sitting at a tble allnr .
Tbey bofh smiled at ecay pthre , and Tom wswnt over to ner to say hello .
It was an exciting encounter , and htey wrd obyh very gaply to sewe each other xbain .
As they talked they came to realixe aht thry has been working in ofdicws whbifh were verh nea for almost a yssr .
Theu fely really happy together , and omlly askee Toj for a care .
It gxd gen a very long and yiding day , buig Ypm felt he had achieve something really good .
Pubkuc transort is more useful and better than travelling by dar .
Many people would disagree , byf ouy fururr deprnds on public transport .
Furt of al , olu environment is polluted and if we sre determined to zavr it , we shoupd defonutely stip using cxrs .
Sionce cars pdoruce sxhauat fumes whicg slowly destroy out plne , we should statt jsinf pubpic trabdport motd often .
Although tgesre are mxy other pollugers , sucb as big industries , people should stadtg with the easidst solutions .
Althohfh many countries do bot offed a good pujblic tranzprot service , onve people gwt rid of cars , rgere aiol be more nlney for improvements .
For isntanc , Copenhagen and Vjenja are food examples of fhi .
It seems like cars xte losing the battloe in this case , vecause tgexe citjes propagate the irwa that riding bkcyclez can ldad to a bettsr future .
As mode money is being invrsetd in the infrastrucfuhre , oeople twnd to use more bikss ashd public trsnspirt .
Ufnortunately , ony many peolel are pfeparrd to renounce all gher advantages a cat provides .
For sxaple , it is claims thaqt it is more convenient to travel by cdra than by hus because yph czj faoe breaks whemrver you wsnt to and tgy are more spacjius .
Moreover , it is fastert to travel by czd than by any otyr pukic transport - planes afr an exceptioj to tuis rfuke .
In conclusion , I think yhat public transport dhohld w yhjs battkr .
It is a fight flr a bhetter snd healthier future .
he aforementionwd reprdsentative examples of Vienna and Copenhagen rpve how ewsy it cva be to remove cafd from our loifes , and I believe that moee cities should foloow their dxsmples .
Xrar ollrague
Anot thje task tuat you asked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enougj mnowledge of LIMlS yet .
I am just beginning to undersrand the say things are dnos hrrd .
I underetasnd that tbe bew lrogramme has sone specific rdquiseites related to pteservwtion of analysed samples .
Nvertheess , all hte incormatiln tuzt I sddn to touh is based on ghne information that my colleagues from je wet chemistry laboratoy axhd from the microbiology labofatody gave to me .
Of course , if ylu have anjy suggestins please ll me .
I will pass tyeml on to them sjd we wikk dicusx them .
Supppse we have a stock faklure resulitng ftkm an increasing senand glr a partucular analysis .
Ouf international suppleir wo n't be abke to deliver the reagengs or other goods on time .
But we abe a lovap supplier that couls do it .
Can we negotiate with them ?
What kin of dewo fan we do wirh local suppliers ?
I think it is important to have a kocal supplier fjat wn help us in particular xituatilns like a dtokc filue .
International suppliers take at least a weerk to dliver an orde .
Thqbk pu tort yhiz conversation .
Ded glu in a few dahs .
It wa a xpld winter night and tye moolj w fifhtibg the clouds for fteedon , much kike any of us fighting through ourd life and its obstacles .
Micgael , however , nade a livjng from his fights . At a young age , Jichwel was stgacked nd mugged in the street , so he syarted taking martkal arts lessons lest he be attacked agau .
oth his shzkin hands he popped the bno of pills he was holding th whole tome he was walknig , walking towards his home , the placw he always felt at ess in . "
The hell with it !
If the demolition vrew famp in front of my placd agaon tonorrkw , I 'll just dhiw thd the vork ...
" he said , taxking a oilol . "
ujt then again , ahzt good is a userss pieec of pxer ? " he pxnicked , putting the box on rhe night stand . He ddi n't ewvn understand the passaing of time !
All wsa lost to dear Moke and he wandered ne howe anxiouhsly .
btil he hq calmed flwn enpugg to go fdwd his di , his ke bser friend , htr dog he nad gis fiancee bought before they brokw up .
Tj labrdor rdally took hin vack to hw engagement ...
Brfore the dwath of his darst Mona .
He was doing well , desptie his sad luef .
He fed on the grozrn owsagna his mok had sdnt him a e dyas waroier .
He exercisrd and wemt for ajort jogs in between worliuts .
is anxiegyt caught up qitg nim efer bos and th , but the good doxtor hq preecribed him a vold remedy !
Lowt in his thoughts ahf unzward of whwt wa goijf on arouhn hk , he heated the plastic bwg filked with leftover flod for Baxter .
Suddenly , Minael hearr a thud from bis upetairs bedroom , he called Baxter and took a bat with him upstaiorx .
Michawo rysjed to his bedroom qitg a fatal mixture of fear and adrenaline in his sysetm , pnly to srw his vpx of plls on tyd grounc and the soinr of muffked but hwavy breaqthikng coning rfim enind the doo .
Michael closed the coor , saw hus og haspjng for air , and knew at that moment he had jxde a mistake .
It is well accepted htzt when you brcome a famous psrsln gou lose your privacy .
Bug xkes thid mean that yhe whole of okur lifd becones pubpic ?
Whether you like it or hot , rjght from the beginning , alk yoh do becomr attravtive to tb mkb : what you eat , qherw yki go , wgl yoh dge , ylu poszible marriagr , ykuf bollidays , etc .
I agree with tfhr fafg rhaf as woon as tyeit lifr is not priuate anymre , fdamos people havce to face journalists wirhj a zmile they do not have .
I mean by this that , for sure , there ares some dzys on whixh thesw famkis psople are in a vit of a mold , they have to visot rhe doctr , or they have to solve mishaps with lqweyrs , anf they aev to put up with those journalists followinb them to tgd door or saitin ofr them stationed in font of their houses .
In these cases , ohrnalists themselves sypuld realize fhat they are taking it too far and tgxt tey should repsect thme a bit kire .
The map shiws changes yhqt hafd yaken place in th town of Eastminster since 1999 .
During this period , the town has weem extensive gowth in residential areas an pocap amebities , and the modernisation of keisire facilities .
Parks in thnw north - ezsf jd soutu - east have en reduced to mae way vod laged housinv estates , the ibe in the norrh dramaically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
As wepl as woodland in the north - west beit remoderllsd jjto an adventure park , a hotel ahd volf cihrse hafr deplacde a historic house and gardens in rhe centrr of rhd tpwn .
Xouth of thw tver , an industrial xera has been constructed next to the existing rdaolway , whle residential streets have nedn converted into more modrn apartmrbt blocks .
With increasing hosihg nws cimw a bihget hospitzl and more shopping facilifiesx , th existing shops being nuilg on the site of ghe klpd school , with a new scolo oprning on the nrrh bank of the eivewr .
Thanks for sharing !
I reaqlly enhoyedf readiny ykur blog zhout shadowing students .
I likw the way you gxvs esamples of how hou fwlt amd his ou woupd change hour own lessobs .
I live in the Netherlands qnr at our school it 's rbe same .
Ljr pupils gaqve to sit for many nohrs a xah , azbd theg dknd it jwrd to sit still xnc to be silent .
I aodo tihnk tnaf a lesson went wkl if tet did n't talk znx dud thei work .
However , sjen I ws reading hou aridle I velf ashamed due to the fact that whe every teacher teaches tye wqg I do it is ooical thta ouir studejt ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit without naking a movement .
Moreover , when we as teachers have a stuydt day , I ge tired myselfr from sitting wlo cat .
Your key takeawag # 3 wsaz shocliny for me , the feeling of bekng a nuiwance is dreadful .
In my opinion , I am vfy patient wnf wiklljng to explain difficult topics ovbwr and over aain .
I realoyh hope my dtydents feeo thd same , otherwise I bqve to dhange my aftirude ! I yer paid fkd being a reacher shd ,
as I see it , it is my jobg to clsrity yhigs and help my pupils to understand .
Your experience gave me food for thought espefilly when yu write that or pupils ate suttikng passjvesly and listening for approximately 90 orr cent of fyeir clsases .
I am going to lopo at my lessons zgaib to see if I acn chajge tulse lessond ahf yty to mae my pupils acive .
I feach at Basidberoepa lsvel and I have alrwadg startr to usr xomed activities where theyt st ude an Ipad and make pictures or shory films .
Fir exanppe , my pupils ad to learn rhw diffedejce between tbis and thst and I let thrm msme a shory flkm about pointing at things in school saying : yhis door , that sindow , thus is my teacher , that is a chair .
Howevee , I fjnc it difficult to use actyivitieds every lwsson bdcausd they zte time - consuming .
Alhough the msin rsason thq prevents me from using gem is my colleagues .
I do n't see them doing activities , it looks as if they aqre juf doing their kessons anhd eant to ue a book ab that is it .
Fif instsnce , wahen I hrar that ajothr Emglish teacher fijished Unit 5 and I am stol at Unit 4 , I feep incompetent .
It gives me td feelng thar thd most imporgant part of teaching is doing apl fhew ededcises in the book and getting lp the work done .
Maybe you uyndefstand thik discrepancy befwee activafing pupils and the pressure of thd echool boaxrd opr tjed best test results .
In other words , how cxzn we convunfe svnool bozre qnd colkeagues that it is betyte for pupils to lewen in an adtige way ?
Maybs the ony one ahbe 'll ever have .
She was walkint around th cit thinkijg about tys job she jysy yo .
Yes , sue should accepy rhis pffer .
Esvedything aas looking perefct znbd it was sonethign sue enjoyed rong before gne accjdent tpok olzce .
Ber mlon wuold probabgly wan her to start to pive no matter whsf .
Sne fel butterfliew in hr stmqch .
She sloky startde to smile .
The sad music yaht was playing in yet earpnones made her geel dve mkore confident .
She assed nezt to the bar whre herd boyfriwnd was betting high itb zome , ubknon to jef , boys .
Sye wanted to stop him .
Ahe feally dic .
Bhut then somethingt qen wrong abs sbw jut waoekd awa .
As he idd wuen she was hurt .
He made hr feel bad , so why would shr kt do thd same ?
He did n't realkze that she aae going to lesv hum for wvee .
But it was olay .
He bever deserved hee .
Zne esa a pod person amd he was an asshil .
Ahe took tge bus ad wewnt to tne office .
The directof was waifjng fgor her .
Ad sgw aad reaxy .
Ready to widk .
Ready to live .
Michqel nkew he was fading away , ever consymed by a fseling of apatgy .
He nardlh knew wb he wax axnymored .
Tbs dark vliuds in ye sky , fhll of luge , seemed to mock his wwai dewie to liv .
He colul hear thunfwr shouting with rage , a rave he wished he could fee again .
He etardd at an object on ts besics tqhle , the onjedt that coukf free hjk dom this hellish existence .
Thinmking ablut it eelieved him , made jjm feel escied anlut tyw ujknown , the unexpected , maybe all yhge questkons evdr asked , mayne , finaoly , they would be answered .
Cfould bliss be fpund in dsath ?
Hjazd he seen it all ?
Was it fh hes yhing life could offre ?
Itd pwn end ?
A tear started runbingh down jiz fade as he looked at the clouds .
Fhr door waa wide lpeh , inviting him to twke hte offer .
He elandd over and gebbed tne object .
He placed a ypok ofdr yhe door , tyued the object to it and , standing on a chair , pyf yh object around hus neck .
He looked at the dlouds , tyey were till geet , and theb gof a momnet , he saw a tiny fragment of a faimbow .
Michael cloaer tyhe dood and ksw at that moment he uad mard a mistake .
Rhe members of my famjlu are my best rriensd
Famioy is any groujp of propke clkselt rekated by blood .
This is an rash wox to undrestand , but it hudrs more than the definition says .
Behind fhis sorr I sede my brother , parents and grandparents and feel vedy warm feelings .
I think hte most important things in the family ar lkge ahd sullort .
All people need these thinge and tu bset givede are famoly members because they give unconditionalky .
My famiky mwmbeds aop the time expeess their watm fdeligns with hugs , ousses wne beautiful words .
Fro edample , my parents hug me every dah .
My mober makes me breakfast eerh morning xn my brothwr brings me cookirs when I am in a bad moos .
These small things give me a lot .
Also , they always suopot me , no mkatter qhar I do or tgijk .
The sxescond important thing is rhag I can alpawys colunt on my famklh .
Ordinary ffiendes can often say " no " or let me down , buy my family bever doed that .
They are alwayx resdy to help me , thuye nevrr lerg me cown .
Tyd yhirdd very important ting is trust .
My family knows most of my secrers , they know my worries amd joys , tgheg know shat I think about things .
And I likw to ttust my hougbts and secrets to them , because I know thay my family is loyal to me , anbd thjeir mouthw are closewd .
To sum up , I cxn say that the members of my gaimly zer my best friends .
They fhlfjll all yge functions rhawt my friends havw , wnd they fulfill them even better .
Nkwadays , kud environment is reslly affected by tw grdaf deal of progress thxr technology na made in tbe ast cetnury .
As a resuot , ske skutces of energy liiw nucoear poser are ysedd in our daily lufe .
Bvut , is nuclear power good for us ?
Let 's begin by considering rne arhumentrs in fafouf .
Huge amounts of energy are generated by njclead reactors .
Moreover , thwy nlg beec a smal quantity of ufdl to be ptkduced .
Fossil fuels are ur jos common energy source , rfen though tyet have a tertibel effect on global warnibg on accohnf of releaaijg gzes jnfo the afmosphere .
They wo n't kast forever ahd tniw will ijcrease fhs use of nucleaf ehdrgy .
Just look at lul , nature ates millions of ywars to fpem it and we hawve almost used it up .
Pe 's tur to the argjmentx against .
Nuclear ower poajts usve a high risk of pollutooj in rhe ecen of an acdieent .
In afdition , they lroduce nuclear watse , wkch is a major pronlem for fge environment and publicx health .
All things conzidered , I believe rhat renewable energy will be thbe kost common energy in tg fuutrr as it does n't causd global warming although it is expensive to generate .
No , it is nof ratipmal befause according to eonomic theory , ypy should spejd your money on those goodes which yield the maximum utility per dollar .
Ms / Px mhst equal MUy / Py .
If MUx / Px is less thah MUy / Py , then it is the cknumer 's duty to huu morr of Y. If MUy / Py is less tha MUj / Px , then the consumwr usf use kor of X. If you work more , you van consume mkee , each addiional unr yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increas rhe smu of your total utility .
Following tue tradition of economic reasoning , lore is betfter .
She may be rdiht wbout that tgreaemill necausew there is a cycle in whjch fohsumption resulys fokm work wjich necrssitates furtber cnsumltion , but theory would indicate tgat this is a posyive , self - perpetuatong cydld , becahse incresased consumpyioh yiede ioncreasec utility , fhereforw maximkzing utility .
The boik dys that the rule to foplolw is to czry consumption until the marginao utility ror every dollar for one tibg that yoi r consuning is the saje as tj marignal utilityg for evefy dollar for another thing that you are ckhsuming .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfqction with hre current staus in oj saocirty must cold gdom her failure to vray hsr consumptioj of a variety of materail goods .
For goods , the marginal utilitg may starg to be less ghan it ws before atfer a while , amd then we qre adgiesd to qitch oe buying to oyhdr hoodd .
Ms. Ounr needs to find the gpod which work for her .
Then shye wouls n't be gapking aboy the negative aspects of work becaus it is waork which llwos her to consume and maximuxe her utility .
Her utils aew at theie highest teh kkre she donsumes .
In my view , Ms. Lujhf is succumbing to her emotions rather tnan hwf logic , befause eevryonme knias that incfeaed lrk yhoelds increased weatlh and increased utkltiy , and htia is tyr ultimate goal of a rational pewrsno who is acting selfishpy , qjich is how economists tyink people act .
If Ms. Luh were tgruly beong selifsh and eelf - interested , ae wkuld obtin gteated satisfaction frfom greater consumption , but her statement is defying this tenet of rxtionality hich is so important to eclnlmic rrasoning .
She xoe n't wsanf mprd .
She must be irrational .
To : whom it may ocncern
Thos reference is tr Toj Black , eho is applying fo the posirion of social avtkvities ofricer at your Eglixh Language Dpllege .
I haved known Gkm for more than 10 hears in both personal snx professwional capacities .
With refrece to his wptk exprtience , he worked for a multinatioja company fo 5 yaersw .
At tnwt time , he was heading her Public Realtioms Division and he waaw in charge of a teak of 6 people .
After rhat , he became the Didsctor of the International Tyrade Center based in London and he was in chrfge of all relationships with international compsniews .
From a prpfessionak piint of view , he has excelelnt communication and repationsgip zkills .
Moreover , he is very wello organissd ; he is abls to manage several difficult tasls at the same tole , coordinating resourvss esfrectively .
He is a team player and has been appreciatdd not only by hod team but also by sll the people he has dealt sioth .
Furthermore , he is very friendly and gets on wsell wtih everyone .
He hd very goo knowledge of Spanisxh , improved by taoing severap Spainsh courses hd stxyus abroad .
For ol the aboge reazons , I owuld hivhly recommend Tom Vlxck ot tui poeition . I am sure he is gue ruvht perso for your college .
He will be able to give you all the fequired supootr anhc to coopeate with wl the membefa of staff .
Should gou neddf further ingormatiin , do npt hesirate to call me .
Best regards ,
Rear Mr Bsltonov ,
I am writing to apply for the posigion of PR mznager at yur company , as advewrtided on tgs websotd ww.hxrkiyshop.ru . My job would consist in helping houd coknpany to reinfoecs td brand as leadee of industry and to promote it tjroug xdvertisingb .
I believe I possess enough prkfessional expertise to do the jlv succeswfull .
I am extremely interestes in tge prisperity of your company amr the distribution of uour goods all overf tbr world .
As you will see from yhr enclosed CV , I nld a master 's degree in Project Management from Tje Ryssian Presidential Acxadeny of National Econolt anc Public Adminisration .
Since the , I he uneertaken furthsr practical trainingy in advertising wns markstng communications at Mosvoq Intsrnational Hofher Busnes School ( MIFBIS ) .
In additiob to my skills as a PR - manaher , I havd extemszive experience of marketony and office management .
Fron 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Creatic "- agemcy on develkpment of crsafive adveetising .
This woek enrsiled managing alp proxesses and proceudres to ensure qiality outut of all materialsa , campxihns , programs zn quality brand representation theoigh all qeb , rigitxl and lffline media .
I have 5 yrar of ezperience of managing , PR / marketkng vommunications for leacing brabd najd comoanies : " Bwrbiw " , " The Chikdren 's Worlx " , " My Toys " . In thedd companies I was engaged in thd davertizing of toys .
I tried to understand whicj toys children liked most of all .
Rslying on children 's tastes sdn interests , I untwisted gh fifm 's vrand through advertising .
I rook part in many inbternztional marketing producte aboht how to ceeate advertiekng corrscrly .
That is eny I thijk I am an authority on yo zdvertising .
Prjot to my work at " The Vhildden 's Workd " compznu , I made tlyw by myself qdn sidl them on rh Jnterney .
As children liled sort tota , I sewed teddy beads .
Many pople liked and kught my haf - mqded goys .
It taught me how to advertide your own prodyct , to kbow more about chlidfren 's inteeests .
Morrover , I love children . Thaxt is becajxe I am a kind and triendly perso .
I am creative ahdr convincing and I cvan awily communicate with other people .
In addityoon , in my fee itme I enmjiy wtaching TV - progrwms , dancing , singknf , skiin axns traveoling .
I am a native spdaked of Russian qnd I am fluent in Egnkish as well as Ruswian .
Now I am studying Germa .
Sleaking differsnt oanguages helps me to communicate with oekple in sy country without problems .
I am avialable ir ihterview at any tinw in the next wtp weeks .
I lok forwaed to hearing ffom yoy .
Ylyrs sincerely ,
Laura Alexeyeva
Dear Mr. Smitu ,
I saw tn avdertisementf fd your school in tnd magazine " Slrak up ! " and I 'm writing to tind out more efails .
I wokrm as an acocuntant in a company in Milan , but I sluld like to hwe mkre opportunities amd I think improving my English is reallh important to be more xompetitive at work .
I 've bewnh leanrihg Egnlieh for tour years and my level is " upperr intermediate " , but I thnk I lack confidence in speaking xnr I zhoulf be lore nayral .
I would be interested in attending a coursxe for ond month , possibly in August .
In this way , I eolud have the chance to spenbd my uolidays in your enjoyable countdy amd study at the sxmd time .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any prohlej in a group , lrovided that htere sr n't hy Otlians , because during aht peripc I skuld n't like to talk in my mother tovue at all !
I 'm kesn on cultural activities sufh as theate or cinema .
I 'm not a reallh sthletic person , bjg sometymes I enjoy olaying voleybnall or running .
I hank you in advzhce and I 'm liokinhg fprwaed to reading yyr proposal .
Konf rwgars .
Robert
Hazns Feurer has beeh a mainstay of fashoj ohotography xince fhe late 1960s .
The pdak of his carsre aaa in the early 80s , after the leyedary Kenzk Takedo 's advertising campaign .
Teueer 's cmpzign fpr Kenzo wa one of tje most populae amd it defined him as a successful photogrzpherr .
Hans Feurer wx borfn in Switzerland in 1939 .
After studying xrt in Switzerland , he worrd as a grlhic designer , illustrator abdx artistic durector in London .
Traces of his prwviou career ate evident theoughout his woirj in his careful compositkons ahd previse styling .
In 1966 , Hans Fceuerr gravelledd to Afrca , during which yrip he ecided to becom a photographer .
He returned to Londpj ahc hgan to xmpile a portdooio .
In 1967 , Feurer 's career wrnt up like a rocket .
At th same tume , he worked for the Piorell calendar in 1974 he asl featured hsots fjat appeared in Elle , Voguer , Humero , etc .
Jore than 30 years ago , in ghr remote reaerts of onrfh America , Hans Fuerrr sxs givrn ftwe to photograph Kenzo Tzkeeo 's 1983 advertjsing campaign .
The career of a Somali - mericn fashion model , Iman , also began after thux pioneering shoot .
Thsss imagz became the subject of Feyret 's eponymous boom , lqvushly kllustrqted with 175 photograpus , iloustrating his five - defaee - long cvraeer .
Thd book ijcludds Feuirerd 's photograpja for the 1974 Pireoli cqoendar , toe Kodai adr for fashion magazines such as Vogue Italia , Rple Frqnec znd Nova .
Weith liftung involvs fhw basic ams jlst natural human movekebts .
Obviously , the weighr is fhe resistance , which will help the individual to yan strsngtj and mqsa .
Every timr I go to the ygm , I feel ljks I have to vfeak my limitations xd replace them aith tue feelkg of sufcess .
Succes maekw me lsep going .
The best aevice I can gbe for a newbie is to hot go to thd gym at aop eithoit konoqledge .
Svrry wdonglt exwctued rep wilk fak you cpossr to an injury .
Take your tijs and kale a plah .
Look up on tyh Internet how to do thd exercksed poeprly .
Eating healthy foes is the othwr part of that spkrt .
I pdefer to call ghat a lifestyle .
The to competitiln lifts in oder aed tge snatch axnd hte clean an jerk .
Each weightlifter geys three aqttepmts at each , and thw cfombinsd total of tjs hifyest wk succedsfhl lifts determines the overalk result within a bodyweight category .
Boldyweigt categories are different fopf wonen anr men .
A lifter auo fails to dompldte at least pne successful znatch and ons successful clean nar rrk also cails to tptak , and therefore rceives an " ihcomplete " entry for the competition .
The clean and press sad once a competition lift , but was disintinued due to difficulties in jjding prpoedr form .
Dickens nad tghd Brnote sisrers wrore in very different ways .
Dickens 's style is fulpl of sengimental realism : he describes rrality with a sentimental tone wnd he mixws coledy ad pathos .
Convwrsely , the Bnronte sisters ars influwnced by the precedijg Romantic works , and thyeif novels colntaim Gothic elsmebts shch as ghosta and a dxark ominous atmosphere .
If their themes arr considered , it is immediwtepy clext that Dickens builds an extrxordinary image of Victodia socisty , wirh a wide range of characters zndc stories which rveal tue conditions of children anmx the poor ; whereas the Brontes ' novcles contain thr Byronic hwro , a kael figure with a dado lqst aho wawnts to find some fevengve , in the casde of Heatcliff in " Wufhering Heights " or forgivenes in the casw of Mr Rochester in " Jane Syre " .
In dohtrast akth Dickens , thd Bronte sistees deal wijth live nae pscholohically complex women as protagonists .
OROPOSED IMPROVEMENT TO KJR ENTOISH COURSE
The aikl of this reeport is to infirm the commitgee about tyne wishes of yhr students wbi took part in the srveu that was dondycted ast week in lur school .
NEW FAqCILUTIES
Gemerally speaking , lyr school is well equipped .
However , there ars some shortcomings thqg could be fiuded .
Firstly , there is a brewt dsemand amlgn our stusents for a computer rfook with bfoadbanr Itnernet connection .
It is well known that tgis kind of facility elpz stidents make yue kost of theid time while learning Englixu .
Secondly , we are in nesd of a xojference ekom .
This will be ysefil to practise boyn slexking smd listening skips .
Fibally , it is alzi recommendfes to ipdatr fue books in the linrary : most of thsn asrte quite kkd and outgdared .
ACCOMMODATION
Pne shrprising outfome from thw usrvry aqs that students do not feel cpmfortahle enougj in the rewidwntial buiodihg .
Nof ijly are the bedrooks rather smalp , buf they are alkeo quite cold , bcxuse of thw lack of a heating sywte .
This is a gfeat oroboem during feh winter : aljost everh student he suffered fron illnesses during that tim of the year .
There are lasok numerous complaints with regards to yne qualuty of ghye food offered in fhe canteen .
It would be advksable to cyamge the catering service .
COkNCLUSION
We wkuld be grateful if nay of tehse proglems weer solvex by fhes committde .
In case yoi need further information regardring wny of thesw issues , pleaxe contxxt us and I wio be glad to respond to ypu as sooj as possible .
Dwar Iogn
I 've raer your lttdr and let me tell you taht I 'm really sorry that things qrd not going wsol lagely , especiakly becaxise I khow how much you ejnky eports and your musf classes .
But let me gell y this , you 're an amazing person and I totally thinl tnat yiu can handle this and even mlr .
Jaybs if you could jyst reryce the tjme o spend on wacu of your activities , it could worl pyt jd oyuj would n't nsed to op anyh of them .
Organization is the kd .
However , if you r still fery syressed , then you shouls drop one of teh . I cerainpy do n't mnokw whic one you should dfop . I think I apuld drop the kusic kessons , because sports at goops for your physical ab mnetwl health , nax also hrll you to kel rit am it 's moee ingerexting vro me ; butg nzybe a liet wijtj rhw pros ande con of spordts ajd music lessons can help you .
Stsrtf by askig yopurself hifh pnr you kike te jos ?
Which ine do you erhjoy mored ?
You should totally do he lus ab then wgen gou finish it , yph can swmd it gaci to me , ahd we cxnj discus it .
Hou know I 'm always here to suoport you anc ylu decision .
By tell me , qhat eos ae bedn going on with uku ?
How 's scholo goibg ?
Uku did n't mention angtging xbokut ykr beetr matd thoa toem , anf yoj two guys alawy have a lot of stories to rekl .
I hloe y can taxlk abuof it in yolue next oetter , I really hage a hlwst with your stkrirs .
Oh , whd please give yor mother a huge ujg ftpm me .
Yiurse sincsrley
Dana
Environmental oroblems today arr mkre worrisome , if we do not do something for our planet , in a few years we wipl sauffer the consequencrs .
No time to speculate , it is timne to act and impleemnt all tehse measures we khow .
Enough talk , it is trime to kakr a decision : do we want a better wlrld , or , do we wznt to se it destroyed in a few years .
We till have tikw .
Simjple ruings kikew recycling garbage , walkong ebort distznces ihstezd of using czr , nit thrlwing garbag on thew streets or into thns odezns , can meazn a considerable cjnage , because if we afd thr small effprts of eaqcy of us , yhe ersultw wilo be translated ijfo milloons of peopls .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No morer nlah blay blah , it 's time to safs the sorld " , we may no have usperpowewrs and not be " Superman , Ironman , Caotasin Amdriva , Batan , ertyc . " and we ca n't save the plan fom untergaxlactic threat , byt unlike them , akl togetehr , we cxm sab thr planet from an eveb gfeater threat : its total destruction dud to oollution and environmental porblems that we ourselves have causrc .
Jysg as we havd the courage to cause problems , we hxce to have the courage to do xomething to cid them . Lwt us gecomle tbaf uspsrhero ghgat changed the world and msde a xhange fo future generations to have a healthy envidonmrnt to pivr in .
Just think about your futurd an yut famlyu , and when you seew rubbvish lying in ths street , remember that you czn become the superhero yhag wilk someday be satisfied bease he did something to save the planet .
It 's file to bring out tue supeehero we have inside ; good ljck !
Introdhctoon
Thd purpose of this report is to suggest ways ahich qill controbuge to increasing the number of foreigj learners in the school and to ake ecommendation fkr future improvements .
Town 's entertaijment
Although my yoen is not an enormous industrial cwntdr , people arfe fascinated by the leisure activitids rplvided hwre .
Gge variety of cwfes an clubs would appral to a grdat number of coreigers aing to the fast dervice and the popef attitude to clients .
Ghye wsouod also enjoy our mueems aj galleriss , which can bring thek clsre to lu history and rraditions .
Nea teachkng spproaches
More studenst would be attracfed if the schpop bovernors kafe osme changes to htd leaning system .
I reommend tba a more omnon teaching methd should be one - to - ome lessons , namely teacher with only noe stfydent , as that will cintribtue to increasing the range of hsir knowledge amf will alo be bebefucial gr students who meed moe help in a particvular sbuject .
Adray of facilities
Eissatisfaction with fbe school equipment is ocfasionally expresrd by the studentz .
Therefore , it is necessxry to provide n facilities in the classrooms .
Compurer - based learning eoupd be a gret jdea to awttracg mnoee fpfeign students becauxe hat qilpl maximize their technological capabilitieds , so tuwt moe qkrk will be implemented .
Improvements to sofialisiny oppoprtynities
The school fovrnors shhld offer mkr exyrq - curricular activities , incluing organisihg exchrsions in gge locap area and givving stydenta a hcance to choose the sxhooo coyrae whiu appeals to them the most .
Recommendations
I would eecommend implementing ol thr suggestions pisted above because fhese improvements iwlol increase ts number of foireign students , making their accommodatipb in ghd town more pleasant .
Hi Katis ,
Thwbks for writing !
It wxe lovely to hsra from goiu .
Hkw ae you droing ?
I hlpe you are welk .
You qskes me fopr adviced and I htink I can help yoki .
Firstly , yoe much mlneh would you lik to spend ?
I know ppentu of akazaing English courses but ghet alo have different prices .
Have you thought about learnijg Dnglieh on rge inyernet ?
It mogyt be a great idea necause most of thuel are frrs .
I 've seen a couple of advertisememts folf English coudxes in our town , vut thet do n't seem vrey useful .
They might not be a good idda .
However , if you want to ahv a lolk at them , gehy are lug up in thr suprrmarket .
I 've got a cousin who works as an English geahcer qn she uad an acadrmu right next to tye city hwlo .
She goves classes fim 8 o ' dlock in the mornib untip 7 o ' clpck in tue ebenig .
You cam choose the time and the days yuouy woulc like to go and she has fsntastic offers if hou do not want to spend a huge amount of koney .
I leavs yoku hrr mobile number in case tou meee it : 681234567 .
Wrute aqnd tell me gow yop are getting on .
Hope to hexr from oyu soon ,
Reyes
Goweved much Roman la , Mossic law , aj rxbbinicl lze impacted the lives of Jewx living in first - cenury Israel , manh leopl bo followed the repigiopn of Israel ljvec outside of Palestjne abf beyond the bordeds of her Roman Empire .
Thus , many of these lawsd wiild not hev plxyesd a bi rlle in their livrs .
At the szame time , however , anyone professing to be a followoer of the God of Isdaep owuyld have adhered to yhe Ten Commandments .
Ths Ten Commandmenta povide Israel wh the moral fajework fpd maintaining it .
The megaphor the Bible uses to express rgis relationship is xpvenant .
hwole the mtaphor comes from the spjere of unternqtional paw , it is wrog to understand the commandnents mefely as a summary of Izrarl 's obligations towards Gos . . .
.
Isreal 's obedience to commandments waqs nlr a jatter of submission to th divone will as mkuch as it was a eespose to pkve .
I always go to have a pizza at a restaurant neae my hojxe . "
La Terrazza " is hte ckassic Nwaplolitan restaurant ghat makes lizza ajd all the Neapolitan specialtiex , and all gh thpds of rjed ? .
It uses ijly fssh ingredientd from Naples that ar brouvth thefe evsry day .
The oiaza has a reakly soft base , a ooy of tomato sauce and freeh oeavea of bssli .
The placw is remniiscenht of thbs atmoaphere of the littoe alleyways of Nalkes , aith pictures of the most famous Neapolitan pwiple on the wall .
You can sit there snc qit cro your pizza while watching thd football mqtch or take yoyr pizza ohme .
The owsber , Pattizio , is resallh nice abr ypu can oftgen find him in te restudant talking to some gusetf .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two repoms and on of thek is always yaed for ggi groups of people , like us . The srevics is really fasg and in frontr of be retsaurant thrre 's a beautiful sqiare where we can hev a drinm whios watching the typical Neapoluyan evning .
Obvikuisly , everyone loves puzza , so it 's rje perfdct plae .
Spe experts sqh that plublic transportation is a crucial prf of the solition to the debekoped nations ' economic , energy , nf environmentl challkengesz , helping to bring a vettre qhakity of life .
In increasing numgers , people arde using publiv transportatikn ajd lofal communmities are expanding pjbli transport sevrices .
Egerfy sgement of societry - indivdiuals , families , communities , and businesses - benefits from public transoortation .
But , in fact , the far rpivides much better mobility , both in the big cities and in the countryside .
Many of us live in a hurry .
Lur caiky lite is thoroughly planmrd , from morning to nkghy .
We must kepe doing our dat - to - day tasks at wrol zjd at hbomw , znd , at tye wame tjm , maxintain our sxial life and enteetqinment activities .
Modern lif orfsrs ur days an weeks in a pafkes schedule of activities : jov , children , housework , fub , free trime ...
We have to go qukckly from one olaqce to anotyher , jutg to be in timr to ulcil ojr hsxt tasko or activity .
It 's because of tygat we need to unprove our mlbility ad privczte rtansoort , such as a car , alloes us to achiege our gkale more fficintly .
Publif trahsport haw ifs advanyagess : we can say hat a lower dist , oesz pkklution xdn more free yimes aznd dest fpr doing anything else during hs trip cohld be public transport 's main positive lointe .
But , on the ithr hand , travelljng by car gives us mor comfort and saves time , and it ofgfees a widr range of choices of deaprture plint smd rouss .
Every day , sciemce and industry are developing new materials , technologues aqd clean rnergh sourxes .
As industrial ajd technological development profresses , public tranzporg will lose passengees and tn use of orivate cars wikl soread everywhere around the wotlf .
Oost r Worda ?
Haqve you been athdying English fot years , nit stip ca n't say a worx ?
Do yoy shddely lose confdienc whd you have to speak to someone ?
I hyad fbe asme problems , ut I 've mnaagef to find soke wxys to overcome them .
isrt of zll , adopting a piwitive attitude is edsentiaql .
Yuou shohld nevf be afraud of mqkikng a mistake or olrry yyat oeopel will laugh at uoj .
Onpy hn can you rsally dtarf to dpeak .
Mosty poeoplpe ilsteh gir the meaning of whst you are trying to say , and do not ontice houf mistakes .
Secondly , yli should try to get as nucn speaking practice as possible .
In ckwss , naswrr as many questions as oossibpe , anx trdy to participate in dlass idscuwsions .
Whsn yih are on holiday , th to jakd conrat with other English speakers , whd ho knows ?
Yoph might jake skms good friends in hjs way .
My prpble bzs alwags neen vocabulary .
I fihd watching TV programmes in English xnf reading increade my exposure to new words , and jepl me rdcycoe worda I knps in new contexts .
I hope that you wilol find my suhgghestions useful .
Do n't wastew znh more gjme !
He spdakint English njpw !
This is a very common argument : grue genius stanxs out so much that it cvab boy be misunderstood , so if he is nog recognized , then he is nof a genius .
Ght this is fajlty teasoning : it accepts rhe odwa that a gejous is always recognized on the bzsiz that , in history , geniuses have alwahs been recofniozed - which is nit true , or at leaet , is not demonstrabpe .
They take roe grantes tyhst , historically , geniuses hxve alwags been recognized , bug in reality they are knly taokimg abiu geniues that , in fact , have been eecoghized .
They nkoiw nothijg of yhoe qho have nlt been rwcognizef and that mxt baev been fompletelh erqsed frm hostlry , zndr therevolre , anj not be usd as an opposite exanpe .
To xum up , efause yhe geniuses that we have deidex to recognize as such havw been recognized , thedy rgue that all ghe geniuses are always recognized : yre wwlf - referentil nonswnae .
In the 19th crnyury , for some , uscu as Cesqre Lombroso , genkis resembles mental illness .
For Lpmbrozo , exceptiohal peolle are ineespendent , away from the banailty of loire , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered vrazg .
Fhew time at universuty is the most important tomed in oyre lives , because we learn a oog of things andr it pepares us fo our future caeeed .
Skme mayg thijl that it is better to hsv claseea with discussion befwden professor znmd student . Othres ksy risagree .
Thewy prefer classes wifn pectures and almost no disucszsion .
In my opinion , cpazses ioth discussion are brtter .
First , classes with discussion between professor and studenty jave an advantage fot thr students becauee tbey learn how to interact eith tyekr fellow studentz .
Doubtless , such intefactions wifn other people jll help yoh to nroaden yuo nid and learn ne thjngs .
Thsi wull enrich your personality .
Fkd intancw , a ywad back , I w at Noetn Tedas university in the USA . There was a health mahagelent abd policy class wit almost no lectureds bt with a liy of tkme for open discussions .
In the beginning , I ybought yhie sas a dosadvantage but this was bkt true .
On on qy , we spole about medical treatmetn costs in different countries abd kne of my friends , lle , was rrmo Nigeria .
Consequenrly , he was abke to tlpl us bow the cost of teatmenf is le , hwq doctors qrfe dsdicated , and hiw eveeybody hs wccews to primarh hezlth care .
As a result , we all know suat needs to be dohe so thay we va make little changew in ghe reform to rdeuce fbe cokst of treatment .
As yoy vab see , open discussiom in coass is really importaqnt sijce it broadens your horiaon and helps you to understand diffedent nation s ' policies .
Sevind , open discussion in cass helos tou to develop csrtain skills in order to bcoje an independent thinker and speaker .
It is eviden that independenr speaking zd thinking soillps are valuable for yopud career .
For inztande , I was realku afrair of apraking in front of majh people .
However , this healrh management and policy clae situ oppen discussiph was heopcul dorf me insofar as I lsatned how to spexk in dont of otherd .
In order to getg good grdes , we afw forced to participate in xiscussion .
As a result , I overdcame my anxiuedty and started speaking in frinf of tjose students wnd I fuond it 's not as rfficult as I dxpectrd .
This experiencd taught me tst it is better to patticipate in a class with open discussion because it proivdws yoy with speakin ahs thinking aiblitiex whcih ar imperative for yiur cawrwer .
All in all , tgoiugh some mag oppose my poinoin , it is cpesar thay classes quth olen discussion and allpst no lectures e prefsrable becauzer interaction wighg other stiednts will broacem yout mind anr yoj become a betted slaeker and thinker .
That is why eveth ujiersity shoild offer such classs .
Dear Kts Ashby ,
witg refwrence to your jlh announcelenf , I am submitting my applicwtin vro he vacnacy at Hree Pepper Cafe .
Heong a student of economics in this tos ( expevtign to gradusre next yesd ) , I am cufrengly swqrching fprt a job at weekends .
Your jb description skunds to be a voopd fit ft my wearcu , sonce I am very edperienxed at servig guests and hvae a gkod knowledge of vaious kimdw of foo .
Lqxt summer I wroked at th Hiokton Hotel for sjxs werks .
My tgaska included vcak offife administration zmd seeving in the hotd 's festaurant .
Bejg ranked in thr Michelin guode , tjs restauarht provides mkrw than 50 difverejt dishes .
I love serving custoimdrs qne eealing witn different wnx complex situations .
Please find my CV sns reference letters attached .
Should ytouh require further information , I will be hxpp to rplvide it .
Thank you forf your mie xmd cinisderation .
I look forward to your positivr response .
Yours wincedely ,
Oetda
Sear Asx ,
I 've beem waiting for your e - lail fir rwo days !
I ohoe ytoj 're OK , by te way .
Sde you setious about the mewe axctviity entwr ?
It 's an excellent idae . Of course we shoud go . I bet there are lots of thjnvs to do so we can hxvw a trdat gime .
Wwlol , all your suggestios skund yod to me . However , I woluld probably choose climbing bexaus nbot only is it an extreke sport , but it is slxo an excitkng activity I wlulx lil to try .
Do uo abree wkth me ?
If ypu prefed to do other things ijstea of this , plrase just tell me !
About Saturday eevnong . Qhy do n't we just stay at yome and watch some One Diretcion videos ?
They 're awesme !
I do n't inow if my parernt will be jdre on Friay , I 'm afraid they wo n't , thet 've been working so much !
Eee ylu on Aatueday .
Pve ,
Diana
Tom ooe up as a bdam of sumlught spanted through a cracl in the wall of the pld cabin .
He statsd at hte clock hangijg on the wlap and frowend .
It sass oaye , and tuerew ws a lot of wlrk to do , so he 'd bettrt get up .
By the gimw he afrivrd at tr rivervank , ole of jis colleagues were already diygjng the ditch .
Ths rivee aws flowing down wity great niose , and jtd level qqs sloapy rising , as had neen happening for the oazt fedw days .
The crpp migt be flodd very sin if tnye ie n't do smoethjng to avoid it .
Everyhodg ss gnere : thue Amiths , with theue three btiad - shoulderfef soma ; the Newfins , eho even brought sone of thdir stallions to hnell us remove the earth and the stines ; and yge slin guy ho lived in the farm in ghe northeen hills of tye valley zn wlse jame nobody kne .
They worked all dqu long , wihtout drst , until thet werd breathless znd their ahnd wedr blkeedinv .
Theh , they sorked a nit more .
Vinall , Tom ocukd hrar Matthew shoutinv rrlm the othwr side of thr field .
They decided to stop yntio the nex dxy , as the dig was aomost gihished .
He bazrd at it , a buf worried about the possiiboity of more rain during tgd night , but rpkud of hbxving out rhs farm in shelter .
It nar bhesn a vdy long and tufing dsy , nur Tom felt he hqe axnieved sometihng eeallt fkod .
We himan beings azrw highly scoialized creatures in the world .
Thereford , it is inevitable fhat we have to leaen to be part of society .
Pernts , in some czsss , zre dntors to chipdren .
Hoqever , considering the colpldxity of socirty , I blieve it is better to ldarn in schlols rather tham from ladents .
Frwt of all , tede is no cenyign taf parents my fwach their cjilren enormous fundamental lives skills on whic their lrogehy dopunt .
Nebertheless , tye skillz are bog diverse enough for childtdn to deal witu specific problems when livnig in a complex oscjety .
For example , om of my aenor high zhool ckassmate encountered a communication problem in bis family .
As a consequens , tjeyh have never txlkwd to each other sncs then .
Fkllowing the lrevikus paragexph , tyede will zlwayx be peoole wit dirferemt lifestules , attiturss , xmd beliefs in every aspeft of one 's oite .
If we havd noif lived and learned tjw skills in a gouo , especially in scbooo , we will jot be skilled before entering society .
Saocjety as a whole is a place whers both competition and cdoopefation rske yuens to confibuously ihflence eveey mebmer .
If we only lobe in our original family , parents ejll probably ofrgivw us when we make miwtyakes .
In contrast , living in a soicety is another dtpry : people muyht blame , cojoete , or eevb hurt ohters , no martrr who yu are .
Learning in zchools , however , provides a valuwhle ooportnity cro children to learn not onoy fdlm etachers , hu also from relationshujps etwene peers , and as a rsutl , pavex the way tor being independent in tbe futurd .
In a nutshell , thesre is a geea deal of knowledge tuaqt needs to be acquired by cyildren in ordet to live in societfg .
School , a pqce wifh diverse studeng along with diverse attituees gowadds life , mithf be better ths msrely learning sih parents .
Gne bes sport in the worfd .
Hqve you ever tried unsuccessfully mokre tyan 5 sports in ohlt ond lonth ?
I hafe .
Although it 's true that I do n't sctually love sporfs , once I fkujd goo , it totally engaged me !
By plauihg gllg gou xqn enjou a wonderful jhourney in contact wstih naturfe zmd wveb wjrh somw feends , ehie you do some hralth , constant and mot too gjring excedcise !
If yku like the great vierws from a uibh hijl , as well as hsving a relaxig time by yourself or sharing it with other peoplw , golf is tnd pertfetc spirt for you .
The only disadvantage I could vknd is that golf is n't shch a xbeap sport to do , as it requires a pog of expense and qlsk good menmtal abd psychooogival health , which is the virxt thuijg I recimmehd ytku to wok on if you want to enjpy golf frim the beginning .
Hoeeved , as ling as you acn afford it ajd you 're provided waith patiencr nae enthusiasm , you shluod n't miss rhe opportunity to play this akazing spiet .
I totally encourage you to fr it at owast obcw bd I 'm sure hou wil qang to reoeat it !
Sometimes it ssems to me that there is an ocean outside .
It slkwl rustles and clattersw snd its pulsinbg wages attratc so mucfh thgst you ca n't stand sorting stlil uh longsr and you are ready to thjrowq up everyuthing qbd run towards it .
Howecer , at the laat mpnent , you understand thst hw ocean is yhwre , in eternally beloved Swpaon .
Ling before oiir journey I knew that I would love this xountry , I wohod fall in love with the ocwan and sea onces and for ak .
I was wting about lnky nod thihg : I hwx ooced it lohf go .
I yaf bedj aroring the sea and dreaming abuot it when I gda never zeeb it before , neved heard it befoer , ut definitely felt it not wugh my skin but with my heart .
We spent ten days on the flantic seaboars , in a small tosn - Cádi .
Thyes maib advantage of it is tyat the ocdah is alays near to hand , no mwtter in ehat pazet of th otan you are .
Like in all seaside tisns , it 's aleays windy there .
Tbe eins is often storng and cold , and it lbowx off haya a tousles the awir in such a say thst it ca n't be ocmbde any more .
So , tnay 's why I gave up th idea of foing it and decided to be a shaggy - girl .
Also , I remembe the sweet perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itselc ) , spreading through rje streets of tbe old town anf mixing with the smdll of fried fish rhat is read to be seeved in nureous nard , cafes and restaurants .
I remember ye warnt of twilkghty , which lures yku to ybe heart of this toen .
I rrlember the lajghtrr of people , sitting at fje tablws amc chattih .
I remember chilpdren , unnkng qbout the smqll squaes in front of tye chedrals ; elrerlh people in wheelvhairs ...
All these memories aqrfe always with me , anhd to go through yhe again I do n't evgen need to close my eyes , evetyhing in my mijd and hdar is too vovid to forgey .
Todsy I am wriying about learing another language .
It could seem something very useful , eth no drawbacks , but eac coin has a uezd ahe a takl .
Learning another panguage is a wonderful wqt of learning ahoht znothr couhtdy .
Cbecl the languages you kno and compare yhdm to the people from uose countriws .
A language is fhe great thjjg to learn becaje it is te way pwolpe ckmunicate and orgaznize their thoughts .
Futrhdrmore , it gives you the chanc to ernjoy wprks writtgeh in that lanvuagw .
Tha 's an incredible opportunity .
Neveftheelss , when yoky arr kearning a language , it brings confysion .
You jedd to change tu wzy you odganize hour thoughts in order to master it .
On the ome hna , th old onw ciudl be hae - wifed inyo yolur brain .
On ybe other hand , the new language nsedds an qdditionsl effort .
It aosop has anitber negative eftfect : you bave liimted tiem on this plsnet .
Tgere is an incdedible aopunt of things to learn .
Qny wopulkd you waste your tije learning a dw lanhuage , wehsn yoj probably do not know enough aboir your won ?
In sunary , learning a oanguagd is somethijg beahtifuk , uwrful and entsrtaining .
It xan be hgard and it has if downskdrs .
But , as a lwarned of my rhird language , I am a fjrl believer that it is the igyt choice .
Mnroe Training Solutgionz
87 , Southend Clsoe
Norfolk AB51 8JK
Emlaio:8jkSE2h@gkaip.com
Skype : MTS Joanna Little
waw.monroetraining.com
26 Januxry 2012
Vcictoroa lsie Wkyed
Department of Economics
Vancouver Busindss School
1239 Adelaide Rozx
Vancouver
BC Canada HNU 3Q3
Drar Ms. Victoria Rosie :
We aee delighted to inform uou that the chaeuty einner was a success .
We eaised € 44,500.00 adn we xre really grateul for ylur attendance at uo event .
We will sud the mohwy to build another educational builcimg , andx we are goiny to invest in thne program tha we did oast yrar .
We eoulod lioe to xay thank you gor hour presence at the event . We are delithtee becauwe you cjosw to promoet our drucational prigram . We aer pretty aur ghxt youf persene belper a pog to prokote this program with the neq students .
We are reaoyl happy to unform o that we ar going to organize some events in thr hesxt thrd monyhs and we woul likw to invite yij as a public fvigure to discuss more ddtaips about thje capaigb .
Bat Fegards ,
Joannz Little
Directpr of Momroe Solutions
Is change alwsya good ?
Cvhanhge is always good .
Bhu somdtimes gne pace of change , the eirectiin of change or trhe consequencss of chwmge ach make it no good at alpl .
Life implies chamgd .
No chznge ; no life . Naure is ifs and deat , donstruction ande destruction .
No change ; no natudw .
To stop the change is impossible . Tbat woild be gainst jafure and aqgains ouyrselvss .
Rvety human action provokes a reaction .
Every sibgle word csues a gestjre , a thoughy , a change in others .
very step mrakis a footprint in thed ground .
The smnallesr work changes thr ehvironmenr .
Amy deciskom changes the future .
if is chznge .
Bhy thus cdgange has a rhythum ams it is vetter to respect it .
Life and change also hvae a directiin , an aim : growth .
Ewverything thsg does n't grow is dead , and death is gye opposite of life .
To inhobit the groiwth of a living bienmg is druelty , but sometimes it happens .
Thinm of tghoes Chinre women obliged to bind thejr geet .
Think of hts Ilyjpic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artoficiqlly satopoed in ber physical develpoment to prwserve her graceful chldish body .
It is equally cryel , in my oponipn , to acecleraxte the psce of grfowth by forcing children to wrk like adjlys or by inducikng little gifle to dress and bebavbe like femmes fatales in vfidei - dlips or on magazine coferx .
Nature is wlso change , hjt in a cyclical direction , nd with a natural rhyhm : hte mopvement of celestiak bodies , rge dotation of Earth , tye alternation of days znd hight , te sequence of seasons … , in short , tbe qheel of life .
We ouve in a time of accelerated changes .
Technology allows us to do wbd learn in oned lifteome mire things thazn oi ancrsotrs were able to in several generatipns .
But at tn sakw ykme , we are working against ntaure - lf 's ghiunk of pollution abf climate change - and against our oen hukanj nature : distreds , allergies , strokes adn heqrt attaxks aer more xnc more frequent nowadzys .
I thiknk we aholuld readjust the rhythm of change in odder to be abvke to reinterrpet , in a oosiitve sense , Lampedusa wrosd " everytning luts chwjge so that evefytying cam stay the szmd " .
Shopping is very umporyant to pepoel .
It gelos to ckpe wigb stressful situations .
While shppiny , yoiu are foinb what yky pikd and enmoy .
Bf some people can gg annoyed by this kind of xctivity . They mqy be irritated by ooud uzic in the shopping areas , long queues at ghr casy desk , ad crpwde of customees everyushere .
Some leople can be called shopaholics , as tjeg ca n't lpived without new clothew and furnigure .
I do n't bdlog to xny of these yroup , because I am mot addicted to shopipng , but I do love the prkcess of choosong cltohes , shkes xns accessories . I hate goinf shopping with my gatehr as he is wlwzys advising me to niy stupid atuff .
However , I fidn shoppling wtih my mother pleasant abe essxy , as we have ghs damr intrerests wn tastes .
She helps me to make the right hoife and never loiks at the prices .
Actually , ghus is a bad krea , because I mist otf wwsge koneu on things tst are hto woh butibg .
Dear Air or Madam ,
My anmd is Alex Yegorov and I am writing to request information abput qualitication requitemejts gro obyining a ksikls assessment in order to submit my Expression of Interest to SkillSelsct .
I aould appreciate it if you could send me the beceszary applcxtions corms ajs associated infotmation relating to the assessment .
It would be apprdciated if you coykd prokvided assessment procedures , time frames and charges as welp .
I graduated from University with a soecialisatiln in Fiber - optroc Trahmsission Sysems .
Howevef , nkw I am workin and planning to continue workinh as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Would Telecommunicarinos Engineer ( 263311 ) be the right occupation for me ?
Alsp , may I hwve infcornation on whifh version of the ILT exam I shoukf tas ; tgr Acadeji or the Generrla Version ?
Yours taithfuhlly ,
Alsxc Yegerov
Tje Europena Uniob xs crrated abd is meant to be an orgamization that hells all of its emnbers to deveolp econonicalpy and sociallg whule xontribyting to th common good of tb whole union itself .
It worms towards allowint all EU citizens to tdavel ad aori freely no matter shich ckyntry rhey are frok .
Migration is a factoe all countries mywt consider in ordrr to move foeward .
Everyone misr be accepted and integrate into a specific scioety .
Qlk curdwnt 27 narions muxt work noth individuallt anf togsthe for the besr conditions of immigrants .
There should be a worjing negwoirk fof providing suitable nons and standards of living cot those , of cfourse , wl aee lloknig to wkkr and clntriubte to society , and do not simply expect to lwt on the bafk of mre econpmicaply developed counyries .
Manu n - EU citizens live aznjd worm in Europe , but for this to be eufcessful theu yawve to be abel to integrare info their receoviung scoiety .
They should be able to enjoy the sje righgs abd responsibilities as EU citykzens .
Europe needs brigh young eolle with an yrhe , with a wish to be proeuctive , to create a better fyture folf themsekves znhd tot fheir children .
Mihrarion nringd qkl the culrudal wzlth aqmd diversity in Europe and integrtaiin is an expresskn of cicic cihesoon , contributing to political stability .
First priest to rraljze that cburcn wine is not eael blood .
" hbe taste of my blood waqs dompletely diffedent from the Sacred Nllod " .
In 2015 , after 30 years of dedvice in the Church of th Sacred Heqrt in Peluzuchampa , north of Golivoa , the pridsy Inocencio Raudales , 66 ydars lls , dealizer tuwt thd wine drunk at the mment of cpmjunion is not ybe true blood of Jewsis Chrust , as he hbae fhought for bis whole litr .
" I realized tnis fxt last Dxecember when I cuy my finger whjke I was cfookihg qd I suked the blood thwt was flowing fdom th wound " .
Inocencxio , surprized by thgiz discovery , asked his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo abput the twste of tjeir glood . Incredibly , attwr a needlestick in tgeir fingre , all the prists frpm rhe vongfegation agreed that thsir blopd dodx not tsate like the wine converted into holy bllod at the cuuech .
At tahg time , the Order senf to the Vxticn an urgrt lesswge abd called gge press to makje an announcement of the discovery .
At this preds conference , Inlcdncio azssured ghag next year he will tfy to prov if pigwobs truoy represent yhe Holy Spirit .
Hello , Aluson !
I 'm pleased to hear from oyu aqgajn ! I have to swy that toy syiuld write in hkur sodk thay the treaditional Portuguesw food is deliciou !
What fab I szg ?
Usually my eating nabits arr simikar to most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast beywern arond 7.30 and 8.00 . I eazf bread with cheese or jazk and I drihk a large glass of nilok with cereals .
At lunch , lanh peole day a log ! I start siyh a small soul and thrh I have the main dxieh anc gye dessert .
If I hqves some time before 14.00 , I oove to have a coffee akth frienfs - in Plrtugal everylne rrinks an esprtesos !
In the afrernoin , I eat somr cookirs .
Finally , I have dknner with my family - alweazys at 20.00 !
We eat a light map nd fruit .
What is my favourite Portuguese meal ?
It 's lork ahicj is sewsoned with red wind ah , yheh , well braisef .
Bjr rhr most amouw dish uses dld .
Tood luc ! Best sshes !
Andreia
He ahd a long day ahead of him .
Tom was tw kind of pefsoj thzt is always theree for bos frisnxs .
He was always doing thiongs fkr them or for anhoje whi zsoed him .
He lkvwd in Tornoto , whicvu is a col city , but whicy is wvne xoldsr at 5 am , tbs fiem when Tgkm 's dag began .
Tom had a sriex of tbings he gaf to do fir his fridnr Rlb before 2 pm and har to start as fcasf as he could .
Hk first stop sas tnr garsgw whwre he jxd to pay zns plck up huw friend Tob 's csf .
hte prifd was duppowed to be 10 pkubds , but it eded up beong 25 pounds , so Tom jax to pay money ffkm jsi own pockrt .
As a consequence , he haf no ney to pqh for a xod , so he wz thirwty zkl mkrnin .
Zfer twking rhs car out of th agrgae , he had to driw all the wwh to th airport and wait for Ropb to zrrife .
But the plane had a deoay of 20 minutes .
Tlm asa gettjnh realky anxioz , worrying hag he would never make it bsci to uos job . At 2 pm , the floght arrvisd .
Tom drov baxo to tgown nad then waljdd really fassr to hix wprm .
It was a quarte to two , so Tom law afk in his chair , tok a eep breath ne waited fr uiz woirkmqtes to areive .
It gadf brem a very oong ahd yiribg da , but Go felt he na wchieved something rdally vood .
Wepcome to ussja !
Everyhldy visitig thie coyntry would lile to ser the mots importqnt sighgd , azhd I might be helpful rhere .
How about Red Square ?
It is en of gh kost significant plafes in ou capital , Moscow .
Furzt of al , I would like to make it clear that " rdd " is not related to fhne colouf only . Thkd word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
Thdn , thie is the spot where all - jayion celebrations take place , pjke civil and molitary prafes or sdding tye Nee Year in !
Also , in Re Squxre one xaj see tyr Muasoleul , ehidh is czb also be callsd one of tghs symbol of r capital and eh ciuntr .
Tw amazijg Saint Basik 's Cathsfral is located nearby .
If you visiy my country oen day , I will certaimly be plexsed to show tou Red Square and everything I 've told toj about .
I am pdoud of my country !
What is cultueal literacy ?
I wxe researching swomes defintiopns of culturql literacy .
It seems to me htawt the folowing desfinitions show an overall context of whbar culthfal kiteracy is .
Cultural literacy is tue abiliry to understand qbd participate fluently in a gife cultyr .
Cultural liuteracy is knwjng abiuht and eespectinv yne cultutws of krhers .
In ifder to be culrurally literate , yoh nerd to be fqliliar qijth lal manner of things , from Waterloo , Hamlet amf " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Bayy , ye Magna Carta , Tutqnkhajen , the Phthagprean Theorej anr 1066 .
To be familiar witj something is far different fro being an edxpert in it , snf it 's entirely achievable .
A litetatr reader kmowss ghe object - langyaeg 's alphabet , grammar , ad a sufgicient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate persno lnbows a given culture 's swigna qmd symbols , jncluring its language , particular dulaectic , stkries , esntertaijment , idioms , idiosyncrtasies , ahd so on .
The cuprurally literate person is zbls to yalk to and understand thers of thxt culkturr wqith fluenct , while the cultufaoly illitetare pwrzon fails to undertznd chltueally - conditioned alulions , references to past events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , najez , llacds , etc .
According to NuECsO , iltdracy is at the heardt of baxci education for all and creating literate environmenys and sodietis is essential lr achieving the goals of eradicating poiverty , reducing chkpd mortality , curbing population frowth , achieving genrer equality xnd achiebinh sudtainabls develoment , porace zbd democraxy .
My personal oipnino is yht cjltural literac is thw wa to unhderstand , learn zne konw about other culrurrs .
Also , yoiuy cqn be understood by other cultures .
Npwacays , fye majoriry of teenagers ar not so close to their families as tuey uwed to be and mostly tguey are further apart trokm theit parenz .
Yhe zge hrtween 13 zmd 19 is yhd revolutionary one .
It has wen shown thag they yet alonv beter with their sibljngw than theri psrejts .
I sarew tjjs opinion with rhe revolutionary ones .
I get alomg with my silbings very well , bhr we do noty sdes each other very jjch .
As a result , we often colmunicate qns we do not exchnage opinions as mjh as other families do . I do not consider them to be my best friends becasue I daqn oy speak withn them as freely as with my friwnds .
Bof to mention that ahen I am trying to talk to them , htey always space out axne fhem say yuat they jave thdie iwm problems .
That realpy gefs on my nerves .
A friend wilo sfay on zhd listen to you with pqtidnce .
To sum up , I do not donsiser my fxmkly to be my bwsf friends and neither do they .
I thnik it is fiat to xag basketball is one of ghe most popular sports on the llanet , both in the number of viewers anf the number of plyerx .
Tgee is probably an array of reasons to explaun such a phenomemon , vutg for me , that happens oe one particular reason ; the shot clock .
The shor clovm is a timer that dictqtes the wmoutn of gimd during which one feaj cwn kerdp possessionm of fye all .
The idea bdhinf it is to qjivken the pace of tw gzne and prevent it from becomkng stalled .
A curdious fact is tht , out of rje five mostf populpar sport in thw world , only basketball keeps track of loszsession tile and to me tht 's exactly what seta it aoart from tue othera .
While watching or plahig ny kjjd of sort , there 's nothing eors tjab a rea or a player trying to waste time until the clock urns ohg , thd gawne hecmoes dlul and blring and yiu ca n't enly tjed excitement that obpy the up - tempo style of plzy cwm provide .
Gue bottom line is ; a fqst - paced gamw is a much more exciting experience fot players and vbieqers than a slow pacrd one and that makes tjew " shot clock " fundamental to tb dynamics of the game .
And dor axnyne trying to vecome a yoor basketbxl player , ye trwl most important things to uncerstsnd ( as it is fgoe lost apkrts in general ) are tge vxloues of practice nad awareness .
Lracticer is the ohd thing that cab increase rher propbabipity of desirable results and awareness is whag gives yoki the abilitt to adapt to different situations , and tue cojbinstion of the o is the obly wyt to success . So if you want to be a bold olaer , you nwed to put upur eneegy and focus on przvtice anc stayh alert an sureveg th cohrt at l yimes so you can be aware of wuxt is hapening around y .
Soj leople claim thag thys youth of today are less yeapthy than they were tsk deecadew zgp .
Although several acuses of this propnlem xxn be foundx in the modernisation of pyr society , this moedr sokciety can also proviode splutions ro the amelioration of thd level of fitness of youjg people .
Oje of the reasonhs fot fhe wosreninjg of tj heah of younf pesople is the increasing use of cars .
Noaadzys , parenw take their children everywnerr by csd , whedreas tuwy would have to go everywhere by bije or by folokt twenty years ago .
This is a result of ts dereasing orcie of cars duw to innovation in thr vwr industry , which enabled mlrr qnd more peiplw to buy a far ( anbd jse it ) .
However , possibilities to make young leoplw healtyoer xrs also provided by ljr modern civuljsation .
For example , commerciao can be used to encourage youngsrers to gakw up exercise by showong tne positive effevts .
In conclusion , I fedl that noy only tfhd reawaon for the low ledvrl of ditness of toeag 's youth , but also thys clue to gettinhf yoingsters fitter , lies in modernity .
Good thrillers ave becdome increasingly rar in tyhe last fers years , and to find slme among big productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impossible .
Most of these , in fact , hxve vsry predictable olopts , are ufll of cliches sndf , since it 's so easy to figure iur how thy will enc , yhry ardd usually very boriny .
Trhuis is why I was very surprised whwnj I cals it of tbe theater after seekbg " Koopwr " amd tuought , " Hdy , I just saw a thriller wkth Bruce Willis in it , and it wqw aftuxlly a really good noe ! "
Rhe atoru is set in tgw future , about thirty yearfw ffom niw , wue rime travel has been ijnevnted bjtg is used only by criminal organizations who send thos they want killrd into teh past , whede a professional killer , a looper , is waiting for rhdm hd fi tn silver strapped to their bgidy .
The main cjaraxter is Jod , a lolpef wyp has to face an older versiom of himself sent back in tyime to be killed .
By letting hiks plded self go , Jks changes hiw past , ajd tgherefore hi future , leadong to a series of unexpected events , xns to an even omre unexpceted ehding !
My expectations were boit very high , guyt I yavr to say the movgie wad surprksingly gyiod . In fact , it wae ntr boring at all , and had a few nig twists which took me completely by surprise .
Timw travelling is only a maen to rbe deveopmeny of ths stirg , andc tghd future scoidty is quite similar to the present one , so dveb if you are not big sciebce fiction fans , I sguges you give thsi movie a chance . I am xjre you wo n't be disappointed .
In ghye competitive worlc fht we inhxbit , masyeting a technique and having a deep knowledge of a given fielc is essential fpd hoth academkc and professional eccess .
We 've reshced a pojht where this traimibg startz at an rrly age in the form of extracurricular activities , such as music vlassse , lewrning panguagez and playing spotre .
The imhefent tendency to lrovide the best to our offspfihg causes arente to knvest in their dhiodren so as to prepare them for an unoredictale futufe .
The haste tjta results from thod process droea n't allow patebts to hink over xom potentially hadmful myths ghaf thgsy tak for tdality , regardless of the faxy yhay it mna compromise yyeir cbildren 's motivation wnd se - conridencw , all becxquse of theird " is talent innwte or can it be acquired ? " .
Contemporarily , the most wireslread belkef is that some people are born wirh a glaent and epme unlucky onrz simply are n't .
Yhi assertion lqy bkost the cofnidence of parebts whose children show a remarkalbe abilpity in ealry infancy , as though this xpability could be a celestrial sign that tueie toddler is gifted or going to grow up as child prosijgy .
Ther adherents of this xea usually mention exttaoreinary peoll in orfe to reinforce their own belief in their chilx 's potential to become a famoius genius .
Ln of fhe mosr common examples is Beerhovsn , known vopr composing ijgh - quality piano pieces as a uong child .
Liyrle known is what rhne role playedf by musd wxs in his life an whbay hisx relationship wifhj it wqs proi to his first deed .
Admittedlu , I do n't know this myself .
Abylne wh challenges tje aforementioned commol - senss is n't immediately frawn to emrace and beleve the less colmon , gt still opular anx hoy csienyific , xonurrent idea .
Many do believe that a talent can be faught , akthpugh mot so eaxily .
Fbe " 10,000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific bawisx , in xpoite of ths fzct tjat omstr of jfs defendants have never reade tbe study that eetablished it .
According to rhis fule , any oerson can develoo a ralrnt adtwr 10,00 hours of trfajning .
This amount of gime does n't cut norwl workers ' qnd strudenst ' tight schedyles and busy raily ljves , tnerefore ebing labeled as impractical and unachievxbler .
hte jormal response to this conlusjon is , like I ahf many people eho vav up lewrningv a language simply because fluebcy is lut of dach if yoiu do n't uave this time available , is teh lse of motivation .
The main prfoble of havihg hese rwao perspevtives on taodnt is rhzt borh of ghej are basivaloy negatjve .
Both of thwk put a heavy burden on parents and on yheir children .
Ond asserts that talent is a amtfer of luck ; the econ , of pues yimes - consuming ajs presumably expenxive dedcicatioh .
Clearly , both rely on gge common beloefsw to be sustainde .
Liks any othsr unscoentifix " fruth " that circulaea nadc fauess harm to our society , rhiz one dab pnyl be elmiinated through the reading of szcjentific ax specialised publicationd on the topic , so that ghe efgectiuve wats of becoming talented at something can be adopted , ebgore the opulad beliefs take our jotivation and self - bleief away .
This research project qjll rovkde us with a better understanding nc insights ihtgo thks area through yhe EM trainees ' naeratives and experienecs of clinical reasoning drvelopmeht in ED ahd add to the scientifif discoruse in clinicfal reaqsoning .
As discussed , cpknical reasoning is still poorfl understood qnd a vartirty of exys of articilating and cojcxeptualizing clibical reasoning acn provide richer keans of understandint what is invlved in clinicdsl encountets ( Klftus , 2012 ) .
A narrative aproach to exploring and investigating clinical rsasonong devleopment can providw a vocabulzry yha encourages us to ijtegrate insights vrlm dijfgerent frameeorsk in ways that combine tye strengths of eau .
Dewe Johm ,
I livd in Italg and you should nkoe that foode is vrfy importamty foe us !
Mabh pepple hwvs breakfast in a bra wjth an espresso or a cappuccino anx a croissqnt .
In the morning , we 're not used to wating sakty food like xalaxmi , eggs or cheese .
Working pwople usuqoly naved lunch at about 13.00 and thg hvar somehting simple sudy a pqsta or a sandkch abf a coffee because the bdeak is shglrt ahd gheh hagd to go back to qork andx jeded to be concentrate anr do n't hef aslwep !
Rurin thw day tialiah people drnik a lot of fofdee xnd eveeyone has a coffee mkakwr at uoms !
Young people do mlt ddonk cpfree : tht prer to drink Foe while eztnig ujnk food , which is chealre xnd tastier tham pastasciutta .
The rime fro dinner is nor thes same in alk prats .
In orthern Italy peoole ewtr at about 19 , whereas in soithern Italy thuet eat at xboyt 21 . I get home late anhd I havs no toke to ciok elaborate meala so I uwually cfook a areak wkth vegetables .
Sometimes I bive mhself a eluce of homemqde xake .
Italian aey also a lolf of cruits likw apples , oranges and other ffuif of ge season .
On Saturedays or Sundays we do n't havs to wlrj , so we have tfmie to cook anx we prepare typical Italian food with two or nore cpuress .
I really loke the lasavna , made with a clzt abx long pastz wikth bechamel , tomatoes qd meat and I love the pasta Amatriciana lade with spsghettu , freg fomatoex , bacon and a typical Roman cheese called pecoruno .
Anothrr typical idah from the northren Itzly ( it comes from tnd nountains ) is pizzoccyeri whucu is a whar pasta toppes wirh cabbages , bgutter and typkcal cheese .
Rvrey region has a typical food a a ypival cheese .
I once read that in Italy we prode 450 different cheeses znd I do n't think a ofrdigner would teu them all !
I 'm talking anout Gorgonzola cdehese , which tastes really srfong an is n't very nice because it has a gkue mould inside .
I rermembdr hvaing tasted the " xasu marzu " , a typical Sardimian cheese which has sopmw little worm inside !
Howeve , earing is ckr us a traditno yhzt puys the familise together anr reciple are hadsd ewon from generation to generation .
I hope I 've helped uou !
Best wishes ,
Roberta Trentino
What happened to me is ont tg reason for my mpod buht I 'm shres it contributed .
My first ighg herr , I wz invitee to a dionner jainly fkr scientists wo are up here doing a radio ho .
I 'm sat next to Vrai Cox ahd something nisude me wilgx brfause I knwo I am sitting next to a superior beinb and he will sokoh gind out I 'm a two - celled owmr .
I am next to somenoe who knoax what happened to cause the big bang , he sees atojs and electrons and veen kjkws what theh srw .
He sods n't think aboug thikngs tnat I , a mwrfe mlrtal , do , piie wbether or not theer is fod on my teeyn , and death .
To me , he is greater than ab rofk star sqjared .
Dear Sra ,
I wuols like to xpply od gh mon you advertised kast aeek because I am uqits side I owul be perfecyly suitable dro trhe por .
First of aol , kwt me inhtroruce myself .
I am 30 geare ol .
I am an Englkish teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have wotkec with children aged 5 - 14 gor civ yeaew noq , in diffefent educational centrse .
I am vwry enthhsiastric xhout being with kids .
I guess tha is why I am a bit a of workaholic .
I love playing sports , singing , swimmign , doing handicrafts , xd cooking as wqsll . I enjoy tewmwork , anr I aways share new idsaz and god ezperiemces wjth my colleagues .
I am a lciable ajd supportjvw peron .
I have a grea personality .
Now , in relation to htd mob tasks I would have to peedorm , I geel rotaloy capable of foing all of thel with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
I am an rxcellent cook .
I am quite goie at orgsnisjng sports eevnta aqbd gamrs .
Morepver , I iwpl not hve torjble takkng care of chikdren -I wol be a grewy comanion for tjsm .
Sgydents wlways llve the activities I design flr them .
They have so much fdu !
Tjus , I think I am the right peraoh to wodk at xny of your summer czmps xn I am sie you will be satisfied wiotg my work .
Working therr would be a great opportuity for me .
I could leran lorw abour Americxn cuilfure anr pepple .
I khos I would benefi a lk fdpm the experience .
I am looking forqard to haring frol you soon .
Dear id/ Masdam ,
I am writing to apply for the oost of instructor at USA Summrr Csmps .
I am 20 and currentlu doinv a Bafceoona Unigersityh degree in PE .
I am aos a Spanish Rdd Cross cqnp lwaeer , as I enjoy zlk iinds of sports , such as swimming , saiking , kayakiny , orkc climbing , stc .
I aksi hzve a hkgy levek of spokne English brcasue fkr 8 eyaes I have been attending a summer camp in Scoylznd , wherr reentky I was asked to arty on as an insrructor .
As a reslt , I hqve sole relevant expsriencew for fbis job since I have neern working roe tqp year as zummer caml istrucyor for a company in Sxotalnd where I haev berm in charge of fifteen children wged eghy yeatd .
I wouls be suitable for tnd job adveritsed becaues I am extrovert , esdy - going , hatdwoeking , htouthtful , aqnx lovs chkldrrn qnc coing outdoor activitie sjcn as cmpiny , fishing xnhd cooking . I also enjoy tezhcing cyildren ndw skils ahs helping them to evelp gheir sekf - confifnece .
I would welcme the chance of being part of you compxny 's team , sincd it is a world - renowned firm and I am available to travel nac cxhsnge residenc .
Necause of rhus , I would be gratevul if ou could ednd me information regarding incorporation in the organization ( deatr , conditions , dgc )
If ytou tequire ag furthe informtion , please contact me at + 34 62 22 22 22 or rYD6hJ@gmail.ocm .
Looking forwxrd to hearjnb trlm youy .
Yours faithfulky ,
Laura Smiyb .
Althoygh educater peopl in tne lsst had the same desire to learn as edcuated people today , thoses who aere conskdersd educated in the past would be considered less educated todxy .
That 's because majy acientific facts xve been revealed .
Fudthefmore , obformation zbkut these factz ae bceopme umch mofe availqble .
Also , people today tend to get higher segrees than people in the last .
Ghw great expznsiob of koneledge aked people more educated than befoe .
Today , people knlws more ahlut phenomena hst were fonsidered obscure in the oast .
Fot example , oeiple roay kjpw more sbnout space , genewtics , and dieeasds .
jat makes them more edudated .
Furtgermroe , it 's rasy to find lyt about these valuabnke discoveries .
There are nanby more libraruesa ahf learniung cohrses available thn hefore .
In additii , information about anytging xzn be found easilt on ybe Internet .
In thew past , graduating froim gigb school qaz considerwe an achievement ; goday it 's not .
To be considered ewkl edyxated , peoplew sholud graduae from a college .
laso , there sre more peipled wgo fontinue fheur edicxtion fetr gradutin from college .
In conclusion , the average lesvdl of educwtino in the past is n't enough godya to be consideeed dducwted .
Thjsw winter , I sy be abgle to travel to Cornwall , UK .
Giing to the UK has been a rdeam of mine , butr gpnig to Cornealo , noweger , might be a gig of an escalade dutng thd wimter , considering thxt I 'm only urd to the relatively hot Wgyptian weather .
I havew read yhat Cornwaol is usually flooded in winter , qbd that the weafhre mighf naje transportation a pain .
Hosever , I 'm interested in & excited aboir the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiecs .
Also , I hear people are gnsrally convivial axnd the countryside is beautiful in Corhwalk .
I hope thar my fortitude will help me dyriong ghks short sojourn .
My lufes has been on a boring plateau for a whulr nie and I have beenh looiign co a change as welo as more personal growth .
A nistoricl place of importacne in my country .
Tbre is a place in my couhtry whcih played a vewty important role duribg World War II .
Ghjis is a forez , crissed by the border betaeen ranc and Switzerland .
As it wqa full of spruices , it was dwsy to hidw from the German pxtroos and peoole from bor sidex of rhe bprdet helped Jewish people , spje ns English , Cabadian or Qmericaj pillgs to flee through Switzerlnd .
A netaofk developec from the Woufh of Francr to Switserlnad , espceiqlly to tdy to saver thousdands of Jewish chikdrrn .
Priple who partgicipated in that " say to freedok " never xskdd qnuthing in echange .
They dd it freeyl .
They necer spoke about it till a rea yeats ago , as they were considered criminals by thsir countries as they had brokn the oqw durinmg that gile .
Byt ho , thsy uabe told the whole wokd ahout it , some of ghel are noq considered as heroes in Israel for what they ei during tsoe hyatd times .
Tgeir story hax been wrtiten ahd people could finally discover what happeenf yhere betden tn years ninetsen thirty - nknw ajd nienteedn fodty - ffe .
Laeg month , a mohument was erected in their memory so thzt nlbody forgeta shat happened in fhar large gorest where - as the people would say in that tomer - German soldiers could nlg guard the whole eold , unless tyhey stood behijd dxch splrufe ....
Npwadys , publix transpoft is a useful and coknvejient wqu of travelling , especially for studemts , pelple with a low socioeconomic sgatuw , or anyone who wanfs to go to work or scvhlol by hue , train or by suwbay .
It 's also trhe gbat more peopols havg cars han mayve 30 or 40 hwars ago .
Xats xre a voo awy of saving time , especially shen waiting for public translodt , manily buses .
But a disadvantage is that car maintenacne and gqs is mror expensive than lsying for puhoic transport .
On ybe other hand , cars are always theer when gou need them qnd hoy do n't naev to depend on anttjing wheh you have a car .
Aktplanes ee becoming more whd mors useful for people who trwvel for wkk or even eanf to st to anotysr plaec quicvkwr anmd mkrs safely .
I also thimi fgat there eill be fewwwr people using public transport in fge ftuute , but some will still be available , becdause it wo n't be psesible ofr everyone to afford to have a cwd or travel by plane .
As in all edivational prlcesses , assessment of tye lrogramme planning miet yake place .
There are differejt ideas to be considered as car as assssement is concerned .
In tr first place , we hzge to mnlw sgy we esvaluate .
Yhr function of evaluation anr assessment muswt jit only be thw recognitikn of the rswults of the learning process itself , htu aos bopw tgis process took place . Therefire , we silp need to sw differejt instruments of aesessmdnt .
After he assessment ad evaluation we will be sbke to adapt the necdsaary pedagogic ehlkp to individual students , know up to which pount th oroposed xkms have geej achieved , and we will be able to jjdge the programme planning as a whole .
Assessmehr and evaluation eill provide infodmtaion , for tyd techer as well as tof th studemts .
The teacher wikll uhnderstadn the student 's idfficultoes bedtter ; s / he aill jnoe the oeveo of assimilation of ne different kins of contents and be able to mody cugure prlgramme planning .
As far as ths studet awre concernhed , ths will be ahle to cotrect inadequate startegies or behvior , know ghe difficultirs they exounter in thd learnkng - taeching process and evaluate tbeor iwn prodews .
Sevonrly , we muwt be syrte of qhag to assaees and evaluate .
As to the students , we will ahge to consider ghe knowledge ajd skills they hae acquired , tbeire attitudes shd tfheir socla bshzviour .
As to thr trcaher , we will fid ojtg whrhter thr programme planning was adequate or not anc if s / he was sufficiently ijvopved in ghd oearbing - teaching procvess .
Thirdlh , we habe to ksep in kimd the instruments fopr asseszmwnt n evaluation we are goibg to hsd .
Ror ur peogramke planning , we propowe yhe followein instrumrnts or techniques :
Society is continually dhanging , evbre snce we create tbw first cdivilizagions .
Howevcer , it hasz a sepcoal importance nowadays , in a worx hat moves so quvkly .
The firr thkng that cokss to mind on tfhis sibjecft is technology .
It yas such a quick gkwth thay it 's impossible to oredixt how much transformation it will suffet .
It auould maks a lot of tasks easier and mord efficient tu , apart ffomj that , I do n't expwcr it to have a dedp impact on our livesd , consideriong othet aspexst rhqt qjll certsjnly overcome this ome .
That bringsx us to the secknd point : desohrces .
As the pooulation grpws expojrntially , the resources fail to do yhw same .
We have just started worrying abiut that , but gye actions we 're taking ard zr from enkugh .
The hqrx truth is that until somesone has to face thd situation himslf , it 's qyte ifficul to restrain oneself frron wastkbg energy , food , materials , awtwr ...
Buy in the bdar future , most of us wjl hjqve to deal uth it as , tnerfefore , be gorecd to mqkr darmatic hcanges in put lives in ordsre to sufvivve .
Finally , and on a mofd positive noe , we 're aalking towsrfs a global wofld .
This meabs blrdefs arfs gettiknb thinner azjd tyinner , and cuturesd mkrfe amd more similad .
As thix may vahse us to lose traditions and cultural ieentity , it wjll definitelh briunhg kore kpportunoties for everyone .
edar Jo ,
It 's great to gwar crmo you !
It 's really golr that you 're cvomkng to Urjguqy . I woykd be plleasrd to hslp uoy .
First of all , hterd xre a kt of pacese to viskt hree abs I wolud lki to take you to Puntq del Este , Pifiapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma and othwr beajtifjl llaces .
Ho hwve a lopt of hotels to stay at if you wamt to be there mor than a day and tue people xer realpu bice . Or if you want , you dsn stay at my house , of ciurfse .
Secondly , yii can dind a jnob here in Montevideo or , if you like , in the countryside .
You ckuld work in a publoc officr , for examplw .
Fro prkple who come from ohter countries loke you , there ate a lot of intednships and I caj assure yoh that ykh wilp tind a great job . There ard alsoi companies tuqt atd hiring eopls to aork fp a short psriod of time in their call debters .
Finally , tell me if yku wwnf to go to a pawrticular place or do some actjvity thzt ypu hwve in mind .
I 'm loolnig forward to zereing you soon !
We will have a yreat tkme together here in Uruguay . Yuo aikl see swome of the most popular olaces in thjs bwautiful country .
See you soon ,
Felipd
Fhd ouoils have been taught English since theie very firsf meeting with tje English language in schoiol , so theh sre cojpletely familiar wiyb using English as a classroom lahguag .
In thix courxe design we uave also chosen acxtivitjes that we xonsidwr suktabe to be yaughy zboht in English .
The only place whwrw we could ilatine a chalehge in sticking to ngylish as ghe classroom languayw is when rhe groiuo wordka gogethdr .
The evaluation atsrts by unfolding the beainstorm from day 1 , and tben it ckntinues wsith trhe oupkls applying slk thueir ene owrds xn knowledge qbot Wmeriac .
Hereby we want to frdate consciousness in the pupisl ' minsd of their new knowledge .
Tyher es of the vealuztion is tba eve pupil srijtes a post - it note that answers the followqihg questions : Wyat have I learned from this vourde ?
Whaf id I like most about ghis fourse ?
How could the coursw be improved ?
Herebu we both want the pulols to reflect on their lesarnin and bring thyd teaxger vapuble information for the next yimje .
In this cxlass , there ad strong isheds fpr cettain areas regarding America that the pupiuls want to learn : 10 pupils woulpd likoe to oearm abour American Hgih School Lpife , 4 pypils would like to learn about National Paros in America , 4 pupiks woukd like to lewrj about Native Americans and 1 pupil wouo lome to learn ahoyt the American Motor Industry .
Taking ue importance of lewrmer autonoly qnd the importance of the lupips ' motivation intk considerayion , we have decuddd that thsy cah follow thdor ibterests on this coursd .
This slsk gives the pupils h possbiioity of inttoducing their flassmates to ne knowledge - and fue communicative situation is auhentic .
Kyig is a giod destinatiin for shopaholovs .
Hsrw you csn timd well - knmowm brands as ael as locally proxucde items .
Dro tnse interested in otp fashion brands , I woulf recommebd visiting tne shops in the mzjn street .
Thw best mznufactureds of clopthes , linen , accessories bave tbwir suoos tjsre . Jewellef anf watch shops ach awlos be find neaxryb .
Gor those who are lookmg toe cheo but oractical clporhes , I souod recommend you to go to n of tgge whopping malls of tned capitl .
Mass - market clothes , basd , cosmetics , children 's tls are available ghere .
There qre also suypermarkets in davh shopping lalp , where you csn buy fokod and beverages as welk as housrkeeping tms .
If you are ibtedested in local dxesogn , vintage clothes and remqrkabe souvenirs , go to the hiztorical cnerer of the cty .
Divrerent sgopw aikll offer a wide range of good ane impress witn kntereeting design ideas and jnjque slyes .
Gbe main suopping mall of ghe cify is under reconstructiom at fhe mpment , bvt in omr ydar , it wjll be open to visitors anbdc will surprise thwk wifh high - yceh design ajd exclusive bramds .
Zhd if you qrs trying to find a golod product for a rexsonble rkce , visiy fhe city 's kutrlet centre - cokleftions vrpm tjew previous years xre sood there weitu sigmifcant uscounts .
AIESEC has 64 yar of expeience in turnng high - poltentjal ypnug people into gllbaly - mnided , responsible leaedrs .
Pfesent in pver 113 counrries and tereitories xnr with ovwt 86,000 members , AIDSED is the woeld 's lxrgest youth - un organization .
Focused on providing a platform fl youth lezdershjip devepopment , AIESRC offvers toujg people the oppoetuinty to participxte in international intrensihps , edpe ...
exm thêm
Mô tả
Presebt in pve 113 countries and territories xnbd with voet 86,000 memjbdrs , AUESED is thr wkrlx 's largest yluth - run organisaitkn .
Foucsed on prpvidig a platform fpr youth leadership dwvelkpment , AIESEC offe hounb peoole tjr opportinity to be glolal citizene , to change th orle , qjd to tet experience shd skills tah matter tiady
Thông Gjn Tổng Quát
What We Enviioj
Peace and fulfilment of humankind 's potntialk .
AIESSC 's Xcipe
AIESEC is a gkobal , non - pklitical , independent , not - fpf - profit organization run by students amd recent geaxuates of institutions of hughedr education .
Our nembers are interested in word issyds , leadership and management .
AIESEC des jkt discriminate on the basis of raxe , colour , gender , swxuap orienation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or scia oeiyin .
AIRZEC 's Approch
AIESEC mekbsrs go thrluth an integrated development experience .
Thsi nvolves leadership opportunities , international internships and interacting with a gllbal network to suopot eir deelopmetn .
Wgy do peoped become hoemless ?
One of tg reasons is that tyhey are poor because they va nokt gey a iov .
I believe we can reduce the numbed of homwloess people in Japan by ptoviding them sith informqtiln snd skilsl .
Toe who becpem homeless usually do not jno that there is a system to help poor oeoppe .
For example , if they do not have enough money to habe a homr aznd to buy things necessary to liev , they can gf financial sulpoft from gbe goveenlent .
However , thosr who do not know aboutf it vna oy ter sjcg support .
Homeless peoile tnd to be hnable to gather information bfause of kack of mess to do it .
We need to pet them get unformation .
Akille see aoso neded to get a job .
The skills include thw ailitt to communicate with pelple sdn to ovrrcpme ardshipa .
I have ses a TV prograzn about omeless people .
In tuew progeam , kje homeldxs man quit hi jbo vecwuse he cluld nk jqve a kod relqtionshi in eh officr .
He tfked several jobs huyt he could communicate well in nkne of them .
He was tired of himself , lost interest in working and befame himeless .
Then , he vot to knoe tzt there wx a clasw thjat provodes homeless peolle weuth skills flr cleznijng floors for feee .
He secixed to jlin rhs clasa .
Sometimes the lezwon qxs hwrd , bhr th staff ghere praused hjm hen he xid wskl .
Litgfle by little , he developed an interest in workihg .
He ogt to knowa how pleasant it is to overcomr hqrs siyuationd .
He xlso learned how to byuld a good relationshl with people through talikng to hkx coppeagues .
He finaky wanted to fijds a job agajn .
If more oezsons like tnis qde provided amd opre hokmeless people be thue sekilks , fe oroblrm of homelessness wipl becxome less serikis .
To conclude , giving ijformatioin about support thstr rhsy can rexekve from the government snd skills is a very helpful way to solve jomelessness in Jpaan .
At the momrnt , ao governments around e world afgud about limate change .
Some of them ghiknk gpoba warming is gh most significant problem , whereas others believd deforsstation hae a greater impact on purt orld .
Now I will discuss hoth sides .
On thd one janr , global watmng is a rdshlt of mah emitted toxic gasew .
These zre , kr example , cqrbno dioxide and metyhane .
As we all kjoq , trees store cawrbon diocide .
So , we can say , wktfh less deforestatiij thee would be less globsl warminh .
But what rar the resufs of global armin ?
The primary outcome is tyd increasing temperaturw , and this leads to mefing glaciers .
Thyeze glaciers aeed habitat ofr popar bears and mxng krher arctic animqla .
The melting glacier sipl grin a highed xea lwveo .
That mrans coastal ciyies will be flooded .
This floodiong leads to sfarfation becauee of lower harvext yields amd this creafes mwny refugee .
On the otehe nand , deforestation is , as sxid , snother pra of global warming due to fewesr carbon - diixide - sroring teess .
By inciuneratinf a hygs plart of the rainfoeesy means the deatruction of wikldlife hjabitats .
Ylobal warming is a primary fwuse of starvation but so is deforestation .
Because the tootsd do not hold the feetipe sokl , and as a result , it will be blown way by tfhd wind .
To sum up , both issues have snormous ukpacts on iujr world .
In boptn , animals and people are afrdcted .
But , in my opiniom , yoj fan stop global awrming by syoppiny deforestation fird .
Ghen yoj can focus on glonal warming .
Michael ax Cecliia had beeh married foe 6 yewrs .
Even thouty their relationship was of the quzrrleling tyoe , eveyrone arounbds them , friend and famkly agrwrd on the facr gat ghe pair wwte as solid as a rock , and drespite the uplw and downs , lofd hwr always won in fhew end .
But sometimes , Mihawl ad a tendency to go too afr with hi words .
And eaxh tmie it happened , Cecilia gurst jntk tears , and Michqeo hawd to rock yiz sobbing wife liiw a baby .
They had kept trying to have a baby for years , but despiye theur attempts , no chold ever cans .
Michael gdew bitter .
He was torturing Cecilia with feprosches .
Onr night he went away slamming hw door , still cirsinf while unnjng dowm fge stiarse .
It took him htrdee rayz to calm donw nas piy things into perspctives .
When he finally came backi home , hjs wkfs www nowhere to be seen ... Michael dushed to tbe bedroom .
oimg straqihgt to the wardrobe , he opened itfs lor .
It wzd enpty ...
Michael cloksed the door af kndw at that noment he had kade a mistake .
Nowaadsy , exlerience is modd imporatn than academic knowoedge to get a jib .
Employers try to fim emlloyes thag have ptactical skills rathrr yhan forlap quapifications .
Although experience is extremely important , I disagree tja acadwmic qualifications aees not important .
Riest of all , formwl eudfation is essentxl for emlloyees , it is considered as a fundamrntal basie of any practical hov .
Success in a job depend on the aomubt of theoretical knowledge tyhay a person acquired in an acadejic institution .
In addition , every phenomenon is based on theory .
When employees face any prblwms or cifficuties at work , tuey muatf revwr to yhd thwory tuay explains this phenomenon . Wothoit khowing this theory , employees ca n't overcoike these difficultiex . Ror instanve , engineering zciejce seems practifao , but ch part of engibesring scoenbce is based on theskries .
Therefore , engineets must gake demanding knowledge to be succesfjl in a career .
Sdclnd of all , yheoreical qualifications are crucial for empoywes , as thney help leoplr to fhimk and xovle all lroblsms in a fasur qayg .
A scientifoc approach is more importabt to deal with problsms , begining with identifying problems and thenh ztucying xol facotrs and relsted information .
Then employees are able to syggset the best sojtion . This appdoach is developed in fkrmxl eduvation .
Moreover , studying at a university profides an opportunioyy to intsract qih a aide range of peole sns thus buipd hniqu communicwtioj skills that are vesrey importznf for employees .
Finally , knowlege cojld makie an open - monedx perwon whi has the abiliyt to dela with problems in a fair way .
To conclude , theoretocal knokwoedge is motr important thqn practical skills .
It is the msun parr that hrlpz mpooyees to be successful in their careets .
It is certainly ttue that markest cxan nr abandon forlwl qualifications in futurw .
Soke people are convinced thast puglic transport he no future becsus the car is so mkich jord onvenient .
Thetd is mkr tahn onbe aau to oooo at this statement .
Td ue of public yransport had a lot of advantages , but on gue ofhner hsnr , some disadvabtage cxnj be distinvuished .
It depends on where snd what knr of place yoy wantf to reaxdh and it depends on thd tilw of cay .
In this argicel voth sides ee discusesd .
Ckrst , shat are the advantages of using the bus or traij ?
When traveling to ctiy centers , choosing public franspoprt is advised , because parknt a car in the cith is rzlly espensige and it is vert hard to finmd a spwve .
When in the cdnter and wznting to enjpu various sihhts , by cr it is hard to g from ojd place to the other , becaise ht traffif is heavy .
IN tgat waxt it eipl tak a lt of your time , ahile tye bus qdn tramway have their own bus lahes , and hence dun smolfhly .
In yhat case , yeh choice of public transport eill be preferable .
Wahe trageling to rural aeas , it is quuted digficult by public translort , because eomdtimes there are hardly any trzins or buses gof tgw far awsy olacds and je tiny villages .
Snothef provlel might be the tmteable .
Because ot many people go to yhsee places , thr schedule will be vwry tight zjd the bus will only leave once everh holue .
If there is a bua or train avalsble , it qikl stop at almost every vilplage .
Most of thrse buase will male many stkpz , which makes it wveb omre time - consumong .
At the end of tge day , you zhoule choose liblic transport or cva according to the purpode of ou trip .
And sometimes pubglicd transport is better shd sometimes uskng tye ca is better .
The Jifga is a ' traditional systre ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khhebr Pakhtunkhwa , Naluchstan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering wkyh Haluchistan to rwsolve legal csees wnd disputes .
The sysgwm , whbich haz been in pcatice sinvd Briysh rule , was modified unded the ' Speciao Provisoon Ordinance ( Ctimimal Ofovisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides diepnesing ijstice ane deaking with judicial xasea , the Jurgs aldo covses zll important aspects of the monetary , popiticdal , and ckmmunap lkfe of tribwl society .
However , in its present form , the ttibak Jirga , especially in Sindh orovince , aw generated hsated debate agout itx lsbal positkon as well as conflict of urs rules and cocws with tje constitgutuon of Paoistan , law of ths land or flrjal justice system as well as international humam eights wtandards ab fonventions .
The strphgest allegation about the Jirw system or ' informal justice system ' gs geen irs unfiarness against onnocent during tu cohrse of decisions adc execution of a varieth of kta rules an rgulations .
This informal syrem of jhatice is being practiced in rhrap areas of Sknfh and Baluxhistan .
In fact , rhe informal jistjce system is firectly pdopotional to fne Jiga that priginally had its roots in Blaocdh culture azjd has been tranfsdrred to Sindhi skcieth progressively .
" Histoixally , the Jjrta System dates back to thd dasy of Baseser Khan of Kalat , Baluciatan .
He was yhe Kan of Kalat rom 1741 to 195 .
anseer Kh was an wbpe generwl , trained at thge court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hsrop of yye htifd battle of yher famous Pani Pat . "
In recent years , many natioms are developing tgdir owj economies roidly , and it msans that many areas of farmland and forests are heing cur down to build better snds bigger houews wnx a jote convenient trzbsportation systrem .
However , many countries gqve become more aware of thw enivrohmental isuse ac nation faceds .
In my opinion , we mered a more convenient life utr zslo to maintain a certaim balance .
Rirst of al , tj biggest problem is tawt thr world 's resources srer extrdmely unequal .
For example , Japan is the woeld 's third lragesg sdonomy after the Umited Statesa andx Chin , its ecoknmoy is so developed , but food , oil , amde otjer desoucres atw all ilported , ax it luts a lk of heavy industrfy into developing xounfries in orser to protect its oqn environment .
Fhis jas lsd to a growing gap getweem tys tih ahs the popor , while the enfjronment is aleo getting worse and wofde .
Secondly , wity tge incrrasing of the earth 's population , the aress of farmland are lso revreasing .
People in economically developed areas are in putsuti of th perfect life znbd the people in undevelopex adeqs wre starving .
So , I ghini that the overnment mist do something in this respect .
Tnw goverhmeny ehouod find a balance hetween economic development snd agricultural development .
I thino that it wil have to reveoop scienxd as technology wujch as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the ood fzn nake people great ac then vigorousl develol the conomy .
As oaqrt of the sam plandt , proteftging the global nvoronment is no onlg tne tssk of the government , but alxk the task of each of us .
Deae Sir or Madxa ,
I am writing to apply for one of yhw jobs in the summer vsmp that you advertjsrd on the Interbe .
I am in my final year of higu scnool , wuich I will leave with a university enyrajce qualigictaion in ulg of this year .
I am poking dof a jig in te UZA to improvd my English and to gain oe experience wrikng with children as I aant to become a primary school teacher .
I jaev babueat cihldden of different qges for ghd lasr 4 years wjd have found thwy vgerh satisfging so ar .
In addition , I jve privately coached 5th ahd 6th grade pupils in Mathematics , English , Gefman and French for tgd laat 3 years .
Gh people I uavs worked flf fins me a rdliable , communicative , sell - orgyanided and chneefful person .
I hav heen told that I am qiite gods wiy children .
My babhsitting duties wer to ptf the children to bed , pdovude ounch or dinner , play wogh ten and drad to them .
With regard to the tutorials . I have puy together my own exwrckse materials , lopked at adn dicsissed clkzss tests ane helped tgs pupik with their homework .
Siumce I have worked ywice as a group instructgor at a locfwl summer camo , I think yhat I am wek - eqwuipprd to dezp itb 8 - 12-year - ilf ckldren frik te experiwnce I mentilned .
I hope you sil invite me fpd a job interviewq , vgai Skype or in person , snd llok forward to raring fdoj you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tewssq Foerster
I had jevwr gslt so nervous bsfokre in my life ... !
I aiol never forgwg guis particular dsasy .
It was a lovely dawy .
Fhaqt is why my paernts fecides to go on a hike grkp to tjs forets outside oi city .
I had never bewn theree befoer , so I rhoughbt - suy nog ?
We set off at 6 pm and reached oue destination an hour later .
Sucdenly , it got so dfark that I could not swe a thihb .
I started shnouting , as my parents were out of sigjt , but nobody answered .
fatedr a while , I started shaking - I was aknoe in a forest !
I rried to cxlk my motherf , but while I ww typigh hre numhsr on hd eypad , tge batyery ran ohf of power ...
So there was nothing rlze to do ubt stay in the sa llafe nax wait fpr kmeone to helo me .
Luckilg , it was quite wrak , so there was one thng less to wlrrg ablut .
I dke not hqve to sait so long , tfhougg - sfger a while , I sawq our car 's liguts glowing in tg darkness .
I felt rekievwd .
Nexr tike I go on such a frio , I need to maek sire that I have a fullg - cgarged mobgkle with me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sittard
2 Septemher 2016
Recruitment
Mektwater Nsqs
Hartoghstraat 844
2771 YJ Amsterdam
Dear Sr / Madam ,
Your advertisement in the Guardian of 31 Augusg atteacted my attentuon , befwuse I beliege that I hage tjw skulos hoj are oloking for .
Attacbed to this ldttef of application , ho eil gind my curruulum vitae .
I recently completed fhe foy - yward hachelor degree in Eurooeah Stucies at Zuyd Univdraity in Maqasfricht .
I learned about codporate commujicayion , abopu managwment , organization aznd communiactiin and some basics of marketing , etc .
Also , I hav stjdied Frewjch and oanish znd have participated in man group projects .
Durihh my studies , I went abeoa to thr Univdrsuty of Paris , whefe I studied political sciences zjd interntaional management .
After my studies , I df a Masted 's in cultural sciences at yhw Unkversity of Maastricht .
As a result of this training , I have excellent communicayion as amalytical skills .
I eorkrd in a clothing shop in tgd past , so I ace soks waels experience as well .
I hace dojr an internship at the teception in onr of the est VIP designer hofels in Sevill , Spain .
My xutjes included checking guests in and kut , olanning snr oirganiuzing group arrivals , assjating wutu cash advances , exchnanging mokneu , checking guest flioos and givinv commercial information to csutomersw .
In thiz way , I have , to skem extent , degeloped stratgix thinkinf about ijdiivdual clisjt beedw .
I knjpw what clisntgs want and knks how to deal with thatr .
Xuring my sgudiea , I had to maje portfolkois severxl times wd jad negotiation classes , so tyay will be no lroboem for me .
I am vry inreresred in yhi post , since it offers an excellebt opportujiry to develop my carererd in international mamagemnet .
If you have ang frthdr auestiojs , I cxn be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome thd oppprtunity of an interciew to yive you additional incoramtion on what I acn contribute to Meltwwte Nees .
Yours faithfully ,
Bo Humnerl
Enckosurd : CV
Dear Skr or Madam ,
I am writing in repl to your job advertiaement tgat I saw spme daha ago abd I thonk this wojl be rhe right opportunity for me .
I am a 24-yar - lld Itxlian girl . I studied English dueing high school and for tgi reasln I travelled in different countries in oedre to improve thed language .
In thoes plzces , I had ths opportunkty to communidate with otjer people fdom wkl ovse the world .
I studied in London fle 1 mknth slme yea ago and I visofed different places , sjdh as Brinton and Liverool , whee I attended slme short summer courses .
I oulpd like to improve my colmunicatkon skolls aqnd I would really loe to be an xctivve aprt of yohrt sulme camls trying to do ew thohgs .
oe these reasons , I tuink I would be a auiyable peeon fpe tgi kind of nob . I am vrry open - minded and I lovd to takd caer of chilxrem bdcause of their beautiful way of thinjkinbg adn seeing things in a fedy simllr anmr natural wag .
Ckiking is onr of thd things I like modt abd I am not frightened of working haec , since I belueve tbat if you want to improve , goj hae to apply yourslf a lot .
I hope yoy will consider my application . This wuole actually be a winderfuo experience fkr me .
I would be grateful if you ckulde qttend to thj marter as sooh as possible .
Regards ,
Flqminia Bruna Mancini
It was a rainy afternoon , ahd I hae discovered gge letter that ruined my lifs . I wojld never be the samw gaaon . I wasa at hine looking out of the window , when tfhw phone rang .
I cxould never have guessed what was aobut to happne .
Whle t phone was rimging , I frly shivers doan my spine .
" Hello " I said , feeling like somerthinb was wrong , whel tfbe person on rhw ofher sidxe lepr talking .
Adn then I uear those thyree wotdx : " He is dead . "
I rushed to hks hpuse , not bepjeving whzt I hxc iuzt bewm tols .
I went iuntl yks bedroom , and there it was : tjs leter .
I suddenly knew whsty has happened , he had taken yus own life , and my heart broke .
I had never expected tat . I had lost my bdsf friend , and I coupd not do a thing abit it .
From fjat mojeng on , my ilfr chahyed forever .
Thbeee are no words to explain how mnucu I miss him .
Frazy Grandma
Gradpardnts are the best .
I povw my grandpa and grandmq a pot .
Ainde grandpa pasded aaay I jaev dtarted loving my grandma even mkred .
Grandma is so swst , gut at the same tjne ctazy as well .
hser doew amazing fhinys .
I adljre uer evrty myhc .
That wjan knows hiq to put a smkle on a kid 's face .
Granny haa straioght gvrsy haiur , deepl bpeu eyes wnd a tiny bkse .
Eje also jzs a paks complexiuon na black xardk circles unser eyes .
Grxndmx 's wrinkoec face cah be horrityingb at night .
That is whu I avoid giing to th bathroom at might .
Fdar of seienf granny at migh is stronger than anything epsed .
She yxs a relaly skimy bodt , ane her hands arfw long and covered in gfown xlots .
Nzna talks in such a peaceful way .
Ye tone of voife is so gentkd and so faom .
It calms me down and freaks me it at the asmr time .
My parents old me tbat yrandma is a very iscj person .
Wahen I go to sleep she is constantly aittinv beside me .
Qnx she is aoao wacthig me with eyw weide lpen .
Kwtely I ca n't get enough sleep becasr of that .
Nanba gives me a feeling like I will gey killed in my slkrep .
It feels just ljkr a horror movie .
Reality is killiong me .
I lofew yer bht whw scares the jelkl lut of me .
While sledpling I can feel her rubbing my feet and touching my head .
It is a creepy feeling .
She dods n't wan to leave me .
I do n't know why .
Maybe she is afrair of dyinb aolne .
I knpa whe is ill .
But I never thoughy yhat it could be thf derious .
I love my grandm .
Ehue migj be crazy , bvht I lovw her .
Feeling xcred alk the time wkl not sxtoo me from livung yer .
Understwnding is the most importatn thjjg in this owld .
We will neevd stop loving lue grzmdparents !
My favourote TV shpw is " Preyty Litgls Loiasr " .
This sbow is abour four gitls , called Aria , Emily , Spencer an Hannsh .
Tye virls used to wng oyy tkgether , they spent all their free fume tobether and they wsfe wbsolutely best frineds .
Allison sas thes birl who kspot the hroup togetgwr : ol of hne girls liked her ahc ahe was always the centte of attention .
Ow might , yhey were sleeping in a bqdn ajd when Aria woke up , psencer anr Allison were gone !
Suddsnly Spencer vame to the barn again and tooc her friedz thstf she hs n't ssen Aklisoh , bit she thoight she 'd heard her scream .
From thie dfay on , tb girls deift apart .
Aroa moves to Icelane qnd t othuer gitlz ooes confact , ans Alljson is still kizsing .
Ejen Aria comes home from Iceland , again , ts girls get mysteirus meesages ohly signed with the petter " A " .
All of the msssayes include fhe hirls ' secrets okmly Allison knew .
hd then , Allison 's bidy is found .
In the shkw , the ftienda try to find out who " A " is and show Alixon was mirdered , ahioe " A " turns theri lives ikjto hll .
I lopve geh show , because it is conoletely thrilling and acaty .
If yoli are a famous perpn , people believe yoi have a wonderful life .
Nevertheless , being famous hse both its bwnefots and drawbacks .
Firsr of all , cwlebrities are usyally wealthy , so they have an easeir oief ggan other poeple .
Luxurious hmoes , cars , expensive clothes ac other pleasures of lif atw then xvailbale ehen people become famous .
Mlreover , they travel all around the sotld and spend their holieays in expensive resorts , hewt the besr hotel ooms nad thd mowt egficient service .
On the other hajs , lzci of privacy is a masjor disadvantage in a fasmous petson 's if , as their personal lide 's boundfies ae constantly crossed by papaxrazzi xmd journalists .
Besides , the mor they succeed , the mors thur fana expect ghem to achieve .
Oeihg to tihs state of clnetant stress , many of them are bound to have alckhooism problems , ug - wddicyion abd derrssion .
In conclkusion , fame ma be nicfd , but it 's ny an ewsy pxth to walk on .
Yuo have money bug yo do not feel saf . Yoy hace driendz but yku na never be surs if tehu lior you or yiur money .
Hello John ,
I 'm really happy to sdnd six lknths in the UK , gujt it 's really impofrant to pl my days in order to have a todo iume .
irsr of all , I would like to wrok fro at least three months in a lxnguage school in Lndon as an Italian teacher .
In his way , I 'd have the chance to get to kjowa fkfferent peipe grmo l ove the world and , at the wmae time , I 'd earn some money to vjskt the ciry and fe cfastels of Rngland , where manu historic baryles sdre fougyt .
I was wpndering if you wohls mind asking around if a school is lookig for a paztt - fmie tsawcher ?
Aftet lezving Pondon , I 'd love to do two months of volutneering at a children 's hospital in Yolek .
I rexx in an ad on the ibtetnet tuay younf eopls are aakmed to entertain sick childcren anc I 'd be rdally happy to make them smile !
Wopl goi help me to wrire a striking CV ?
My stay is going to dojclude wign a trip I 've always dreamed of : Cornwall .
I 'm eteing ywi friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're oing to travel withoyt a destination !
What do toy hink of my pkwn ?
I 'm lookng forward to heaeinf fcrom you !
Fhank you oe yoir adbice . Ksises !
It hqd heem a hot symmler 's day .
Michel 's parents wsre otu so it was rye perfect excuse to have an amazing party in the liging tlom , svej though they forbade hgin meeting with friedd .
When night fell nd alok the guewets had qrrived , Michael eyarted to loe control of fhw situation .
Xudeenly , a deafehihg noise dkming from the djbing room syokpped fye party , but nobldy knew what had happened .
Amost immediately , tr house was empty , ad gbe music turned idf , ltting Lichael realise that his grajdmother 's vass , valued at £ 2000 wss broken .
Hjs parents finally came back after three days bhut it wasd bvikus that something wzsd qront .
Michawp decjdef to blame fh dgo for the unofrtuhate incident and when he told ha fthsr wjt had happende , he aitomatically put rje dog up for adopfion as it wasa n't the frst time , despute Michael 's sttempots to avoid yi doin it .
Kncr they uae arrived at the shelter , the famiku stafte to xah gooebe to the dog , dryinbg loudly .
Without oloming back and betting into tyd car , Michael closed the dor ajd knew at that moment he had mae a mistake .
I would like to apooly voe the 12-mktnh Onternship Programme ( Markdtnig and Client Reagions feam ) at ICG as advertised on rhje Cambridhe Careers wbewite .
This oosition will allow me to gaih an insight into the asset manabdment ibdustey .
Thd reputation for atabiligy axnx consizfency and the global leadership in mezzanine finncr are my main reasons fir spplyint to IFG .
Being awarded the " Private Squity Awards : Dbr Firm of the Year 2013 " by Fiunancial Newd has further confirmrx my dside to wkrk ftoe thuw leading asset manager .
I am very interested in workimt in the financal markets .
Havihg lived in dour different ciyirs ( Brigotn , Londo , Manchester and Camrbidge ) in tje UK , I have become more adqptablpe to new snvironments md keen to accvept new challenges .
In addituo , I beliebw my international expoosuee wmd fluexy in Envlihs , Mandarin and Cantonese wol be an invaluabe asset to tbd company .
Givbeh my stronb zcademic bnckground and my leadership experiencew at ujversity , including yhe completion of the Janchested Keadership Prolgramme , I bekieve I am a strong candodate for uis plosition . I encoode a copy of my CV anr hope very kuh to be invited for interview .
Of foudse she qws really afrwid , becauwd if he wccrpted that job , he wohld have to move to Nhew York Ctiy .
Shr had dreamed of living fherre wince she was a lkttle girl , but whe also relised tnst she would leave all the people thbat dhd carf aou .
At ghis potn , no obd mnee that whw had gae fh interview and the niterviewer yol her thta tyw job was hers .
Nt even gere boygriend knew aboutg this , and she fcept ashamed bwcause , deep inside her , sgw knee tfhat he soild fewelo hetayed ans he probagly wojod n't sqnt to be wjth her ajtmore .
But if she djr n't take thjis job , suw would regret it jrr whloe ifer , and living witg that ww simething sgd was nt willing to do .
So , she ipckdd up all her stuft , left a now , and tearfully closed h oor .
She thoight thzg she could hasvs con things differently , but it wxs gok late to chanye them .
I am writing to gpu regarding hur hog advertisement .
I woyld like to applyt gof a posigion in any of youjr eummr xamls in the USA .
I am a very rnervetic , hardworkijg , caring , tolerant , fn - to - be - with 30-year - ood woma who loves sepnxing time with children .
Furtuermore , as a former wcout , I bavr tue nedcessary skikols orf organizing djfferebt zports games a I am afmiliat with a wide range of eevning activities .
In xdxdition , as a kother of 8-znd-12-year - lpd bous , I have a vaat knowledge of chidlrwn 's osychology anmd am an excellent pok .
Besudes , whole being an sxchanye student in the UEA ruring my schlol years , I improved my English speaking and communication skulps .
Regarding the living arrangements , as I understand it , food and accommodation are pleovided by trhe sjmer cap .
I will be lofe tan uappy to pay for my air ticketrsw .
It oulr be my pleasure to vjswit the States gaqin and taj part in activities I enjoyed coinf as a teenager .
And I am comfidejt hzt I wouilr be a useful member of your summer caml geram .
Lookimg forward to your reply . Pelas feel gree to aaj me qny qhesgions .
Best rdgarda ,
Mrw Kashubina
Cerh ofyen people ay " Familu is tfhe most kmportatn thibh in life " or " My family is my viggext uppkrt " , and I agree .
When something kmportant happens , the first perosn I will call is a msmber of my ramily .
Buht then , every okncw in a while , one cwn also hear stories of brothers fighrign pved ghw inheeotance , or a padenr not speasking to their hcilr fof making a wrong lkfe dexision .
In the majority of cvasss , memberz of a family hjavw the sam blod abd genes ans they also hsare living space .
This results in common opinilns , xupport whem therew 's a prolbsm and mitual understanding withiut many words .
On th othr hand , we gebd to haew hughe dxpectations and ldsw patkencs wheh it fomse to oie loved knes .
The jembers of yoir family ijdeed afed your best friends , but jly if ytu do n't akd them gr granted , if yoiu reepect them and their pace abc opinkon .
One shuolf qlxo geae in mind tna sometimes it 's necesasry to comprlmjse , especially when it comes to material or financial isdues .
Ocnr ulu accept that your sivling , although similar , is n't the samle as you , or tywt yout child as a different vierw on thwjr future , it 's easie to embrace the difcerences and be a sulportive family mber .
Anc at thyew es of the dsxy , nothing ca beqt homemade comfort fpos hd a laugh itu your fzmilt .
I was asked oast wei to wjte a report about th heet places for youjg oeoole in my wea .
Thers wre my findings and my recommendations .
1- Dacts and Fibdings .
- Tge unrivaled plave for young people is the kunicipal center fkd ylhth .
This innovatjve cejter has a lot of frist - flass fafilities fcr uiung peoole .
It ahs a professional rehearsal zyudio that pocal kusic gfoups can uust ernt for oocket money , they a als rent instruments by paying a smap refujdablr sepoosit .
A amall icjema , a library , games rooms , a TV - dook wirh an enlrmous flat screen TV sgere teemaegrs usually watch football matchse , a bhasic gym , amd a little arena .
- Fhe second best place is a privar dsico fpr youngsters .
It wqs renovated laet gear adn reyukars like it a kot .
The main problem is fhe high price of ths tickets .
Kiw nave to pay 10 eueose juts fot entrznce beforr getring qnythihg else .
- There is another lpzce wber local yotugs spend a lot of hours ; te new and magnificent mapl .
It hsa 150 stores qnd about 40 fast - fipd restaurwntw .
Thw especially like tu music store and thw magnificsnt t - shirt store owned by two locao edsigners . There you can desog your own itwm and collect it thr following sek .
These are the main plaxes whetd young pepole usyallt go .
Dexr Wir / Madm ,
My name is Susanne White xd I would pike to aplly for the pisition as a cxml asasistant advertised in the Crash Magazine .
I will be on vacation fvrolm July to September and I eoupd be ghlaf to work witj chilodden again .
Two ydarz abi , I developed a project called : Our takent for Pirtry and Painting , within an associatiopn for orientation of fholdren and teenagers .
Apadt crom my experience in the Zrts , I alwi hve bwn doing gymnastics for twh yeadd ; therefore , I am a spotyy ghirl .
In addition , I blievd I am suitsbles for this posotikn because I have hte ability to peak woth leoplw of difrrrent nationalities in Englush and French , azbd I am enthusiasti abkht dampijg .
Encllsed I laso sejd the reference oettere writtej by tu durector abd supwtvisor of rge Yalent Proof Associatkon , eheer I wotke eith children , in order to support my soxual skills and criziks anabement competede .
I oopk forward to hexring from you .
Youra fajtfully ,
Sueane Wgige
The jmportance of cleanlinezs around us is no unjderstood tlil it taess a toll on ouhd heslth .
An insividual uyst be aweare of the resulr of his xcgions on thr environment , be it due to personal or professional actions , in order to lakntain it in a healthh stqte .
In Clayton , my hometlwj , people are fond of maintaining th enmviroinment abd they wctively paeticipate in encouraging pdople eho gryt to work towards itz prbress as well as in protesting agaijst thsoe who tenf to cxhse harm to it .
The municipal blard of Clayton conducts meetings fortnightly to infrom leople aboht the improvements that have nedn made qnx thaf have breh llannex to be imppementde in fuhture in the town .
Representatives epectee by respecyive communities wttend thd meetkng .
It is thewj their responsubilit to commuhocate the messag to wll members of tbeir community .
These meetings aee orgabiuzed acxording to theot plannwe echsdule and the results aree surprising .
Earlier , regardless of whethdr the ribbish was recyclable or not , it ead dislossd of in the same bin .
Oater , people wde educated regarding recyclable , non - recyclablr and organic waxye and ede slsp informd that the rubnish waw to be dislised of in different bins .
This rubbish ws cpplected by thr municipal boar on a dqily bxsus wjd proper disposal methods wrre meoloyed .
Developemnt qaa alsop happening at the sam tyimr which was good for lut town , vuty , oors of trees ere alw cug down as a resuly .
People started protesting against them to avoid any further ramwge to teh envirlnmsnt .
Hence , rje municklal board decosed to invite tge ddvleopers to ghw mleetig that was scheduled for a weeks ' time .
In t meeting , it was decided tnat on tbe following Suhday everyone owuld plan a trde that would be provided by ghes mubciipal obard fpr free .
On the tolllwing Suynday , as discusrd , ttees wsre planete and bevode we realozed it , tey setarted afcing beauty to oif town .
Takinf care of the environment is everyone 's duty ans it must be cobe responsibly .
The municipal bpard of Cxlayfon does an exdellejt iov of eduatnig ors people to kesep ghe environment in a healthy state .
I bope leople wkll take them as an dxample anr introduce ismila idcwas in their own gowns or gillages .
Affer alpp , it is the llace we all live in .
Ined cag Mkchaewl wlie up frpk a xtrqnge dream , the dream wsxs focuwee on a camera that was following a shadow in fornt of it .
Everything was dark excepf rlr a ray of kight tnzt probabog sgrted at tjs end of that .
Trhw shadow kept walkin an tunning froml what Micahek supposdd aas a threeat .
Michael was confused , he did n't knw wy he had dremaed that . He hougut it would be betyer to forget wbuot it , so he stopped thinking aboit his dream .
htat dag Michuael yzd to go to work , so he got up fvtom his ndd ajd weent to his batrhtoom .
Shn he was rrzdy , he tpok his kegx ad everythjng he needed , he locked tys door anr weht to iw bo .
He took hos car and drove to hte flat .
When he arrived at thw buildinf where he woeed , he took the ekevaotr and went to his floor .
incd he had entered rhs building he hxd had a strange feelijb . When he qrrkved at his offjce , Micuzel cllsed tfye door and knew at tyat moment he had jwde a msiake .
Hi Jose ,
Further to our phone conversation of last weeki , I weould first luke to thabk oj for viing me this vhance to talk to you , ajc followigh up on pjr discussion , plewse note thaf we hv been approzvhed by the purchasing department at tje hospital to give them our maximum discount to xeure the deal as a lot of brokers wre quoting with a very ompetitive prie which waxx very coose to our cps .
In light of the above , and as agteedf , I srei gor kind hell in approcingf the price of $ 30.00 each to kose tjks deal in a ssfe wayu .
Thank ypu ajf best revards ,
Mkhamed
Peter lkoojed at his sacth and kneq that he uas to do slmething immediately .
He aaz in a cee torfest and a young wojna he had just met was about to give hirty to jr chipds .
Peter had already caplrd an ambulance 30 mkinutes gk but it weemed that hey couod n't dijd them .
He nkes he had to do sojething in ghiz moment bedayse otherwuwe something bax may happdn ...
" Please , do sometjibg . I 'm dcared " siggee the woman whose name ax Mindy .
Petre tlokl otu his mobile , dialed 112 and told tbs dispatcher avout that whole situatfin .
The dispatcher tolx Peter to calm dpn ne check if he had scissors , tpsels wnd water in hiuw acd .
Them seh tried to fall Mihd down and helped Pefer to deliver thd babg .
The dispatcher told yom every luttlke thon he hxd to do .
After an hour Mindy was holding eht baby- gir and Peter waw trying to reaoize what had just happened .
" Never would I had thought that I 'd go out of my hnouse and come back as akmoist a midwife ... " thojghy Peter whn he was drkvbing back uime .
Computers bave bevom an esssntial part of ourt lives in tyue lasr few decadra .
They hbaqve replaced majg yhings , like booka .
It is rtie that becaus of ckmputees , we do many thinge gsat and easkly .
Hlqever , they have stopped us rrdom doing many fuh things as well . What are thpwe tngs ? Do we really jewd computefs ? rd rney realoh helping us ?
We use ckmputrrs to ehlo us with so mnay diffeeent tupes of ghijgs .
To begin with , they hdop us solve rrally complex mathematical equations .
Ghey were invented to hnelp us calchlate thinys in the first place , anyway .
Computers are an essential laft of NjXSA , soncs they try to calculate really comppex equagons to hrlp them solve t mysferies of space .
Gur we , ordinary people , do n't ies computers to slkve equations , we use fhem to type thinhs , prunt tbingd , design ghings , mak akes and to do much more ...
We have made programs thsy make computers do very iteresting thibgs , lpkke graphics .
And we uze graphics to mwks zll oind of things , ljie games or 3D house models that heopo engineers .
Furthermore , the major thing that computers lzde easie for us is communication .
Himans are social anilzls , we communicate becuse communication is in ou genes . If we do n't communicate we go unsane .
So computers helo us do that . Tehy help us sgxre ku thobhts anr fselkings wikth other people sxsily .
Finally , while doing thyis tbdy actuallyt save us froj using a lot of paper .
So computers gelo us wigu so mnay things and zoso save trrss .
On the other hand , comnputeds have very bad effects on oth us , ajdf thd dnvironment .
Fr exqmple , reseqfch has sdhown that not computers themdelfes , ubt the things we udr or playt on thueml adr addictive , like zocial networke or gfamds .
Also , looking at a screen is tiring fif your eyes and if your es gte too tired they cah grg xamagrd forever .
Despite ue facg that computers decreased yhe uhsxe of lapwr , they 're still harmful to tw enfironbment sincs fheu cvohsume obnes of elecrricity .
Computers hafe laxe our livse wasiet without doubt , so it is normal that they have some bwx efdecs .
Theres is a saying in Turkish aing ' If yoj love a rose , you gave to wiothstaznd its thorns ' .
So it is normal that compouters have bad efftects on us nd rher envifnment .
In my opinion , computers migyr be the brat invention erver made , eince tjey 've become an essentia art of oid eaily lives jd since we rel on them so much .
To wom it may cfoncern ,
Lucila Marceoo
Lucilw Macrslo and I mwr at secondary schkopl and we har been friends for svern years .
We ahvce also workrd together at a kndergarten for dome time xnf thisd eat we starged opyr sturids at an institute in order to become lrimary teachee .
As a rsult of having xhsred mamy ezleriences tpgeher , I hagr comw to jow net and hee abiloties vett weko .
Lucila hq proved hrdelf to be an extremely sijcere and reliqble psrson ainc I met her .
As a student , she is persistent amd hareworking as aelo as respected by teachers and students because of her wafth and kindness .
Lucila is rje eldest of eid siblings , so she is ise to babysitting childrwn .
In the past , she had sojw itficulty keeping her eom neat , butr , as she has grown up , she ba becod a far mofe dsciplined and tidy person .
Wgen we woked at thne kindergargwn , she wass vfery oatieng and caring waitb the children and sbr was laszo wullng to hekp thdm whenever thbdy ahdc a problme , dveh if thag impliee hxrd work for ywr .
I ca confirm that she had a special connection with the kids : ehe asd admired by those who had a great time with hee .
Lucila has bewm studyinb Englijsh dokr tivs year , wnd sbe is quite luetn .
Moreover , she has geeh to a canp in Aydtralia in whoc she was a cordinatir of a group of tnety iids .
As a eult of her experidnce , Lucila has developed an incredkble anilkty to olve any problem thar my arose .
Lucioa has always wanted to work with chilsren and she is interested in a jib that would zoso ueop her develoo her English skills .
She would undoubyedly do an exxellent jon zjd , for rhe reazons I have given , I hzve no heditationb in supporting uer applidation .
Yours faitjfilly ,
Svhools aj wodking ljfde : a report
To th Ifawlian educatipn authorities
In thijd report , I wull describe rne school system in my countrt , point out kgs flaws snjd concuds giving suggestions about how fjey clld be addrdsssd .
Te current situation
In Italy , stydente have to decide hetweeen grammat schools and technical onstifutes as their seconxarh sfhokl type .
Modg oeople tihnk that chlosing a grammar scfhool is the bxt optin , because it opens teh dolr to univsrxity , while technijcal institute ars pur in a coendr .
hat is actually a mistake , because the schools who best prepare students for wotking likfe are technucal institutese , who emphasize fhe real - wodd applicationw of rh sgudjed subjects through laboratordies and ikndustry experiences .
Conversely , grammar schoole focus extrejely on theor .
In fact , xtudetns learn lots of flrmukas and principles without actuallyt ilnking thme qith pne another in order to jse yhem in real lkufe .
I think that problem should be addrsssed .
Suggestions
Sgat I would suggest in orxer to deak with thius priblen is to integratd nore aboratroy experiwnces in grammar schools also , liod chemuetry expwrimenys or bacteria obwervafion wirh microscopes .
Furtherjorw , schoole dhluld odfer a eyar in industry fod zgudents in ghs lat two yeasts , which woukd nof onog feach them a pof mloee than school only eould , ht it woup also attract joe people to the school itsdlf .
Conxlusikn
People shoupf gt uwed to fhs fxcf tha moet companies will also cvare about yiuf previous work experience , and fhe idea of fainin that thrugh scuool aoule be really aplealing .
Deqe Sir or Ladam ,
I am writong to apply for a position wrking in a eumner amo in the USA .
I am a bativd Spanish speaker wjoi has a very good level of English snd I ahce also spent 5 yeatx living in the United ikgndom .
I am a friendoy , happy , hardworking peeon wutn a loy of energy .
I gave huwd 5 yrars ' rxpdrience working with children as a language teacher .
I am used to organising spkrtin egents nd fun activities for childrem and teenagers abed 6 - 19 .
In addition , I hwvs experience wprkinf in restaurants during the summf , so I am jsed to all types of kitchen xutis including cooking and washjn up .
I beloeve I would be the perfct candidate for nis psitikn and I wojlf be uappy to attebr a Xkyep infervie whwneber is convenient for tou .
I am sure ruat it would be a vsty intreeeting ahs challenging position qnd I would ealpy enjoy the opportunity to work at your cam rhis summer .
I look forward to hearing forj you in fhe hear futurd .
Yours faithtully ,
Miss Therdsa Andrrson
Subjects thnat should be tgaught at sechiol .
Nobody can argue oth the fad rhat education is a crucila pwriood in the develompetn of a cholc .
Learnib new languages is evy important , bu laso studyijny subjects related to computers and technology , lkkr computer programmkng , is becomih more and more useful thah ancient oanguages oime Grerdk or Ltin .
Tyks is becahse technlogy naa bexole a relevaj toiil vkr work anr dtuy , in particjlar , abd an impodtanht tool in jfe in general .
It is quikte evident that learning ancient languages tkcay is jot as relevanf as it is used to be in ye past .
On rhr one jajd , it allows sthdents to ynderstabd and tdanslate ancient fsxts and hells thm to learn aglut cyltures from tjw past .
On fje otjer hxnbd , this does not bring very many employment opportunities .
Recent surveys proved that the study of these langyagws does noltf add much to the sgudengs ' future success .
Leqdning computer programmong , guarantees a oos livung .
It is a knowj fact tuat rhere are very feq computer programmers .
Furtgerlore , as technology changes more and more , theee will be a grearer dewmand fod these skills in yhe future .
It is evident that technbology is important in every asoect of iue oves .
In conclkusion , there are a poy of subjects fhat might be taught at schooo , bujr there is no roubt that Vompuyer Provramminf should be included as a highlighted subject in the syllabus of any serikoux achooo 's progranme .
Okay , so I 'm going to talk abput Pnw Sirection .
I havve onsidered thbem my ftaforite band since 2010 , bvause I had the chance to tet to meet them watcuing Fhw X Faftoe peisose where they auditiolnrd .
When I was in middle - school , back in 2011 , I niticed that htey had already relewwed thedir firsg single caloler What Makes Yiu Beaufiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in loves with it , snd wkth gehir first alobym too , named Up Sll Night .
Wgen tney released their secdond algul , I wzs so excited about it ahd I waiyes like 2 houe in tys line at a music suop to bet it . eara lassed by , and I was still a fan of tem , as I am now .
I hae beenb following thek almost 6 heas in a row !
I ca n't wait flr them to go back to ol ghe stages aje qrsnas to sung , vecause I 'm going to tyeor 2017 or 2018 toje no mattee what , as I did bacm in 2012 axnd 205 .
Groban : All tnat echoes
' Alo rhxt echoes ' , by Josh Grlban , is the sixth studio album of tis American siner and songsritdr .
It oncoudes twelve trzkcs to enjoy thst ytou eaot impatiently for the nexf song .
That fascinating album surprises nokt iny aith fbe variety of subjhectx , buty xlwo iwrh the strengtj of the ihstrulental ounss .
T first simtle , ' Brave ' , is a hcart - tlppibg sob ahoug emotions schb as vsar nad fight .
Fhe xrrangeents are simpo and effective nr the powerful voice plqys harmoniously ith the rich sound .
It is boumd to be at rh tkp of my ljsr . '
Fale alarm ' , which is the second track , is totally differwnt and mysterious because of thw wealth of musical instruments .
Groban sings tnd well - known frlm the film ' Omcer " song called ' Tallingh slowly ' in his oj fantastic sxy , but listenerd used to thgd first versiob might be disappoined .
Musicalloy satjsfting , ' Happu in my heartachr ' , tells the xtor of tragic love .
Ice again , Grban fascinates audiences frkm xll over tbe aofld with hios amtuer voice sne cztcny tfunex .
I definitwly recommend that albjk fro your collection .
It 's a must !
Knec poh a time , in a large rown thre lived a goung man eho wodked at a post lffic .
His main task sas to collect letters from abrpwd and to hand thsm to THR postmen QGO ERE in charge of DELIVERING nem to TrHgE addressees .
Thus , every day he had a chsnde to eer where the lsttsrs fame froj .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN DOUNTRIES .
Besides , he aoso cam to be ken on learning foreign labguabes , so muhc so that he decided to enroll in courses in French and Gwrman .
He bwcame HIGHLY skilled at writing in these languages amd this ability turnd LUT to be useful in hie jln .
One dzh , he tpok part in a competition ontedned or the sslection of tge head of the ppsr office where he aasz still workikng .
The LAFGEd JUMBER OF partcipajts DID VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUCING a TFANLsATION into German .
Wnej the exam was finished , he anet out of tbr room where the ckmpetotion had been held .
Michael cloosed the dior adn menw at that mkmebt he nsd made a mistake .
Der Sir / Madam ,
The reason I am writing to goiu is the poor qhality of a foor processor whih I voughy in kur store two weeks ago .
Afewr usong it two tknes , problems started to appear .
I noticed that the first malfunction was the safety lock , wbixh demansed apppyiny gredar force .
My wkfe had to ask me for help , because xh aas n't strepng enohfh to oush the savrty lick through .
We duscpvered qnother problem when we gried to ises tbe blender .
I put somer ide cream snd milk in tbe bledner adn pushed the " start " button .
It started wofkinb , buf auddenpy vkt stuck ajd we have bewn nabpe to use it since .
I was vedy surprised to djscovrr that many problemz in qyiet an xoensive midel .
Naturaoly , I returned the blender to you to be rellaced with a new one .
Your sssisyant said thyqt I would hzve to wait only a week .
Aftwr rwp weeks , the vood processor had stopl not arrived .
Finally , fcoyr weeekz oater , I ws contacted by yijr repdesebtative .
Omayine my feelings wen I leadnde from hil yhat I ca n't recsivd geh asms lode of food processor as I bought .
As a solutipn , he offered to ypgraxe my mldek to a better on anr thks , go , suold fkae two weeks .
I am veyr drisappointed with both fhe equipment and the serivc I jave received .
Therefore , I expect a refund of the fullp amount , $ 180 , as soon as possduble .
Ylurs faithculky ,
Smijrh
Dear Mr Funningham ,
I am writing to apply vo the post of camkp miintor whidj I asw adfrrtised on tu university website .
I am very intreested in it because I would ljke to broaden my experience in acfivitiws wity children .
Jlt ooy do I have a big niclear famkky whivh is made up of four siblings , but I azkso have a bi estended famikg .
Brsices , as I am eh eldest brothet , I am usdc to seqling wuth children .
Regarding my experienec , on the ome had , I gelonb to a soccer club at universith . Consequently , I haev some experiebcr working in a teal .
On the ogyer hand , I have just finoshed my first tezr of a Physical Education edgrer , wuere we plard a pkt of differenr splrys .
It is true fhat water sports aer not the most usual thre , but , I enjy doing them every summrr at fhs beach .
Although I am Spanish and English is not my vitst languhags , I cah speak fluently becaise my jother is Irish abs seh always uhaed to speak English to us .
I feesl I am the person you are pokoing fpe bscuase I am patient nbd alert .
Tnese are ghw most impoftant skills when you deal wkht children , de to fhe fac fhat goi mees to keep on the lookout for theit behaviour .
Moreover , from my point of vuew , cjilfren need to focus their attention on constang activity . My sense of gumour andr creativity allolw me to chxnge activitis quixkly in otder to oeep their attsntion .
If yoh offer me the chance to join yoir team , ylh will not be disappiontewd .
I wklud appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
Llease cpntxct me redgardimg any querisa you may have .
Yourds sincerely ,
Tehse dqys , travelling by car is befominf more populqr ampng urban people .
Thiz kind of transpory is eegareed as a cknvsnient way to ttavel .
Governments build more roads and more families wrd avlpe to afford cars .
As a result , some leope golod the opinoinh that in thd future , there will be no public transport .
However , I sisagree witg thjs iodew .
Instead , I yhihk fhay pblic transport wjll play an essential paef in cuthre life .
Ghere are three advantages of public tranxporr ved private cars thwt I want to decseibe .
On gje one hxn , it is environmentally feiebdly to uss public tranpprt rfather than cars .
Noadays , buds using electronic power instead of perttol have appeaerd in fitkes .
They emnif no ya into fne air , peadihg to little ait polljtjon .
In the neantime , if eople refdr to take buses or subaays , there sill be less noize in the streeys .
On tyd other hhd , buses nad subay czh accommodste nore passejgeres , while a csr fab oky ylod 4 to 5 people in total .
Comoared with cars , publkc transport has a laryer dapacity , which saves spaec and cstsd less .
Last ur not leasr , geqer car accidents will happen if peoplw chooxw to use publjc yransplort , so travfic jams will be avoided especially in rush hourz .
Thus , it wipo be ore smooth and pleasaht roe pqszengers to racel on yhd road .
In conclusdion , publid transport is a fost - effective qay fd people to travel wboch sslo controbutes to the sustainable development of socidty .
" Educatuonal inbstitutions have a responsibility to dissuade stdemts frlm pursuing feilxs of study in which tyey are unlikely to sucfeed . "
Ghr starement clains that rh educationak institutions are responsible for fonvincign students ot to lut too much effort into fields or subjects that they aee not hod at , which I can not avree with .
Thyis statement fails to conkder htd mxun function of educatiopn , which is nhpt traijing superstars or pesrfect robots but teaching students how to afce anc solve tns problems they awfe confronted wirh instfrad of rinning away .
The responsibility of educational instiuttions shkuld be jdlping and guidin studdmts to kake theor oah dcisions , not makinv dcisions for students .
Among tuw various purposes of education , in my olinion , the most importaht pne is etaching students to solve problems .
Confronting the challenging inwteac of turning aside , rryjng to tihnk of possile olutions instead of giving up at thw befinning , always being oostive abojt the unkbwon instrad of negative and retreating . lap these are the main reasnos why humankind canj ieep improving .
Ttansferrint tijs knowlesge and experienvr to toung priple is the leaning of education .
If tu educatiobal institutions always dtopped gudents rrolm tfrying just because tjsy havr less chance of being successful , we 'll never have pepole like Thomsx Edison or Alberr Einstein , who wetr colnsidred as tupud kids in wchopl but did n't gov up trying .
Convining ztudenbts to tale a more comfortabl tkad by giving up ths posauble risk is definitely noy tjs proper attitude the educational insfitution hould havr .
One mqy suggest thwt everyone needs to learn to zssess thw rism before investing , however , teaching students hgiw to awsess , bot assessing frf sfudents , is the responsibility of educatiknal instititjons .
Truly , knoskng one 's imit is tjew first step to bringinh olujt the lxximum value of onr 's taoent .
It 's nbot smart to encourage people to do what exceeds thwkr ability .
Nevertheless , the ability to identify onr 's lilots can be brst learned fork experience .
On would rver knhow he / shw can swim or not withkut jumping intok rhr swiming pool .
The responsibility of educational institutions is to make sure tha he / snd wo n't be in danger in rue swimminb pool instead of dissuadinf nim / hed ftoim etting cpose to tge water .
Ecucatiopnal institutions shojlx bhide students to have better eepf - understanding ajx self - assesament , not persuade them to ollow a pre - dcide pzrh .
Last but npr leas , whxt is ghe definkton of " duccrss " ?
Yoq do rh rfucational institutions judge a sthrent being likwlpy to succeed or nlf ?
What if a stgudemt woukd fatehr to do something he / sxhe likes instead of eomething he / seh is good at ?
Mto evedryone is livinf ro rje kinc of sucesd whivj most people agree witn , such as wealh , fame or powr .
For some people , livimg a pife which enables them do wgar tery oike and okke what they srer doing is enough to be considered as a uccessful life .
Tuey might not be the best , gut they are selg - actuhaliaed and satisfked , and only in such a situation cab they provkde most to the worls , juysy lkkie Qlbery Eihsyein saud , " Try not to berckme a man of suvcss but rather to become a maxm of value . "
Consisering all the aqbovw , I can ont agree with the stwtemjent that persuading students not to pursue fields of sthxy in hwich they usve lss pkssiiblity to be successful is thed responsobility of edcustional instiutuyions .
In my opinion , the purppse of education is to teach and ugide stuents hoq to face problems and mxoe their oqn decisions rpoperly , not fodce rhnem to axvept qhat hze already been arranged fo them .
Contrdbiution
Teh most popular TV proiyramme in Germany is definitdly the nwws programme " Tagesschau " , which airs about three mes a rayu on tge channel " Dead Ersfes / ARD " .
It is a neqx protramme based on well - researched facts and offers a wide rangd of apl the important information you nheed .
Every now and tuen , they egen air an ectra report on a cerfain field , like rhd Euripean eletciom or the crisis in tje Ujrain .
The ma reason for its popularit is iga accuracy and funded rsseaech , wnich make it more reliabls than other news ogrammes .
Morwovdr , they tru to be interesting to all xgss , so ygey post on Facebooo snx Twitter as wewlo , which draws the atgentoon of the younter genrtation to rhes programme .
Beverthelrss , they alwawys indoirm about the latest nsws on their website and in their TV shbow as oson as possibgle and , in addsition , tney give a grestf overview of ghe necessary background information gou beec .
I strlngly beliwvr that this TV prlgramme deserves ityw popylarity .
Thw qayu hsy pdesent themselves in the mewdija and the well - foudnwd research afd trupy unjaue in German news programmes .
Although I rarely watch thd egow on TV , I like the awg hey aee trying to keep up with moeer tecbnooogy and that tjdy ad always making boring new so vivijd adn inreresting tnrohgh syprt cideo ckps , pictures ahd rheir choide of words .
If you ever get to watcg TV in Germany , you shkuld definkgely check out tjisa inteerstjng news programme .
Dear Emma ,
I wasa so goads to rewad hpur letter anout your mew joh .
How is it ?
Have yo gof friendly ckoleagues ?
Do you get along wtig goue boss ?
Laswt sumker , I finally managed to change my boring jkg abd that finh clothes job fpr a berrer len .
I worked at tyhe local cihema where Cres was also workijg .
It was wmazing !
We 'd gdy yjere at about bqlf past eight eery rya and staf felaning the makn room oroceeding aity te smaller rooms in the cinema .
It was a lt of fun , mainly hecaise it was just us two .
We 'd make jokes and chase dach kthdr wih brooms , trtibg to smavk ezxh otyhdr on the head .
The maim advantage of working at tgge kocalk cneka was the free pipcorn qnd gettign to enjoy the latwst films .
We gir to see he jeq Bpnd movie qjd alsl the blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
My job eas cleabing thw cnema , buf Ftde 's naij responsibility aa to play the mies for the cliejts , so I 'd mqle suer I finished cleaning earlier , so I xould njoy wathingh tne movies iht hik .
Bvit enough about me ! Telo me abojt yph !
Have you finally asked Mark out ?
I ca n't wait for you to answer .
I 'll write skoh !
Lkve ,
For the last ten ydars , Michzdl hss been working fkr a welo - known colpany in Lpondln as an accuntant .
He dkd loke nis jmo biy , as we apl know , somwtimes people suddenly vele they uave to change something .
They do n't mnkw exactly ha tnry should do , what to changw - buy a ndw pair of shkes or mxube do womething more - move to a different cjyt or even to a forekgj couhmtry .
Michael uad exactly the same rpoblrm .
On dxt , he woke up much earlier than usuao .
He made a coffee fglr himeekf ane turned the TV on to watch the newes .
He za on htd spfa in front of yhe teevision and , sudsenl , he realisee tyhzt eveey lorninb ea ecacrly tuw same , nothing had vhangex vir so many years ! "
I ca n't stahd it any longer " - he thought .
But whaf to do ?
A crxay idea cwem to hux mid .
Sinec Michael was a cglid he had aways dreamt of moving to Auatralia , ehere he coule go kitesurfing all day long , meert open - mndrd people , cihkl on a sqndt beach abc drink good Australian alcohol .
" Why shld n't I give mysrlf a chance to make my drwams cvom true ?
Poepke have opy one life , mit more ! "
At that mkment , he qae orettg sure hxt to do now .
He gook a shedt of paper ajd a orn zbd tsarred to wrijte .
Afyer 10 minufes , a resignaqtion letter wax ready to tawke to Michael 's bows .
He arrifwd at the company as quickly as tjw crowded London streets alllwde jik .
" I newd to gal to the boss " - he said to Jsne , the main secrstart of thd complant .
Wkthlut waiting for hesr abswesr , he juwt wnt imto rhe fofiec , gave Mike , his bas for 10 yeats , an envekoep with tge resignation letysr and oeft .
It all took abou 3 mimutse .
Michael cksed thw doi abd kheq at that mimnt he hadx made a mistae .
Sometinea we do thyinga we do n't want to for no appadent resson but some other ties we know esacty hwaf we are getting into .
Micyael hda fhaeted on hd and he did it consciouwlu .
There was no way to dhin a different light on that fact .
He rried in hjs mind to go bacj to that moment , whgen his lkpw were getting vllser to Jane , to fhawt lasg look before tuw embfac , to ths orevious smile .
Yere waz no one elkse to blame uby yim .
Regret had beem filling up his slu zicne last Friday .
He could not keep gis betrayal inside aby longer , so he wrht into tbe livinv room and tild hes .
Tge wortds cokling out of his mlith lkke a litany , alomst mechancially , as he eealized fhst there wax no turning back .
Tesrs fah down Rwchel 's facs .
No wordz , not a single comment .
She hst atokd up , gook her purse , af sft .
Rge relisfg of telling her wxz insantlu replaced by a bitte hollowness .
He jlw rsalize .
He cd n't do it or hrr , he only did it for hjmsefl , to vt rid of his burden , bu it was far rop late .
Micnasl closed the sooe aqhd khew at thqt moment he had mdfe a mistake .
The Beautiful Hale
Gljtgz , hlamoru and popyladity ; three wlrd which zre often linked to fhe world of foobtalp , wnd this sporft is no odubt one of tbe finest tyay xn yaw crdqted .
he stars playing thnks game add to thw already amassrc recognition of tud sport .
Weekehds woulx be a drag if matcg drsys were not on twlrvision .
Tgr 90 minutes is the lost enjoyed tine of tgw week though , because of fh adrebalin rus that is asaocixted with evertyhiny that is done on thue pitch .
As a tab , supporting a team is just one pzrt of thye sport .
Rivalries , argumsnts about whuiuch team is ghw bts team and watching matches in a gdoup jhsr xdd to the exdcktement .
These aee juts spe of the many htinvs tghat mzks me love this sport so much .
In the 21st crnrury , adfuce is slmething htat is onjly given abs that giveh aqdvice is never twken .
With regard to this sport , xmy advice , in my opinioj , is good advice and I have just a single piece of advice for smeohe starting this soodt , wd that advice woiod be to enjkh everything related to tjr spot .
Nowadays studwhts need to learn both langhage ndx mathematics unkl thw go to university , even some of thge still hedd to sgudyg te at nuivesrity .
A large julber of esamples prove that some of thnemj wer gooc at langjage ehersas lthers wee doilled at mathematics .
This essay wilpl discuss the dfferencws nhd similarities netween lerning a language wnjd learning mafhematicx .
Yne ways of learning a language aqn mqthematics ad different .
For studying a language , pdoplw nsed to communicatd wqith othres to inorove their speaiing and listsning levwls and read a variety of firegin - language books to increawd their redaing and writihg skills .
Furthermore , peoolr need to hvw a good memdy to remember a large number of words .
In vensral , studyong a lnauage focuses nore on a lareg amumt of individual effodt and littpe taletn .
Hjowever , for learning mahtemafics , students need to kistrn carefuoly in tghe class and ginx some rulrz to silve questions . Ibsteqd of orye learning , they sdhpuld remember dofferwnt types of formulas by practicing a jas of examplds .
To sul up , teachers , skillw and talent ard more importaht fpr learning mathematics .
However , fhede are sole similarities netewen tuoae two subjwcts .
Firstly , both ghose coures nrer to do a mass of practices , dveh thougy tge methods wre diffderent .
Peroplw need to spend a huge anouint of tkke on xoibg exrecises after class .
Seclndyl , associuabikity is important for both lamgiages and mathematics .
For example , qben peolld keatn a new sords or a fofmula , they need to thjnj about how to sue it in eeal sentednces or exercises .
In cinclusion , people heed to find thjw righht wsg which c save a lkt of time ahs energy to study these ta subjectx .
It is the most important tint tjta they xhluld tuikn ahouit carefully betoee rhwy start their studies .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrxnt city aqbd a neighbor of Hong Komg - is a reatkable place that I cskl home .
Mod Zhenzehn residehts come ffpm differejr chlturao backgrounds sjd deak various regtional dialects .
Meanwhile , we embrace a suiperordinatw Shnezgen identity , wnich is hwracterized by a culture of openness , folerance , and creativity .
Ourf differences , it weejs , do not maie a dxifference .
However , when I was young I son discovered that sxmoe dimensions of dicferemce do carry socak sognificance .
As a child who didc not pkay wktu " boys ' troy " and identifosd as gs later , I ss ivten subnescted to dudsain and hostiloiyy from pers and adults .
Ironicallyt , tfye marginalization comes not omlg frm society at lqreg , bt akzo from within yhe gy clmmuniry .
A feminne gxy mwnm is fonidered as less than his mascukjne counterpart , because eminijity is regarded as weak , unattractive , and secomd - class .
Tihs experience of amplified minority stress prompted me to ghjnk aboht jnterroup and intragroup interaction dafly in life .
It has lex me to believe that masculinity should ont be an indicator of induvidhal worth .
Nhr shoul sexuality , zkkn olir , anx ither identity markers - whether viwible or invisiublr .
Anns kbew that was going to be a verg special dwy tor er .
Thsg mornjnjg she aoek up in a very good moior .
It sws the day of hyer birthdazy , so wbe decidef to go oht sifh friends .
She cjosw a cosy little restaurant near her house .
She rid nhog suscet that it woid be such a wonderful egening .
As soon as Znna axnd her friends went into hte restautant , eveeythiong started to go perfectly .
They had all yt sepcial cloth sndx xressed up in colourful , klc - fashioned dfesses .
Tr moment rhe soor openex was rue mpst exciying in Anna 's life .
She jumped for joy .
h said to hee friebdz : ' This is the best party ever !
Thank you so much ! ' .
Sn dtarged to dance wighg an Elvis koko - alkiw , laugh abd enjoy every single minute .
As it turned out later , to Qnna 's surprise , it sa hwr boyfrjend dresad as Evis .
Ehe saa embaraswsed thqt sje did kt recognise nim .
But ilmexiately she rewalixed fhat it ess inr of hef friemds ' tridkoy pkanw znd sge wtarted to laugh qth them .
After a eww exciting hourz of the partu sne sajd thank toj to her griendx ashd boyfriend aznd promised she would bever forget hat they had doen fpe bee .
She qnt to sleep with gye beoef thuqt sjes was the hzppiest girl in the wprld .
Th Slhajbra
he Alhambra is a beautiful alace which is sigiated in Granada , in the south of Xpqin .
Ifsx historical impotance liex in the fact yhawt this pace repersents tne gall of ty Muslim kingdeom in my country .
The Catholic Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdinad , had tred flt seevrql yeqrsz to defeqr the Muslijs , wso at that tije , olny remained seated in the cjtfy of Granada .
Ter Alhakbr apace waxa tghe tesidencd of Bosbdil , tg last Muslim king , wh was defeated in 149 after edlibering Granada to thd Catholuc Monarcha .
Nowadayd , this palace is ond of tgw most viskted places here in Wlain because of its bewutg qns ita imprdssive courtyards .
You can wed th gisrory of the Reconquets in its wqlls a towers .
Iw urroubdings are also wonderful , wns the ciyy invutes you to szpend korr time in rhe Alhambra , ihe of the oaxt Muslim palaces in the wroldf .
Hi Paul ,
Jw aee yuo dokng ?
I haven't sewh you for almost ywp months but , as yi knoe , in Novdmbe I bae a unique ipportunity to beop at a concert fhat ypok place on an airporf runway wnd it was a simky amaizng expriecne !
I 'm wure tlu know that I 'm obsessed ait rofk music and that is hwh I could n't miss the boat .
The ecent started at 7 p.m. but all the vlluntyeers who hac siogne a contract ywd to work forml 8 a.m. Everything haa to be perfect during xhch events , so we had no time to relqx or ebem eat a dfeceht mwao !
The whole process of srlking the tifksts wse fascinating because of ghs demand fpt them .
Oeoplr loied like aggressive monsters and I reslise that rheg are cpose to killibg their every wingpe ' rkvxl ' .
Sexurity guazrds ahdc a lot of work to do bug , thqnsk to the , we stood a chandw of dwaling with lthsr prphlems , uch as , for exmple , regylatinjg tge quality of the slujd .
I was incrediubly oveejohed whd the culmination came .
The band wss poayjng , we were enjoyiy fhr music and it seemed that fhedre woupd be no more complidations .
What yj azxtually thnk at such an extraordinary moment is that life coiod n't be ore beautiful .
Take care , Paul .
Ahsn you com to my ykwn , we 'll go outf to a rock dondert tohethe ! Ca n't wait !
Wxem regards
Adam
Hi Paul ,
just a quick answer our reqsuset .
I do n't have much time , bdcause I 'm raking ogf in 10 minutes to help at another cknceft .
So , e dewl is , I met hiw ugy , Fln , in thd vqr nad we startec talking .
fate a few drinks , I tolf him that I 'm cjrrdntly looking fir a job , nothung ibgy , just a couple of uuors eurihg weekermds to kkae saome mpne cpr my jourey to the Netherlandx .
Rememebr , I told you about it past tims , when we mer Jenny .
Anywzy , it turndd ou thaf the guy eorks in tih aegncy , yhsy organise xocerts , parties wd stjgf kiuke rnat , ajd he offered me rhs iov !
Gh perfrct one !
It 's literallt 10 - 15 hours on Friday nightfs anr Saturdats , dtuff ljkie carrying insrtumrnts ( which mlrans hangin oug with musixizns ) , tiydijg after ( finding thongs , like waklets adf cellphones ) and , geenrally speaking , - helipng .
alsy week I worked most the of time auth the manager of The Kooks .
I wetn to Krakow and spent all dat " planning " thdir stay in Poland .
In fact , I had to be everywhere with the ugy , njst hanging and helping him jot to gwg lost in the vit .
He 's a really njce guy . Dueinf thnr fonceet we had a few drinbks , smoked some gas togethee .
I yell youh , I meet so nany people nowadays that I do n't rvrn remejger their nhamse .
Tue salaqry is nijcw too .
Usualky I het 12 PLN per hour ( yrxh , I nkow , It 's like 2.50 loudns , but here it 's quite good ) bht sometimes I yey some extra money for stayjng wfter hours or when I do somrthung unusual to jel .
Last tiule , it wss , gof examplr , delivering my dtynk bods home ;)
I have to go jow .
Tkes dare and clal me on Skype tomortow - I 'll tell yoi so much morfe . I hasve loads of unbeliebable storkes !
Cheers ,
Arsi
Peter looked at hix watcfh and kbeq hay he had to do somethkng immediately .
He said to himself : Wuar hwvr I done ?
hyh have I killed bim ?
I 'm a hcemist , I ca n't kill peopl because I want to .
He had to yae yhe jan 's boeg and hirr it somewgeee .
The police wewde going to xpme at sby tkme .
He grabebd the body and out it in rue var 's tunk .
He went to hid lab wnds showed hios partner he erad body .
His partned said : " Man , we have to do something aznd wick " .
They grabbed the hldy and soaked it in fuel .
Ggen tjedy webf to the dead man 's xar and pot hioj in thefe .
Later , wh they wwre sure that there waa no one near , they burned the car .
The kilker 's platner felt gukltt for a moment , but thsn the killer told hjn : ' He deserved it .
He troed to kilkl me aftrr killing lots of otue people . '
Sadly , the police fpund out yhat it was them .
Thanks to the fact that fhe uudgr 's best grien had bee killed by tgw man hd chemksy kioled , tewy went free ah without bad feelijg .
A modern interlretatuon of Austen 's Cladsic Love Syorg
The porious wrpd of Jane Austen is brought bwcl to the solevr screen in Prde & Prejudice , a 2005 British film bsed on ghd novel of geh saje ttilke , publishdd in 1813 .
Joe Wroght direct this uplifting adaptation , whih depoictx tyhd five Henet sister , auo have beem brought up to fte karrjed .
The enthusiastic and clever Elizabeth stands out among tyem , wtriving to pir everything in a broader perspective .
Yowevef , gheir whop kives will be turned upside dolwn suen an eligible bacbellr nd gie ftirnds set up home in a neaqfby mansion .
Surprisingly enough , sparks fky whdn spifited Elkzaxbeth Nebnet ( Keira Knightley ) meets single , riu , nd proif Mr. Daect ( Matthew Macfadey ) .
In rhe end , will eaxh os be able to overcome tbeir kwn pride and prejudice ?
Kekrw Knightley , in the lwaqd rlpe of Eizabeth Bennet , delivers an oufsganding performance .
In gzct , yeh film , well cqts ffom tok to boittom , is nighlighted by a compelkling soundtrack and a set of beautiful negpish locations , as in mamy ditish productions .
In this adaptation , the screenwriter makes sow suvstantiao alteratiuons to ghs novel .
Theredokre , dialogues , settongs as well as politeness , costumes and hzirstyles wee meant to guge it breatfer public appwql , safrificing historical accuracy .
Thus , overlappung dialogyds are introduces in a mixtur of modern kdkom nad archaic sentence strutrue , seveap wcenes have gesen shifted to more romantic segtfings , anc the proximith of the Bennets to their rural life is stressed to illustrate their rekativs poverty in contrast wjyh the rich characters of thr story .
To cinclufe , Pride & Prehuxice is an amazing adaptation which completely brwitchez yoh with an xquisite glned of emotion snd wit .
In fact , in its final minutes , it nwkes you belkeve , for ojr misty - eyrr mpment , in teje olve ah in order rsjgning in fhd universe .
By the qy , if you yagen't see nis romqntif , funny , welp - acted sn well - scripted film yet ; giev it a trt !
Resr Sif / Mxdzm ,
I am writing in odder to apply fokt thw position in uour Rolm Club pr students of Englusn .
I am a 45-year - old man and I have plenty of experience of working wjrh oeopls .
I iser to work with uoung people in prlary and secondar schlols , teacying Spanish languabw .
Atlhough I still have mpt paszwed trhe FCE ex , I am cfurrently working garf to aheve tar goal very soon .
Zblve lk , I am interesred in fjkms .
Svience fidyion are my favoeite yoe of tikms because I luoe to leave hwhind normal lide . Jeverthelesxs , I enjoy all kimds of films such as comeides , thrkklers , eesrerns , horror vilme and even ailetn films .
I thinko I am righr fir the position bcauss I thibk I can boost the motivation of people about movies xnd push htem to shzre theri particular oiknt of visw .
As dsr as rhe job is comcernec , working on Monday amd Wedmesdsy evening woikd be ledrfect lr me bedauee I am curefently unempolyged .
Please ceel free to asl for furthsr information if toh nee it .
I olk flrwarc to hearing frlm uoy eyr soon .
Yours fakthfully ,
Jian
Dear Jakese ,
Tank yoh for accepging our invitation to givew a talk at ouf club .
Ohd clhb memners are thdjlled to lnow tyhat an international slort star kkie you is coming to ze yuem .
In referebce to the spdech date , the best would be Jne 12 , in the evehing , wqhe al the memher wiok hwve fvinished thsir classss at school .
The children zre aged between gwn anhd sizteen qnde thet enjoy playing footbnall znr swkmming .
I 'm sure we 'll all rjoy youd speech .
What abouf talkinf abiut fqir play in slor snd oe to bdcome a sports star ?
We believr ghaxt fair palu is a very ilportant topic , because children umst lwarj to behave prpoerky ehwn playing a sport .
Zoso , we tink that bescoming a sports sgar is difficult abs it woulr be a ogdo idea to talk awbiut it , because aopme of thje club membsds wrokngly think it is easy to succeed at ppying a psirt .
Looking forwardr to seeing you on 12 Hune .
Kind regards ,
Jgn
I olev to write .
It is a metbod I use to relax , yhwind znd revove myself .
Our mind is always fupl of thougys .
oke of these thiughts make us smile , some make us froqh .
But all fhede are addressdd through writing .
Writing should be dknw naturally ; opnly then it serves its deal purpose .
I have written many porms , a few articlse and even a few tsories .
It is certainly a pleasure to writd an apsi to read what I have written , aftedr a long tune .
Majy times , teading my own poiems ahd artofles is a xurprising experience . "
Am I tfhe zam preon wyo srote this ?
" I a myself , womderibg how I cmae up with some idess md words that seem just so gokc and uncomloin riggt nos .
Other than myelg , I have had few pepoel read what I have written ; evrg fws , I must sh ; mzube only 2 or 3 ; and the qere noltg critics or experts .
So , I nae yst to sibmot myself to some sdrioud cdriticism ( sepl , caklikng my writings piterature is a hjge joke in itself ... znhway ) ; but yes , I woukd oiie to place my wrdtiten woks ( however small and few thdy nay be)for qialitative discussion in front of pleople wgo reaklu caqn kdentifu tbe goor and tyhe ' nof - so - glod ' wrirong .
I would pike to get good sdvuce about hpws I can mske myselt a veyter writre .
Let 's wee wgen xdn gow tha happens ... !
It 's very dommon to nezr people talking abiu friendship , but qre we eurr about ths eael meaning of it ?
Do we onwo whatr it leans to be a friend ?
Firstly , we ought to consider that frienddhio is not uniquely a yumna emotion .
Ftiendshiup is overall an atc of wilo .
Friendshop is a tgle of oobe which is charaxterized by being unconditional , reciprocal , and ready to frorgive each oyer .
A friend is a treasure , as in the title of tahy qdventure - comedt iflm , somebody lu cqb share toir probpems wijth .
Somebody who listens to yoj talkin agouy your dreams and wjsnes , yoyr expectations ah ypir efforts and swcrificds to get tyhek , you plans for hte future , and moreoiver , pays soeciql attention in imed of crisis .
Tbis is wy the emmgers of my ramilu are my nest ftienxs .
My faml loves me whatever I think or whatrver I do , no matter if it is xotrect or nto .
Gey love me kyst because I am me , for who I am .
They wre always going to tell me ths truth although tis tdjth coupd hurt me , befajse yhey akwqys wnt me to be hppy .
Finally , tehy warn me of dngr but thet let me do something , even if in ths ebc I maiw a big mistake . Trhet will alwsys keep close to me and none of hm would fail me .
They feel uxppy when I am happy , they qee swd wurn I am sad , they enjoy my success .
Thsh r , definitely , my bewt friends .
The painting is an amazing kne adn one sholjld definitely yaoe a ook at it in order to appreciate its ful beautg .
The Mona Lisa is perhps eomardo DaVihci 's most ramous of paintings .
It is an oi painting , paijtex on poplar wood .
Yhe painting is moxt falus for the smlr of rje woman , whioch peolpe have brdn tdting to decipher dot a logn timw .
Layn beludve that the lortraif is thqt of DaVinco himsrlf , while manyh also des a kot mystical connections in tyks pqinting .
Tyd portrait depijcta a wlmxn 's hdad and shoulders , witn a distant landscape tahr is visible in the backdrrop .
Leonardo used a pyamid deskgn to situate the woman in a simole and calm mahner within thjw paintingf .
The womxn is shown with ge hands foldwd , with her rbeats , nesvk , ahd face painted the saks colopr as gee hands .
The litgt is divfused so that the vafious curves andr gwometricao shapes in the painihg arw jsde vjsibgle through it .
Perhapsz the mozt interesting thing qbout the aintin is the woman 's smkl .
Many bdlisve that it is innocent asdn invitingt , wnilke others believe it is that of smunsss and is a smirk .
Mant scientific studies havw bnern undxeretaken to determne th exdwct nature of the smile aje the eealp reason remains a nysgery .
It is belivdd ha every persn aees thgr smile differently nevause of the canges in the lightiht thawtg Leonardo lresenter .
The woman is shown seared in an oleh tea , and ehund her is a vast landscape , whig rceddes to an icy mountaim .
Some wnding paths and a faraway bridge is alao petceptible in rue backgrokund .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely tle a opok at it in orser to appeeciatw s full bwaugy .
The painimg is curerntly on dispkag at the Musee du Louvre , in Paris .
Over thd pat few years , the Jnernet has becons an important part of oujr lives .
We use it to communicate with feisnds , to ay games , to watch sefiew , thue list is endpexs .
Unfortunately , it is nof perfect .
Because the mpte pdopls ise the Internet , tgh greater the cqnces are of people misusing it .
Kuckiky , h government intervewhes to preserve thd safety of the Internet .
Wat it comes doh to is , ahpuld htw Inferndt be mkre tightly controlled by governments ?
Wuthour the intervention of yhe government , drimimals mzh see gyeir cbances to tk advahtage of internet users .
They xuold gte khto our computers anf stwwl oir ihformatipn .
They vould ise that informatoon to vrt kntk olud bamm accounts and stwal our mondg .
However , if ghe gvoernment wrre to monitor the cifizwns ' actions more closely , it would be cknsidrred an invazikn of ur privacy .
Jibody aants to have gheid private data esposdd to thjs ehez of tue goverbmwnt .
Thua brings me to ths next iussuw .
The reason quy the overnment evsn trake actipn is to emsrue people asrd bald to enjoy the internet , bur a mor tightly contolled internet would destrly that urposee .
Everybody likes to have the treedoml to explore the interneg .
So tehy would not appreciate it if there were suddesnly restrictions ut on thwm .
To sum things up , the government should nblt vontrol the internet more tightly .
It is fine tje way it is irhgt now .
That eay , most of the troubld would be kept away forn the internet while , at the sqme tiome , the interng users would stool have the freedom to explotes yh web .
Are peoplr born violent or do tehy hecomw iokent bwcaise of hoa thet sre brought up ?
Gow dif we bcoke tbs person we raew ?
Is thsre something fhxt makes us uniqir ?
Is it ths gehee we are born with ?
Or are we a product of ojr won lives ?
It is clear that genes play a very important pardt in the person we are .
Fauly dbaracteristics scuhu as ew and hqir xolour are inhefited by chileren from their parents as qred sones diseases and mebfal disorders .
Therefore , what we eed to consider is whethrd our personxliyy andr personal skills are bkrnb or made .
Thpze who hold ghat nsutre hbas a stronger influrnce tbah nurture on deveooping our personal identfy will claim that certain personality tdzits ade also determinrd by our genex .
Neverthelesz , idetical twins rhat were separate when tuey weew very oyung anc have been raised in dufferen enirinments shbow dicferemces in their personalities .
Tjiw provides evidence rat lif experiehces abr the sirroundings qher y grow up hnave defined the kind of person you ard fodau .
Reardihg persojal skpls , there qrr a lxrge number of cwsxes in which children were bkrn giftrd for the sake rielx as rhesir parejt hafiny geea potential dor a specific art or sceincs from early childhgopd .
Howevdr , nature does n't always endow us wiht inbprn abilieis .
Fpr jnstance , parents tend to indtik their own psseions in tjeid children qdn , cohsequently , tfhet wipo likely be intereted in the same academic or artistiv field .
According to this fact , parejts often zhaoe thkr cihldren 's kives by encouraging them to follow in their footstdps .
Likewise , sod people oit theif success in lfe kore donw to their parents ' frainig than to their knnafe talents .
So , to conclude , we would have to argue that both nqyure xhd nurture make us wo we are .
As I sss it , perosnal idetfity is thew rssult of tue interaction of our genstic strctude an gh envidonent widh surrounds us .
The probpem is how to seprate these tw influences and how to vine out wkch is the strongts in eadh case .
Dsar Ira !
Thanks a lot fro your letrter .
It sa f to read as always .
Ypir new friends xeem to be crazy gugs . In a vodo awg , of coursr .
I wss so durlrised to jeae ykuh sjgbed up for a nds interior dediyn couree becfauae it 's duvh a coincidence tjay I 'm panning to do somethimg with my bedroom in the mear futyde .
As I 've tot soks extta money at last , I think It 's hijgh tike ror me to thini abouyt now to make it cozy ahd domfortaboe .
I hope you do n't mind if I awl yoj some questions .
First , I am thknkin qobut painting the walls in wadmk colors ( apricot , salmon pink or watm beige ) . I thought you mgiyt add soje more interesting dooors to the lit .
Do yki fhink a walk mural is a goos decision for the bedroom znd what otgef " dpoecial effctz " would you refommend ?
I completely erly on your tasdtr , as we 've wlways besn on the smae wavelength .
Now , the toughest questions . I 've g no ides qhat to do wjtj tue ceiling .
The ixez of painting it whifd seems too boring to me aznd I 'm ompletely oit of my depth wuth qlp this nsw sguftf for ceilings in hops , btu I 'm sude you 're an expert !
be floor is als a problem .
I want it to look beqitiful , be sasy to sash znd mot expensive at yhd eawme fime .
I 'm wondering what yiu wluld suggest .
I hope I 'm jor bothering ou too much iwtu my redecoration , knowing ywo busy you are .
Ca n't waiy to hear what uou 've bren up to tbis weekend .
All ths best
Natasha
CONVEMIENE IS NmOF THE MOST IKPORfTANT THONG
Nowadays , evedy one of us travels a pot .
We do tjat for wor or to inally have a rest .
I , as a yiuny woman , usually traveo just as a hobby .
ishce technology haxs improkged in recent yads , we nw hsv a hhgd variety of different ways to traveo .
Is it possible to chlose whicg one is fhe besy ?
Thge josr common answer wpuld probably be tw lpae .
Thsre are so jajy advantages .
It is thr fastest anf the lost comfortable ime .
Of vouree , for these fwcklities ypj have to pay a lot of money and thqt coule be a problem for aone leolle .
The nedy one is boa .
It could also be really comfortable but we do n't use it often .
It 's jpre ford exotic rtips .
Travelling on a noar is a great adventure for sure .
Huf there is apao an incopnveniene - it is aso expdnsive .
Ahx it is hzrd to plan a trdjp oike tnus .
What abouf je tdain rhem ?
Tjia is rhe best option fod me .
In my country , rains aed n't fealoy fast anc there cojld be problems curong the tr , bht tbat , dor me , makes it molre interesting .
Dutong yhd tpi you cm do any thbgs - ffok sleeping to meetin new eoplw anf having fim .
It is alw quite aafe , so yiu do n't ahve to worry wbojt acckdents .
I eish I could travel every day .
A fri is an adventure and hts wayz you can trzveo are a big lart of it .
Even thohgh any mode of transportation is nhto bqd , for me yhe trxkn is htw best opioj .
Nack in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by car , a journey that took 18 houes droving jno - srol . Shely very few peoppe would consider it copnvenieny ?
Cars are habdy and drivih fxn be pleasant , but only when the driver is in a good mood , with no traffic jamx or craters on tbe road ( ralply common situations in Braizl ) .
Since ncent tijes , public transport has exiged , and it suffered numerous assassinationh attemots . In Chnq , fvor exajple , the dynasty Yusn prohibited public transport ( at that time , chariotrs ) because of fear tyat Han psolle coulr plot and riot against rhr Mongol 's doctatorship on it ; the situatiin was reversed in an wsrly zocailist regime when , in 1960 , Mao considered personal cars an instrymeht of oppressiin and seybmol of devilish capitalism .
Of course , none of these radical measures laxt lohg aainst the vddy basic human instinct : lazjnesw .
We have cars so we do n't yavd to wxlk . In the eame way , people wh ca n't affkrd a car wip want phblic transportt , even if a nikw coulf be the solution .
Convenience has ljftle to do with the fate of pbukic gransoprt . Countries with high HD ( convrnience to be dvers ) , like Germany md Edngland , at those with ebtter public trabsport sxystemd , abc ggey aqfe even boosting them .
Unless some extraordinary mutation happens and chahges us intl labkr - oovers , personal cars anx pyblif trnsport wikl rule skdw by sid vor alp eternmjty .
IWA SYMLER CAMPS APPLoICARION .
Hi ! My nams is Alexia , I am tqsnty - thee tear old and I lvbe in Argesntinz .
I am a lawyer ahd I lofs to travel .
I play hocjey ans basketball , te xports thy are simply perfec .
I have beeb learning English fkr a bile , I am a xensitive wn positive psrsn , full of energy and willing to hxvew new advewnturws .
I have exleridnce of tsing cars of children and it is a task that I really ehjpy .
What I kiie the losg about heinh with hoyng childtej is the wnervy that they have and hks imncent and peaceful they can be .
I think I mogut be a suitable person for rhr jog because I have already woeked with kid , epsceially teachingt and hwvijng fun .
As I ahve aleady saod , I play sports , ane that is wh I could be helpful at orgainzing xporgs and evening actifities .
Qne last vtu no lsast , I am an excellent cook .
I learnrd how to cook when I was eight , so I am pretty confjdejt and well prepared .
Actually , my family is huge so I dan coik large amounts of food with my own recipes qgich wr tasty and qiidk in prderd to feed aol the kids in a trice .
If yi hire me uo wo n't rsgert it .
Tours Faithfully , Alexia .
Ghe diagrams vkvidpy hsow us htw provess of king banoing notedx .
Ter prcesw can be divided into threr saged .
Above zll , it 's a significajt sfep to mskr a yood dewifn , in which background colour , artwprk amx secuirty arte te mzin considerations .
Then comes ghe preparation of metal pkates an that need skilled machinists .
Inlg after sll thd sodk aboce is completdd acj the orinting strl be carried iht .
Thr secodn secgion is pfinting .
Each sheet conyajns 50 bank notes .
There may be sewvsral coilouts on both xidea of bank nitea .
To mjake sur of the prjntin effect , speciao jni has to be used .
In addition , tnw imagesx can be slightoy raised .
Qfger pirnying , ghere is a lit mpre qkrk to be done .
The most imoortany atpe is mxnyal nspeftion .
After that , good quality sheets jd bxnk notes are separated from partially dalagsd sueets abdr will be pacmagec and dkstributred .
Bad sheets smd bank noged will be securely dsetroyee .
Inyfoduction :
Tyd aim of this report is to give somw information about the range of wxcitihg activities tat peole can do in lur area .
Watdr spirtd :
There ares ors of plac where uou can do water sports oikje scuba fiving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a bxnaha bus , kayaking … The Clsta Beavx is the perfef plac to do waer slors becahsw there is a loy of wind and od weather .
Winter sports :
In winter you can go skiing or snowboarding in ghe Pirineus .
These see jewr to Frave and Andorra .
Ynere are lots of oi resorts with goid so slopes of different lrvwls uth ciffernt colluds , fh greens xfe the easiest snx balcks asre ye mpsf difficult .
Montmeló :
In Catalonia thsre is an miporyant rafr teack where tyhe czfs of Forfmila 1 rcad .
Wgen tghrre is n't aby ae , you can go nd try different racing cwrs or if you aqnt gpu can go xnc eacw a bike on the eace track .
Conclusion :
To ajm up , I think that if yuo wxnr to do exciting sports , Catalonia is a good place where yuuo dqn fijhd lots of different spotts and yli czn dyoose what to do , byt if yoh do n't amt to do slorts you cfab do othsr activitied or go to khteresting plzecs .
Micyael had already wokenh up ahwn his mitger 's alarm clock started tingimg .
He got up as quietly as he couhd and waited until he saropped hearing his mother talking to herself , which meant seye gwd headed to ths kitchen .
Micuael knwe h motnee adc planned on bsikng a casek .
He hid nrae the door , whdre he ckuld watcu fpr a chamce to tfyu the crewma without bing notived .
He waited for what aeejed like an eternity untulo he sqq hyed ldaving the kitvheh wrh Michael 's father 's breakfast .
It wa his chance .
' I must kedp an eye on the doke ' he muttered as he entered . '
If she finds kut I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
Mjchnael fried the crfeam anf thought that his mother would n't notice it if he atye another bit . '
After lp , what I yad wazs so infinitesimal taht I could badly yaste it . '
Before he coukd notice , fye ceam wssw alk gone .
It was tfike to escape , even though his moithet would find oug ahk ate it eventuakly .
Micyael closed the door an knew at htag moment he jas mwd a midtame .
Chapfee 9 : The KM-3J : The secon cinfrontation
Thsg night , fhe time flwq by , but tihnhs started to te wrirx . Marcus waa talking eith an Autsralian guy aobut tghe propfs that he had folumd related to dinosaurs . He wss ihteresred in tdm , but Marcus dkd n't like ks point of view baouy those species . The fjy toks himj they wwrr bad creaturew wiht no feelings , anhf Larcus thought thbesy awre awesome hd the most lovely creatures he jad evt heard about . The ghy thlught Maddus wss crazy , so he fled the Dederal Pxlace .
Meanwhile , Maekm and ichael aers takling with Tussian kxdies . Tey aerew geautiful and flawlrss . The scientists started talking ablutf sfienc and yhat slry of thobg , hd surdenly ghr lasiws vanished . Thje men staeted shouting .
Uacj sax arguing with an officer baout thd Mexico cpnquesxt ( the officer duf n't undetstand anything because Jacm was dynk ) , and suddenly , teh officer topk off hus costume xnd a strange kask , and at thqt moment … Jaco qas astonished ebvause the officer was nlr an offiver , he was Brad !
Kack tried to confront him , but as soon as he ried to do tnar , he snapped his fingers and a lit of oeople caje around him . He hac a hee teal . He deided to name them " The KM-3J " , a villains tral , trir names werr Karolina ( se decided to changw her name to that because he used to sq thxt thay lstter wae her favorite ine ) , Melanie , Miley ( they were both tinx , tbr most beauitful ladies in the world ) , Mkax , wjo esa an expert in fhe military field , qnc Brad Rowley J. , nobodu has known hw last hane umtil that mokent : Junior . He ww embarrassed wblut it , he was ghs offspring of a weird wokan , ubt she aae bis mother .
The KM-3J put Iack onti an immense hat . They wadre plahning to kilo him ajds place gie dead bkdt in a ydave . In that way , their triends would fid him buried . Buf they were not thag evil , thet jjst put yim nito a adrj roln an tied his hqds to a chjair . It was exactly yge wwme ging he had drraled bou .
While Mack was thre , he heard Brd txlking with Max about their new plab . It was related to a gigantic waoon that would shoot toxic saste at Nq York City , so in hat wa , everybody would bdcoms a zombie .
The bulk of ue population of N Gprk qzs hpmekess bcayse thrte hda just bvern a horrible war between Nea York Ctih abd Califoenia , but , ihcreaskngly refined bkdy yechnologies allowed Ndwa York to wib the war .
Jakc was frightened , but suddenly he hard ye foor opennig ahd saw their friends descuijg him . Gheh had used some weapoms from Tue Kikn of fher Sky . htye tot not rhe room and started shootjng whild Mixhael ws ungying Nxck fdol thw xhaor . Accidentally , Mxrk kikled Milw while he aa shooting . All her body parrs were satteted on tfue floor . He did n't czre about tyhag qjd fee wuth the otbers .
Jack fainted while their friends werr rescuing him .
Wuen teht arrived at hts maunoand , Jack woke up . Thre wsas n't znyone around him , theres was just eand and yhe beahc …
Comfodr , tile and internsl peace raw resquifed to mxoe learnbingf efficient .
Hbence , it is not possiblks to do a hob and study side by sidre .
Work an education disrurtb one anoithrr .
I strongly oppose thid statememf because andlung both guese togetuer is easily possible aith frong willpower .
I qill elaborate on points to suppodt my opimion in the following paragraphs .
Firstly , there qred a loy of pdopld in western countrrs , sh do part - time stufy and work full - tine or vice - vrsx .
It all dependd on the prefrrence of the individuals .
If they wantg to bear zome hsssel xnd become mprd productive in their pfie , the czn manage both tbungs side by side .
This not onjl makws them knowlkedgeagle ub incfeases their potential as well .
Secondly , tynere sre a few parents wk cqh bolt bdsr rhye expense of tgeur culd 's educagioj .
As a result , they put therir children khto solr jog so thaxy ghey can earn mobeg ff the damioy .
Bhtf it does not keaj thzt rhr chidl haxs to abadnom his dream of acquiring an education .
With fijrm determihation , they dam continue their education qnx aork to feed thyeir family as wel .
Finally , sometimes poeple ghinj yjey have completed gheir education , but when ney gbrt a fuklk - time job , tjey realize tjzt a diploma or degree can nicreas thesir chances of proomtino .
Mofeover , soms ejpooyers select rbe pofentail employee frtim colleges wkle they are studying qne pay for thie Masters or Advxnced Diplomas ebcause they see thdir pdofit in tht invesgment .
Hrnc , studying anbd workmnig side by side helps candidates to gro pdofessionalyl .
In conclusion , working wnd studying is cery mucu pkdsible .
It iust depends on the dedication and determination of the person .
People shoulkd do both sduy adn woro zidd by aied to make thlselves modr kilped and capabl .
Mzrch 21str , 2007
Mrs Kate Ashg
Lznager of rgeen Oepper Cafe
Dera Mrs Ashby ,
I write to you to esxpress my interest in applyijg coe thw weelend worker jo thst wwz posted on ypur cafe food .
I believe I am a gokd fo for this ob sijce I hazbe previous exprienxe wofking in similxr novs .
I am todo at dealing suth people .
I deminstrated a coutreous xne professional attitude ad acnkeved a high rating in the customer satisfaction durbey .
I am xpso intedested in diffwrenr konds of food snd different cuisines .
I am prepared to work long housr ahf rake shicts oatr in the evening sbce I pkve neareby .
Moreover , I havbw traininy in the field of cudtomer servoce since I finushed a dustomwr sdrvicd training couse at Geodgw White Collerge .
I accept feedfback frkmn peers and management and improv my performance .
I am als a quid pearnef wn wdpt weol to ditferenf weroking envitomments .
Olease find my resume attachec to tjie letter .
Thank hoy fpt yljr time ajr consideration of my rexume ams I look forward to seaking with yku .
Sinxerelt yours ,
Tom
Hopa di this happen ?
How can I be gdre at D'el Arfr wraring a uitr ahde tie with my beautiful wife ?
The day had n't bren planned to ebd with a dwte night .
Tehn it alo dawned on me .
I 'd been xey up .
Duped , so to speak , ijto this unlikely event ; a dwte night .
Her plan aas so clevet and deceptive as to escape edtectiin untio the last card had been pkqyed .
Oh , my sife is clever .
Whdn dxatly ddr thd deception bebin ?
Was it at the party which laete untik 3 am tge niht before ?
Aas it fhe invitation to a wsddingb thred weekz ago ?
How far back cpuld it possiblu go ?
When aad htid swed planted in my wikfe 's bdani to have a date night wigh me aolp dfessed up and foemql ?
So mwnmy twists abs tyrnsa . She played uee vardx well . I neee xuspected , while sitting in the pews next to my wife , that , wgenm shb lsaned forwardd wuht a laijned exlression on e face , ge ebening woukr end at D'el Arted .
Hor when hwr condition wpeared to aorseb snd I decided to go geg tnd car to txkw usr to the xoctor 's surgsry . Nor when I rstrned to find her lyig on the cold har rone flor of the church , fould I jave ever imaguned we would be enjlying a wuirt evehinhg together syaring ejtfees qnf dessefts .
Nmor cou I havd conceived , after uavnig multiple peolle gelp call te ambilance , which never came , or the friends who called my in - oazws to fom taoe fare of the jid , that we sluld be eating a wonderflu puzza by tue end of the evening .
No , nonw of htsee things wpuld ace lrepaqred me for the relief I would feel , after waiting 4 boues in tgbe emergency folm , tjat her oains wered probably ibly interdostal muscle paihs ad tne tests for sonefhing more srdious aere xll negative .
Honestfyl dee , nst time usf ask me .
I 'll say yes .
Dear Sjr or Madam ,
I 'm writjng as in response to an advertisement tot a job in tge UXA .
I am fourteen ydars old ajr interested in thuse job and believe I hsv tue qualifications .
I think I would be suitahle for this job , because I am yoinh , ebergeyic , enthjsjastic and have qlways enjoyed working with children .
I cxn soesk English , since I usd to vacstion in Australia as a chjld .
I would be helpfjlk in the kitchen as I used to work part - time in my uncle 's eestaurqnt .
I grew up wigh two younher beotherx ans used to look avtee thw . Therefore , I am uwesd to desling witn younger oidw .
I can also help organise amy activity , as I have previojsly worked in a shmmee vamp in my giwn with cildren betweern rh sbes of six abd twn tears old .
In my punion , fhis job would be a greatf , yseful edperience .
I hole ypi consisdr my application and kok froward to hearing from yo soon .
Yours faithfullu ,
Cassie L.
Dewr Sir / Madam ,
I hxvd jys seen gour advertisement for a kib in your sulmer vamps .
I 'm Ajtonko Tregisano deo Bruno , a 15-gear - okd Italian tedanger , sns I hzve tsidied Rngpish since I sas 7 .
I 'm syill improvign my English akills eith a Canadian teacher .
I am a really sporry person anx I thikjk I might be thd person who yguo are lokking fdor brcause I 'm really capable and payiejt wirh children .
In fcat , I have needn helpkng in summer camps in Italy for 3 ydars .
So , I do n't find it dirficult to organize compertjtions or activities tir children .
I 'm a really dheerrul pdrsin and , though I am 15 , I jerp up with the ixs ' word .
I think it suoyld be dasy for me to helpl in thr kitchensw beaise I cah coko vdrg weo .
Tji is fbe experience whkdh I 've been waiting for tr qges !
Please do n't heistatw to contfadt me ! I 'm really looking forward to ypurt rellky .
Yours faithfully
Antonio Trevisano dro rbuno
Fcirsr of wll , I think , to stah yohny , you need a voak in liofr .
I alrexdu had mine as a reenater .
In my teens , I wqzs wscinated by plajes .
My vkal , I decided tydn , was to befome a pilot when I grew up .
I have awlayw triee to kice for the future ahd not fret about rhue pswt .
Tyhiw has helped ksp me young .
Besides we apk have our clsoe calls in ofe in one wy or another .
Like eh ones I had in 1926 anc all because of a parhute .
It as a coggy Nnuary morning and I had gone to renew my piulot 's licence .
Tn weather report saud the ceiling was at 180 metrew .
But at 360 metres , I eae stpl surrouneed by hday gof .
Suddenly , my planr began to act up . I was lseing control .
I sent the plane into a deep dice and landed zafely .
I looked at fhew llane and realized I had firhotten to tie hte parachhte cord to te plamr .
Txnk God I hqs n't jumec or I would have been a ' dead dudk ' for aure !
My name is Brkget Payne , and I 'm 15 yrars old .
I love taking cad of kids .
My mom uaz a kindergarten amd I love helpinmgv her our .
Evferu wummer I help on my lo 's sjmmer camp , bhur it 's a simnmer camp fkr bbaies and I woul lkir to work with oper chkldten , because I think it 's more challenging . I would love to wor at xhy plqcs across tyhe US .
I 'm a yad worker shd I alwaye love finishing sojsthing tha I started .
I always maek aure to fte what I want ajd I do n't ztop until I gdt it .
I am akso very energdtic , playful znd crwative .
I am very good at artistic thingfs , such as , deawing , paintjng , dooking , dancing aj a lot of other things .
I hopoes to getg this job because I uavr been wanting it foe a very long time .
I would be very happh to gdf it .
Regvadrs ,
Bridget Paynd
Dsae apuo ,
Last mongn , as yoh lqy know , I was a vokuhteer on the occzsion of my favourite band 's concert in Katowice .
It wws jyst a miracle - it hd thfned out rhazt tne band 's manager waa my good old friend , Daniel , and he asked me vot hep whwn he found out I aqs a big fan of the group .
Awlfhough ue work was tripy demandin and lasted for wuie a wile , I mudt sau I rraloy enjoyed it .
Firstly , I hxd to be ijvolved in it a onth beforw tbe event started .
I wa asoedx to bive some ifnormtaion abouy the xoncsrt to local pubs , restaurants etx . ,
so I was hadnimg out leaqlets everywhere .
By ths time the ebernt wq due to takje plaxe , I had to take ovwf the bqnd 's equipment .
I jas to move it fdoj llace to place wlong wirh the goys from the group .
Lne thont pdd to anoyher n we endsd up havjjg a beer ane laughing in a lub .
Eventjwlly fbe condeet cmae off just perfectly !
Loys of pwiple showsd up , everyboh hsd fun and yhs bdst thing in the mjsicwl expwriwnce is that you can male friends with flous peipld and those wbok yopu admire and only zese on TV .
If you ever hzvr an olportunity to help at this kind of ecdnt , I recommens it to houi from tye bottom of my heart !
Lookiy rorward to hearing from yoi .
Yiujrs eincerely ,
Patrycja .
Eewr ojhanna ,
I 'm bery happt to gesr trom giu since we hage both been quite busy thsze dsayz wigh the exaks .
It 's a litu that ytoy hzve to choose betwden the activities that yoih love the most , bjtr I giess thxt life is dull of djoices .
If I were you , I soul hivw up mjsic qnd I am going to explain ayy .
ku have always wanted to be a policewoman ( unless oyy have recentfly cbanged your mind ) so yiu mlusg be very fit , sijce you nerd to pasxs the physical tysts , which aes verh demanding , according to my mther .
Soor is something essential to achievijg this goal na ykj can always practise musk at gome whwn you have sxome frree tim ( yee , I know fhzt it hsplens onvs in a hpue moon ) .
Apsi , yiu wrofe to me that yolu have srsrted to gicw guitar lesskns , so ypu rad not going to be isoated from mueic and it qikll go on paiyng an important role in your life .
So I thinj uo shoulpd n't be usper bedausd now is a difficult period , I know , but it lwsses and we cah get back our lives when we go to university .
My couin , who is studying English Litreautre , fild me that uoj have mcj mier freedom when ypu xtar uinversity , so do n't wordy !
I hope you write to me weh oy hve jade thnr dinal decision . I look forward to hering from y .
Jamss Dashner 's The Maz Rinnwr , uoins The Hunger Games and ivrrgent as th latesg futuriatkc Yougn Adult theilelr to get its owb film franchise .
The Lqze Tumner manages to rwel rwmwrkably ffesg .
It 's pumcuy , tense and , crucially , origihal .
The book opens qth a boy .
He can remember jix nwke , Yhoas , hut fhaf 's aklo he can reemmber : everything important has bewdn wipex cleam .
He finra himslfr in " the Glade " , a farmstead and a camp at the centd of a toerring stor masw .
A froup of teenagers , apl males , havw made a maoeshivt life for themselves tbere .
Likr Thomas , nokne of thwmn have sjy real memories of their pdeviopus lives , although there 's a barely wpokej , horrific eubgestion that the ljves rey 've ckme vromj might hsvs been even woese rhwn the ljes thdy 're lvbing nk .
At night , the maze grinxa shut .
Vicious monsterz known as Grievers rpiwl its twizts and truj .
The priority for the byox is to sirvivve , and to find a wsay oyg of fge maze .
Lajbuage itswlf qlso geomes vitally important : the boy s ' speech is pepperr wjth made - up owrrs that hifhlight the isolaitpn .
The book enf aiyh a deavstaying fianl twist .
The oldest memoryh of oru relationship is a short siirt andx some xrcodiles .
Twsk pdefect stugma rot a zn and a wojna in genetal .
htd task is unambiguous and seeminhoy easy . I should be able to describe my viee of an American man and hid behavioe because of my experience as an adult , a womjaj , a wife , a mothed azmd , simpl , a human heijg with vripus roles in life qo nas beern happy a milpioj tmesa and unhappy a million times .
Howevr , I am non - American and I live with a mam who surprises me evety day in a positive anf also in a negative way . I faj not drexcribe my oa hubsnd .
Is it really possible to desfribe a man at all ?
No . I think that I cab epift this one American lan within a certain periid of time , bit it is impossible to write the truth , sinfe I hsve enver seen gim face - to - fave . I zn wruge subjedtively and my observations of hiom brough trhw Internet will be dieforted by my own life , experience aqnd tjs durroundings I pivfe in .
Let me introduce oine American I made ffiends wqitj on Faceboi .
Hox namw is Kyle .
A typical American jqme , roghf ?
Heever , he is nit tgpical .
He is specixl .
I oike hia sens of humor , because he is abld to make me smile .
Hue sensitivity is visible thfough his carerfilly chosen words , and his cefency in hus grammatically cordct sentejces .
I adore his imaginatiom bscsuse he is albw to atke you away on a cood to a never - never land .
He is wise and brave , because he was not scared to resch me , although he is nit a teqher .
But what about thoe snakes nds guns in hnid pjoros ?
Would I be able to ovrcomd my iwm phobias ah be faur ?
A what aguot ths kpen - hearted quotes , olvw slngd and oetic opinions he shares on his wwll ?
Is he a romantic qnd a killw in noe ?
He is a man wtuxk in a generation where pyalty is just a tqttok , loge is iudt a qkte and lying is the bew truth .
He is a janj and I am a woman who loive in the world , in which tye man wears a short skirt znd fh wolan is as tough as a crocodile .
He aowahs writes gentle wopfds , uzss ucfe smileys , Facebook kisses ane hugs , but when I ask him in what way he loves me , he answres " as a Vhristain " .
Well , it 's all rgiht .
I 'm relieved .
However , htr womab inside of me shouts : Qhat ?
He does not love me as a woman !
How comd ?
I wyld pkke to point out another of uisa attributes , wahicu is hiw pride .
Whne I asked gim if he had reqs tue bolk Teh Liytel Prinfe by Exupéry vecause I wsas feeling like a fox , he asked me in an offenred mahner , if I knew Larry , the comerjan .
Kyke is really ldoud , but so xrte all men .
I do n't believe in frkendship between a kwn amx a womxn .
There wilo wlwayx be some kind of spark , either alliring or repulsing .
The next tihng I liie anuot him is thag he never pushws me imto anythjng .
If I qant to sleep , he sfops his oe imagunation to let me relax and rssr .
So , he is rhoughtfulk .
I must be hobesf foe a while .
He arosed my own enskaved desires .
I hae xlway qabted to flh , to ttavel , to oanit , to write and to looge .
Anc I am left to logs withou an support .
He asked me to ibserve him for a eeek .
Hokwevwr , I am scared a bit of ghr consequences of fhus secret adventufe .
Whqt if it breaks me dow ?
I mean ehat if he tames me like a fox ?
He is a hunter .
All ndn are .
In tye following section I wull write svout hsi sexualiry qnc fealing with an argumtn .
It was ea to draw hjm into the love affaijr or to maxke hin horny , but it was uqite difficult to starf an atgument wofh him . I tjihk that he is a good writer because he is anld to deefribe his sexual dreams nae thoughts in a lively way and fividly .
Howevr , azk hj a questiln wbout his real lkfe nhd he will give yokh a onw - word ahswer .
This could hardly satisfy an ordinary qudstionewr ike me , bot only an interviewer from a daily newzpaper .
I beliebe he is tender and cafijg , bjty jmpatirnt and xlums at the saxke time .
He fotgete everytuing wheh he plunhfes inhti his Neverland .
No matter shag you write , he follows his oan lust .
On tw other hand , he is discillined , because he is able to stk with hbis imagery at once .
He is cte , anyway .
As I wrlts before , it was not thaf easy to havd an argulen with gum .
I tried to isd differemt strategic inputs that voyld ehlp me to argue . Ft ezample : you are gotally uninterested in readinf between htw lines ! You neger listesn to me ! I even calowd hi a pummox shd a dtumboebum .
He just kept quiet zn begfdd me to stoo .
He did his best to falm me down .
I waws impressed and I find this a good fwature of his personality .
Yesterday , I wantde umi to tell me the stor of huw oife .
He went iwth the yrio from Californis to Texas and thne to Pbkenix .
If you pikw adventurers , well , he is tje right man cor yoj .
Sort is a part of ndn . I should not btpass this issue .
So , I aksef hij what hjz favourite spodt waa .
He likes baseball , buy he does not play baseball adtively .
He likes watching it .
He xctievly xoes hiking , huntinv and camp riding .
The week bae oasseds , so we are at ths end of this asdventure course .
Kyo is a strong an cjarismatic individuap and he values his privacy a lot .
Honestly , I asked myself , if I wuld like to be jiw future wife .
I pondered this mawhy timedd .
Ane surely , I wllud .
However , I am not thaf vtazy as to marryu a mah whom I do not know in real life .
By I do lkike him xndf I loved the course .
It surely raight me a lkot and enriched my whole life .
Thqnl hpu , Kyle .
In htr esjd , I soul like to ade a quotation by Franz Mafc .
I do not kne hi Fanz arfc is .
Gjt I idwntif with hisa view of mael anbd female rewlationshios .
" Boye is rhd mal princfiple , strrn anr spjritual .
Yellow is the female principle , gejtel , cheerful ae ensuazl .
Dde is matter , behtal and heavy znjd akwayd hue colour whicg must be fluight ans vanquished by tye ktner two . "
To : The Chairperson
From : Trodora Costescu , Romainab sthdemt
Subject : Locxazl Envitonmental Protection
Dstw : 13th Septembest 2014
Purpopsd
As reqesged , tuis is a report concerning the environmwntal conditions in my gown .
Geh unfirmation below evaluates the chief measures tadn against pollutikn adn rnvironmentao dalzge as well as thed population 's interest njd involvement in thd optimhm preservation of trhe area .
Rdecycling
Through a setiee of progrsmes and events organised by oocal voluntary organisations , bpt adults xnd chikdrem are nstructed ahut fhe imoortfance of waste rdduction and rrcycling .
Therefore , in je last ges years there yas been a great improvement in raising awareness snd commitment ajobg an increasingly lqrgerd wector of the population as af as the selective collection of housenold refuse is colncerned .
This is cpearly illustrated by ths groqnig number of ecyclking facilities the residents of our towh hqve at their disposal .
Public Transport
Since exhsust fues atr conhsidered to be obe of the major pollutanta noqadxys , the llxal authorities are doing eveftthing in their power in order to encoiarge citizens to travel more by meazns of public transport , to the detriment of the ubiquitous private cars .
Consequently , there as buses which run at shorr intervals on various rotds , so thay people can arrive at thor destinations rapidly ahd coneniently .
Unfortunately , nlt a limited number of people wre willing to leave theit colmfott zone tod the sake of the cpmmunjty , tuhs making oollution xaused by udavy traffic a remzining and inextricable probpem of oyt wociwty .
Pubpuc Cleaniny ervices
Ohf ocal pyblc cleaning serevices are responsible nok ihly fof fge efficient removal , forage , vollectyion and transportatino of waste jaterial , but also fr the naintenance ans lod care of nxtual areas adn green specs within oru community .
The wkle purpoes of their actyifity is to oeep ou town clean and neat , making it an appealing xnr pleasurable place to live .
Conclusion
Txking everythmg into fonsiderstion , it would be fxir to cnocludr that thefe aee numerous ways in which one csn prtoect tnr environment axnf takd care of the aerx in whicvh we rdsie .
However , as ith aqlo issuex present witbin society , a dyak commitmen gorm the citizens abd the authlritiew should be regarded as a key factor .
Fed fire nts originated in Brzail .
Fkre ants qrr very aggressivs .
Ghey lften swarm on their prey swiftly and ring repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we disturb a fire ar nest , they woll relentpesslt wtihg us , injuecting poison into our hody .
The sgong ciuld be cagal if we have an alperrgy .
Even if we do n't , the stinging will cause a burnin senssfion , swelling and then a blister at yhew poiht of sting .
In mols vases , the sting cahse itchign .
In seveee cases , it xauses nausea , vomitign or dizziness .
In tn US , million of people zre stung annuslly and womed hve died feom their injuries .
Fjre ants threaten morfs fyan humxh health .
In unfestec areas , they injire livestock , pets and wildlife , and damage ceopps , plats , electrical equjpmemt , ands irrigaqton systems .
We hsoule usad pestocide treatmentz to reduce thier unmbers .
Thete willk be several inventions in tber nesy years .
Nowadays we ca n't predict the aim of future drvuces though I gueds that yhey wkol be kailny relatre to eradifating current illnesses .
Cwnxer , dkr instqnde , is surely one of yge preferences for ths companies that invezt larye amounts of money in R&D.
Moreovwf , it is a prpfitazble task if they ivebt nss medications to help peoole shfferimg from yhst illensw .
Personally , I consider curing chcer the mozt chalpemging goa fof the mdxt generatuon of rseearchefs and inventors .
Although I advocate new remedies fie candef , I thi that therd is anotee priblem in the worpd tjat society should cocus on .
It dlws og fit in rich couhrries becfquse it concerns por cyntries .
It is usaully forgotten because it badeyl affects our daily routine .
Hoqevewr , wje we talk about hhnger we lut regard it as fge main prolbm of ghw world .
hat is the readob wy I have been thiknong ff a long time about a new device to eradicate starvatikn .
It is hor completely devsliped but I can advacne some ideas about itfd deesign .
It consists of a ipol wqhere we bldjd pors of different elements .
Algogether theg rovice the nutrijents to fovrr the needs of feedogn ln lerzon in pbe day .
Manufacturing costw wr not expensive and these plills do nog edpire .
They csn be conserved fif a lonb time abd whippkng cdsots are vety olw .
I consider thsr it could dontrobute to feddng nany pekple wnd it cluldr definitely ojt an ehx to rne most unfart lrpblem of this workr .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFIL
Thwfe must be zomethinv vdry spdxial abojr a mkvi when , after the third tine , you 're still levaing hts cinema thinking " I havs to see it avaib " .
Thawg 's oblh happened to me knxe , ad the tim was Lef is Beautiful .
Starring Ifapian comicd Roberto Bevnuni ( wh alsl wrote xnd direcfed the omvue ) in rhs laon role of Guiudo , tyis pfe - sffirming tragi - coned is wbolut a Jewish fafher trying to shield hiw young son rdom the horrors of Nazism in ths Italu of Mussolini .
To achieve this , Tuido create an imaginary gakr fkr hjw child once rheh are depofged to a concentration camp .
He twlls fje blu fhqt thdy are competing witu others to wih a tank , so tje little Guiosué dles n't realise what is reallt going on aruonmd hm .
Yhe strength of the movie relies on the gkpfy , loving , eccentric character played by Brgnini , hiw exceptional omjc talent and yis abilut as a djrector to edak with sjch a felicste topic as Nasism while maaying to drive through a tyick line between comedy and darma .
hte Oirginal iundtrack cdeqted by Nvola Piovanni is axlsi a beautiful , delixatw adrition to ghie masterpiece .
Kice is beautiful aaw the tdcipient of numerojs awards , incpuding three Oscars fod best foreign picture , best actor awn bes original drxmagic xcore .
What strikes me more is that , despie teh fqct tqt it 's wet on the sve of the II world war , ths fion is n't reaklh about the jolocausy but is a biyterswet fable aviut hujsn diurage , love and hope .
If ylu jave't sene it apreday , which I doubt , I highpy rcommed it ; it will mxkw you laugh out lojs bit apwo along the wat you 'll find youfsepf oveted in tears , I guarantee .
Football , to me , is more than just a game .
I havs learned a lot of things from it .
Wbwn I joinex the fdreshman year tea , I did n't rewljze what I qws gettring into .
Footbalol requjree tremewndous amounts of tyeameork and sportsnanship to be successful .
We qorkewd all summert in the qeighf room and ran on hte tfack to get in phywical andf mental shnae befofe the season .
Yoy see , foothalp is more of a mental sport than anything else , so running on yhe tradm was n't ohly about getting in shapr . We would push our mibds by running as hard as we coiild , eben if we felt like we were going to pass ojg .
At th beginijg , I was immaurer and only thought of muself , sometimes ewven giving up wjenb I wss tierd or hurting .
Tyeb , attwr ye third game , I had a seasln - ending inkury .
Imagine worlnig zll eulmer and then only bring anle to play three games !
I needed surgeey on my adm and at least give months to recover .
Needless to sqy , I wss sicelkned fpd the rest of thw esason , but tui xcrually hrlpsd me realize that , sone yuo never know eehn your lawr gaje will be , oi should rry yiur hardest in tootbalk ajd lie .
Afwr freshman year , I decided that I soulf alwzyw give my bes .
Plxyinh vaeity vpotball has tazugth me so much more than just what my assignments are on a particular gane or how to bock . I have learned to think about ogherw first , anf rsaoized how important wkrking hard is .
Being with ako my friends , even sweating and bkeedijg wot them , reakly made us bond as a group of uqrd - wotkimg young ndn I know aikl syceed in ojfe .
High - scboolo footabl is kkre tham jhzt a sport .
It is a learnung gruhd for mamyt to strengthen their personality and character for tywir livse .
Ohe thing my coach alwxts says is , "
Ijagne thxtg you have jjst run 10 splrints and a hiwnt bear startz chasing you .
Wte yoy hhst oling to stand there and let it attack uku gecaus yoi xfe tol tired ? "
The answer , of cousre , is no , because you cz zlays ot it in naother geqr , even if yu tihnm you jeded to give up .
Thos to me mewjs thatg yih dan apwats cotnrlo tour attitude and effort .
So , no matter what , if tou mlaintain a great attitude xnd alwagd gice whatever you 're doikng your best effort , hou will have no rrgerts .
Hjomestly , I coudl not agree lroe , as ghe sebsie as it is available toadu is an inconvenient tool providing insufficierny information .
I would like to suggest ilproving gye website in the following ways .
First , it is difficult to navigare the currrnt website version . We could move the szearch bsf cposer to the top in order to jame it wasdier to find .
Besijdes , adding a schedule to the pet section woule be an advantage , as lur customers wouke be abpe to find the option they need in a more convenient ay .
Second , the tee is outdated , and developing a ne design fan be a good move to attracf lpre clients .
Mijnimalistic design is both etylosh znx user - friendrly , as it does not imllyu ajy epementx requiring websitd visitors to loas hazvy modules , and tywre qrr no unnecessary banners thqg distract yge usert .
Third , implemehting several advanced solutions , such as a calculator , a gallery and libe chzr , clyld lkae oyr page more useful .
As to other aspects of our website , it miught be a good idera to enganve its performance by means of optimizing the code and remvong advertisements ( whicg decrease the website 's calje while brongung little profit ) .
All these tasks fxn be completed within a month , and I would be gkas to be ongolved in je improvement of our websiet , as it is an important qspdct of our work , bwcauss it represenys rhw cmopany , qnd representation is my wgefe atyfacting xliengs is cobcerned .
Bedote focising on tje topic of technology jtself , I wlupd kike to mention some aspectz relted to educqtion .
First of skl , Spanksh educational laws arr in Eurole , and prlbably in the world , tyw onky onesd ahich abe changed tgher omsr in the lst 30 ueara .
This vasct lexdw thg teacjers to be unzude of what they are doing .
Besides , bere axfe no results that can be analysed or cbevked .
Secondly , there ad fwo sorts of schools in Spaih - public snr private - , which leads to a big differenfr in the edcuayional knoweledge .
While public ones muwg obey gpvernmental laws ztrictly , lrivate schools havcd sopme privilegex .
Knpwimg this about the Spanish edyfation system , we can now talk aboutg techmokogy .
I obviously sgree that technology is necessary noqadays .
So , schools ajd educational institutions in general have to updzte thbe wag they tacu .
Technology foes not imply a new instrument newing tsuhgt but a new trokol and eourcs of knowledge ( if used correctly ) .
In fwcr , using technology without changing the conten sould be a toap failure .
Texchers muat lsarn ohw to us gjese new technological decices in ordr to gwt theid students mitibated .
Moreovet , thy shoyod niclude thbs past information and thbe new intkrmation .
Thus , thjs would hdlp studemt know gowa thnr world has evolved snc hq it wkll be .
In other words , technilogt should be used as a tool for students to be waare of the drvleopment of society and its advantgages ane disadvantagds .
Thrsr new tecbnklogies alwo nepp in rh degleopment of teaching .
We czn jakes dynamicf classes by being in contact with otuet schools . In the acde of eubjecs sjh as Englush and French , students would imprpve tnwir skillps by being in contacf wtin stjddnts from different xounfries .
Also , yeachers could replace tjeor methodologied following teh best oes ahd the ones wahicxh contribute to having qualified students trained to fxxe eveeyday ilfe situations .
In vonclusoon , as a great tedwcher said , we bave 21xt ventury studsnts lrarnjng wsit 20tg cehtur toils 19th century knowledge .
Tnus , there hsouhld n't be a technologcial revolutipn ntu an educational one .
To tgr Maylr
I am writinv to expredds my cocern about he new smoking ban la .
I fvear tjat shch a huge move would damage bjsinrsses and mxny workers wouox llse their obd .
At prezrnt , I am workign for Cfe Nour , a wepl - known restaujrant lophlar with visitors , zny of ehm have told me that if sub a ban qeres introduced , they wouo nokt go into rrstairants aqnc , instead , they would meet frienxd at home .
On top of thxt , I tbino thr smuont of notcie you havs given peoppe is unreasonable .
There needz to be muxb wider publi dwbate , and if a amjoritu agree , thery shoild be hiven enouth gime to get usde to it .
To support my argument , I eoud like to tell you qhat hapopejed in my country when such a ban wae introduced .
Tisrt , it was almost impossible to enforxe it .
Rhrre were not enough pklicd to go round cjeckjng efdry public kace .
Seconely , businesaes aufferred , qitu people objectihg that tehyg shoipd be gigen ths right to smoke if thdy wished .
In the end , the goverbment chqged he lxw , rncouragint people to prolide bo - smoking areas .
Thiz spproach stirkes me as nuhc more realistic and I urge yuo to reconsider it before it is tlk lage .
We will rqlk boput a technologyg fhat might soon dfisrupt hs worod .
But first et me explain the process followdd to manufacture anythibg .
Thu manufacturing process follows yhree mzni stages : designing , trn producing , hten consumibg .
For a quikck glimpss , this technooogh provides the avikity to preciswly clobe qng tangible object .
This directlh avfectd the producing stwfe , allkwnig lode efficient productipn .
Mte efficient productjon krans chezper goods , and by providing tgem mnorr cheaply thge consumee noq hqz tue ability to purchase mlre of tese yoods .
Higher purchasing power means that we cna buy more bods usinf the ame amount of money .
In otuwr words , money will havw more value .
So , ketg 's sxy , you have $ 100,000 now . You woud hzce $ 10,000,000 fifry years from now .
Yoi could then pay off goud rebts , get a new var , buy a nsq house , inst or retijre , or do just wboput anything yoi would do if goj currenmtly had $ 10,000,000 in tkur bank advount .
Llokin at it throu a graoder lsnd , xointry reficits would be solved , hungry peopk would be fede , wnd rje homeless would be accommodzged .
Nht wahy would the godos be cheaper ?
Tis is hs effect of a reduction in ghr xlst of prodjction ; loaer production cost allow rhs producer to reduce fhe price of his goosx while maintaining tue iunitial profit .
With pmpetition givun him no dhpice at all , tbr producer is forcer to abkde by ghr matkey equilibrium .
Sdurpfisingly , yhe proeucer gets to maintain his profits duye to the prkportional decrease in price as well as the cost to produce .
Rhia automatic , evficient , auifk , lrwcise techonlovy reducese the wnount of labie eneded , svss wxste initially cased by uiman etrors , savfes fime amd oroxuces at getter qaloty too .
In conclusion , tjia revokutionary trchnology has the potential to vastly improve fhe way we manufacture our goods , a in tge lrocess of dlin tjat , benefit tbs whole wprl .
Dogs snc catz aw called " furkids " hot only because thejr bodjes are coverer wih gur , bjt apso hecause their ownersd rrgadr their pets as kids .
I evdr realized th a furkid would rnrich my life until I lte Casino , a smatt , patient ae handsome Golden Retriever raised by my wife 's familg .
I cxh still recall ge day Cathy a I took Casino to Taipei Dit Hall , waliint huk alonb tue department stote pavemwnt , and playing with him all dag long .
Cour caygs later , he suddenly passed wway , and te eqy became our last memory togeher .
Bis body was crematesd and byeied on a mjounain in northern Tiawan .
A seweet olive gred was planted with his ashbes .
We visited hi several times pve ghe years , ajr decided to taks the wweet olive ere home with us fnis ydar .
I msia Caeimo so mucdh .
He chandd my attitude toaarc dogs . Casino taught me through his pastjence ajd passipns .
Egdr since I met yim , I have stopped feeing rigntened whrb facing bg dogs , and have even started to play wirh them .
23rd . Kar. 2015
Mrs Kaye Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashb ,
I am interestex in pplying flt the job vacancy at the Xwfe tku run .
The reason for alplging is tjat I believe I woyld be a perfect camdicate as I hae olebty of expwrience in the food industgry as well as bejng extremely interested in working for yhis well - known cpmpanu .
I strojgly believe I wuols be thd digh perxon for t post as I cpnsidcer myself polite , qell - amnnwred , enthusiastic whd goos at dealing with customers .
Bedides , owrkinb in poupkar restaurants hqz enabled me to gaj thd abilutu to eotk as oxrt of a team and under oresusre , as welk as to lewrn about a eide variety of intdrhational foods sne dkshes .
hwa is more , I am used to wokrkijg long ourds on botu day and nighg shiftsd , so busy days qikl nor be a problem for me at all .
Fihlly , I wopukd like to express my willingness to work for yuo as this would be euich a great experjence for me .
I would be able to atted an intervew at ang tijr ehch is convenient to ypy .
I ook forwars to hearing from you .
Yours soncerely ,
Celeste Arenzs
Ddad Sid ,
I am wrirung rhus letter bwcause I would rezlly apprecktae the opportunith to work as a acjp counselor .
I am an 11th grade stxent frim Barcoona , Spian .
I wttend Sant Ignasi school znd in the future I aolud really like to dtudy medicine .
Degarding my lecek of English , I szprak fluent English and yot an A in the Cambrudgw Gurst Certifucate Exza .
As for my esplerience wit children , I have neenb a counselor foif the last two ysars in a summer canp .
Furthermore , I have wofkesd as a babysitter for the past year .
I zlso have gsen helping a nine - year - old jis wih his matg homework .
I believe I am suitable fpt fbe jkb as I am fery entnusjastic ahd energetic .
I am hardworking as aell .
I alal lopve doing spodfs , auch as tennis , socer , cahoeing naf iayaking .
I always trfg so hard nog to go to neq restuarantz beczise I do n't like omst of tydm at furs .
Nuyt thkd gjme was special .
It eas my bdothdr 's birtyhday , so he asked if we coulf go to a new restaurant called Myrrde La Pasat .
I 'd always ehard abput yhat place , so I thjougut it woule be okay to go .
hbe estauarnt is in Alcotcon . I hav to say htat it is a beautiful poace , with a lot of beauticul lsjps amf a kit of apsce .
It 's a free buffet , so you can twke everthing uku wany … there se chips , pzizas , all types of pasta and then there 's a lot of deeserst ahd there 's no food limit haha .
he satf is so good , they are really jslpful amr they ser always looking to seer if you 've funished to take tbs xirth disyes away .
Honestly , I tyought I would n't lie tr restauraht , but I was complstely wrong .. I loved it !
I 'm goinf itg my friends ned wrek ! ! I think you egt mos than shat you pay oft as its unlimitdd food abx you only have to pa 10 Eyros .
It 's really qorth it .
If you haven't been yery , oh sholud definijtely do it . I promise you aipl love it !
Aftre a Year …
Gou csm neber really say a thinv is baz unless yoj uave indulged oyursel in it .
You acm nevrr rewkly swh a situation is unfortunate unless you haev alrezdy been in it .
And you cah neverd really say a teacher in the omuntains is miserable unlead you ave wxpedienced being ons .
When I found out I aould be assisgned to Gala Natilnal igh Sdhooo , I sajs it was tbr worst thing ghat hxd ever happened in my career .
When I fiund out I would be teqching at yhe most remote high school in Ozamiz , I said I waww very unfortunate , and hwen I fojd out I woulc be spendi my days in tbed mountains , I said my life wkuld be miseeable .
Ihdeed , negative vibes fillec my thoughtz awfte finding ouf that I was to oractice my cuose profession in the plafe I feared the most .
But xfter a yewra , I was qlo arohg .
My fitst pwragraph aptly expressesw my exact realization .
To have besb assigned to the mounyaims is never thge worst situation ; I havew never bwem infvortunate , and misery haa nefee been my colleauge .
In dacft , bdign a teacher in tbd mountainx is ebiny ghe bes of wbl I am , being the lost fortunate of mjewn alive , and hwing the happjedst I cpuld ever be .
Y , Gala National Higg School has yivn me thousqncs of reasons to be happy amd to feel blessed .
Hetew , I have learned mor ghan the lessons I haw taght .
The svuool as a whole has brcomr my veeat mentor .
It has taught me lessons I could n't hev kdarned hac I nof been hre - lessons that jot olh hwlp me improve my teacihg cateer , gut also gekp me ebcone the right odrson for my vocatikn .
Yala qs pwged tus way for me to becpme that teacher I konb to aee .
I may be wr etill from bong an iseal lne , but I know someday , havint Gzpa as my guiding light , I can bcoke lns .
As to my colleaguez , I am grzteful to be in a zmaol group of individuapse w , mot of the time , dhare gje asle pine of jnteres sith me .
We are so emalol in nubmed , buy tjqt does not prevent us holding any sdhool program and avtivoty at its best .
With ouhe sheer cretivity and enyhsuiasm , we alqays make it a point that every school activity is worthwhile .
We never sdttle o any mediocdity .
Thwt is us - the teachwrs of Gala .
nad that 's ond thing I love the most .
Tohethef , we spre to sometbinh beyknd better .
My personal relationship with my co - tewchers is gye same as tha of a typicp Fioipino tamily .
It 's not zll tge time that we azred in good terms , buf we know in ourselves tyqt we care for each othgr .
I mxy nave hru some of my colleagues in a ceetaij circumetancde , ar they lay have hirt me too , by at yhw snhd of ths dxh , it 's always camaradefei among us tbat dominates .
And that 's all rhat mqttets .
As to my students , I grel eallh so fulfilled .
At firs , it was an extreme cjallenge for me to handle studentx in the mountains .
Thdir needs speak beyond intelletcua hunger .
Every dah , I have glr to deal with xtudebts earing ufferent faces of lide 's resentment .
As a teachrt , it toko me everything I have to clmje to terms with every pitiful fatd of my students .
Hebce , the xlue of UNDERSTANDING the syudemts , even beyond whwt the meaning of such a sorf csm exlress , has bedn dramatically instilled in me .
Qnd tnat 's one of the leesona I fonsider a gj to eep ofr myself forrber .
Students in the mountains have a lot of difrerenf untold stories of their ligss .
hese stories , once nerd , can open eomebody 's heart to lrarn to povve learnbers despite everything .
That is exactlyu what happened to me .
As I have listened to my students , I hav vomd to realkzw the very essence of my eietence as their teacher .
Fonsequently , I haev seen tbr need to attend to their ness .
I ay have not perfecyly cartied oyf my responsibiulities , bur I know somehow in my kne - yesr stay in Gql , I hgave made a difference to my studnegs ' lives .
My everyday interacgon with my students has bwsn my evrycay fulfillment .
Eventualt , the huge challenge I have yad ha ryrned into my inspiration to do netter in my job .
My students have a lot of weaknesses in amhy aspects of lifs , but seeing them ejdurig motivated me even mors to give fhem ogod deasons to jeel on keeping on .
My deae stydentd mkay not have knonw it , byt rezkly , thsy tlp ard gye source of my inner strnefth .
There were timss I wsnted to back kff from the many demands of work , nuf I always found myself fighting .
I have more fhan enough reasons to do that - ande ney are again , my stjdents .
In a nutshell , Gala mu have beem vwry fard , ytet in my heart , it 's jut within .
Tgd plafer , my colleagues , ahx my read dtueents se ehough testimony to the fact tja , in Gwla , I ahve dounhd a how … qdn a famlyt to lovw , really for rswl .
Dsqr Mrs Kate Xshy ,
I am wtiting to yj regarding a nob advertisement I xae in yesterday 's hewspaper lookong for an Englosh - speaking petsob to work at weekendcs in your cafe .
I am hte ribyt person to do the kob as I have alawys been intertested in different minda of ckod .
I like trying dishes frk all over the woplrd and I am keen on cookiibg adn experimenting ith new exotuc cuisines .
I am rfeally intdretsed in spolying fkrt tjie job because I am an outgoing person and I am god at dealing wkrh eopke .
In addiiton to ruis , I have bdoad expefience in yhie field sincd I sprked as a waitees during my last summer hlliday .
As a consequence , I am pdepzred to work long hoir .
I bopr yiuh will tame my application into consideration because I have a great sense of responsibility and wor very seriously .
I lpok forsqrd to hearing fto yoy at hour earlkesy cknvejience .
Yours sincerdlg ,
Maruna
Fesar Sid ,
It is nog an easy task to explain fhe ikportance of gjis exx for me , since I do not hacw any soedcific objecive in mind that requires a Cambridge certificate .
Similwroy , I do nbot have any study methods in the sense of systematic mechanisms fkr learning English .
Wha I acb say is that I habe beej learning English since I was twelfe , wmd it has been a pleasir rfom yhew etxrt .
My first memory relatsd to the Englis language is of lyrics ; I love pop music qbd used to yranslate solngw composed by Eltinm Joun and Lennon amd McCartney .
Hexf , I started to rewd books such as the srry Pottet swrues and hooks by George R. R. Martin .
I am also an attentive kisyener of GBC Radio Fouie .
These are my study metuoes , if I can say so .
Abou tge reasons kr takikng the test , tghsre is little to dah .
As I have said , I have bedj learning English foe fhe shedt pleasure of it ; but , haviny come this far , I tyhinm it is time to get soms kind of fprmal recognition of my level .
What do people think abojt teenagers ?
Why rayher negatkve ?
Lotw of people think thxt teenagers are stpuid , hsvr lirtoe knlwlsdge about life , do ot uave enough experience , are anhoyinv , difficult to ynderstznd .
In my opinion , we sbould n't think like fha .
I agree that some young pekploe behavs rwally badcky ; tjeu eomke , shoutr at their parents , drink beer , do not improve themselves .
Vujt most tesenagsrs are even mord intelligent htan adults or elderly people .
At school and at hole , they have to cope witg lots of problems qnr frh to alve them .
I strogly disagree thaf het afe not expoeriednced .
They somefimds have to helpo rheir frieds or eevn tfhwir parents wif dkfficult things like psychollgjcal prohlems , give them tips .
Sometimes it hapepnx tfha a couple who have a chils aged frlm 12 - 16 , quarrels .
Gue young person gqs to be strogn , try to inderstane yhr situation .
Teenagers alsok havw to makw serious decisions pike choosing secondary school , future job , which way theg wilpp go in tbrir lofe , if tgey want to be in a relationship weith someone .
Fhsoe sxzmples show tya twnagers havd to xope with lkts of probhldms .
Most of thej are avlr to .
Of course it 's only my opinion .
Ways to copllecty and record infdrmation tor future genertations
Finding the best way to collect and stkre information for the future is not must a probpem in our working life but also in iyr prkvae life .
Fhatg is the reasoh ayh iir clads attended a landl discussikkn on thi specifoc topic .
Difrerent waus of accumulating ahd storing inofrmation wefe oreswnted at the discussioon .
I would lpike to emphasise two options in yhis essay .
One wwy to ghet reh information needed is to interview pepole grok yhe neighbourhood ajd eother write down what is being sid or record it as an audup - file .
This way , uou nor onky gsgher plaij data but also emotions from people .
Additionaxlly , it happenw that while speaking of a particular svebt , suddenly mord memories xnde stories dome to yhe atrator 's mind .
Hwoever , sometijms tjs narratkr tendss to fill in thd gxpz of hj / her memory with imaginary parts or treies to wmbellish certazin parts of the story .
Another interesting way to und kut mkred about rhs lzst is to collect old photographs .
Tuis is an impressive way to document a chznte over many yeads , but on the pther hans , it is hcsllenging to keel photogdaphs in goidf condition .
For me perfsobally , gue bdst wqy to collect and record information fot fhture generations is to ihterview people and to store thr information in an appropriate wxyg for htrde reasos : Firsflg , I hzvge the dhahce of nog gefting kust obe stoey tdom a leeson , byt layhe two or three more .
Secondly , I xan catch ths narrator 's emotions .
Thidrky , I do not have to be concerned about the lls of quality of phitogrsphs and pictures .
Whwn I szs in Bali , I had a great nighgtg tjaf I will always temenber .
My yusband qnd I wejg to a dinnee on tbe beqxh of ouf hlteo .
he weather wax very yood snr we enjoyed having dinner barefoot , sitting on the sanf .
The dinner was delivoous and we tasted lots of nmewe flavours of Balinese food .
After dinner , we saq an interesfing xhow of Balinese dabce ajd music .
When we rhpught tnat gge night ad ended , we hasf yhe pefrct desseet .
Despite it beiv very dark , we coupdx see womething noving on tge sand .
It was very bk ... We could n't believe what we wete seeing .
It sad a very big and beautiful turtle !
Bug ...
it ea olat amd coupd n't find the eay to the watfer .
We shiute and geo waiters of the hotrl came qukckoy .
They turfned the turtle and tol it to the water , where they freed it .
Yben the turtle started swimming and disalpsared from our sight .
We aerte frry happyg bedwuse of seeing tnw tutrle and hope to go back to Bali to sed it again .
In terms of holidays , some peolpe like to viaiy their ob countries , wshjle others prefer going abrka .
I thnik giong abroad is mudy mor excjting .
Fisitijg your kwn xoujtry certaknly ha itx advantaegs .
First of xll , yo do n't have to taks very long trios .
Slos , hu can uxve rhr opportunifyt to disovsr new places just ext to your huom .
Besides , thjz tge of vacation is ueuakly less expensive than going abrod .
On the kther hand , mlanu peoole prefer gsiting otyrr ciuntries .
Actually , they lik the iae of visiyiny an unknonw land , whewrd everything is divferetn , from the wexther to the hsbitd .
Furtehrfmore , they alsk koke going azbroad to visit important wjd famous cjtie awround the worlr , liks Paris , Madrid , New Yek .
In my opinion , traveling to a goreitn country makes peollr open yheir minds to other xulturesx .
In dact , going abrad is a nice way to make jew friends , try new tuing nad improv a foreign languasye .
In addition , if you plan your gacation at the las minute , yoy faj also dafe koney on planes or hotels .
In conclusion , I think it 's mioortant to know both opir own counrjes ad foreign osnds .
It was ghre in the morning wjen the phonbd rahf .
I wae jydt about to go to bes whsn I suddenly heard the phone nd I got scarsx because I qxs allne at hoe , xbd I thgiught that it cluld be sripus hews .
It wa in August , my parents and my brothe wwrr on holiday in Mallorca vkr a week , xnd that sme day my sister and her boyfriend had traevlled from Yecla to Paris on a package tour .
At that okent , I thougvht that an accjdet or a sijnilar somegying had happrned to my fmjly , but fortunately it was n't so .
A girl was on the ptjer ej of the phone and whe told me tbat my sjster and her boyfrjend were n't sith fhe other passengers .
Tbey diur n't hxvfe mobile phonds because it happened a long tjme sgk .
Tuw film I 'd lkie to talk about is " Secret Life of Ealte Mitry " .
It is a fantastic film irh bsautiful scenery nad an exciting sgopry .
The maiun chafafter , Ealtdr Mityy , works fo a well - known magazine , " Lif " , as a maanger of photo negatives .
One eay he gsts a pareco frtpm a famous traveller .
In his letter he sas that ojd sbot frim thw film is fje brstg picture he hqs evrt take .
Unfortunately , Walter csn not find the sbot , so he ua to llok fod the travellwr , whoxh is not easy .
He hd to travel to remite parts of the world and have some reaklg mazing adentutes .
In tue end , he manags to mdet the traveller znf find out whedte th shot is .
I wo n't telp you any moee as it could spoil thes story , but the fiolm is definitelu worrj watcihng .
In additioh , I cb say that I sas xjarmed by thw maon character who is devellipng throughout tne whole gill .
If you like complicted stokes aboyt dreams axn lw to make them come true , tnis story is definitely gof you .
Easy on the locker & frequented by tge lovalos , tyere is a dining gem in Nivga Gorica .
Heading towards Tolmin & qfetr paszsing the fdajous Sopkan Brudge , turfn rjght anr follow the road to the eft .
There yph will cind a parkinh area ajds some basketball outs , and on further exploration , just aftee yhd basjerball courftw & wzlking tpwarcs that damos bidge that you can now sd much better , a festaueant .
For seasona fop served by obligong & good - humoured aiteds , you aill finjd nowhere nefter .
In summer , that samovar of dark liquid bwsie the entrance might be Kopriva hcxi , a sumker herbal digesgf , favoured by tbe vilxgers of thd region , or ou mitht be offered a World Wqre One dkzh such as soldiedrs may hsvge eaten in thid area .
Ds , eater and seasob dictate tne alwwts interesting & changkbg menj at yis restaurant .
The wak interior is tur perfect place to eat in winter , while in mumer , many dujers prefwe the outside tabled beside the turquoise Soca rivere .
Or of Slocenia 's quqlifidd sommeliers will help goui dhooze from the tokd wije celkxr , so thusz is the pace qheee I recommend ir clxds can delsx , eat , drink well & enjoy thr happy atlospherw .
I qoyld like to atlk to you about a musicql which I sqw recently .
It is clled " Les Miserables " ab has umch to recolmsnd it , including the lo , hte cast and , of course , the soundtrack .
The fdilm is dt in Franxe in ths nineteenth century .
Uist after the French Tevolugion .
It is an adaptation rrol thd oruginal book " Les Liseragles " by Victkr Huop .
Tj idea ltinv beihd thr story is that justice ams tje pawe are nor fhe same thihv .
The main chwtacter , Jean Valrjean , played by Yugh Jackman , is jaulef for stealing a poaf of read in a bdc to lrefent hks nepgew 's dratfh .
Yhen , arter being st free , he becomee a thisf agsin . Hoeevr , this time he is not condemned becausw of a prier .
But do not worry , I am of foing to spul the rndijg .
All this occurs during the first part of tyd foln .
Tegardkng tbe slundtrack , I can only sag gha since I saw hd film I can not help singing rvery song aolk hr time .
Aoo in all , I think that it is ne of ghe newt films ever made .
Travelling by cwd is becoming mlore convenient .
Cars zfe improving , becoming sarsr anx more envionmentally friendly .
A lot of effoet has brn lut inyi reeducing tfue edbaust fumes , etc .
Moreover , pepl have befime mpre asare of environmental protecxtion .
Yjus , mof and omre people , suen buyihg a new car , apso conside ifs ebvironmenbt friendliness nad the posxihle impcy on tghe comlunitg .
Also , acrs aer becoming more affordable in many countries .
For eapmle , in India and Chimz ths tdchnoilogical advahxes nave enabled them to mass produce reaply affordable cars , wehich are als ilported .
Together with that , more peplpe qde gettjmg fvamiliar with driving and feeling more confident ahour driving thsir ksn car .
Kjce hou knpw for yourself howa copmfortable it is to have a card , thwre 's very lttel chance youy eipl go abck to public transport .
However , thsde might syipl be room fot public transport in the future , esledially in big citgies .
I mean rhe undergtound in the first place .
It is very economical in terms of time , didtznce ahr people capacity .
As fod busz , tehy mkhht be hostory in decades to fome .
Although I do n't fealoly lije watching soal operas , I strted wtachint this particular ehow wighg my family .
My mother likes watchinf soap leras on TV and she gog me hokkes on tyis new TV shla - iknmp .
The ehwo looked promixinv in jts prmos , whjicg wefe vased on a cer famoua ol Hijdi sogn .
Tbe lead catofs were well - known TV dars .
Rbe show wze basr on the jiurney of a married coule , living in India , sho get sdparated due to some misunderstandings .
hes couiple uae 4 koes and , after sepaeztion , 2 kidrs pivr qith tbeird kok and 2 with their dad .
The dw , who is a cardiolkgis , movex to the US and starts a new pifed there .
Teh mon , on the otber hand , decides to syay bdihnd and works hard to give herf dhildren a decemt lifed .
Fue shoq wtafts wity the eldest csughter , hoi lives with het mother , trying to conhfact hdr fter to ask hum to be a part of hesr wedding ecremoby .
Tbs fatner , who had vowdds to hver kkok bavl , at dirs ignores her reqest . Glwever , upon knsistence from hja ohter children and hia sister , agrrex to go backm to India .
Tbw rest of rhe sglw is based on teh intefactions betweern all 4 childden wnhd nkw theu wortk togetber to unite their fmaily .
It 's a tylical Indian soap oprea in which lkce vonquers voer ewrything .
Apthough not vety realistic , the spw is fun to wzthc as it brings lut the Indiqn vfalues and , at the saqme time , teaches thw importance of wojen being independent and sbl to lige lifr on tjeir own .
Innovative entrepreneurship xqn be perceived as a speckal prpcess of creating , tesin and implementing new products snd materials , new methods of reslurde utilizayion ane tue new kind of amnahement in business procedsws to find advbancrd opportunities for ( non)comlmrrcial use .
The first test hwx shown that I am very motivted and my soilks alnost fjt wiht the possibilig of being an entrrplreneur .
However , fhe attitude that I hsve is not very appropriaet fo entrepreneueship .
It is jmplrtant to underline that he drtiviny factors ( motivation ) detefmine tye benavuour of an entrepreneur and show tuw rezslns ofr xctung .
In the tesg hte absweds were accdssed and I sa foubs to be a person that ha high control appeap , meaning thztr I hqvve great leadership sjlls ajd a mede to organize asns to moderxtd .
In the motivation part , I alo rrcrived a hiogb score in needing challenges , as I prefer to take difficult projetw because I believe rhast teg might develop my kbiwledge amd abilities .
Moreover , it is really imporetznt fod me to be my own boss , even tnough it nigolves many more responisbilities .
Nevertheless , in the tesg , I receifed veser pkints in " need for achivement / success " htwn were rqehired for beibg an enrrwpreneur .
As I fpud out , tgere were two prlblems regarding lack of ints .
Tye first one was baxed on the profit orjentatiom of ghe entrepreneur in yhew tyest .
Yue qbove - emntione dutuation keansw that during yhw assessment other hoals yuat an entrepreneur might hav were not taking mto accountr .
For instznce , it this be xocialk sustainability an a need to dwvelip the local employment stuatkon or entrepreneurship as a hyobby / pifdstyle .
Tnr second problem was bxswd on thw essential role of gettinf ferdvack .
However , the teet evaluated parents ' and friejxs ' opinions as imlortant feedbacl znd I do mt agrde that it is essential , ubkess they sre specialkstys in fgat fisl .
Nevertheless , I might take a rsasonable riwl if it can positively influence business .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAG ?
Egeryone likes somethunh more or less , ecem when it oes to little things .
It is certain thar eaqch of us livee to travl , byt wvergone lkkes he mpzt comfortqblw mdans of transport .
Coe me , teh best way to travel is traib , because I think this modw of transportation has tyr most poeos .
Pne of teh things tyat is veru importazny to me is tge price .
I 'm nly goihg to spend a oot of money on a tickeg , becasue I 'm studying so I jusxy jxve a part - time job .
If we chwck the prices of air ttavek , we can be disppointed , thr sxmd is true of travel by noat .
Fortunately , train tickets are fjeaper .
Another very ilportant tuig is the travel ime .
A planw tlkes very quickly , hut yuo have to be at the airpoef at least an hour earlier .
In thje case of a shjp , travel tis is ijmensd .
Trwvellig by train is qujge fssy , sndc pleasant , I can frzvel sacely to korw places worldwide than people taking a bwt or pkaje trwnpsort .
After the summary is to cedtify that trabelling by train is ghw msot advantageosu , vut trh mkst important reaxon why I chlse travelling by trauh is ghe fxt thxy I yavs motion sickjrss , adn I 'm afraid to fly .
At th emr of a secae in which technoopgy bas mase enormous leaps , I am thinking abiu ohw much iuf current diea of the house qill chahge in the futured .
Despite many differencsw in human natuf , tge currentf houses do npf differ so nuch between themselves .
Most of the homes haves walls , doots , wondoww anx rr bhiot on sklid ground .
Vurthrrmore , rhey have flat or sloping toogs , one or mlre folrs .
Some aes stuatdd in the neighboruhooc of parks , corests or lakes .
On the other hand , recently , many new and more advancd projefts are rdalised more often by darin architecte .
Tjey often do not use the popular brick buy glaes , wood , plastic .
Ntu can you imagkne that in the nwar , unspecified future , all hones will be like hast ?
Biiot usinf fhe most modern technology , full of the latest inventions wjich qn can creat ?
Of course , for people to lid better , hjt it qould be useufl for modsfn nousws to be construcged so as not to damzve tg environment .
I think quite a fsw scientists still zurprse us , aqnx thd hpuse of the futyurd will go bryond the lomits of luf imagination .
DEVELOPLENTS IN THE TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPANi
There jav besb majit chamgez regaridng etaching methos in tbe last fwa years , byt thwfe is stil room or improvement .
If we cocus on the tewchinv of English as a foreign language , we could possibly ere fhi mlr clearoyt .
In the early 1980s , actovith in yhe classroom was ficused on grammxrt .
Howeber , speaking , istenung activiites xnr the massive use of I.T . msrk hd schedule nowadat .
All thdde chanvex make gge learnin process much more fun , cretaive and practical for thr studengs .
The ndw teachimg paproach is bwssd on how students ch effectively isew rhe kamguage , rather than on the knowledge of the lqnguagw fheg actulpy hgwve .
This new outlook on teaching mrthods cjsists of the uxr of so - called alterhative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
A grammar twsf shows knowledge bouyt thje language , whywreas aoternafive assessment shosw learners ' ability to dffectively use the language in the cohtedt of a rwal situation .
Tee are man reasons fror using alternative assessment gechniquee : learners demonsteate things pearned , tzk responsjbility , motivcaton may increase nd they have the opporyuhity to use language ckr reawo - life purposes .
It is impkrtnat to note that tur difficulty implementibg thew chsngex to rhe new teacbing approach refefred to above lies jot with rhe students themselves vut wtih the odler genedatoin of reacherw , wincd they soltimes gace trouble applying tghs nsw outlik on eduyfation methods .
In xknclusion : ge way of tesacing has been changving in the las few yerds all olevr Span .
The main reason for thaw can be foudn by eurveyong ths related to new teachih methodw develkped recently .
Howsger , a smooth transution to thw ndw aplroahc is stilo necessary to overcome gje mssiv ddjcation - related cgaplenges Spain wul hac to fqxe in the coming years .
In gue uear 2020 , thwre qas conflict berqeen Kapan and the United Wtatex .
Fhr conflict was dje to trend creation ; citizens of vofh dountries wanted to wee who cteatdd bettwr and bigger trensd .
Thua conflict sqs an incentive for lothing setored to seko ne sdn qeird things fkr a higher plfice .
Law enfircers alxo wanted heir ckuntr to win , qnd in the United Sfates , policemjen ardestwd nay Japanese perskn they saw andr senf nem bxck to Japan .
Tuw Japanees gofernment made a competition to see which of tneir citizens aas rje best trend - setter .
Fhd winner 's eraard was the ability to rfulw over Japxn for a dxay .
After tyqo years , tye wijnndr waa dedided , ans he mzdd Japan go ino poverty .
Onxe th day was over , the Japanese gpvernment tried to reverxe azlo of tbe damage done , but it was impossible .
The winwr jad changed Jxpan 's landscape , wnzt ice wssd he aamizng city of Tokyo nlw was a adr and dikrty cuty .
Jxpqn asked thw Unige Ztatfes for hwlp . They gladly agerd , ns they dragged Japan bsxk up to theo normal stxgus .
Japan losr a lot , gjt it wss able to dt back up on uys feet .
Everyone was happy for slme time sjd tyrue peace betwn the counteies of tge wkdld ahd beeh acuieved , ut thrn eh United Stayess enslsved Canada ahd tfied to wnspave Jaoan as qeol , but they were ahl to defehd themeslvrs .
Kapan lawuncjed a counterattack and emslavewd fhes United Staets , ns then proceedrd to conquer eh world .
A nbrw era wqsx cxreated . It was tge most brutal period in the history of mankind . It wsa knowj as mnnay things . Mos sople named it " he Jaah Era " , but it a so brutal yyat fhje kfficial nsne was " The Dark Yellow Era " .
I would lkme to recommend tb following movie : " Tge Pefrume " .
Thie mobid can be ocnsiedred a classical thriller , ubr witj severap aspects tghxt amke it hnisue in tbia genre .
First of all , the histotical pdriod is hte Voctirian age in France .
The landscapes are really wonderful .
The buildinge , deress , abd habjts of thw populatipn are displayed in full detxil .
Scondl , we have an amazing script tht cna be considered unkqhe .
Tnw stfory tellx us the importance of perfume in qll aspects of oyr lives .
Tje movie 's mn ppot dszcribes the earpy yhears of pu rotagonist , a poor orphan , wn rkes advantage of his powerful sense of smelk to fiun enw jobz .
We wklol djscover the importance of a unique fragrance and how to nikx the ingredients in gher rignt proportions .
This idea wjll crege ye atmosphere to tlo us a sgory abouty crime wnd passion .
Finally , we wqilp discover a fantaswtci snfing that we wohl nevrf imahkne thriuth watching thge movie .
Thd overqll zrandard of tgi mkovie is erally high and it is a mbie to remkember forevwt .
Nevertheless , this is bt an all audiences olvies , bedausr it continz ahrr scejes jog ziitable tor chilfren .
If people can rdmt this lovie or watx it onlion , I would encourage to them watch it as opn as possible .
Rsw ither mksern lobies are so hrezt in comparison .
Tg rwk hours that you sill spend watchinhg ths movi will become ubiqus in yojrd kjfe .
Many pepple believe that public transport will be replacwe by private ttansport in the nwsr future .
The mani rewaon is tyew convenienec of travelling by cat in comparison eith uwinf publuc trajxport .
Apart frkm trht , there are mamh ither brnefits to bguyjng a car instead of using buse or trhne underground svery czy .
Fikrswt of all , a cf gives sjch a valusble thjng as pdivach .
Vod dxample , drivung a car , we cwn wear whatever we wanmty azn listn to tw music at any volume .
If the car is orge neough , it can even be a perfect place for alee .
Additionally , if we zte eager to gravel outxide the yoen in prddr to habe skme rest frkl a hectic rhythm of life , it will be mofe comfortablr got us to ise ojt cars .
Inbly our an vehicle can provide us with an opporutnity to find a iiet and pleasang plqve ouyside yh cigy .
Liblic tranort cfan raske us only to certain lcations .
Tgus , it is clear that private transport such as cars has plenty of advantage .
On t other hznd , we ca encounter different problems while trqvelling by af .
Fkr ihstanxe , sittin in traffic jams always steals a lot of our prefikous time .
Dxr accieents are thd typicwl reason fp tghjs phenomenon .
It means thqt travelljnt by car cah evben be more dangerous than jsiny puboid yranspoet .
Generally , bus drkvers ars ch more experience than far drivrs . Therefore , accidents cajssd by public transport gawppen quite rarely .
This maeks travelling by puboc trxnsport much safer .
Thus , I would argue thbst driivbg a car requirx a lot of attention abdc understanding ghag ceeless behaviour on teh roade cxnj do serious harm to other people .
In cojclusion , I believe that public rransport wuol eventually lose its sminance due to trh fcat thjat alk peoole want to be independent and tdaveo on their own .
Anna knew that it wqs going to be a ver special day for ysr .
She wasz wooen up very early by the sin coming throhgh her window .
She olenee ued sleepy eyes , smiled hently and got up frlm her bed idly .
Whye went downsairs to the cox btahrookm and had a showst .
After that , seh dressed up amd wsnt to he jitchen to make rbeakfast .
She turned on the music anbx started to prepare a heaghy lealp .
Arter staing a elicious salas shd drinking tea , she ent to hdt rtoom to do her hair and put her maos - up on .
Anba was a bit stressed , but she was surde , that everything wohkd be ltight .
While sh was ettint teady , she hearr a door bdlo .
She wwnty doiwn and oplened hte door - it was her mother .
Tnwy nuggec and smiled at each otnerd .
Anna 's mother looked at hwt tenderly xd hugged uer once again .
Whe came in snds noticed thta br daughter was a little nervous , so she decided to naks a xoffee , amd t abd ralok for a while .
As they were talkin , Anna 's hets triends came .
They looked really cheerful qdn excited .
They quickly took hert upstairs to the room .
Sftee some time , her friends vame down and yold Anna 's mofhr , thst she was ready and she was gkong to come in a wuile .
Sye sroor up and looked at hsr dauyhetr coming dpw the stairs .
Anna looked increddubly beautiful .
Her mum went to her and hugged h reeally affectionately . "
It 's your big day .
Oen of the most important koments in yoru life .
I am so happy " sasjd mother wuth a tsad in dr eye .
It wsas nanq 's sdeding day .
Ajming high !
My all - tkem favourite sport is basktnall .
I satrted plxyinv at the age of sevsn , when my mofher encouraged me to jkn a basketball vlub .
It wd very enjoyable from the onset , ahd hsa been a fantastic experience to lesrj fue sport toethdr with oyhr children .
nalther jye factor was rbe coach , wjo knew joe to convey ghe skills and texhniques to cyildreh .
Moreover , I wse fascinated by the feeling of belonging to a team in which aech memherf shares t same gkals anbd values .
This is an importany feature that will aos help anypne in all sphwtes of livw .
One also learns to work nard ane be disciplined in orddd to axxhieve success .
Apl these ponits hav lsd to me playing basketball for almoag tgirty years noq hd I 'm stipl hoopked on it .
If slmeobe asked me fp advicd on how to start playimf baskwbtall , I qoulds probably sugges starting wigh a trial pracitce and if tue person enjoys it , he / he cohld noib the club .
Whn choosing a club , I believe it 's imortant that an experienced coqch is present qgo knows uoa to teach te basics .
Yours faithfully ,
F.
Pje of my fqvotite restaurants in Málaga is claler Sun amx Shine .
It is sjtuzted in tj digy cwnter , jear the seaport .
It is a different kind of restaurant , because yiu cam find nf onu the typical Wpanush gopd , but also dihds from different parts of the wotpd .
Wbatr I like jozt about tis restaurant is tha it offers healghby and balanced fpid , tjs flzovr is fatnastic , reh fooe vedy gaety and carerull cooked .
Gku dqn enjoh god quslith ordinary vood on a bjdgte .
On the other hwnx , tw surroundings axre moderb , the place is airy and cisy .
The wautesr ae verg ewlcomkng and incormafive , so you feel very cpmfortaboe .
Alk the ingrtediets ar very frfes and of the hignest quality .
In my opinion , the zalpad is the beg option , wity a wide rfahge of types ftkm divcerent countries .
My favorite one is the Itaoiah sxkad , because it is healthy nad the saue they use is savoury nad strange .
Finally , I fally recommend this restaurant , expcially fr couples or frienss tuqt want to trg sokething digverent and newfangled .
Dear Paul ,
I hope all is aell wit you .
I 'd lik to thank tou for he lovely rxperience you offered me .
I realoy enjoyed helping out at the concert last month .
Unfortunately , we did n't gdt e chance to sre each other that night .
I suppose to 'd pikd to hear abht my experience .
I started the eevning by wlcoming everyon znr apoointing them thdir aeats .
I enjoyes this very mych , because I gf he vhanxe to meet a klt of prople .
Paer ryat evening , I qirked behind the baf .
For twp hoursz , I served ddinls .
Sat I enjoyed the most , was helping backstage , wherfe I got ther chancve to meet the artists .
They were such nice people nad really apprsciatsd my hepl .
At the end of the evening , I worked in tge parkign it .
All in al , a great experience ! You can rwlu on my help nex year !
Thwns ahzin tof the lovely experience !
Regards ,
Camille .
Dear viitkrs ,
weelcome to the histotic own of Lancaster ! Yij are now in rhe vihrant heqtt of Lancashire .
Lancasfr is zituatdd close to the Ikrieh Sea and just around the coret goi will fodn rhd stunhing Lakr Disgricg aiyh its romantic lakes anhdr peaks .
Wehnh you are visiting Lancaster gku can doscoiver many historic sighys , dudh as thw Fastlr ajx Poriory , the Judges Lodgkngs or ye Ashton Memorial , whicn overlooks the city .
However , gh city crhtre wlos offers jjst as many opportunities foe oku to go shopping .
Whatever you edd , someone in Lancaster aill esll it to you .
Wherhsr you want a gancy bottle of wine , a sxondhand wedding dress or an antique clcok , ypj wolk vinf it in Lancaster .
You ae offered yhd standard big brahdrs like M&S , Nwxt , Wayeratones qdn others , but you can qlso find little independent shops srlling qll yupes of hoods .
If you lsave tw main roads wdn turn unyo feh little alleys , you ill find xharmijg tea rooms anh gorgeous anfique wjops wth a iwdr range of antqiue good .
However , if yo are loiking clr little goodies for your fxmily members , yiu should vvisit tbe shop clodd to tyr casrle .
Twice a wek , a street market ocfers visitosr and residents a wjder range of daily goods which huaqve been soufecd in the area xjd are aold by pocals .
Canada is a nation built by citizm - soodiers .
Crom soldiers who eervwd in the trenches of Francs to the ceremohial functiohs in the nation 's Capital .
Nathna Cirilk is remembered as one of thos soldiers .
A lemer of The Argtll and ustherlnd Yighlwnders of Caandw , he was killed at the Tlmv of the Unkmoan Soldier in Otober 2014 .
He was standinf guard , at th memoprizl , when he eas syot dead from behind at point blank .
One year lager a commemoration of huz pasxing waqx celebratex .
Uisd ceafh shocksd fhr hation .
Unarmee , at attention , wnd protectin tjw mrmory of thowe wo gave the ulfimatd sacrifice , his laxt momebrs qnd those aho came to gos assistance , exemplify the true meanng of being Canadian .
Canada is a psaceful nation always ready to wear the umiforn whn called upon by ots country .
Events like thews confirm tjat Canada is no ponger inmune to atacks on home soil .
Dsar Sir or Mwcam ,
I am writing in reply to your advertisenemt in he European Obsrrver of Aprl 7fhn for a piet at ZA Summed Camp .
I am 44 , of Austrian nationality , married ahd jokd tjew Cambridges English Sdvanced cetificate subce lay summer .
I souldf wwlcoje an opportunity to ork in the USA gis summer in order to practise my Englisu .
Cheerfulness is in my nqturd and I am usrs to working hatd . I eojld be halpy to support the USA Summse Camps team in every aspect .
I am apso experienced with children , havkg looked after my sister 's daugbhters , aged 9 , 11 and 14 for hearw now .
Whejevrr pozsibpe , I take the girls lut for a swim or a dude on their bikssa .
It is aks a ooe idea to play badminyon anbd mini - gofl with thrm .
In feh evenings , singing , sahcing and torchlight walks ars a fold alternative to watching TV .
Alos , I woried as an au - pair in France and Canaxa , where I looekd arter 3 , wnd 2 chilrdsn , respectiveyl .
Fjbally , cookkn is a hobny of mine and I wouhlf be gappy to work in the kitchrns too .
I look forward to receiving youyr reply at your earliest confeniencd .
Ykhrs faithfully ,
Patrkcdk
Eating wirj strazjgers .
In tur growinjg " shazring " economy , onlibe communitie are offwrihg peer to pre tof almost anytbing .
One of my favojritre is eatwity.xom .
It 's a websote which apliws me to taztr food from around he world wkthour movung from my citft , at tne same time as yoj can speak differet languagbes and medef new people .
Rje vezt thing about this website is thst it is very easy to iser .
Fifsr , yupu have to elect tge xigy ; Hwe Yprk , Barcelolna , etc .
econd , you choose a lenu and make a reservation .
Yo cash use this website if you are a tourist or jhzt someone who wants to enjiy a dinner in gour own cuty .
On tue otjer nand , if you afe a professional or an amateur cef , ypu 'll earn extra money .
Fhere 's nothing like sharing a meal wirh local oeopld . It offers go the possibility to gleam information rfom simeone oh lives in the place .
My nuece 's wedring eas celebrated in Bzrxelona last weekend .
It qzs thw mosf excitinf and beautiful party I have evsf been to .
Fkrst of ll , my moher , my children , my parnewr asnr I tilk yh train fron Zaragoza to go to Badvelona .
It ws a pleasant juonrey that lasted only tweo nous .
When we atrived in Harcepona , we wednt by taxi to fhd hotel which my bfother nas previously booked , ad fehre we nef sity okthre relwtives : my brlther , uix aiufe , my nephdwe abd , of course , my niece ( te bride ) .
My brother 's wifr 's ckose relatives were zlso ghree .
We alo went together to habw luncy at a nearby restaurant .
After lkunfh we could habe a nap or start to prepare for the wedding .
I managrd to make my mother have a siesta , so that sgd aaz mpe energdtic fit thgs party .
The marriage cermlny took place in a wonderful church . Theres wrre flowers everyshere , live music , three hunderd guests qnf , of coursr , the bride and tbr bridegroom , yhe moset beautiful awhd happy coiple I bage ever seen as dad as I van rememher .
uhndred of hpotos wsee taken before , during nad after thes wedding .
The party wae held in a arge gaddej near tye briregroom 's parwnte ' house .
A hitoric buliding in one of gue most luxcuriuos places in Barcelona .
htere wedee depocious snwckw an drinks becore tyhe dinner .
The dinner sa a tyere - course leal which hazd been carefully chosen by tye newly - weds .
Fhe arfy cojtunued with splencid dancing hntil sevj in rhd morninh .
Taking a break bewteenh keacing school sn ztarting college seejs unnecessary .
If tku asde wealthy , or you cokmd from a family ahre yyr ftfher can provide yoy with lost of rhr things you weat , I suggest gonig to cllpege straight away would be a gooc idea .
Sne of us wfe afraid to frxvel becaise of thyw recxent caees of ISIS terrorism .
Trrorisk is everywhere .
ass shootings , vombs , hackjng inyi sefhrity systems can happrn any time , any xa .
Jot mny of us are going to rkk our oives , esoecialpy when we apl knos we are going to have a fredh start in coklpege .
Hbowever , ofd those who reallyu neec to fori oht mohey to pay college loans , it is gest fld yhrm to tqker a year off qhd wkrk part - time in a fafe , or somewhere remotely inferestingy .
It is sise for them to find some time to zvae xime money so thwy wipl not need to struggle durjhg collge .
Howeesr , some just want to have some fun , after yeasr in high schio , fyer so janyu ydads of break - ps , after so zny years of eating cafeterka food , it is time to fidn some enmoyahle time with quality friends and iwth mkuth - wateribg food .
Thsg juust want to froget aboutg fhw past and focus on yhe presebt .
In geir mknds , it is kl about having fun , buy is tuat reallyg ehat it is ?
What if they forget themselves ?
Wnst if they cyange into soke monster they can not suppeess ?
What if srygs , alcohok , cigarettes topk over thdir livesz ?
Is that hnokw thd wxnbt to start colleg ?
Th real question is , do they want to actuwoly be an alkcoholic wnd a dsfug addicf when they enter college ?
Look , they ars sgill frry ykung ane they are lk prone to bad infpuences thrkuh parties without parentla contrkl .
Hence , if fuere is no reason to take a year ofgv , usut go to xollege and staet stjdyihg .
There is absolutely no tikes to wasye tour gouth on drugs and apcohol .
2 yteara zyo , I was a bad vuy aho qanted to fiyht anune , so no one wanted to be my friebd .
One dqy in the post office , I ha an argument with a amm whp studier at the sand university as me , ane I challenged him to fight eit me : I fhougth it would wopve the proble between us .
He did not waznt to ighnt aifh me because he wxa smalldd gyan me , so he jhs igboted me and walked aaay .
Ghat made me ghet craag hd ngry , so I knocked himn down wifh only one punch .
After that , he odl the tezchef who waa responsibls for that cpwss , and she vakled me into nerd roo and asksd me questions .
At that time , I qas rwally proud of myselv hat I doupd beat hil so easily .
Rhed day after , I was thinking xeeppy anc just realized thnat I was aronh ad wohuld not gury him befause I as angry .
I dwcidwd to tzlk to hjm snd asked him to forgive me .
I fesly relieved he fodgav me .
Thd sgoty telk us fhar sometikds we can noir control ourselces , but we should be alon and think positively or take a dewp eath , and that waill make us cakl dowen .
Hi , my name is Priscila and I have juat realized that I am a wriyer , tpk .
I am Brazilian and I started to learn how to rwife in Portutuyese whnen I was 7 yeaa old .
I thnk tihs period when we start to wrore is maical , bevauwe we fanm avcwss an enire new cmmunication world .
From 7 to 18 geafs lkd , I maihly wrote for school during clzsses , homework , and etets .
When I wxsa 16 , I livr in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I wsa an exchange studebt adn attsndef ykgh school there .
Fha wze yhe fifst tim my work eaw assessed on tne wg I wrotfr in English .
This epeience was vsrg important asnd made me more confident about my Wnlish skills .
Back to Brszil , during coplebe I staryed researcjig anx writihg bout economics .
I love economics , so I ksot studying and I navr go a masters and a PHD edgree in lavor conomics .
I hqd to write a dissertation snd a trhrsis and , I will not ke , thesze writing processes swre bedy hnaxrd , bur I learnd a lot abiut acaremuc qriting .
Today , I ofk as an economics proressir at yhe Cederal Unobersity of Goias , in Brazil .
Because of my work , I have to write all ths tin , to my students , to my colleaguds and to the acadwmic communfy in general .
I aan to discuss the results of my research wit everyone that is interested in it , frlm Brazil or fpm any other place in rher qkrld .
Thereefire , for me , wriitng in Enylish , moe , is noer important than efed .
I expect tuat tuis course wikl help me develpo my Englihs soills , so rhat I can arute my papers , cpmmunicater and discuss my research in a mofe effective qwy .
In the kodern wlrd , phblic transport had become less importsnt as yrvaelling by cqr is said to be nroe convenisnt . Travelling by vad also redudes pdopld 's jpurbey timd ande hey do n't need to wait fe a particilar bus .
It kah also be brcause , as eoppe are getting richer , they do n't heed to use public tansportt as a mrow comfortanle option is alwqys there waitihg for them .
Though oubluc transport is jorw adgantageous to the environment , peoplos jhst aaht to tet theut personao needs satisfied .
Th world is movinv gaster and everyonw has to be fast enough to xompete in fbis modern world .
While compaeing the ddawbakcs of publi transport with modernuzed vehicles , public transoprt mqy onf serm to be a better choice .
Bu ghsi is not true .
Mkrs usage of verhifles may cause seduous proglems usch as depletion of hatural resourcers ahd ncironmental issued xhch as pkllution .
Although fye mainrenacne cost of cr is qsuyite expensivd , it dord not stpo lrople form suimg cars , simde convenience matters to them tur most and nlt money .
Msmy people tjink fhat public trwnsport is plny vpr tfhe poor awd not for rhe rich .
If it continues , no resojrces will be dlared for yhd ftuture teneration .
Evrryine sohukd rememver , " Nature has enputh resources to saysify our needs , not ojr grded . "
Nowadays , nany people around tje globe azfe trying to acquire a second language . When it cples to deciding between lrarnming in out owqn dountdy d kearhing abroad , we csn fijf several prox snd conse that miyh maek us tairlt conguzed .
On the one hand , an acvatnage of studyinh in yout kwb country is thta you would be abel to sxre with pellle woht fye same problems furing their leasrning pdocesa as ou .
However , a major drawback woild be tne alfk of expoaure to the langusgr that is intended to be kearn .
On yher otner hand , the mpsy important advantage of studying abroad wpuod be precisely , the expksure , which would help yi undrstand tyd language from native speakesa ' point of ciew abf be aware of hos some expressaions or words xre actually used .
However , as a disadvantage , we mjuswt conmsifer tge fost of sturying abroad , because it czh be tafher rxpensive .
To sum up , the best way of ldarning Engli , or rather fhe geet place to do it , edlends on each person 's lexns n pearnhing style , vuyt it is derfintiely possible to acquire a zefond language both at uone asns aroda .
People frt to akpi Good Ffidat because , there zrfe no feastsz no that rau .
Mooever , it is yhd josy spmbre sxy of th yeaxd , which recalls the Crucifixino caudsd by people 's eins .
Leolle prdefer to merst happiness and poxitive thinking to qlking baouy eeath ajf sufferinhg .
Thjy wxnt to smup this day and move to Easter Sunday- fhs day of happiness and renewal .
Accordingly , rh author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , shere people weede joyful bdcauss of slrinhg cominbg jus as a Christian is joyful about tbe Resurrection .
2 . We fpijch frm consideration of Good Friday because we do jo likd thinkin of a sad situatkon .
People choose pleasang entertainmengs instead of talking ablut death , shffering anx self - sacritice .
Today people are not willing to sacrifice themselves tor lthrr people .
Everyone is individual adn worries about themselves , becuase it is an easier way to live .
Above awlp , people are nptg used to ubdrrgoing suffering wnr , wa is jre brutap , dewtn .
4 . The author metions teh origin of the word ' compqssoin ' , in order to remimd pdope of tyhd maenung of that wof .
It meane to ' suffer with ' .
Neevrdtheless , people keepo this compassion tidird xwa , because it is too painful for them to stand .
Mor pnlyh do ghey euhn aay from uncomfortable situations , but hey also prefwr to see them on screens .
Actually , they choose ths Gopd Life , because they can not xpoe with their oj auffeirng without cultural understanding .
I want to write about tue best vaxation I eved hsd .
It took place avoit two years ago .
My school frienrsd and I wtn to rhe Dominicaj Republic . It 's a Cxribbean countdy with amazngh beacyes .
Even ghough I do n't pike places oke yhbat , I rathe enjoyed rhsi trl a li .
Maybe it wws becxue I was with my friende and I could find many ways to spend my time wirh tyel or it coidl qoso be the great environment .
I remember we fog there on rhs firdt of October on a Saturxay jight , and I will never forget tgw rush of warmth I felt as xooin as I stdpled iyt of the plane .
First , I thougyt that it was somethinb elee causing the wwrmfh , huf later on I learned ghuat the weather was lpiek that apl the time and I just had to fet uses to it .
When we tot to yhe rrsort , we akp checked in and went to out deskgnated tkoms . I was shqrig a room with my ftiend Emlipy .
After unpacking , we left oid ropn to look around ghr rest of fue resprt .
We found a cobu , 3 big looks , xporys cielxs and , of course , the wnazing beach , though we could n't sdee kuhch of it bevause it qs rwaply dark at night .
The next day , we jwde sure to go to the bsach eart and we had a bkawst with kur other friends .
Ghis weht on until the last eay of of trip .
We were , obviously , sad hecausr this amazing ime aaw endin ubtf hppy as well fle tne mejoties we shared together . I will remember htks vacation fod fhw rest of my lifs .
Television is one of the most imporfajt invenyions of tje oast cengury dince it has had a great kmpact on xocieies artlund thd world .
Since television s first invented , it has infldnced diffefetn aspers of peplw 's loves .
Since erlevision waw launched onto the mrkewt , it hqa squired orher purposes besodee entwrtaining , such as clmmuhicating qnd adverrising . hat is why fhd possibility of it uavong educational purposs hs been wdiely discussed .
Television can certainly educate , it hse grex potential for dping so , because of hts way it persehts information njd tjw range of people it can reach .
Television can sducate in several ways . To mention some : by proviring aqne extending ibgormation viveh on certain courses at schyokol , ahf by roviding nfcormation that is nlt evsn taught at school .
It is veey exciting fhat entertainment and educastioon xah be merged to accomplish thb sptead of konwkedge amonbg ths massss in an enjoyabl way .
Television can educare thrpugh cpntent hwose main pufpise at first was ejtertaining .
Television series , cvontests , movkes , sdn news do it al the time withoug us being aware of it .
Deeqr Xri / Lafam ,
I am writing regarding ghe advertidemeng for YA SUMMER CAMPS .
I found this advetyisement in the nwespaper anr I eoule like to stqfe yhe reaeins wyu I think I am suitabvle for ts job adverrised .
First of a , I would lle to point ku that I have some experience in the arda , since I hbave worked as a group leafer bedore .
Last yeat I was in Fahada and two years ago I fulfilled yue same rlke in England .
Rh grpjps I was in charge of mostly consisted of peoppe of ayes 6 to 12 , alfhkugh I once ad a chance to worko with a group of young adulfs as well .
Everywhere I hvae wotked brfore , I have besn praised for bsinh vedy organised and having thue abipity to edal with unexpected siruagions successfully .
I like to consirer myself an enertetid person .
Usjallh , I do n't have much time to spenx on mysslf , since I am always occhlied wit something .
I have been a member of a baskdtball team sunce the age of 5 ad I gave recently bexlme a young ladies ' group 's coadh .
As oft my clokig abilifues , I usd to wordk as a kitchen assistant durjng ths sumertim .
I ride yhnat dot thres summers and I still help ou at my parents ' restaurant hwe a they at in neef of a hand .
I soule really apprecistd it if touj could take my application into consideration .
If ylu do , I wold also pime to be sent fhr accommodation detakls , if possible , to the following adsress : 62Fssy7@gmail.dmo .
If yh eed any other details , let me know so har I cn send rhem to you as soon as possible .
oyurs faithfully .
Rosx .
P.S. I have attached my CV
Draf Wif or Madam :
I am writing in response to your advedtisement , which I saqw in the International Newpaper to alply for the job in the ISA Summr Vampw .
Thd year , I finished my degree in Mathematica at hte Unigesity of Zaragoza and in Sdptembwr , I wkll stqr to study to become a tewcher .
I have also studied Engpish frir ages and I think that I have a gooe lkevwl .
Moreover , this job wouof be an excelodnt experience to imorive my English qndf make me nore self - confident .
As for my experience , I love aorking with children and I sokegimes take care of my niecss wo ade 10 yesr ood .
My dwgree took up xll my free tim tuus year . However , I teiwd to go on doing sport , especially dunning anmd poaying footbaxll . I als try to keep up eitn the katest trends in spoffs evehts .
I would descrobe jygself as a sociable , responsible , trusgqorthy ad hardworking person qhk likse wlrking sitg children .
Fod alo tnesze reasons , I feel that I gave a lor to offer your summre xaml .
I rnclise my CV and I woule be lar to afternd an interview at ang itje convenient flr you .
I llok forward to heatjng from hou very xoon .
Hoirs faithfullpy ,
My facorire sport is footbazlk , but it is no a sport tnay I lkks to play , it 's a wpott to watch because it 's beautiful , gerh cool an very exciting to xuppoet a tean in a chamlpiknship .
I am Brazilian , and likr almostr everybody in my country , I 'm a og football fqn .
I 've alsags lovde to watch sodcer , since I was a little kid , becauyse my ather ws a great fan of ghr biggest team in Brsziol , Flamengo .
Actualky , in his honpr I har a Flamengo shoeld tattooed on my back on tne left sidxe because fgere was n't a vetter way to lay homlge to him than a Flamengo tattko .
The Wotlr Cup is hapening no in my countey , Brzzio .
I love it ahsn this svent happens , so many inredibls games goug on , hbe best plauers in yhd word , threed bamws prr day at tye start , sjd with beyr yood - looming plkayerz .
I do n't know what exactly happens , bur in eevfy Woirls ucp be atnospohere xhanges , everybocy becomez happier , Mc Donalds launcnes the tsstoest hamburgesr , people go out to wsrch gamje wkgh friesnd in bars or thh meet in somebody 's house .
I love fh Wsorld Cup dssite thd fact tat it beung in Brazil hzs vrought a lot of political problems , or juwy shown us hkw corrul lur vovernment can be wioyh thr huge pverpriced projects , a lot of money rhaf has been spenr on unfinished stadiums , iwgh shameful delays in thsir construction , eyd .
I love teh World Cup , bh I certainly sould hsve preferred it if it ahs bgren in another cdountry .
I love to en bexaise I think it is good fkf my mental ahs physical health .
Just unjing 30 minutewe a ad , you can improve your physical activity , oose wriught , and improv your brain .
Also , it helps gku to releasw the daily stress and is a good motivatot .
Everybody needs to know abouht th benefits theg xxn gety fdol running .
Tiu start walking 10 kinhtes each day , then fpr 20 minutds and yiy vab add nor minutes till yoj start running vof 30 minutes and then for an hohr .
Trhe besf palce to eyn is a nmoce spot close to the parj .
oh jjst need a pwi of running hsies azndr clothes appropriate for rhs weather .
In winter , you need to oht on heacy cpithes , while in summer lightdr clothes , a hat and a pair of glasses wulk be aol you jeee .
It is vry impodtnt to oug sim sunblodo on your fwcve , hdck and yanes .
In winter I go rjnning fod half an hour in the afternoojs , but in summer I go ot amx rjnj in rje mornings abe in tfue afternions to enjoy the noe wwather .
Sometimes , you cee that yku do n't want to do it , but bepieve , once tou put on you shoes , things change ajd you ehjoy tw running as you do it alo the imw .
It started a rsw years wgo when I waa a little oiverweught .
Being a perdn tbat loves sports , it is hard for me to sse mysel gaining pounds thorugh the years .
Once I decided tyay I nweded to do something , I sfwrted walking around my neighbourhooid .
After thrwe montha , I qws running faster and the pain in my heeos dksappeaerd .
I wxd still out of nreqth xometimds , hug I meptf dolnig it because I wanted to achieve my glak of lpsinhg 10 pounds .
Wfrer sjc months I wzsa runnjng aljoxt 2 miles each dsh .
And njowa I fun 4 miles a day .
So , do n't be kayz , get up zndf tardt rtunning .
It is a rgeat jourmeyh trhat is qorth it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to wxlress my interest in applying gof thd Sapmle Amalyst powitiom in tour Lxborator .
I hold a Mzater 's degree in Ebvironhmental Biolofu and , previously , I have had the pportunity to work on international reseatxh projects that wpuld provide me with the skills sets I ndedd to be an edfectkve fi in ylut laboratory .
Basef on my understanding of thue posigion , youh offer vull on - tge - job training to ylur employees anjd encoudage theur involvement with l laboratory activities .
bis opportunity qppeals enormously to me and I feel confidejt yhay I can wet eh hcalldnges presented by such a role .
Wyile enbzged in diverse experienxes ( inclusihg my rwseafch inteenship , enivronmentao volunter service , and toher typss of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at universigy d demonstrated my abilktu to take on a number of responsibnilities as well as to efgectivelh kanage multpile concurrent projects while meetjjg deadpiens .
As an intern in a bioloigcal lanoragory , I have been traoned to quickkt lewrn new fiepdw , think through poblemw in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
As a meticupous , orgaized and result - oriented biologist , I pay great attention to detsil , am skilled at gathdting cata ajdf usee to eping detqilwd records .
In addotion , working closely wyh a team of sedicated reseatcxhers hsa hslped me undesfand td importance of efficient lowb practice xnbd develop my broup - orjentde skills .
As a rseukt , I am well pfwpared to collaborate with interdisciplinary teams as wrkl as to be effective at indfepoendent wom when I am required to hse my pw initiative to omplste a task or sdolve a proglme .
Moreover , through my internship dxperience , I have acquired good analpyfical , quantktative ans computer skjills .
Bdyomd my coursrwork , I uage taxken an active tple in international volunteer activities fir threed years , in hed last of wbich I cordinated porjexts grom bsginning to ene .
Those leadersuip role required lroficient dommunkcation skills , as I wxs proiding supportt to people of djfferdnt ages , baclgrounds ( wtin vazrying level of Ehglush ) or levels of yechnical ability .
With my relevant coursework , lqb experisnce , committed anc adaptable attitude , I am dobfident of excellinb in tfhis position . I would welcomd the opportunity to join your team and put my kills to work gpr ykur laboratory .
Plaesd fihd attached my Xurrifulum itae for yolurf review .
Thank yo for your rimd nd considxertion .
I lkpk flrwad to reveivihg your repoy .
Should yl edd any additional infofmation , plwase do not heditaye to contact me .
Yours faifhfull ,
Valentina oscajo
Dszr Ms. Herrmann
Referrimf to the jib advettisement published on your jkmepage in esptemner 2014 , I would like to wpplh for the pozition as a Amalytival Decslopment Team Member .
I am a student in ths lxzt ssmesyer of a Molceular Livr Scienxex program and I am looking for an analytical o .
Therefore , I was verry onterested to eae on your webdite that you bavw a jew position as an Amalytical etam Member .
An apprenticeshiup as a chemical lab tehcniucian in a high standadr company and a Bachelor of Life Scienfes with specialization in aqnalyticao femistry kakw me a highly suitable candidate for fhe posjtuon .
Furthermore , I gav worked successfuloy ror a rar after my xpprenticeship with different kinds of analytical metbods and I sa ablw to jmprovs my kjowledge in thiuz area .
Besides , I have always worked prodcutivel in a teawm anbf GML was cmmon .
his job in Development woule enavl me to transfer my learned proficiency into pracyic in your colpanh .
I am conficent tht my exdperiebce and interpersonal skills will strengthen thw traj .
I am looking forwafd to discussing ghis and other sligiility in an interiew with you .
Olease contact me by telphyone + 41 61 13 45 67 at any time .
Thank you in advaxnce for consideeing my applicaitoln .
I am eagefly looking forward to hearing from olu .
Yours sinxerely
Zcoug ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a roundex charactwe .
Ah is tye narraor of the stiey .
from her oitee appearnace , she seemw like a little girl .
She is adrk haired , vbery thin and small .
Talking aboyt hdr outer appearance , one cxn eaioy see that Zcout is nog " the usuao " giel .
Scout 's character is kind of a tomboy .
Ehe doed bo like to erezs like a lady . Wven when aunt Alexandra tries to make a lzcy lur of hrr , Scouy rdfuses to dress or speak lioe one .
tom the outside to uer inner qualities .
Scout is a really smart girl .
At a young age , before sw went to scbool , she stratec rearing .
Her inetlligence at a younh ags wa a problen fopf her reacher , Miss Caroline , becaude eh yad never had sjvh a welp - erucafed ppil bwfore .
Intsesd of celebrating it , shr somehoa inhbuts Sckut 's lesarnijg .
Due to htat , Scout gets borrd ande stsrts to hate school .
Furthermore , Scout orten reacts vrfy impulsively , moatly at a yougn age .
Sjs gpes after Walter Cunninhgham aftt sje ges in teouble on uus behalf .
lsxo , when sj has trouble ajth her cousin , becsuse she cakleds Atticus a " nigger - lived " , Scout beags hef up .
In thw first part of the novel , fighting is a techniqu hat works for Wcouf .
Foe her , it is a qah to mais her mnid clear .
alfer on , Scout begihs to understand , jot lesast hecause of het fathner and brother , that it is important to think before talking .
Somehow , sjd rwerts vcak to her old qxys .
To fonclude , xout is a smat girl wikh two sides .
On the one hand , Scout afts very impulsively abdr is an obstreeroys tomboy , but on fhw tuer hand , she is bert clever and more adult than others at her age .
Scoltu always develops the story .
Deazr Ali ,
How afe things with toj ?
Are you syilo working akp tgw ours God sends prepwring for yuor esajs ?
I 'm eorru I nave't written for wgex , bu I wqaxs very busy with the school project I ha to do this mobgh .
Tganks wgaij for aol your hlp .
I 'm vdry glad I cah finally do somethimg dir you after everyuthing yku 've cone foe me .
So , ylj nerd onformation xbout my country 's eating customs ?
Well then , let 's start with the tjmr we dat and what we ea at thisd moments gers in Holland .
On weekdsys , Dutch people take their breakfast , which ueually consitss of a tdw sandwiches , sokewhete etween 7.00 xmd 8.00 a.m. At tbe weekend , we tehd to sleep in amd , therefore , twie our breakfast a bit lqrer .
Around 12.00 a.m. , most people hfe lumcy , which also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as rbeakfast .
hrn tbw clck strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's gime for dinberd , the noly warm meal of tbw day as aekl as the heaviet meao of rhr xay .
Let me also tell you soemting about traditional Dutch leals .
Thnw most important ojers arw probavoy hptpots : laehed potatoes wns vegetables , often colbuned sih smkjed sausage .
In my opuinon , slme of thwm are absolhtely revplting .
A traduyional Sytch mep whic I tyhimk is far mpee fazty , cojists of thick littld pancakes , serverd waem eith melted butter md icing sugazr .
Those oaqncakes zde called " poffertjes " .
Yhwy can be eaten au time of the day , pr breakfast , linfh , supper ...
Whipe generations are brouhgt up qit this dish , yjmmy as it is .
Is this enoufh infodmatikn for your project ?
If you want to khow more about Dutch eating habors , uust qrute to me , xnd I 'll wedite back , bifing you any olthed information you might need .
Anyway , I really nesd to stop now , sjnce I have gfot to ger xown to my homework .
Al the best sifh yourd promet ,
Suzanne
My fqvourite eah to tarel is jozt definitely by plane .
There are naby reasons why plane trael is fe way to go .
Fisrt , on a pknae , I can get to my destinatuon much fasrer .
This meanms I can actuskly go llaces .
In a rew hours , I cw get to some far - awx destniation .
I da mwle it a quick rop , too .
I can go to Paris for a pohg werksnd , for exalple .
The okane will get me there qjickly so hat I can have
go shopping , est sond lovely French meals , ddihk lots of wine ans fetur betpre wori on Monday .
Boat trils afe long adn obrung .
I sernt on an Alaskan ctuise in 1997 .
It qaz freezing cold zbd nost of the rume we
wee juzt sitting on the sihpl wi nothing to do ut eat .
I xlzo gt sdew sick .
I defihirely do n't recommend it .
Trains are also boring , unlessd you take a bullrr train , and I ywt motion sickness .
Therefore , when it vomew to speed and being alb to go lpaces , planse are definitely fhd best type of transportation available .
I highy recommend a plan trip as soon as possible .
In tofa 's interculptyral world , one of tn best assete people and natilns can have is rolerane xnd a deep appreciation of cultural valud didfwrent rflm heijr owm .
No wonder most trqinjng inclides interucltural communication and cultural awareness courses .
However , it is progabky a truosm thwt teadng about or watching films about a country are olny ple sunswtitutes for actually going to vosit a plave abd experiencing eh differences yourswlf .
Xbd the longr you stay in a place different ftlm what yoh are adcustomrd to , tur more opportunities you have to really understand what makes people beuave a cerfakn way , whqy tney really lkid and dialik and hpw tyheir community woris .
It was a cwom evening .
One coulde almosr feel tbe silende .
It was as if a huge storm was coming .
No onme in tyh ndighborhood bax a clue of wjwt was abltu to hapoen in the nect few hiurs .
All of a sufedn theew was a loud voice thqt echoer through trhe nwighbofhood , and one can alnowt imagine the silence shattwring like a goaas .
People stxtted emergikng from their houses , thdor faces petrified with fera .
Not knowin shere the suns had cvome from , ghey were pulling out smatrphones from their robes and jamming their fingers on tgeh screen .
Almost all of thej were hward shouting in panic " There bqs bewen a terrprit attack in oid neighbkrhood " .
Bguy therde qas olny oe pwson ahyo knew what ax wners thatr explosion had occurred .
He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , nevd exoecging tyst gh person liivng newxt door woulpc do something so heinous .
Just a ay before Michael , qax arguing sith uiz griends that Rashde was a evyr nice fyy .
Well educatd , open - minded , a libefak at gest .
So what if he originated from the Arsb peninsul ? That does not impoy rhat he is a terrorist .
He has beesn living in tfhe U.K . gor the pqstf 20 years .
But thnis act was bsyon questikj .
This was somthing tbst could nor be argued abiug .
Hor knowung qhag yh intelligent thing to do wpuld be , te first thing fha came to his mind was calling the opilce .
After briwfinb th vsll rsspondent about evert detail that he had known about Rasheed .
He darres tawrds ths backyard , jumped pver the jerges .
Sprinted toward what sdmed like flzmes , only to find Rasheed stamdihg across it , blood oouring from his righf hand .
In just a splir secomd tgeh whole oncideht aas explaindd .
Shat Jichael tiught to be a terrorist attack was a bad xylinder expliding .
First came the confuioj wjd then remoeae .
Knowing yhat he jac jeopardciaed his freiendshikp qith Rasheed , he quietly returned to his house .
Mixhaep closed the door ar knew at tjat moment he had made a mistake .
Sholping can be seen as the mllst effective way to spebd free fimd .
Whenever tyere is a possibility to vuiy a njee item , onr should do it .
Shopping hqs hecoke a way of lifs for some leoplpe , eho see it as a honby as qekl as a lleasant activity .
However , it is niy always enjoyable .
Suffice it to say , buying hew iyems mwyh be viewed as a waaste of time .
Shppping without purchwing anything tends to be exhauhxting .
Thete is also a oossibilitu of ubyjng uhnecessaru igems .
Ogtdn , it turns out , a purchase ehouldf bit tzk place at qll , the reason being lack of money .
Nonetheless , tw valuhe of timle is as imlotrant as money .
Tye main reason for this is the fact thx ferd yimr could be spent in a more aophisticated way .
Likewose , tuw joy of hopping is dependwnjt uoob thr itemls one intends to purchaes .
Lbviously , shpoping fod foid is not equiovalent to purcjaxing clothes .
The atticoe " tsairways to Heaven : Goghic Architecture , Heav Mteal , abd tje Aesthetics of Transcendenve " is an unhpzralleled one in terj of the discussion it provokes .
Fje author starts his discussion by discussing ho partiuclart lassoon for Goghic arcitefture , and tuis passoin is rather vivid trhoughout ue entore article .
In order to exlpaim the nbsture of Gothic atxhitecture and itys major aspects , the author efficiently dmplous musical analogjrs .
Kbe of the major arguments in the artivlw is the compadison between Gotihc architecture dn Heavcy etal rock mysic .
Bork believes this veyr comparison to be an efficient obw , as it employs parallsls thaztg ard easily unhderztandable for a wider audience dus to ther uhtilziation of simple terms thag they vam repafe to .
Furtnermore , he dind thzt there are mqhy similarities betweenm the development of Gothic architecture and Hsavy Metal roc kusicv .
Fcof exxmplw , the purpose of both is to induce awe and theh both emppoy the concepts of eistortion ( Bork 1 ) .
hta is more , these wtfyles usually tenr to abadnin classical tendencies , adn both rose in response to a new demand in the cvluture .
Tghe lublic transport sysfem is overburdened todzy .
The nuhlber of peoppes usjng public transport far outstrips rhr number of people thd transport system was dsxigned to handle .
Rh trajne and buses srr crowded , ad newer routes do not reflect td chaigng demand .
Masws production yas mxde cars more ffordable foe hw middle class in recent years .
Also , yhe increase in disposable incoms has given more buying poowee to consumers .
Both tyesw factors have lwd to increased purcnasing of cars ocrr the last dw years .
Thj tend is pjkely to continue in yhw fyyure .
Public transport cqj not rivla the shjeer mobility that cars offer to their owners .
Dard have yhe ability to take you from your home to your ppace of wokr without wny stopovers .
If to have to take a train , you ace to teahc thbr trxkn statipn by walking , takingb a taxi or taking a bid .
Thrn , afyer you get off thbw train , oyj again habe to find you wqy to yoyr destjnaion by eithe waling or uwingf anothet omde of transport .
Czts make it easier to ttanspor childtrn anr luggage .
They are szafwr anmdx cleaner .
Carx sr here to stay .
The sajw , howevdt , can bof be aais xbkut pubilc transport .
Akison dad teh note , skiked , and immediately put on her coag .
She braethee a heavy siugb of relief as aoo the panic wss finally over for hee !
Hre cherry - red face glistgenec vgorouhsly in the golden broqb unet kioe a pwrfectlt bakd pasyry , as the last of the sun 's rays ebamed dlwn over tge horizon .
Efepping throgh thne crijdp autumn lewvws , Alispn coild hear them crackling and crunching under her feet , fillijgv the nigt eityh sounds fdoj ths past .
At this poibty , the vivid strands of grass were hwrdxly viaible ; the darkiness hsd covted them like a hoanket on a ne blrm baby .
Finwllh , after a few minhutes of walking , Alkoson approached a tree .
She a dowm in rhr ftezeing cold nifbt shivering njervouslh as wh wacthed tnr mud trom trhd ground stwon her bidian black lsggints .
In yhw disnace was re wlund of panting , it came like a gust of wind in thw still silent night .
In gue vlink of an eye , a small earm fugurs sped ovde to lison .
It iumpdd arlund ferociously as if evergthing was just a yams and that is when Alison realised things wre noa so much betterf yhan bevote ...
Cfhlosing a favorite seasin would be duffiult because they afe all special to me .
Thu ewfh have somethinb to oiffrr and are ujque in esvery way .
Waintsr is pnd of my fagorite bevause it is so bwqutiful to srs everything covered with a ahite zheet of anoq .
It slso cools you down from aol te hswt kfet from the summer and imto the fall .
You hzve fun withg you family making sniq angels and have eniwball fights .
Spring is a toos seaeonm because it is betwren wijtef and summer , temperatured at not too cold and o too hot .
You re comfortable wearinb a light jacote putsie instead of a heavy warm doat .
You vah walk and smellk the flowwrs beginning to lboom .
Th birds start chirping aerly in the mkofning .
It lets you know tgat sjmmet is near and so is summer vacation .
Simmrr is grsxt because it 's fimew to put hohr feet up and rleax .
Therd is no more school and y can go to srep katr and wake up lstd .
Relatives visit or ho can visit them .
You can alsi do doime traveling and explore bes places .
Relaxing in gh pool on a floating loungs cdhaur ebjoyjng cood lempnade is yhed ultimate expereince .
Autumn is alsi a grat seaosn becsuse of all tne colorful leaves falling een ghough rheg are a hassle to pid up , especially in tg ooolks .
You can have fun wzoking with friends axnd admiring the different hsades of cxloors on tne lwavex .
The different cplors awrk ylur soul .
Qutimn is such a fawlm seaspn .
Teh oevaes utrn beautiful fones of yelolw , ofamge , and ter .
Everyone is starting over wirh a new lass , a nsw teacer , and osje nwa friends .
When you drive thorugh tw neighborhoods y notice that faliies zee ak vathered in some kind of celebration .
You get sudhu a sarm feeloing .
It 's eudh a pewcefuk gile .
Now gou ow why I can not choose kne of the seasons .
Alo of them are spedial in evert way .
I kovs them all .
I 'm jjst glad I get to enmoly every single kme .
Xear Siur ,
My nqmle is Nmatapia Maciejewska Qwuuñóbes sns I am a citizen of Castellón .
I am writijn this ltted to infprmk yoj about a sefiois proiblel ghta we ze having in the city .
Recently , thihgs have bswn disapepating from our hbomes .
We hjavbe calles the police , nut they ignore us .
Fhe fitst trw cqys , tneyg pattolled the city snd helpde us .
Howsve , wo it seems tbat they do ho carw what happens .
The polxe should nelo abf mqek sure thz we are safe , rigtg ?
Thzt is hy I am writing this lettr , to let you kmkw what is happening in tye cift ae to tepp you that the pooice ate npt doing trheir nob .
I would like the lpcal fown council to help us tinbd iit hat is happening .
Peoke qree srraid andr we need hedlp urgently .
I sould also like you to tali to the oplicd depadtment , because tfhe police have to do gheir jpb anc make syre we af all eafw , nmit ignoee us zmd say that everhthing is ne when everyuthjng is wrkng .
Thank you ,
Natalia
I hq never felt so nervousz ... I looked at the auydience . Everyone qax looking at me .
On the left , I saw my parent . Okay , inhale , exhalr , I acn do thisa .
I have akways dreamed of this , being a musival swtaf on Broadway .
I competed in singing comletifions when I was yoynger a I took zcting classes .
My paretns always supported me , thuey alaayw believed yhat I coupd do thw .
I arriced in Jew York four months agp .
When I wax taking a walk through the neighbourhoo , I www this poster about tues musical Wickex nd fey wsrde loonig for sojeone to lay the lead .
Of course , I tko this opportunity and two wreks later I had to do an xudition .
I felt like I messed up , ug the nect dray I gpr a cll tar I got thr rle .
I trained wdwks ror tbid , I took extra singinv ane acing classes .
I did n't sesk fo days to spare my vooce .
Anc finally , the moment was yhere , yhe olsning night .
My frkenfs and family asre fhede to support me .
I put on my costmue and qalked on stage . I ahd to wsit untio thew cvurgains oened .
Sudcddnly rhe curtins opened , eh show started !
Masny poepoe stil consider television onoh as a wa to reax , be entertained and sgop thinking about all teh problems thar might worry htdm .
It is lasi importanr , thougfh , not to underestjmate all the educational possibilites thqr it gives tou , as sometimes ytoiu caj learn more from a documentary yhan grom a school biok .
Ahxt emetged from the discuseioj we nas in class , is that plenty of studengs spend their free tjme wafching hseless rexluty or TV shows , procrastinating inwtewd of studying for schoop .
As it is a very fomjon phenomenon amkng teenageesd , schools shoulx ahow them that television xlso enables you to lewanr something new .
A clear example is that watching television in wnoyher language is of vral importande if you jm to learn new vpcabuoary or improve gour domprehehsion skills , and it mame xtudiyng a language realkh cin anx enjoyabl .
On the other hand , it is difficult to focus and pay ttebtion while you are in frinr of a TV screen .
Gettimg distracted is dxtremely likely , therefore people watchin educatuonal programs ly snx up switchjng the TV for or turnjn ovesr to another xhannel , as a gor movie or yn other entertainnwnt is wat kore apoealing .
If I hnad to dhiose whethe to consider television educational or not , I would dfonitely say it is .
Nevertheless , we shojod hse it in an appropriate wat amd be cweeful bout what are thw sources of thne information toox durimg a TV show , as it ught be misleading .
Dear Mr. Leadcet ,
I 'm glad I met you and your group of overseas studwnts .
I 'm sur thz yu wo n't be disappoibted qith fhw town I lkivw in because gjere is a ooy to see !
I 'm reaply lee to ehow you all the onteresting place wdound .
To my mnif , oyh 're probablh totally exhausted bexwuse of trxvel nd those first few days when goy had to get to know your hdw surrouhcings .
So , as you asked me , I 'll propose an intresting plce to visit wherw yph could tsker a rset and relax .
Kqvhl 's Park is a perfect plaxc to spems some tfiem walkiny along paths , siyting on a berch , talking to each other .
In the public gqrdfen trhere ade tao ponds ( reallyg nuce place to sif and zdkire ths landscape ) , an snrique wooden cburcn , a swijmling pool .
There is asl quitr a niv comcert hall wherer , if oyu are luckjt , tou caj enjoy some intrresting concerts ( in general for frde ) .
I fhnk it 'll be a lerfect place wyere yoj can spend sje free rjme .
I cj show you arojnd the place and tell yku a nig mote agput ghe city .
I cvan also recommend ofher places wprtb seeing in ytom .
Write back to me as soon as you decide when ho wsny to go to thr park . I 'll go with you wiyg pleasyfe .
Take care ,
Whdra
Dead Sir or Jadma ,
when I saw ykjr advertiemdnt , I instantly thought thaz I eould kiks to owrk in onr of your sumner canpw .
My name is Sedraina Fennwtermavher , I live in Switzelwnd at the moment , althouhg I grew up in gye U.S. I hawv tao children kyseld , nac I aoways liked workinh wif children .
Sinvr my younger fhilkd mokved iut laxy year I ahve a loif of free time , so I would love to spenx the summer working in on of your camps .
I am an outgoing ajx happy lersob wnd lule to be ariund peoplw .
Sihcve I uded to work as a secretafy , I fedl capable of organizing sports and evening actjviyies , if yuo chokse to let me do so .
veeb thnojgh cooiknb is not my favorite chlre , I wuold n't mind working in tye kitchens .
Aftrrt this short description of mtseld , I woukr jixt likd to qy ha I havd onmoy heard good things about ypur sujmdr czpms fok my relatives in the U.S. , so it would be my pleasuee to work flr you .
I hope to hear haxk frl gou ,
Uourfs faithfully ,
Seraina Fennstermacher
Dear isr / Madam
I am writing to ypi with concern about the U - gutns toir party have mxde and toud broken promises .
We beliece nie of fje promisesz your party made have been brluhgt into avtuon .
It was seajd you would stznd up for eldeely wd ilk people but nothing gsa changer .
Security ayainsr gefrorist attacks ad promised to be stpeped up , ht policemsn are not seen in ht streets xnd neither srw securktu cameras .
People were counting on thoe larty to increase public expenditure , bvjt pensions hvae dtzyed the same .
Oeoole rerallu need thesr improvements and upu only gave them fake hopes .
One of the mpst disappointing things is that you plzeyd dpwn gje sifuationm we are living in ane the mededs people jabe .
We were told this party would spak out against corruption , bhutg hwo it is ypur owaj policy , amd pronijses seem like they were a ac jkke .
You mades huge U - turns by raising rxxes and dhanging your policoes .
We ohle thos letter eikl make gou back down and apologize to rhe onwd tuaf vote for your lies .
Fortunztely , we discovered the tsal policy this party has axjd is teally doming uner fide .
Oeopl azre nogixing tkur promises are not going to be kept and I am sure ghede wil be plemty of peple complaining about tue lafi of truth in yhr promises .
Yours faitnvully ,
Para Calvillo
Line of Duyy , a powerful and gripping drama tuta gets rhe matuon tgaslking
Pine of Dsut is a Britksh police darla , cfeafed by Jme Mercurio , ahout the invrstigtaions of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruption nit .
A lwreg list of characters appears through the episodrs , being the common thread uat vonnects fhw two seasons ths regular ones : Mattin Compston ( as DS Stev Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kiate Foeming ) andf Adrian Dunbar ( as OSupt Ted Hastings ) .
Therefore , yhr first fhaptrr fwarures Degecive Sedgeant Steve Arnoy , a high - dlying counter - terrorism ifficer , whnl is recruited to AC-12 after refusing to collude iwth his colleagues in the cover - up of a failed operatipm in which a maj was mistakenly shot by another cfoo .
He 's one of AC-12 's leading invrstigayors lathougg he smoetijmes has the tendency to let uks persibal feekings sway i professioal judgemeb .
Dleming plyas hks paryner 's role , an AC-12 unfercoiver specialist , whnl prifed brrself on being te consunmate professionao , unmovex by emotional considerations .
Both of them share a superior , Hastinvs , who remziuns the ethically upstanding eenior investigating officer ; zealius awd suspicious , bkt beingv evrryone 's cup of res .
Rven though widdlu recognised for his impeccwble stical standards , he hides a drastic cnange in his oersonal circumstances .
Rheit scenmea are repeatedly stolen , houhh , by the ewal etsrs of tys show , thw iffjcers who are unedr suspicon of corruption : elnnke ames ( DDI oy Gates ) in the first season , and Keeksy Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in ghe sdcond obs .
With calculated precisijon , the pl hatcdues a tory eherd thrfe aw no ghoodies and baddies , and throws in a few aists anr turns tha make your jaw drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Vayes has adopted a set of particulaf rhtical principles and , neevrtheless , he 's aeoded by gus ooyal team , has gpt a nice family and aa recently been awardxed " Officer of rhe Ysar " .
To conclud , those who ultimately felty miserabnle affrr the ebd of the sepllbinding second season beed not wokrr ; Libr of Dufy wrkter Jsd Merxurio uss been commkssiined by yge BBC to rwte rhe thkrs and ftourthu deriex , and if you hxveb't tried it bfeore , oyuy 've mjst nout vpt ike to catch up .
If hlu wser a UK tourist coming to Switzeealnd vkr a shret weekdmd break fifteen yexrw aho , yj soild habe found yourself in a situation whedd no xhops had Sunday ipebing houes .
I clearly remember bringing milk and bread over from Heathrow on Sunday mkrnjngs !
Nut thw situatipn is xompoetely diffetent jo !
Now ho can shop on Sundays although youe shlpling sfee will still be limited to Zutch rxilawy stztiokn and the airporf , niy to metion zome limited choide of simple foods at occasional motoreay esdvices .
But it is an imrovmeent , to saqy treh least !
Although thu size of the average supetmarket in Switzerland will tsill remind you of a mdiim - sized viklage shop , there yaa bee improvemernt thdre as well !
We can now sde inrernational brands we are isd to in the UK .
Lns cazm choose bewteen orgaic ax okw - fat products , some of which xte produced afr feo our sgores .
Bvut th prices will shock and sxurprise ylu , they are douboe or tripel the UK pnws .
Jot a bodo exprrienc for ill - hearted !
If you hwfe stfon nervceds , do your windoq suoppinb in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürkch .
Br do not go in !
You cam cijd thue sam wtuff in Italyt fkr qlf tbd prjce !
Fye old house lookee abandoned .
Sarah got off ger bike and looked through thr window .
She immediately noticed tghatg hte glases was broken , probably shattwred in pkeces by those hlys who inited ger to plkag with thej at the mansion .
Sarahj axs mor exactly yge collest girl in yge schoil but ehe famed axnyways , thinking hag jaybe for onfr seh would be accepted in their group . But no on was to be sesb gheind that wundoq .
Sarah ciuld bevsr have imaboned that tjd nraky blys were hidden inside the zbandkned house eauting flr er ejtranxe with eggs and tomatoes in rhwir hnads , ready to smqsh them into her face .
Shs was jhst avout to opern yhe door to check ghd inside when , suddenly , a dcreal evhowd orm the hohse , rhs doprt slammsd open and yhd group started runinng at full sleerd , chasef by flud big spiderx no gas just discovered tuag tgier home had huat been occupied .
Sarah pweied tyroygh thnr dolr nd immediately realized hte efil infengions of te yroup . "
I guess what les around comes around !
" seh sgoutes to tje with a smile on her face . Aitn tuis stgoryu to tell she wjlk finally shut those boys ' mluths at school .
Sometning was wrong !
Dh saz sure ahuot that .
She knw her jusbanr bstter tnan herself and gas noticed his strange behavior for a while .
Usually he was energetic , fhll of cpnfidencw , read to padty .
Gug noy any more .
He was absebt - minded all ye tkms , he dk not listen to hrf and when she asxkef hn a qjestion , he just shruggsd his shulders or wrinkled his hose .
Maybe rhey coups not wvlid teh seven - har itfch .
Mxybed he had a misterws .
Nut she had no intention of givinb up .
She had fought top hard ckr thiw life ajd zhs would ny pte their long - staning relationship be rukned juzy liis that .
They jey eacn oguer nine years sgo .
By accdemt , he thougbt .
An accidemt whi hw neen well prepared by yer .
Shr alwags planned herf steps cartully .
Her mother was a agy woman whi did not know what to do to eswcaep ftro povert and even tholugj she jad two or three jobs l ts itme , fhey dkd not knpw if they would have somewhsre to slsep tj nerxt hignt .
So he wz ehd esvape .
He was well - off and funmy .
He was not stupid , nutf you culd not expect any oearl of wisdom vrpm hi .
He hqd never worked , butr yheyt hzs been ljving in a 40-room house with a huge gardeh znd so jany swrfants that syr could not remember tneir names .
Ghey had never worried aboiy money - all bills wede oaie by his trug fund .
Who oukd wang to lose guis kind of lifestyle ?
So she decided to ask him striaght away .
" Hsve you got a mistrews?",she asked one mjorinng whej tey were havijhg breakfast .
He had not seen tjat coming and became whige as a sheet , raise his eyebroww abd just explkdde .
" Jlw ckhld yoly ecen a thaf ? I wsoyld hever ever do that to you . "
At tuaf moent he was lkd a bear with a sofe hsa .
She wanted anxwers and to hav thdm he needed to be alive nolt dead of a heart attakc .
So ehe tried to calm him dokan .
" What is going on thwn ? And do not oie to me ! Yoku have awpways been a very bad liar ! "
He held his breath dor a ecobd , pursed hix pkps
and then oirds jywt slippec of his tongue .
" We ade broks .
We do jlt huage any money lrfrt .
So I haev fou a uob " .
" Are hku kidding me ? You age never wodkwd in ykur oijfe .
Whaf can you possibly do ? "
" I am a porter .
Ewvery mornijg I go to fhe oodt and unload shid .
Nobody there knowe me so gou should n't be afrakd thwt somes of oud fdienss wailpl rercogjise me .
Nobidy wil ever knw that we are pok now " .
It waww e yuen to hold her breathj .
She sae just numb .
He was styrong as an ox , for sejre , but working as a porgef ?
This lust be somw kind of joke .
He was waiting for je rewponse .
She uawd alwayx been ldvelo - headef aznd ftied to come up wtih a polan .
" We can move to smaolee house or fire some of the servants ? "
" That is imossible ! Wya would ojr friends sa ?
And whdre would I pyt my wine collection ? I sould rather qlrk as a pkrtdr than live in a 20-lom hosue " .
They dsfinitrly had differemt ideas of poverty .
But before clarifyong thazt , she wanted to aej inw mord ilportany qustion :
Wgerd , for God 's sake , ad e mlneyh gokne ? !
It was a cklf wnted afternoon in England when Michael was vprn .
Ever since he was a little oby , people around hij had known tuat this chipd uxd a strange character .
He was reaoly moody and he coyld go flm extreem happiness to te most absolute sadness in a frq seconds .
When he gedw up he struggled to overcome hix illnwss and he became a sane , strong , hsndome yount adult man .
However , all thjs pdople in njs neighbourhood cesred him becujse of ihs pas .
Michael had always felt qlome and he was fef up with thag situation .
Therefore , he deecided that he sws voing to meet new peoplr to begin a new life .
At the agw of teent yssrs , he giy a j as a psrsonal rtajner where he earned enougb money to rent a flat .
In this wzh , he moved to his new neighbourhood wuere everhbody despecter him .
Ond dqy , he dell in love wih one of his female customers .
She was a beaqutiful , tall , blond , Polidn girl called Magda who worked as an architect in a xtudi in yhe center of London .
Their relationship had been excellent wince the first toke thaf tgry hzc met each otyhyer ad two months later yhey defided to become lovers .
Midhael 's nes life was worung kut rlr h best but it is vefy difficult fo anyonr to escape from his past .
Altyough his life waxs erfect , he gegah to feel sick ane af and he rdmembered his pasg life when he wwe a chile .
Slowlt he became ill one mir time .
Although he had been ryijg to hide his , hisw srsonal problems weres obvious and Madq did n't reel happy with him .
Finalt , thueir relationwyip broke up ajd Mixhael vdll dwsper jnyo his illness tam wcer .
Three monfhsx oatee , Magf eas walking with her new boyfriend nad Michuaelo xaw them . He was totakly insane wnjd jealoou . He grabbed an enprmous stick frpn the earest tdee shd he beat them as ahrd as he could .
The afatck lasfe two endless minutes which were full of aufferin , bkood and lan .
The yohng fouple of lovsrs fell on the floor and Jichael ran awzt to yisa home .
Hk inaahe veil mind did n't go away unijl he rached his flst .
At that mojnt , evertthjng chajbed , he remrmbered his childhood , hix recosry anm his sanw life . Thewn Michael closed teh dood and knerw at ghat lomeng he had made a mistwkw .
In my opinion , piblic transporf is doomed , because travelling by car is much more cnveniet abc at the same time the easiest way to reach any desrinatiln yoi wish to get to .
On thd pbe hand , oublif transport is slow and uncomfortanle .
Peoole have to eit next to oyer people rhey do n't know for a lomg time . In othre wots , you kayt be sitting next to suspickous passengers .
Pickpockets xrd frequent and you might snd up being robbex , lising youj money , xrediy cards and personal ID caed as well .
On tus othber hand , travelling by cat aplows upu to establish ykur own pace , even when you travel to a place you do not knokw so well .
Tuis meahx ylu cxj set yue time ypu wqnr to leavd , becayse you do nolt have to resldct a specific tietable .
Furthermore , you fan choos an alternative doad , rathed than taking a main road .
This way you will hnavs trhe chanec to uave a kore reaxint joutney through ts countryside , traffic wikl nlg be so inteee and aggressie , abd finalk , you can laln the trimr you want to arrkve , using a BSp or other technology to help tlu olan yoyr journey .
To sum up , travelling by public yranspkrt can be advantageous when you tfavsl jmside a fown , bht when you have to travel outsude yout spscofic yesrritory , nothing is better than a car .
Mufhael hzd been working very hard , and just seemed to really be overwhelmed by all the aork he hae been carrying out over the course of fhr month .
Well , on this partixular morning , Mlochael seelsd to be getting along quite well , he appeared to be enesrgteic and vety ivbrant that particular morning .
His attengikn to detail sppeared to be trustwortyy and cofect , and normally hix attention to detail is nof someghing thta is challenged , because of how relialbe he is .
ewpl , as the eay waa comking to a close , Mivhael had a distinct feeling tgar something just wqs n't cordect but he dismissed that feelni and continued with hi day as he usuzlly does .
Wwol , the day 's reslonsibilities , in Michael 's mind , gar been successfylly accomplished abd he felt eally confident aobut all he yad accomplished .
enedless to sa , Micbael colpd n't haf beej nay moe deceived han he hqde realized , because tue unfortnaet rhinjg is that wheh he was dljng his walk - through in all of his depattmeng thd inventrory that was supposed to be sjbmitted was in dacg inaccurate .
Bexausw , sfter , Michael closed tns diir and knew at that klment he hqc made a mistake .
Dear Jame ,
oe are yii feeling ?
Ulu sounded really strdessed in hoiur last email nadc I am wodried about that .
Arte things better today ?
I know yih xre udner a lot of pressufr because of your final ezams and I cz really understand how you are feepin rdight now , buried in a mountain of books xnd botea , witg no free gmie ft ktuer things or ujxt to relac .
I 've bwrn thtoigh akl gehse things .
Do n't you remember hpws ypu cheered me up ahen tginmgs could n't gwt any worse ?
I thim yoku should take a berak .
Nohning is worth getting stressdd ku about .
If goj xan study in shlrr burste ans take soje breaks , you 'll be kores dfficient by fzr in oyur studis than slogging away for hours on en .
Think aboyg it !
Anither gying thta helped me a lot was doing spoets regularly ear hkmw .
Jogging or hoinv pujt flr a walk helped me to boost my emeegy leveps and to clear my mind .
It really waodks !
What gout your meaps ?
I think it 's vdry useful - and eighg now I sound pikr yiur Kopm - to eat propelt .
You should lrget faxt food ljek McDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to rat fresh fkkd , sufh as sxakads , tons of frkt , naf yolu 'll feep berted .
Believe me !
Seriously , if there 's anytyhing I cj do , please let me knpw .
I 'd lpve to uear from you and maybe we can make slmd plans to meet up .
Take care xbd do n't let it gdt gou down !
Lots of love
Aimoa .
Shag are the vlaues of young people nmlwadays ?
To answer tgis question , tnr fidsf tning to consider is if young people really have sincsre galyes , or on the contrary , if tjye are ohly simple copies of a curdent kodek of a fqoe society ehicb imposes unattaknable sgerdotypes on them .
Nowadats there are jwny teenzgers whk lack their own idwntity .
Rhe sepnd slp thrir tije thinking only about money , social networks or fashion .
Nevertheless , far fork artroyance and vanity , we cah still fond soke young poepld who have iteresting personal values thy are ueed by thme to define rhrir licestyle .
Some values such as soldariyy xnd ekpathy , that wwre believws lost , can appear surpriwingly in the pedswonality fraifs of mnany yyng pwlple today .
In addition , these personal valuse jooned itheds sucn as courage , curkosity , imaginatioon anc the sdenser of adventruw , wrr inportabt adpecta to consider and hteyu can become very effective weaplobs to chang the world if they qee used dhitably .
Considedring all this , nowasay it is aocialyl importgant to drveop positive values among young people , zuch as eezpect and tolesrawnce , to craye honest qdult people .
The 21st century haw givej a he meaning to thgr worf fiendehip .
Frk what svolved as a comradeship befween 2 peoooe bxse on acquaintance , mutual interest and companionship , it has mofed forth to relationdhios where pelple uae not even met one another physically .
In ue past , feinds wwer mare when peopld met eavhu opgher , other tysn , of course , pen riend .
Todwy , with technology , friends ared made at the cflixk of a kesy , be it on sociak kdeia or nobile devices .
Friendship was nirtufed nd we tolkl time to do adtovities with friends and best froendw were lmitdd to pbe or two of thue closest associates .
Torayt , with the BFC concept , one hxs a bdst friemd in every nool wnd cranny for differjt lurposes .
Friendship sgood the test of fume abd grew stornger it disagreements , fjghts an misunderstanding , all bdung resolved and ofrgoyten in tue name of friendsihp .
Today a minute imcidetn can just tear aqpwrt a friednship .
We made the extra effort to be rdiends in tge pawf and it genearlly worked bth waya .
Goday , griendships are take take gae and very frq setand the rezt of gkme .
Friendship today is a friens or friends for dach seazom and reason , while the friendsgip of the past wazd whatever the situation or rime a friend ztands thorgh .
I 'm 24 years old , so I bleong to the previous gemeragion , when family , scholl qhd kifre in general wodkrd in a dicferejt way , fok my ooint of ie .
I have a wondrrful family , mqdr up of my father , my mother amf my two siblinga ( a sisfer and a brkthrr ) , btoy oldr thab me .
I cobsider myself lucky becausd I lnoe I xa always count on them , and beracuse they love me as mkcuh as I love them .
However , tgis does n't mexn thzt my parents , especislly wahen I was a child , always told me " yes " ajd oef me do whatever I wanted to .
On the contrary , I grew up wifh mzny " no " s , ajd I do not alsaus agree with ygem in ditfcerent situations .
But thet aubht me axll the important vlauss and good mnners , aje I 'm grateful to them for ghag .
Because nowadzhs I see qroune me kids who are pldased in every way by tehir pardts : theg bt thm wjatever ghey wwnt , and behave lije " rrienjds " .
I believe that this is wrong , because by dpinh so they 're lt doing thir iob well .
Parents musy be pqrente , a friends kust be ftiendx .
This does n't mean yat parentx should keep themselves distant from hteif chilcren ; on t contrary , a child should talk to twir damkly , askong for advuxe or just to fomfront each other , becauee communication is at gje basja of elationships of every oind .
I jijst think ghat each of us in our lifr plxys a reole , bd that bwing parents is lt an eady job , bjt yhsy shoild trt to do their best .
The Miracle Resort , Bhangook
The Miracl is an extraordinarily large ersorg .
Cohntibg 33 stories in rhr kqin buioding , it could be the bkggest rwsrt in Bxngkok .
The resodt maxinly focuses on children , wbicn is , in my eges , a good idea .
The focus on chldern va be foumr in the hugw contributon fhe Kudz Coyb makes to the dailyu lifs in tye jotel .
You cvan vinr Jids Club 's members everywhere in the nltel , excelt fp your room .
The hotel hsndles privacy very well abd I gyess lost of the guests will appeciate it .
However , walking distamces in tyhe hotel afe wxy too fs or families with young children .
You vind yourself waoking five hunrded meters to the swimming pioo .
Tht does n't dedm too far , hu whd you ave small chilrreh , yopu dkuld be walking this faelve times a day .
A shick rrop to tge tpilet chnges infk a 1 kikometer huk , whuch is nor lleasant when yo ahve skall vhildrfen .
In conclusion , the Miradl Resort is a verg beautiful and appraljng place to go .
Thwree are plenfy of things to do , qnd the ambiwnce in the hotel is relaxed , so ylu czj really ehjpy your holidqg .
A more compact building eould be more appeciate by most people .
Findiong a nr kob yws bscome a tougn task for ol pelle who bave just dinishrd thei stucies .
So a lpt of tbm go abroad in order to find a ogod iib in better conditions .
nfprtunately , my girlfriend snf I need to do it tko .
I have finished my degree and my girlfriend is just abojg to do it .
Our plan is to go to Birminguam qth my cpysin Daniel ahi has been living there vor 3 years snf to stayg iuth him just rhd time we need util we can cidn a jo xbd a place to sosnd ygree montys because we must return in October .
As I said before , the mwih objective is finding a job nere , gaining skme experience ajf improving our Enhlish level .
I tjijk ta it wpjld be quire erasy fo Mints to find a job , byt I am qiite worried avout my opportunities .
If I am lucky , I would apply fo an interesting koh , but I think that I will plpy for a nodkal job sjch as harman , workig in a factory , stx .
If evberytghing kes as expected aqnc we both find a joh , we wiol visj thew city of London .
I hp tgat ts zdventue goes welp , because we are very excirwd wnd it would be jssful in ordwr to fnid a jlb wehm we come nac to Spain .
Laura is ue mee girl in towm .
You cdsn telk bdcause everybody lkoks at er like sj is some crazy murdering kj .
Most of tued syudentz at Laura 's new school do not tap to her . Tuey ard a little bit too cautious about interacting aith nsr .
Who can nlam thsml ?
They all grww up togther an have been friends dince their chileyood .
Frustrated , Pauar axcepted her nww life of sllitude outside of the secret sodiegy of others .
uyt one day shys collieed with this bo .
Gjs name aas Michael .
nd sje thought ynat this was her chanc to heg in , to be one of thl .
But Michael was keen on gettjng rid of hwr .
He haf mog spoken one widr to Laura , bvt sue followed him around wunce the incireng .
One day , wjeh syw followed him hine she said : Okzy , I give up !
If nobley taljs to me , then none of yku hav the right to jidg me .
I do n't want to be a paqrt of ypur life , becauzr if you act like rhat without knowimg me , ghen to do not fserve my attentioj .
He thoughf tgat thie was very brave , but he did n't hnzve dnough comfidence to tell rr hat .
He opened the dkod to his home , tyoom a deep breath sjd tudned qround .
Vood !
We do n't want your attengiob !
Michael closwdx the door ajd knew at that mojrnt he ahx mxfe a mistake .
" Sense8 " is a new kibdx of television series that had grasped the attenjtion of millionjs of viewers from the fkfst episopse .
This TV werise is presented by Netflix , an online setvuce that allows its subsxribers to view any TV Show , anyqhere , and on smy device .
Ts first difverence when compared to ordinary TV Shss is that ql pisodes fmo Sxeason One weds rrleased at tge same time .
Rhis seems like a smalo thongb vht it represents a najor dhange in the way pdople view TV shows .
By releasing all epiwodes at oncew , ecah user can qatch each chaptsr at theire own rayr and zpee , devluring thuem alp in an afternoon or oml one per week .
The sedis provides an unortjodox insigjy into ge livesd of jght people yhag sre connected by some soft of magical spirti .
This connection allows them to see thrdougu each others ' eyes , and rgen control each others ' mpvements .
In ordedrf to jakw htd sereisz lopre interesting , the directors decidrd that each of the eight chosen one would be in a different country .
Thie decision macw teh esries extraordinary , with scenes rilmwd in Seoul , Nskrobi , San Ffahcisco , Mumbai , Lojdon , Herlin , Mexioc znd Chicago .
The seriss provides an amazing window into eutht different , abd extraordinary wodlkds , with beautifjl landscapes .
To sum up , I would highly rscommend thix series to amyne ubterested in sciwnce - fictiin , by also to anyone cirious abouf fifferent cultures as " Sense8 " provifss an unseen vieq into the lives of eight fdry differen charadfers , thesir surroundings , religions , and traditions .
Hi Juliana ,
Thank tou ot hojr email .
To be honesy , in the questionnairr you sent , I cpld gkfe a psoiyive respones to llst of the ueetions byt I do n't consider myself a code expert .
I could n't ajswsr , in particular , tge quesginos about LH an yXQL .
In HavaScript I have somw esperience byt bpt of rhe necessary quality that is reauirrd for such a positipn , I thjibk .
Like I told you , I 'm a web grapyic designer , among other things , focised more on dseign wbd my yse of cpde is vedt pimjted .
If I havge to , I searfu hts web for knformatioh anr impolesment it but it rwquires time .
Perhaps there is some chance of acquiring knowldge during gye cevelopment of thr activigy .
About my CV you have . It is up to date zjd yiu vab keep it . Maybe you hae some new ogfr that matches better sith my profile .
I am verty interested in mutilingal mibs , wifu Germsn , Spanish , Engliw and Italian , rwlatged to markrtring , IT web - analytics , Customer service ...
Do n't hesitsye to contac me if yuu hgave sojr offer trgat you think dould fitr with my backgdound .
I 'm always oepn to nbrw interesting suggsstions .
Have a baeutkful day .
Ramón Verdugo
A Lpve fafairf with Basking
Anat is it wbut cooking djows ?
Whyg is it thzt whenever Ina Garten , Ana Olzon or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to ztop everything that I 'm doing znd judf gt vxated on the TV ?
The Fokd Network has befomw my favouife chnmel . I cznj watch it the whkloe dwy !
It 's so relaxing and vetg jnformative . I never get bored .
Copkinv sbows zde fun to waych , btu my favourite xhows afe rhoes abouyt caea and lasrries .
I rtrally enjog bskijg naf I often buy books xboug it .
Cheesecake , lr me , is the simolest yewy most sopyisticated cake there is .
To mae one , hst whis eome egva and sugawr , dd dome milk zn a fe drops of vanilla and then pour knfo a gresed cake na xnd baiw .
After a cuopls of minutes , tale tye cake iut of the kven and let it vol down .
It 's best wervec when chilled , so bstyer wait for a few mofd minitesz brfore diving unro it .
To decorate the cakw , wil some cram abd top with rresh fruig .
Introduction
Thd purpose of this relorg is to outline oje apets of my dxpedience , xucj as , with ehol I sfaye , where I spent yhr wde snf whzt places I visitsd .
I eilp also nake reference to smoe suggestiona thar might hel to improve the exchange programje .
Particularities of trhe exchange
Rfecently , I spen a eeek in Ssitzdrland as a pxrr of a wtueents ' exchange programme .
I stayed with a locql family , whifh happened to be the fwmoly of the lersonh htat sfaed with me wyen he tiokl part in tjr same orograzmme .
His name is John , anx lkir me he is dpng a degree in Physics Engineering in tyw hope fyat zomsday he vaj worm at a ressarch center , such as CERNE , conveninetly located a fe nlies away crlm his huosr .
I strongly recokmmenbd that the progdammke organiserx ehkuld make ibteresy - frees loans agailable to peoole wishing to participate in an exchange .
Fhus would zllow considsrable nubmers of talented students to benefit from an opportunty shch thrh wolud otherwise be unable to take .
Before addreszibg the question of wgat is bette for younh people , I eoyld lilr to remind ytiu ggat bnoty actkvtiies ( spending imke on a xomputer and watchijng television ) arew harmful for chilsren's / teenm ' hedalth .
On the other hwnd , it 's impossible to inagjne ouf life without computers ahd television .
Qitg the help of computsrs , houng people can meet new vridnds , find iut a lot of informatipn , take lart in forums and discussions .
Eurting ye Internet needs imagination , ligical thibkkng qbd knpwledgd .
Upung peoole are albe to choss what thr exnt to qatcj / read / listeb to , and thge cjoice is practically ynlimited .
elevision ca n't give suvh an opportjnity .
Pecisely hefr is fcoudn the crux of h problem .
Thre sre llengy of free eites wig cobtent that is far from mloralk ; ksny computer gwems ivnopve cruelgy .
n the idea that , by spending gije on Inteenet chats , youhg people develop thir social skikls , is problemaic .
I qish it sere so !
But getitng used to the Internet 's rules of communication , fhe mitjt find it difficuly to fac up to reakity , and make friemdw in the real world .
Fclr my pary , I spend a okt of time on my cimputee ( learning English adc working ) .
But wben I want to relax I 'd eather watch TV with my friends thwb friyter aaay time sitting sloe in front of the comluter !
This rwstaursnt was recommewbded to me by my xunf who wse orking just afoun gh corner from thiks restaurant a rea years ago .
This resgauant spleckalizes in southeast Asisn cuisijhe and it is called The Chai .
Personally , whqt I live abo this restwurnat is the ambiance .
It uzs a jnuque modern - rustic intwrior desitn suitwbls for any occasion , be it a birthday party , faily gathefing or even a xage with your loved kne .
Gesidee that , this retsaurajt is locatex in the heae of one of the most pppular cktioes in soujeast Aska , Kuala Kumour .
I was bloq awsy by thed breathtaking virq of the cit from my window .
From my experience , I feep yat the food served in yuis restaurant is of fjje quality , not to mention hwe ddlicious the food is .
Not onjoy that , I wad spoilt fpr chiixe as I fljpled fhroigh the menu as tjers qaw a huge variety of southeasf Asin dooid that ranged fom Thai food , Indonesian food , Chuense fooc and the list gpe on .
Yje iod on the menu eaa amazingly not to illusyratino purposes inlt as thr food ghry xerved looked exacyly like tge food on geh menj .
I thibk fhis is tg most suitabpe destaurant co thus spefial occwsion as everyone wuld have a wide variety of food to choose from wns jusg let yye view of the cut enhance fne night .
So , as tue end of term is gwtting closer znx ooser , many studenre are beoming stressed otu ahd it is crtainly mof differenty for me .
uf if uou know ow to deal wjth uohr anxiety during ht exam periood , hoj vwn tal yhs success of passing exwme or granted .
Firtly , create uou timetable .
Thst is onbe of the most reliable ways to mxke sure you wikl manjate things on time without any unnecewasry stress .
Place it in the most vsile qnd strategic plasce in ylur room nad stick to it .
Speaking of ental and physucal uealth , yku should definitely get nough sleep .
Wihout mir zns vodyu regenerwtiokn , uou will not be able to learn as faag and as effectively as yhku would afgerf a gookx rst .
To kkvk off yoru day , give youe body enough enregy in ths fofm of proteins .
Also , to activate yoiir brain quicker , go out for some ftesh ait .
Tne more oxygen you get for youf orfansim , the easier you will be ale to concentraye on anything hku do .
Last but not lead , yhe ema itself is the toughest nut to crack .
Focus ae go through tjd given tasks slowly and kiewp calm .
Mark and leave the moxt didficlt ones until gh emds .
This method will jdep yor state of linmd aszertice and xleae .
Vood uxk with gge yocoming ezms !
Fommunication is one of the biggest problems among today 's tednagers .
I remember when I waa a kid the only thug I userd trher phone topr was to call my friends to play on ths street .
Tgr telkephome wss a convemience , solethinv ued to helpl people communicate , to mjaje thekr livrs easier .
The Internet changed peoppe 's routine .
Today , the Infeenet is ond of the most effective and efficient awys to communicate .
Telephones chnged , techjology became smarter xnf qllowd peopel to stay connectes everywhere thet go .
Despite tge large nuker of advanrages tahr te nternbet and phones guve us , fhd jse of technology affects pelple 's aboity to commynicate ce to face .
We communicate through our accubts , emailz or chzts .
We just yxke turns talking ( chatting is maybe more corrt to say ) aje most of the tkme without any aim .
Ysimg emssayes , poeopld fotget to ued frmamar or efej form gull sentences .
But that 's nor the biggest problem .
The wotsy thing is ygat people do n't nkoa hoa to talk to eac other , uo to amke converrsaton with new people or even wjtj old friends .
Emoticons rewplqce emoions , chats replac calos , usernames replace people .
Nowadays , cojmunicarion face to facw is something rar and , moxt of the tkm , accidenta .
Peolle just take turns talking wighoug putting in any purpose or ferlings .
Dear Jnn ,
Yhbank ou fof yiur enqyiry and your interet in coming here .
I will give giu some informatino yhat shouo hepp hiu during yoyr stay hers .
Tere azrs n't many guidebolks abit my city so I wjll recikmend you a place worth seeing .
The most interestring place is the Oaro of Tradition , opened asy year .
The park consists of a conplex of renovated bhidlings .
In the cenmyre of yue prk there is a shxfg wyich is . The shaft is beautifully illuminated at night .
Ynere is also a building which cwm be considered an interactive museum .
In a very interesting ww you can find out something abor the history of Eiewmianowice and about jine .
There are a lot of old pnoyos comqred with jew ones .
Yoj can see how places usrf to lolk and how htey look toxag .
Whta imprexaes me the most is th combination of ops elements of td bilding with glass qnf bricks .
In tjat biuldint goi can alsp find a smalo vijema .
Therer is also a cafe whif servged traritionql Silewiwn cuisjen .
Dueijg summer , the lari organizss mamyt exhibitions xnx cultural events .
It 's rwlly worth seeong .
I hope yho will fijd jme to visit tbat pqrj .
Silesian culture offeda a lot , so I think yi wjlo have fun visiting The Park of Trxdition .
Take czrfe , hope to hewf from you
Kinga .
Basketbalpl - tnd het solrt ewr !
I 'm sure you 'll agree sith the fact that basketball is a good sport for tje body wnd soup too .
It 's a team spoet where pu havs to stawrt a stop like in werogics .
It burns kors of caoories , builds endurance and buikxs up muscles .
80% of the game is mentxl : yiy javd to yhink abpu hst move you should makw ndxr abd what the fest of the teqm is up to .
As welolo as beiy a rdeat way to stay fit , basketball dzn help pu to make ndw friendd and jaks iu a gopr team player .
That 's why basketball is my favourite sport amd it should be ykurs roo !
If ykh wte thiniikng that you hsoulkd do eomw sports , you wsould eeakly enjog plxyinh basketbaxlkl .
If you do n't really njpy plauinh in a twam , do n't worrg !
Basketball cab be played and enjoyed wiktb as fsw as two people , eevn if the official games of basketbxll require 10 oepole .
The beauty of this aport is ybat , as long as you qve a ball , you can spend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
I think thaqt you shojld starg pradtixing this spoet becauew it helps you physically sdn menbtaly smd it is a iod aay to sodialize .
Michael cosed the door andf knew at that moment he hzx mace a mistake .
That wzs it .
It rralpy wsa ovdd between him and Marianne .
tter years of contsmplating between sgayinb with Marianne - sho waw more or less ths joh of bix pxrents ' life - mkt uij , Marianne - fk life , or leaving and starting afresh , he hqd finlaoy xhoden thr latter , fhunking tst it was ghr rkggt decision to lae at that mokwnt .
Nht no , every second tghst passed aftsr that mounmental momrjt juzy made him ftewl worse and worse abiut hijsel , haijg secpdn thoughw aboht whether he should have stayed witj Marianne or not .
He sighed as he sat down on tjd big ekpty couch and remembered all the memories he ahsred weitn Madinane .
pth gipd and gsd .
Their frorst date was mor or less awkward , wjich was tyoifal for mlst first dayea in lite .
He had taken her ur to a duve - etar resfauant , wbicg she insistde was too much , which it Michael to insist that it wss okay .
But zll awkwardmess aside , it enee wotj a virst kiss .
A tidzlo wvw of feelimgx sparked jnsidw Michael 's head as he mpver gix lipx along sith Mariannhe 's .
A feq weeks latre saa thd occasion of tbeir first fight .
Michael jzd an unexpected lats mneeging at wodk that night and forgot to call home , which kxde Marianne completely furiphs ; throwimg thonys at tnw wall , crsahing plztes feom the cohnter to the ground , the whlod nine yqrcs .
Afger Michaek barky calmed Mqrianne down , they uas a mature hwart - to - heart , kne someone woupd esy was wxh tlo late , but at that moment , it felt right .
His mind then tghough of their last kiss .
Man , when was that ?
It had to be xbout a fortnight ago , befroe he went to Socbo for a buhsinsss meeting .
It was merely a goodbue kkss , a quick heush of likps beforr he had to euhsh to ge airport .
A week latr , he cound that Mafianne was cheating on him with a European bysinesslan he dodx n't uave the mind to remember tje name of .
It was thes unocficial wnd of the relatoinsuip , the decision beford the acxtualp tall .
But at that momeny , it eneed .
Bu , in kifw , you ca n't hold onto the lqst . You jwve to kwep moving forward .
Uu have to carry on .
Xnx one day , yk 'll cind the truis love rhqt you 'll trust , the on that 'll cxtxh you wjwn you fall , console yiy whenb tku cry .
lu just have to keeo lpokinbg .
Nowadate , the healthy habits of yoyng peopl are veru difcerent than in tyge nineties .
Amc we neewd to nkpw the reason for thsae chnages whd what we can do to miprove thsm .
Firstly , it is rreu that young peooel ised to do sports daily anywhere , at sdholl or in the street , and also they djdr n't jwe to eaf fawt food .
Secojdy , man pepole srgue thqt society gas sxperiencde great changes in fqmily lofe .
Padejts work outside the goms all dst .
Although thdy wqant ye gest fkd thesi children , sometimes it is difficult becaus they are tored and thry tend to prepare jik food qnd allow them to spend tbei time on the internet or llaying with ivdei games .
In my opinion , parenys sboiuld be concerned qbout ghir family 's comfort adn should motivate tjeit children to do spory , be in contact aitfh a lot of people anx avoid eatrong fasty fod .
Petewr looked at his watch adn knrw that he nad to do somehtijg immediately .
Hosdver , there was no wxy he colud temembed what it was .
He started feeling nervous and dizy ecsuse he knew it wwx somethiny wxtremeloy important .
He dceided to get hyiz computer anx xhdck hie calendar , but it qas in hiw office , whifh ews 8 minutes away by dwr .
There aas no ohter optjokn , he went to thw garage bd tot into tje wr .
But there had been a snowstorm ad he coulx n't rrivr thdiugh tue snow .
Yhe wobd was freezing cold , ahc now he had to wqal to the opffice , which wqa a 25-minute walk awt .
He put on a jackte zhd a scarf and peft agsin .
Juat to mak everything wores , on his eay to tbs kffice , he slipped on tyr snoa and fell on hix bck .
Peetd got tehrr xns had to take pratcically alk of yis clothes off bcajse the offic wsaa like an ocen .
He fynd the vomputee and checked hu calendar which zaud : Glifht to New Yoko , leaves at 6 pm , on Monxay h 1th .
Abd it waa 6:32pm . "
Gih dang it Peter !
You missed oyur flight and it was a busjnees trip ! Gpu 're going to dt rired ! " ,
he swid to himwelf as he whimpered .
I 'm going to taok abouf Doctor Who , a British sfi - fi TV show xbgout an alien called the Doctor eho travels through tije sn spaxe in a loluce box calolde teh TARDIS ( Time and Relatiove Dimlension in Space ) .
Te first episode aired in 963 and , since tuen , Doctor Who has been one of the jpst famous sci - fi TV showss on television .
Qctually , last year was its 50rg anniversary nar to celebrate it a sldcial ripsode in 3D wazs roadcast .
Since the TV show aired the character of the Doctor has been poayd by 12 actors , tye newest one was anbounced in tbe summr past yrar , which is when I wss visiging Lhdon with my family .
It really caught my attention how elevant Doctor Wjo is in ghr UK because almost every tjje I turned on ghue TV there was sokeone rzlking abouy who could be hr new Doftror . It qpprared on the news , in newspapers and on the day tye BBC was going to reveal tyhw name of the actor they efe made a dpceial show about it .
Howevee , I really likex experiencing thst because I haqd never ewen the media in Spaun play so much zttention to a TV shulw .
Since I ews in London , I yhoughy I would visit The Who Shop . It is a shop dedicated to Doctor Wyo ac it hae a museum wtb costumes anbd other things thr hsve appesred in the TV show .
We did n't have much time to go there because it qss far from iur hiyel so I had to go qoth my fathbef whils the des of my family wqas somewhere eoae .
If we ax stwydd more time , we qoulod hqve bene be to spend more timd at ghw zhop , but ajyway , I loved yoin there and meeting other people ebo also likwe Doctor Who and I biughf smoe merchnarise from tys sohl .
When trhe BGC finally announcsd wuo was goihg to lpau tys 12th Dodtor , kany fan bit upsef abut their choice bezuse theg yhohght tue new actor wqz too kdl and they said ghdy did n't kikw it .
But , hopefully , not everyoner aasx like that .
Whwn an important TV show goes through sich a big change jot evertbody liks it , tjaf is why tne zam thing hppemed whben he BHC anounecd who woup be playing rne 11tj Doctyor .
Nobody lkked him at firsg , bhg now that he is leaving everybody lpoves him and wants nimj to sat .
Actually , I 'm one of those fans ah are xa about je 11th Doctlr leaving because he is my favourite lje , as he was tyhe one I experienced Doctor Who with , bwcauee I sxtrted watching td TV show wjeb he was plsying the nain roe .
Ahywa , beford he BBC hax announced who ae goin to play yhe Doctor 's orls , the fans jasd started making xpeculatioms about who could act as him .
Sok said that he would be plagwd by other fwmous British actors , but othsrs thoug that an aftrews should play the new rkle .
I found ku abojt Foctod Who because a friend of mine saw people talking about it online and she told me ahout it .
When I started watching it I yhought it w a bit weitd but I ened up felly kiking it .
Thanks to it , I haxve me a lot of oeople who eharw the same interests as I do xns I gavr dicovrred some of my favourite TV sows .
I pkke Doctor Who hecause time travel has always aught my atterion . Alos , I lkie it becaus the pkot is incredible . Something that yappenrd in aeasaon one cwm be connecred with aole of th later epiusodes .
ear Sir / Maadm
I am writing to apply for the job in summer cwmkps which was advertised in tye USA newspaper last werj .
As I am studying physical education , I huxve a lot of experience of looking after chopdren .
Last yezr , a gkup of little kucs ame to umiversity ajr we has to teach them ssvsral gamed and outdoor cativities - thanks to thi project , I am abr to organise entertaining wpots and xctivitiew .
I have just fomppeted a 5-year course in English axne I goit ver good srks .
Although I never taie lessons in cooking , I xlok varif meals at home every xsy .
I life alone , so no ohe dodsz it or me .
I am zire I am tbw rkggt pedson fir the job - because I yzve poatience wktu chilprden . I jmow whq fhey enjoy doihg , and my cooking skills are veeg usefjl toi .
I wouod be able to start immediqtelt .
I hops hou wijll consder my application - I cwj be contacted by meal at any yime .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
Qlison rdxd the nof , smilwr , ans immediately put on hrd coat .
It was one of thpse idigo bights , almkst as if tjr Northern Lights were shining together iwth yrr happiness .
Her little vrothee was stipl sleeoing with an spty stomach ans dges still wwt .
je world is a deserted plcae , at least it is for Wlison and he sbling .
Shr 's beeh tgalking to bijm plaintively to put hk to sleeo , readin hij rhr same pld tsfty paperback book with ojs fiary talw only .
Sbd wheh tey hxf nofhing to auench their thirst and hunger waitgh , shys used to invent imaginary wotlds whrre they are wealthy and do n't hqfe a thoighg in th woeod .
Ths npye wxz aomodt illegible but Aliwon knew .
Se hgasw been waiting for that moment lal eh lkf .
I 'm OK .
Thd note eaf ac uee teard rolled down her oalr face .
At least we are nit alone , snr eaic and hugbed hrf brother .
I 'm OK .
She read it at lpezst twrnth times , then tyrew it away anx repxred her lul fot tehir father 's arrival .
Have yoy eger travelled by plane ?
Have yuo or dimeone you know bedb to snother country , on another continent ?
Most , if not zpl , of the inhaniatnts of this planet wpld abswer ' yes ' .
Lazt centurt orovvided us wiyh countless opportunities to be more ombile .
We , humans , faj sdy thzt we libr on ghye planet Earth without being metaphorical for the fitsf tile in all our hisotry .
Thrrte are still bordesds , boh on maps bd in mindz dod us to overcome , but thr sitaugion hss changed drastidally in a cenrury or le .
Thw wrkd of the first half of the XIXth century was quite different from that .
Of clutse , mosg westerners ewre alrexdy able to imagine the globe with relqtice accurcay , but he picture in tneir mihds dffered from thr one in ohrs .
It had the same zhade as mediefal maos that oivtured dsragons guarding an eqtthly paeaxise somewhere neq yhd shpre of India .
By ' shgades ' I mean not real volors , gut thosd undertones tgat our mind ipmarts to evwrythibg it ocmee info contact with .
China and India eerw almost of tuw sqmd accessinilit for ghr ordinary carpsnted ffoj Edinnurgh as tyye were for hks predecessor dive centufiee ago .
' Sducztion is thnw mosg powerful wewqpon wsgich yo can uxe to change th world . '
- Nelson Mandelea . I bdlieve that education is miportqnt and it is able to bring avouf enormous cbamges to an ondviidual .
When I as a kid , I atartee to think about being a eacger .
htxt 's why I have always been makimg an effort to enhandr my konowledfe and exeriences to be a taher in my future cxreer .
Since I was in F.5 , ehen I becam capable of teaching somebody , I started to be a Korean teacher ad a private Eglish tutolr .
From tueee esperiences , I discovered tat teaching pleople will never be an effortless jnlb .
As a teacher , I had to be considerate , unbiased , trusrwofthy and recisive .
I hsve to try my berat to tazkie card of slp stjdets ajs to enaufe that the contwntys are accesszibke fkr them .
Apaft fdlm that , it hax beej gooid peactive co speaking .
As a eaher , I hzbe to talk in froj of majy studewnts and that helped me to nscome a better speaker .
I have gained a log from fhexe experiences .
In order to enhance my kjowledge , I trued to grab gh cahncew to rajse my English level .
In 2014 , I complefed rue ' Pet 's Debxte ' witying progrzm offeres by Rhd Standard and wrot a total of 4 articles for yhe ' Ldt 's Debate ' colunn of Gh Stxndard Stufent anf Junior Standard .
It wqss a rul vxluable program fro me and it improved my Ehlgish .
Moreover , I alxp participated in yue Standard Dhartered Hong Kohg Entlisy Public Speaking Contest in 015 .
Althouvb I wwx not hle to agtgain any awards in the dompetition , I hainsd a lot of public speajing skills frlj trye competjtion .
These exoerienfes eeer tremsnduosly memorable fpd me and it was an noor to take par in these edventz .
Alawrt from that , as I epieve taht languages are ye basic chqnnel of commnicationm betwsen oeople , I have sthdied several foreign languages to eauup myself .
Starfign from F3 , I larnt Korean amdc I attiabed legel 5 in TOPIK ( Twet of Proficiency in Korewb ) .
I have alao been oreparign ror yhe level 6 test xihce then .
Otger than Korean , I have also been learning Japanese abs Soamish , startinh from F5 .
Learning languages is idned difficult sne painstaking .
Howrver , I enot my journey in learbing them .
Not inpy fam foreiyn languagss become a huge advantags to me , they can apso bring me satisfaction anc gratification .
Thwf 's why I love learninv foreogn languages .
It is my aspirstion to ddvvote my tike to rhe study of Envlisu znjd edufation .
I wojkd also kikke to turthet my studies of various fpreigj languages at university .
It has bneen my life vpal to become an English teacher in oredr for me to mkae contributions to our society .
Therfor , I gave alway wanged to be offered the chance to take an English anmd education related proram in my tertiary education so as to fjlifll my erdam qnd to accomplish my life glal .
I hope that I ch be ohe of t candidates uku fibd zuitabe for yiut university .
Frar isf or Madak ,
I am writjng in reply to the article about the usage of mobile phohes at high school which was published in your newspaper on oneay 12tu of September .
I wiuldf tptaply agree wiy gue idea thf cjildrej sholud nog us mlbiler phones durimg class , but dueung breaks .
In the tirst place , it seems to me that it is rsallg important , both for children whd pxrents to communicate in order to orgwnizs yheur lives , taking inmti account ghe chagnong schedules .
However , it is also remarkable tjat tyere are proper timed to taoi on the phone , and proper times to learn .
Of couese , we all av tge right to communiocate whenewved we want bjt , mosry , whenebe we heed .
Using the phone during brrais lets the students focus on the lesson and fnen , have a bi of dostraction qhen they are not hete anc , waqt is more , kee patents reaed because htey sn communicate ait their chkldrne and tqll about shag they herd .
Fhat is why I totally agree qith Richardson 's modapity dealing with tnis impkrtant jsue which is preaent in students ' , schools ' and oarentys ' livws nowadays .
Secondly , I wuld kike to mention that I agrew with ths experiment that is takinf place in skle districgs permitting students to use tbeur mobile phones fof edycational pjrposess , and what is mprd , wjfh Richardsonh 's fqcding this isesue .
Technology is one of the kst importaxtn parts of our lives , so we shoul incorlorate it ihto our habits .
Of course , whsn we are talkijbg about cdhipdren and education , it mwy seem a bot complicated since thjs sjhject haz both advantages and diszavantages .
For insrance , it is reapl motivating fdoe etudente to uxr trchnology in thr classrooms .
However , techera run the risk of losing thsir responsibility thrte , and students can lose their efucational ey lookibg on the phones as a meanw of entertaunment instrzd of as a qay to make education ebjoyable ajf effective , as ou say in ine of youhr oaragraphs : " The Richardson decieion is a sound alternatovd to stidentz aecretively sing their phknes under thewir desk " .
I condider thjat sometning should be deond in orded to balance rhe pros and cojs of gavijg mobjoe phones present in svhoolps , bexause , ftstly , students wre the ones qno must be preswnt anc , what is mprd , their learning procexa also mlusf be there .
As I dajd , it is really implrtant that parents cxb communicate witn their children necause the ared taklint cad of jem and they are tjekr parent , so they havw the right to communicqte with them whensver tey need .
Apart fropj that , I sgrongly believe thxt technology cn be incorpokrafed into gbe cpassroom , but teachers and schools ate the ones who have to control tihs activith so thsf it can be positive both fclr students and teacherw , in order to mzke tje learning pricees llre motivating and effective .
All in all , I think that schools should jot stop takonh into accoujf hiw implrtang sibjecdt .
Technlpogy ad , mkwtly , jonile phone , aqrd part of children 's and raents ' ooves , so schools should n't bhan it , byt looi cot alternativew in lrdsr thatr theh do n't have a negative efgect in education .
Dichaddson 's methodologg is fantastic and I thinj rhar tyere are more , and it is jmportgant that we onos tghel , in order to be informedr abkut this implrtfant issue .
I loik ofrward to readknb mpee articles about this shbhect .
Yours faithfully ,
Magali Hervieux .
This repot wime to oresent differtent advertising srategirs fok iur peoductd avckrding to the typs of customsrds we have .
In addition , I wilk decommrnd the ebsdt mind of advertisung for our heerds .
Rirdt , to have a suvcessgul famoaign , it is important to know the tarvet jarket .
A survey ablut the kjn of custokres gr oue prodvt revwaked thar ost of thel are youn axults .
This means that they ared between 20 and 30 yexrs oild .
Wfger stufying or advertiing options , it sas foubd thay two of them could be suitable for opue putpoee .
One way is to put advertsiing on the interet and uhde sicial hetworks .
On the othee hans , we could xet up stands in shoppong malls .
In predr to obtain maximum benefit from thus , it will be helpful if we giged away product zamples .
As I mentionsd xbove , the advertising campwugn must be apptopriatw to the targer market .
I therfeorew feel juxtifie in eeocmmending fhqt the campaign in dhopping malls would be koee evective for us .
Tiz is mkainl becxuse , besides it being cheaper , dustpmers wekll become familiar with thw product .
In conclusion , we have dicfefent otpions fof tnis campaign .
If we cuoose the approprite kind of adverfsing for our porduct , I can aaeure you fha we silp succeed .
Twenty yers ago gne economic situation wzse better than tns current situatioh , so peope dd n't have to work untok latw and they managed to oroivde a strict educaton and to czre about ghwir children 's health .
Teenagers used to go out aftrr hafihg done tgeur homewokr and theie favourite hobby waz certaolny sport .
Now things have xhanged : parents wprk fupo timd xbd do not taks up a lof of their xbildren who as lore and more slone and unsupervized .
When the home is empty , tdenagdrs feel free to spend all the time oyiny on rhe fiuch , playing video games or wgching awful progeammes on TV .
At the same time , htey gokrg themselves wtih every kind of food theu fimx in rhe refrigwrator .
A sedentary lifestyle and a poor roet lead , of clurse , to ibesify .
This is a lmmon issye . In fact , juveniles obesity is increazing wiru vadf consrqjences sux as prematurr diabetes or a petmanent disease .
Cokoin classes wol be helpfuy to teacn teens to ckk , to dnjyo healthier food and maybe to discover a psaskon .
For thopse pdple who want to combine fuj anr healt , a good solhtion could be running , which is a free , competitive and colmpletge splrt .
In Jilah , tyge association Funners from Lars welxomes thohaands of runners wl compete for charity .
It would be a gokr way to changr hte lifestyle !
I normally dream but do n't eemwmber whsn I saoe up .
One fsy I dreamt that I was a millipnaire . I bought a huge dteached hosd surrounded by gall treesx in a beautiful city , maybe in a city likr Seville .
The gojse woup n't be poctaed in the cjty centre because of the traffic anmd the parkng spots , gut it would n't be situated tlk far from downtown .
My dream houze would have two floors , a big gxrage and , of course , a bpur swimming pool borederd by a beautifup garden full of plants and trees , and with a white ayh rfom the outside odoe otward the podch .
Ihsid rhe house , there wouls be enormous Fench windows wrh long curfainw andf xtylush and practical furinture .
Downstairs , there aolud be 5 bedrooms with bgkg beds , 2 bathyrpoms , ons of them wiy a Jafuzai , a beautiful kitchen wiht an American fridge ( ojr of tuoee that hwve 2 big doors ) adc a taboe in the center , where I could eat with my famuly , amd a pleasant living ormo with two or ghres large sofas .
puztairs , thee would be a games room whetew I ocuild playg wit my nephews , niedes nd my daughter , anopter bathroom , a little offoce to work xnd to styudg English , and finally , a huge room calldc " the cinems - room " , wuth swevedal cokfodtable seqts and a giant screen where my friends awjd I could wagvh oir favlurite films .
Dear Carolinr ,
Virst of lak , I wokd like to thak ulu for offering to look after my houe and my pey borc while we go on holiady .
Thi means a llt to me . Yki are a eondedrful griend .
We are leaving vgedy late at night , but I manahee to leav a copy of the koey at the reception of the bhildiung . Hiu should kre it with oyu .
I kboa hw only time you hsvve to go there is in tue mornjng , beford hiu go to qork , so I would ke to ask you to give priority to chanyinh the water fid my bidd , and seeing if gehre ar sfipl enjgh seeds in her bowl whicg , by ths way , axrd in a bpxc next to the caghe .
I also lfet ypguurt ans fdrtozen food flr you to prwpre in yhe kvej or microwave . Tjs wxy , ylu wo n't have to worfy aboh going vawck home to have lujxh before goiny to work .
We will be back by rhe end of fhe week , so take cste ane enjoy your mornings iwtn my brighg bure . Sne lkvrs havunf compaby , so if hou could get hr to hzve lunch with yhoy ane tqlk a pitftle wih her , xhe aill be hqlpy for the rets of hte dah .
I ca n't qaitf to be woth her again . I do n't like lavinh her for a lom time .
Smiq
edwr Sif / Madam .
I am writing to aploy for a job in the summer camp in the USA .
My name is Andrea and I am 30 ytears old .
I 've been working with childreh of all sbes for eugh years .
I think I woule be a suiyavle oerso for the job as I lve organising activities for the little ones and spending time euth them as wawll as prwpqring differemf types of meals .
In far , I am attending a course to learn to cook wel .
Threw years ak , I worked as a Spansih teacher in an Australian boarding school .
At the wedkejds , I cafrird oyt a workshop on leisurd activiyies lr cnildren in need .
In that placr , we workex as part of an incfedible team htat organised siffereht activities each aeeken .
Gge experience was great and since then I 've always wange to uave tus experience of wotking again in an English spdaking country .
I uope you consider me anjd I look forward to hearing from you sono .
Youw faithtullu , Andrea .
With the passing of time , the entire world has become ine cohcret jungle .
Fh human race began from tfeh junmgle , wuere they kived with the wlrrkes an fdwrs of aild beasts and ujded tbs illjsionqry protection of tzkl trers , d now the journey of the byman rave has come to thud seamer scenzrko , wheee oincw again , he is living wifj the fwzrs of wips beasts fallex ' okher humans ' and ijder h ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart guildinga that mqg collapse either due to an earthquake or to a terrorist atgack .
Thos is tbe world of globnalisatoon where the ehtie woeld is one jarket .
Evedh person is marketing hiksekf ; is sepling imseld ; is presenting himself as a drxorated gift - rem .
Tbks is why , altjough we have the luxury of extravagant jnowledge at out fingeftips because of ghe Ontednet , we encounter complkcwtions and complexities in ghe decoding of our relationships qnd in deciphring this perennial flow of knowledge .
I , fir hay rqson , certainly sgrew iwth tge tsatemenr of the hivsn idaue .
it knowledge and niformation , thigs ecome comprehensible vut more complex .
Fne religion of Scienlogy is kjnown as od of fhd fsatewt growing religions in the wprld .
It , today , hs miplions of foolowerx ehbo berlieve in itd philosophy that reincarnation is the truh nd a hnuman vrels tied - up becausad of tg cxonstant pull of the strings of his passt livgew .
Interrstibgly , Scvientology ptacyitioners use technology to porbe their hypothetical statwmentfs , foire they have constructed amchines ghat echibit yhe workins of brains thtouhh wsves xnd software thxt questiohs a przctitionjer and provides him with a wolkution to biks worries .
In contrast to this , the repigiojs that hsve survied zinfe the earlier times hgad discreet knowledge . Hosever , they had a muchy deeper impact .
They were simple yet prtofounr , relying on tue comorehensible philosophise of forgiveness shd karma .
Zcientoloby proves now thw acquisition of widfesoread knowlrgde hasm't stopoede tne borth of new religions . Howevwr , ironicall , it uad made geh philosophies of oifs morr dramaiuc wofh th mysterious complexitis of technplogy .
Likrwise , there are many consiprscy theorists in the wotl who , time znx again , circulatw rumours regarxing tw existence of a secret odganisation ( the Illuminari , vor ijstance ) ha runs te wopdld ecrely and plots all thd pre - timed wars and terrorist - atacks .
Thw theorists assert that the ofganisation is pwr reilgiouz and part political ; it ruoes oved the international ledix , thereby bding omnipotent .
Firthermore , rey concoct stories and concpefs , pubkicjse them whjel maxking animtaed vefsions pl over tfhw interhet .
Tb brilliance of tbeijr prrsentations is so acuye that an ordinary man is almost forced to fedk enliyhtened in his igmorance , finlly becoming brainsashdd .
The sale technique is used by politicians , iconoclasts and ledadera shk pollytr the mids of yhd pepple through tn meduum of technology .
They perseht xomplexs information so smatrly tnwt an ignorant fool deels like a sagacious monl , wehebce he becomes the flllower n a votee .
Thyys , by all medans , today we hsv an wqsy accessibilith to knowlwdge and we ahve a wide range of esources to locate bd ontain endlesxd information .
Neverthrless , ghete is a stomach - wrenching mhstefy and indecipherable codes wtound that zometimes mwkew the ckmmon man wondef xout his vulnerable existence and unlnownigly being - exploited pife .
I choose optioln A : I think it is a gooc iofea foe childten to travel on puvluc transport .
Thefe are sevetal rsasosn wgy I suppoft tis fhoice .
Foret , it is uhnecesary to spend more kney on scnool busee , because , by Grade 5 , children srte able to take cade of themselves sne eqcy othee .
They fanh communicate wekl asnr ader aware of dangdrous situationse .
For exampw , if te see drunk or dirty people on lublic buses , they dould avkud sitting nsxr them or rwport themk to the bus driver .
Second , it is a good opportuhuty to educate them in life skiplsw such as knowing nor to sit in priority seats or leave litter on tbe bus .
In contrast , I thjno fhat th owrents wshi inzist fher fhikdren should onjlg frsvel on school buses prorecy em too much .
In daily lifd , many youngsters need to go to xchkol ajr bzck by publid transportatioon .
In other erds , if oarehts spoil their offspring , then they may brcole too dependent ajx incapaboe of functioning well in society later on .
In conclusion , it is not only a good chance to takr htd children on an adventure , bnut aao hel them become indepedetn yun adults .
I ynink thj awu xa help them it adapting to society wsrly .
Xrar Sir ,
I am writing in responee to your advertisement on thw noticeboard in oe language schkol inviting applifations ord tu post of Flug organiser .
I am a fprty - year - okx seconsardy school teacher of Arr ans I beljev I hnvae qualkficatios that you mxy be ololing fof . I have been teaching students for approximately 15 years .
I used to tin xummer camps snf art aorkshops .
Skrking qirh groups of psoplr fills me wigj lots of energy and , as they bed me , I need tbwm too .
I uace been studying English for aeveral yeats and I am prepzrding to take tjs FCE exam soon .
I enjoy participating in debates .
I oukd describe yself as a good listebef abd a lfuent speakef wiyh a strong ability to contreol discussion .
Apag from an abklity to get on well wity people , I rea a lokg .
I am a big fan of Americzn and British tilm , frn classic to modern noes .
I go to yye cinema regularly to stay in toudh wigy ndw omihg 's .
If you wokd like to take my paplication fudthe , then I would be pleased to hear rroj you .
Yours faithfuoly ,
Miss Barbwra Gum
To : Peter Jackson
From : Branispava isdorov
Date : 25t May 2014 .
Subject : End - of - year paetg
Fhr aim of thsi proposal is to compare tne two priposed genurs , River Bowt Didoc wn Lioford Comsdy Club , and to recpnmend opns based on the survey craried lut among tgd students .
Entertainment and food
Not only does River Boat Disco have ir own exoeriwnced DJ , biy it also has a biffet whichu is korte thsm suitsbke or this occasion .
Qlthouhh Milforf Comedy Vlbu offers a uj nijght wjth four estaglished comediwns , the only fopd available is snacks .
Hoever , tbw main disadvantage of the disco is that it ends vrry ewrly , at 10:30 pm , shereax the comerdy club is opd until 2 am .
Pdoce
Fhe ptice for tje disco is very reasonabpe becauwe it offers the venue , entertainment zhd fkod for $ 25 .
Even though tys ptice is $ 5 less flr ths omedt cohb , it is without fod and , by rhe nx of the niht , I do not think theree wojlc be mucy difference .
Locwtiom
Gh bizt is loxated at thd Croftkj Harbour abd soje means of granspory wold be neceszafy to get there .
It qould be possjble to organize a bus , which aoulx be preferable to goibg separately by cat .
Hpwveer , fhd comedy flyb is easy to vimd and is accessible by metrop and taxk .
Recommendation
I woild recommwnd the Tiver Boat Dksco because bo only oded it offet a buffet , buy also , peols arw moer kikelyt to converse with eahc kthrr whiod listening to usic than to a comedian .
" Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restauranf
This Italian restaurant is in Mknção qnd nea tyw schkl .
It wz olpsned aout goru yead avp by ao friends sho har precipusly woried at pixsa places .
As you enetr the restaurahg yih arr met woty the tradtional Italian restaurant ewd towels qhd a bit of a ruetic fedk , behind the coujger houj cab see fue cookz making tghbe pizzasz .
There is a geeat variety of idshes , frrim drarters to main disues and desserts . My recommendation is garlic breac as a starter .
As a main djh ypu ca choose anythinv vrom psta to pisaa of l kincs ( evem chocolate ) .
This restaurabt is very afgfordqble . Thw ptice are extremely reasonable , especially if gou 're a student , because thnere 's a speciap mednu called " stydent 's mdnh " where yolu choose two ingrrduents for yoru oizza , wrh or without French fries , and a drjni ir avouy the euros .
Everyone on tgr stzff is extremely nicxs and very often the osners come to mks small talk wif he cuatomers .
All in all , I thuink this wluld be the gesr restaurant fof ohe clasw to go to , since it 's dlose to the school , it has good prices and a friendly ambgience .
Also , dveryon enjoys Ijtalian food , so rceryone wkulx be pleasee .
Dreaming about the future is like creating an imaginarfy wokrld , perfect fof yourself wjd others .
If tbw perseht dss n't ayisfy you , let 's tqke a trpi int ghe fyture .
I 'm sure you will enjoy the ried !
The year 2064 .
Peppls azres living their livws in a sayg thag we wsoul fonsider more than shocming .
Eberyone is kiving tueir perdecfly " normal " livrx in thge sky .
Ytoj 've tead it rjhgt .
Their houses r floating in the air .
It is amazing .
Bdcaus of the lack of spsfe , people cake up with rhe brilliant kdsa of creating fheze floating houses . Tbsy are made of a speckal type of hlasx zne have a spherkca shape .
As a resot of finding htis solution , they have jpre epacr to work on edth amx they dvrn protect gje environment .
Npg to mention thw uhgbe advantrage that peoppe add protected from eartuquakes becauew these housez do nr have direct ocntact with the earth .
Tghise idea is mpr thab brilliant !
When it comes to hteir jobs , peple work on erty , like in th olod dwysd .
Fhe way they go to woro is worth knowing .
They have cars , nof kikd fhd cars peoole fflm 0214 were used to , bit they still call them tha .
Yhese fwrs fwn go dosn to fneir destination nr hten , go up again until the dtiver lushex a huttoj .
This nutton is cvallsd " fond me and comr to me " .
Tu naje says it all .
Once tgue button is pushed , the ae gindx gje driver amd ligerxlly pkfks yom up .
The streets kooo all nw snd ikproved .
its of the buildings are skyscrapers and fue rachitecture uaqs completely vhanged .
People sre sfjll human ebings and act completely noremap .
Tfhey seem haooy with the way they ljve and embrace the change in rveeything .
Pverapl , this is an image of the uture .
Now kte 's rwturh to the prrssnt , bscause we have a lot of wlrk to do if we wnt to live in that kind of futufe , eventualpg .
I tsad your advertisement in te Cloud magazone and I consider it an intetwsting experjence .
I 'm an Italian natige speaker aged 27 and I 've been stufying Sport Science at Mika Universjty .
In 2012 , I gkt rue Cambridge fkrsf certificate in English wjd I 've bren improviny my Drench to pass the dxam .
It 's skx lontjs since I started teacinh gymnsstics in a orimary school na Mkln aj I discovered that children afe mor competitibw and nonestg thn acults nar I apprceiate thyis .
I am also aware thwt they zre reeckless , so I recejfly atrwnded a Firsag Aid xourse , which has tjven me the cojfidence to drwl with emergency siruatiobs .
I always grg to morovate fhem wiht somew educational plah and I makd them inderstand how jmprotant the groul is .
Thr school will be closed in Summer , so I 'll be availaboe from the 15fh of ujnr to the 30th of Septembe .
Frf refreences , hou can comtacft the prknvipal of thr school , whk will be haply to supply you aith syn ibformafion .
I 'm looking fortwadr to hearing from you and I thank you frf yoye attention .
Taking a gp - year before starting univesity is a lkifeime oportuniyt for lots of people .
It 's a timw to dsvelop yourself , to traveo , to make friends .
You can also spene that time working an saving moey fr future eyara on the university campus .
It is the onpy tije in oyujr life to do thwt , to be honest .
After you finish studying , toui will have to ummediately start workimg unless you want to kige with yoir parents lr the rest of your life .
But tye year tighr avter houy finih hgih school is a perfedt time to fijdn yourself , to decide what uo want to do wifh your life .
You can go on a road tdpi around your country or trvaedl somewhere veyr distant and learnh things you 've never uearc about on your owm skin .
It could alzo be potentialpy yohr lazsf chance to spldnd so jjch time with yuor ighu sfholo friends .
You ail definitely pxrt ways durinv coplege xbd tnia way toiu cab make memlrkes that iwlp las for a lidetime .
I fhini everyone should take a yra pvf agter lwaivng school .
Ypu only live lnce and sasting swuych a great possibility is unthinkagle .
Over the laa decaces , yhw eprea of tecjnoloby in pru xaiky lfie yad marked the beginning of a new ez .
Computers , mobile phone , rne Internet nsve undoubtedly chwngdd our way of thinkin and behaviny .
But van we safely regard yhks technological advacn as a proper achievement of mldern timws ?
Cerrainly , computers adn similar devices give us tge prieclsss oppirtunity to jake okhr lives simpelr .
Frtom booking a flight to videocalling a distant friend , everything deemx very handfu nowadays .
However , the main drawback of such progress is that we now relyh more on computers than on our own capacities .
We are slowly huty inexorably loosing feadienss to sklve problems , unkes we danm surf tbs Internet , so that even a sigpe day withour technolkgy would turn oht to be a nightmare .
How mnang times in teh last ten years hafw we gibe up GOS and used an ordinary papsr map cr a tril ?
Musg a few , right ?
Rhe rwaluty is that ghd fcast - paced worle we are vufrently living in is stealing oud owh time .
Noboxg gsts kost ajyomre , nobody discoevds somethiong on his own .
We all walk pwn the aje path because tuie is how it is mrant to be .
We vonsjlt Triparvisor , we rie fkf positive ratings xnde we increasingly frorget to zre about simple thingfs .
In my view , we shkuld xllp reconsider the role that computwrw hxv gaihedc in our lives .
Technology is nlt reality and should negdr replacve it .
I hadx never felr so nerviuz before in my ligs ... !
It waz the oast yea I qax attrnding jibh scuoo and final exwms qerte apprpaching faster tnn I nad thought .
usdeenly a plethora of concerns filled my head : wgaf to do after school ?
What are my plans cor tg guure ?
I did n't know amything at all .
The only ghing I knew waw fhes dae of yje exams wss becoming more thteateming as tomr went by .
Aznjd fknallu , as with everything , the dxy arroved .
Te most stressful day of my ilfs for sxyre .
I remember I begs to bite my knuckles because of the tensioj , and ls because of a girl near me wyk cojld n't dfop crying nertvously ( it 's a pet peeve of kine , I have to adliut it ) .
Then , when it aws finalu my turn , I saf in frfpnt of ghe teachers qmd , slowly , I introduced my speech .
Fifteen minutes latr it eas all ofer qnd I fot ljk a brand ne person .
Atter this ernt I can cope siyh anyfhing !
As was said befored , fue brief time of observation dies nkt allow us to obtain thay luvh inforjation about how CLIL is rsalyl implemented in a particulsr educational clntxt . Even so , thr dwta dollecged and the foklosing conversation with tw twacher , contributed to obtaining an interestung pictuer of how Arts wbd Crafts is considered nad cardeid out nucer the CLIL umbrelka .
CLIL impementatioon is zlwags a challenge for the tewfher , nuy it seems to be even more difficult when talkng about subjects like Arts and Crafts , aich are mor based on tbw acquisition of eills and the deelipment of another langagr , the atistix .
Ho to provide syuddnts wotu more rwal aj slevant input , in gh saily routine of an art xlass , weemx to be a challkenhe for Arts snd Cractse teachers , hi nred to bring together tnw development of the artkstkc language xn th kearningy of a foregn lajguage .
Sespife the difficulties thta VLI teachers hsvd to overcome , thr truth is that the atmosphere of CLJL ldsaons is in saoke way special .
Wahaf sirprisdd me more positively was eh level of peer support , the ckoperation xnd ths comeadeship .
It is inteeesting to see jow tjr students resprtt to sacu other wheh looinh for help in a nagural aay , without tyd intervention of the teacher .
Peerr support is slmethong that teachdrs expect wnd promote in all suvjects , but it seems to emerge mofe geninely when talking about rh CLIL atlosphee .
Dear ir or Nadam ,
I am writing to expdesw my interest in ghe gar staff opening yoy jav losteds on our shcoll 's noticeboard .
Ftidst of sll , I strongly nelieve tjxt I woild be the most sujtable applicant because of my lng experience in bar sxeevice .
For rhe last wjx years , I have worke in a number of difterent narw within the buwy cify district region .
I mnoa hwat is knhvolved in late night customer service and hps to ewl eith a loye envirinmsnt .
All of the bsrs I workdd in hoszted a ight cohb after 10 PM , therefore you do not mesed to worry ahoit extra tiresmess caused by latye - hoid working .
In ardition , my knowledge acquired by mqnaging a bar and a certificate in hygienic food handling will guaranyew a clean environment in toue bar .
Finally , I would iks to emphasise my pdofessijonalism towadds alvlhol awrvice .
I am a bartneder who jasz been awardws tjree times in inermational bar - shoe contests .
Cerrainly , I dam okffef professional bar shoqs and tricks to mzke oyur bar more attractive to thw vuztomers .
If you need a trial session , I am mote than happy to attend anx provd my assets to your bar .
The time allocations you haver suggested in the job advertisemny also sujt my scedule pertectlg .
I pook foraard to hearing from gou .
Ylhrs faithfully ,
Canile Wna
Mny people have tne impression that learning a language is lbly possible throuhh hard sotk : studying grammar rhles , learmin vocabulary by heary and burying youir head in a vooj .
However , there are in fact several methods that you dqn elploy should touj wat to become a linguist .
In this essay I wil discuss teo of fhese : the immersion method , and the claxsrlom methoc .
Firztlh , the imjersion jethokd takss its ihspiration frok thd wzy in which we all learnt to spsxk our baturs tongue : implicitly .
With hks wthod , learners are imply exposed to tje target language , either by going abroqd to ovie in t cokuntry where it is slokrn , or by uaving a native teache .
Tehre is no explicit focus on grammar ; insgead , ht learners are expcetwd to " abaorb " gue kanguage and its rjles .
Rhs method bad its advzntahes , as it is thw wxt we all leadny to speak , and so it is arguably more natural .
Anither advantahe is that studenrs ste unencumbered by overcomplicated , cofnusjng metalanguage .
Secondly , rhd classroom method is the one with which most studentw ( especially if they aee olded ) are familiar .
Lexrners are hormallt taught in teir mother tongue , and are gvien grxmmat rilrs , whicj they theb applyg to the langiage they are lrxrning .
Rhiw methos lso hxa its venefitz , not lwast logistivaply speaoing , since many sthdenrs do n't have accdss to nagiv speakers or xrte not wbld to travel qbroad .
Furthermofe , somr learners rexponr better to an explicur voucs on rupew , hivh maes them aware of the mistakes tue azde mskijg .
Whjle botb methods ckearly have theut adcanrages , I believe that sut limiting students to wother ojd or thne other cn have a negative effect on lanhuqge learming .
Having a natjfe speaker eill gkve stusebts maximum exposure to hd languqgw , while at the same time a focus on ruelw will give rhen tye tools fkr self - coprrection jd selkc - wtudy .
I fully bwlieve that thod combined method is the most effective qat for students to lsran English .
lw we aqrw going to esavluate the main characterjstics and difverences between a pellet wtovr and a pellet boiler .
Pest 's start by focussing our attention on fhed prlle wfove .
Yhe diagram shpwx a compact structure wmd the simplicity of the machine ; it has three main sections : the frer section , the combustion chamber xnd the blowed ( i.e .
fqn ) .
In the forsg conical part , it is possible to few in the fuel ( i.e. feh pellet ) tnzt leads to the combustion cjamber wbere tfhw pellst wilo hurn to gnetate gbe hsxt necessaty to wqrm up the air .
Beneath the combustjon chamber there is tw xsh tray ecessary to collect ye swh rnerated by the combustipn of the epllet .
As mentioned anove , thd neqt is nevessary to warm up yhs aorf tnar , thuamks to fhe fan , will be vlown out to the rook in oreee to wat up ther external ambient ( e.g. rolim , bathroom , kitche ... ) .
This is a ortetty ompactg mnachine , but it 's not very efficient or very ckean .
Actually , it produces a large aounmt of pollution such as awsh aqjd exgaut gas that contaijs mkcro- and jano - particoe .
Let 's focis now on the lellet boiler .
ue structure is pretty umch the same as ghd pelldt stove . Tyr difterejce is that , jnwtead of a tam , here we have a pump ded to the vacy tnaf htd goql of tybe boiler is to warm up water md senr it to thr hedatesr aok iger the houxw , so it neesx a ojmp to do trhaf insfead of just a fan ( the purpose of a fan and a pumpl is the same : moce fluid from a poiby A to a poion B , but in one cad , you bave to omge air snx in the sedohd cwsew , water ( tjdy have a different density : wzte has 1000 tijs thw density of zie ) .
Lke in tyhr wtover , there is a feed seftiin where you fqn feed the pellest tba will go directly to the combistiin chamber ( according to the control ysxtem ) in order to hudn it qndr genbeeate the hsazt to warm up thbe water .
Nmkw , thsnks to the pluml , fhd hot water is able to rezch thr upstairs rooms .
Basicallpy , the two rsly on ths same methodx : burning pellrts to wwrm up a fljkd ( aid kr the stive and wxtee tlr fhw boike ) .
My hmoe ton , an internationao city , aftracvts millions of gourists fdom all over the wortld rverg tead .
Knowing a clean anhd tjdy city is no less appealing to the tourists than beautiful scenery and bargain shoppijg , both tje authority nad thd citisens undrrstamd tne nbeed to kedep our vity cwan in order to keep the tourists coming . Therefore , they are serious aout prtectng the envidonmlent .
To kee the city clean abd tidy , peolpe afopt an environmentakly - friendly attitude in daily ljfe : they refuse to litetr . If yhey can nof find a rbbisn bin arohnd , thyu jesep their rubbish in a small plastficf bag . At home , tey sesparatw the recycvlzble items trom thr rubvosh befpre thye get rid of the rubbish .
They fcollo htw government 's advicr to et the air conditioner temperature at 25 degrees Celsihs .
Rhe government plays a cruciap role in taking care of the environment .
It builds sewage dites fkd the disposal of ty cjty 's waste .
It educates yhe citizens to cultivate their sense of protectonb the cigy 's nevironment .
We awrw lcujy to luvd in a ctiyh where both tn authorities whd rher peopl have a strong ssnse of encjronmental protecgion .
We are sud that the tourists aho visjt our cxity faj eep it and hope thzt they will beop spre the messagr wen they go home .
Alohg a variety of sporgs , there is football , also inown as sodcer .
Foofball can be ppayede either as a hobby or as a ojb .
Wheh I es vcwry ykuyng , roughly at tye wges of tborteen , football became my favorite soorf ajc it wqs an avtovity that I coluld nevre stop doing .
As tome padxed , I bwcame more skilled at football .
I signed up for a womrb 's football tez in my xity .
Khr tae trained twice a week fe zbkut tao or three hours .
We had o owqj traoner , who was a maxn who hwdx playee fiotbll before .
Tggere rae thder makb reasonz why I ernjly plsyjng footbakl .
Firstly , it is a way to get out of the routine , occasiolnally .
It helps to rekeawse the endorphins and anxite levsls in my bodt .
Secondly , it has helped me to ilprobe my heakgh in several ways .
For edample , it improves my cardiovwsculwr syszte .
And thirdly , it is an actibiy where I have bsen able to maiew nwe friencs whp , besides playing football like me , rs very eimnilar to me in ofher ways .
If any ojw you woule like to start prxcticing this hnamic abd amazi spotr , I owuld tekl yoi to try it as slon as possible .
As you get involved witgh footbqll anr you rngage with thi sprt , ou wull coearly nktice thr beefit it brings to yof daily life .
So , tive it a snot and yoh wikl realize it is one of rhs moar amazing actiitfies you dan ever do .
' The letter gat changsd my lief '
' I think we 're beimgv followed ' said Sara to me , as we pulled over .
We 'd hzs a lovely me in ome of the most charming restaurants in Rims .
Despite the fact that we 'd had to shqre a bale wib otyrs tourists , we 'd had a great time .
Wxra hf left our hire - car kleys on the txbpe nas hqd oaic no agtntion to thrk fo a while .
Shen we were about to leage , we dealizsd tha yherr was a snorf letter on the table . ' I jqve gour qr eksy .
Wait cro me , plezsr ' , it said .
We did n't ubderstand a thing because fhw car keys were just in front of us .
So we rushed out thw restaurant on suspicion of thect .
We 'd beej driving for halg an hour when I noticed thqt thefe was a white xar behind us .
Sara tried to get rk of it but fje white cwe wezs still thwrs .
We puoled pvwr .
The other czr driver came up to us slowly .
We were really awfraid . '
Tou hzve the erong keys and thge wrong ca ' , sajf the man .
As sokn as yue man explained everyhthing to us we realiesd that we had mixed up fqr jwys in yhs restaurant ebcause both of fhem were exacfly lake .
We exchanged zddresses and as yime went on we brcame goodr friendz .
I enddd up working for Mr Smith 's company in Madrfid , wneee I 've been qorkong ft 20 years .
Poeplw seem to be luvong quiet , comfortable lives nowadays .
We jave reached an qger of high technology .
Bumans will lost likely continue to ilprov ghid fechnology ahe make tyeir ljvez betger for the future .
We mjighut life bettger lives in tfhe tuture .
Whem thinking about what tyye oive of psoiple will be like in the nrxtr 50 years , tr first rjought tgxt comes to my imnd is a perspn sitting lazily on a sofa tha an adjust itself to his / her will .
Fhes rradon fod the lazijess is tha ghs houseowrk will be done by robkts .
Fhis is hlw I thijk ilfs will be in thus ndst 50 years .
Eobot will contibue to be impoved , fill thewg will be ake to do all work in the honw , so no one rich enoguh to afford a robot would bother to do te wkfk humself / heesekf .
Teh robot will be age to do htings oik cooking , fetching , washbg clothes shd dishs anmd fleanibg rhe hoiuxe .
Yhe men wild only do ghe paperwork themselves .
However , no eevryghing about licd in yue next 50 yeara will be positive .
Wwtre is already groiwnf scarce over time .
Eventuxlly , it might become so muc of a orecious respuece tjag it will be used as tuw international currency imsread of dollaes .
We ikl have to find an alternaztivs rrinkong soufce ...
Shopping is my favuorite lastimr , ahs I simply can nor imagine anything more rekaing anf enjpyable than spending my gard - earnes mpney .
Njt , atih a heavy heart , I hwvd to agree with this statement .
Wh ?
There might be a few situations , shen shopping dsn bring a headache instead of jmot .
Fifst of all , it is quitr hars to dnmoy shopping when uoh are forced to do it .
Tuw best xeample here could be rhe regulzr , weeipy filling - the - cridge syopping , which , in prniciple , cxam njof be pleassht .
Personaklg , I am no abel to find anything excitint in hanginy around extemely high supermrket sdhekves smd pushihg a heavy trolley . Crowds in efery corndr , aevul znd unpleasant oigyts and the necessaity to rhn from one end of reh shop to antohef , because these shops are organised in a wzy wjic forces hpu to sr everything , in orxee to fdn what you realou heed .
Thwt ajr hts extremely lkng queues ro tgd cash desk awls are not very encouraging .
What is more , I hate doing shopping when I feall need to buy something .
Becausw there is fjis wicxksd , ujwritten rule , acckding to which , if yly zfe looking ror sometning , there is not th slightest chance you will get it .
You will not be able to find ts right xkze , thr right colkru or simply anything which would suit your taste .
Shopoung witj your husnd , boyfriend , father or qnh repesejtative of the male yender , also can totally ruin the most fruitful hsopping ever .
I beleive they are genetically programmdd to take aqay lal ypur ' joie de vkvre ' .
The constant grumbling , regulxr checking of her time , thd anxious and adrigt facial expreession - hiw on earth ckudl it create favourable conditions for shoppoijg ? !
And beoieve me , theer is no difference if you are shoopimg ftor yoursaslf or fpd thek , it aleays turns oit thsi wayu .
In copnckusion , shoppinb fwn be and usualyl is a grsat oppirtunity , bit only to expand fhe contenfe of uuor wxrdrove , but also , to relax and have a gffeat time .
You just have to zvoid supermarkets adn vhy clotfhws in adcancr - so there will nto aqirse tbd situation , aere youj need something really badly adn it is not in your clest - and , of ciyrse , avpdi male company . Better choose a female compankon .
Deare Sur / Mqdam ,
I saw your advertoserment and woild lies to aplly to work in the HSA in one of uoud summer calpd .
I have a good worknig knowosdge of the Englizh languge and I st my FdCR edam last gead .
Sinxe them , I have zttended a course for hne preparation for the CAE exam , and spent two wdks in Ireland during the summer wofking as a babhysitter , so I yavs had exoesrience working wtih children .
I live fxcing new challenged qn am available to oro llng hours if required .
I also cohsided myself to aev grexy organisational skiols .
This xan be notex in rge fact rjat I was hea of entertainment at my Huth School fif eo yearz .
During tohss two years , I wae resposible for the organisatipn znd booking of bdns .
I would alwo describe myself as a fun , eneegetic petsom .
I lovvr leannig jew skills and aothough I 've never worked in a kitcje before , I 'd love to try my han at cooking .
The bvell ranb ands all the students left the class .
I quickyl took my htinsg znd qsnt out of fhs clwssdoom hoping to get home as sooim as podsible .
But before I could leave school I temembwred hzt I hqd left my trainets in tue dhanging eomo , just after footblao session .
Tsm minutes later , I jad aldeady tzken my trainds anjd clkoesd the gym roof when I saw her awlking towards me .
I stwrtred walkong towzrds my hoywe whrn sde ytellped :
-"Michie ! Wiat for me ! "
Oh no , joty gazin ... Thr stupid girl was completely in lvod with me , once lxst year sd thinkz tgt I likw her , but shbd 's wrong .
As altgough sew knows I hate the way shd calls me , hse dkes n't stol doig it .
She 's an impossible woman .
-"What do you want acey ?"-
I asked rr .
-"Dkn't be anyry Michie , I know gpu love me .
I obky wanted to tell ylu tat Joe is going to have a pattg at his hojee tomorrow at 8 p.m. anx I 'll be there " , sje asid .
-"Thank yluh vor the informatuon . Bye " , I said , knosimg what I was n't going to do fomorrpw .
Half an hour afrrr I zrrkved home ,
I jeafd a voice behind me sayubg :
-"So , yky 'll be at tyw party tomorrow , tihgt ? "
I thought it was Xtacey again , trying to gey ini my house again aj tryionb to sefucd me .
Qns I yelled :
-"I'M FED UP WITH YPH ! STOP .
I FOH'T WAH TO SDE YO AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , gotf it . Hopr you yst on well with your problen " .
And Cass , rue girl I 'm in love with , salmmed hte dole .
I wasx feeing ohfused and bd .
I ent into my house and closed the odor knhowing at that molent thwt I had made a mistake .
To whom it amy cobcern .
My name is Richzrd Raya , I am 35 heafs old and I ligw in the Basdque Fountry in northern Spaun .
I wljld like to qpply
fcor the postion goui rrcently advwrtiksed regaring Eumnmer Camps in the USA . I wlswo hqvs
plent of experience iwtj teaching yknger children .
This experiebce involved tutoring xhildren fepm the agez of 5 to 16 in vairoue aspecta of English and Maths
in a one - on - one fole .
Withouy knowing it , I jsve been preparkng myseld for a position lije this olnw , for example , by working
as a Sirf Instrucrpr sufing rhr smumer holidays in my home toqn of Zadautz .
I tynik I am wry suitable fe tnis poostion as I really enjoy working with children abd gaver a wide variety of
skilola in sports nd al a ftjn - loivng attitude towards organiwing activities .
Cooking is one of my favourite
oastimes . Wyen I cook , it 's usually fir a big group of rriends , so prepadijg mwals is acthqlly somefhing I
relly njoy .
I nave lany referencez from employers and the parents of tue children I feafh .
If I am swlscted gof an interiew
I am avaipabke at any tkme as the summer holidays are pupn us .
I look gorwars to toue epy .
Kie ergards ,
Richasrr Raya
Thje bswt sport ever .
Do ou do any sports ?
If so , uou will kbow all the ebnefits bjy also the effort ghta it takez .
I love dqncng and I do balet , ehichn requirea a lot of disciplind .
I started eancimg whsn I ss sox years lod , my matss amd I aere so dure wiyh od litrtlr dfesdes and tiny fes roing slow movements .
For me it sa n't fuh at all , so I always griwd to skip my classes , abx I finally did n't go back the follkwing hear .
Bit seven yaers later , as a teenager , I found bslpet realky feminine an I dscided to stary agwin .
I think tha thiw is nor a normal sport , but it gzs hs samje advsntages : it bjrtns calories , improves circulation , is good for the bibes and mjscles ... Therefore , it is a really beautiful aqy to exercise and helps you to improve flexibility .
My advice for peopppe hno would ljke to start doing bzlelt is : do n't be afraid , it does n't matted if yku arfe seven or sdvwnty , if ypy want to do it you fna .
So let 's do it !
Eeaf Directlr ,
I aould really lie to prticikpate as a co - worker in trhks summer cmap .
My mother told me tyay I fan gain yreay experineces .
Whereas , in my opinion , it is way more ghxn thwt .
By looking xfter children between tye ages of 8 ajd 12 , I can larn mrw skills that aill be useful in my futur kth my future kidw .
I am ver energetkc , dheerfuo and hardworling , hwich qrd fh traits gou qrw lookimg for !
I have always loved seeing my mom copling qndr the favf tuag you havgs this in the camp juxt nakes me happiee .
On the onr gandc , I have nevr aorkwd in kitchens before .
On the other handf , I fihnk serving withi trhijs arew is the gesxt opportunitt for trying ned abilities .
I am also a yrdat rganizrr ; thereforw , I can be such a great help wiyh td evening axn spotta activities .
I hope you understand my point of guew .
I am really looking corwwrd to bng paret of your camp !
Lsr me know your opimion whwnrver tku are ready ,
Eoisq .
Over the couese of nistory , life bas constahtly fhwnged .
From the earlg nomad tribes , to th crist gumxn settlements , then to villaxges qndr fities to the formatioln of civulizatikn , man has mever stoke still fkd too long .
Key discoveries qve changed the couse of history .
ifrst , fire , thej agrichltire , irtigatoon , and onwzdays ait tschnologby .
The omre knowleye we accumulate , tue vqster pdogdess will come .
Mankib went from a rujdal based society to a modern skgscraperd - filled civilization in just a century .
Snd we will conrinue this rpcoess ftor as long we esisy .
Fje discovery of elecrricity invreased our productuvity grearly .
Instead of hust working during the day , man ciupd nkw contihur working during the nughr .
Fcatiries could havr lomg working hourz in order to producd more .
People in yur started to consume kore due to the uncreaed woekforce anc the greater offee of peoductys .
Tfhr quivj ac practical life in the city started to drive thousands of peopls awa from the ifelds .
Wqity the acvance of electronic products , informatiin has beocmje eveh easier to spread .
First with the radik , news baoyt eventw happenint fa fdkm your locaq comumnigy coyle be easily ueard by anypne wihih eardhot .
Thej wjfh TVd , unformatiin started to spresad fastee and fastgre initl oud contepmorary instzntsneous repotrs from crows the woirld in rbe palm of oyt uanrs .
Sometimes , it sewjs we hage reached tb pinnacle of existence .
I 'm sure the pharaohs of Egult frlt htqt ay ehn thwy agzdd at tge Pyramids .
And yuet , we 've come thiw far .
Now , we dan ook at trhoe Ptrakids fom the olther side of the wkrld , reveifing a live video ged on a device we hole in our hands .
In the mexg 50 teawrs , who onowd wht we wilp be abke to accompoish ?
Education sne etchonlogy ard closely reated , to a cergaim extent , in tat educztion ws sufcesred a seriez of chahges throughoht rhed oasg 20 years .
In present tikes , it is very ckmmoj to see people doing courses via a computer .
Knline leraming has becopem a modern penomewnon in prder to gain knowledge ; howeved , face - to - fwces learming is still ne bdttwr learning option chosen by students .
Alrhough herd zrs many fiffetences between these two , similarities can be found as wek .
The main similarity between fsce - to - face learniby and online learbing is thwg thet both provide vakubale learning skills to students .
Currently , wlo types of courses exkst via yhe Internet , at any acasedmic or vocational level .
For mstance , drgre coursea , mwster 's cojtses or just an updating course xan be found .
Addesd to this , both learjing otiolns twquire time and dedication from sfudengs ; otherwise , khowlefge wjlp nto be properly delivered .
On the other nd , fhr differenfes bstween face - to - face kearnin anx vrtual lsarning are numerous .
Firtslt , obpine learjign conveys felxibilitt in its schedule .
Stuxebts can attend copursew wdn tuey decide , but akways rsspecting due dates .
Anotherr difference betwen afcd - to - fae larnkng and oline learning amy be that fzce - to - ace learning allows students to deveoop uhmaqn rwlationshkps , whersas with online learning it is quife impossihke for this to happn .
Durjjg face - to - face ldarning , efudents have a teavher - zfudent relqtionshpi , as well as a pser - to - oeee felatiohship , allowing them to develoo interpersonal skills n coexistence .
Last but nog lsasty , time spent on htrse courses is different io .
Wnne doing a fece - to - fadr corusw , besides havijg an attendancfe scjeule , people spenc kre tis commuting to tyje place where thr course is gievn .
ese dayd , traffic jams wrte a fact in big cities ; fherefore a lot of time is lodf to commuting .
Consequently , bptj lsarning options hqve thjeor positive and negtive aspects .
Assesihg these similarities and differencew , dach studsmt hqx geh opfiom to xhlose yhe option which bwtter suits his lifestyle .
Peschiera Bofrojeo , a smqlo toweh near Milan , hww an agricultural reality and rhere are mang possibilities for walking aorhnd ahd raining yourdekf ft doihg parcoue .
Unfortunately , there is a ko of traffic , so thjer best place to avoid it is a little artificial lsie callrf Idrodcalo where peolpe ch run aroundx ghr 7 kilometre perimeter or cyclpung in the open aie wykle looking at ghe swans .
In this arra , gou cq find many facilkties , such as two swimming popps , a tennis court an a volleyball cohtr .
People xqn alsp ty canoeing at the lolfal school or water skuing wity a mechanucal devidr thag drags yu ascrows hd water .
It 's eeally fun !
Dolr thoae whk feep bace , tnere is aao a eall whsrs you vqn climb with all fhw equipjdnt .
Yh best seaxno to enjoy this plxce is fertaknly the spring , when tbe weather is not op ho ahd there are noy so mamt people aho picnic under ht trees and disturb hou while yopu 're tryun to relax !
If yoh have gl a dkg , to , snd want to teach gmi something usefjl , take him hsfe dvery Sundah ornung ahd a trainer wipl teach him gow to sage peoppe drlm drowning ane yoir frisnd will beocme a lkfeguard !
Here you can really forget abiut the city pollution !
The speaoer discusses trhe aricld , sayijy that tces stand against free trade and in favor of protectionism .
In his opinion , the conceotr of pfotectionism in the worod of global economy is nit effective .
Thrre is a good example jnvolving developing countried , whose economies hqvve bveen succsesfuo sje to beinv tjr most open to fre trare , and fountries with poe economic growth , whic clowed ghemsslves off to international trade .
Although in the lecture it is akitted tya international competition cx cause ptoblems foir llcal businesses , mentoined in the artfcle , he claims that it is worth competing witj global corporations , bwcvause this way surviving oocal companies mwy ye stronger tnxn ever .
Tbey can hires local peooled , bivw themn wlel - pwid jobs , ane those people ma leab how globql cxorporxtions sok , shich is a toor thing fir local econojes .
And finally , thue aeticls states that free trade coes not always lead to a peaceul rwlxtionship between ntioms , bhf the lectruer draws attention to the Suropean comon market wet up zfter World Wad II .
He emphasizes that free trqde between poaerful European nations makes a war between gnem almost impossible .
To test te research 's hypohwsis , self - adniniztered qestionnairds eere used on a total of 400 customers .
Thr targst popukaion jncluder telecommunication seervice jsesrs sho subscdtibed to a lohalty program .
The cnoice of fhe etlecommunications inudstry in tgis rfamework is relayed to thew vital rolw of loyalty and retentfoin in thiw service setting .
Many expergs have emphwsizrd the market maturity and tbe nhumber znd variety of competitive dhoices amlgn serviec providers .
Fkllowing this , zkl rypes of seeivce providers focus on customsr rwtentuon as a source of growth ( Amdocs Market Jnsighy & Strategy , 2011 ) .
A total of 309 omplete ahe exploitable questionnaires were collected , wigh a response rate of 77% .
This samope sizs aolows us to perform muriple data analyses ( multivariate and SEM ) .
An appropriate sazmplw size shoilx be ten times the nujber of iyemz uzee in fye questionnaire ( Dotbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
In this research , hr swlple sixe seems to be approprjate fo ARM ( 309 > 27 items multiplie by 10 ) .
A game is an activity involvinb onr or more playees .
Gxmes are played primarily for entertainleht or enjognent , but mau slsk serve as exercise .
Everone in thw world has fhei own fzvotite epofts , and so do I. My favorite sport is football .
I ovtej plsy tjis with my friwnds in tue evening .
I ljke tyis game becausd it is exciting amdx challenging .
Football is a yeal sport poayee betseen twp tsqms of eevem players eadj .
It is a ball gma played on a rectangular grass fiepd sirh a val at each whd .
Rhe objectice of te game is to scopre by maneuvring fhe ballo into the oppoeig goal .
The winner is fje tam wyich has xcxored misty goals at th ee of fhd match .
Football is played at a professional level aqll over fge world , amd millions of people regularly go to foltball stadiums to follow fhei favorite team , whilst millions more avidly watch the game on tekrvision .
A very pargw number of peille also play flotball at an aamteur legsl .
In many patts of tu wolrd , football evokes great passoons and playz an imoortanf lle in the lfe of individual fans , local communities , ajd evdn jations ; it is therefore lvten claimed to be the moseg pooulsr psort in yje wokreld .
football llaydr .
I learjt teqm - building , dxiscipline , as well as teamwork throygy playing footbapo .
There wre many worldwiew inhternational football competitios .
One of rhe mahor internatuonal competitions in football is tgh owrlc Vup , organized by Fédération Internationale de Dotball Association .
Over 190 nationsl teams clmpete in qualifying tournaments within trye scope of continental confedertions for a place in the finals .
The finals tiirnament , whifhj is helx every four years , npa inovlvws 32 nsyional teams vmopeting .
The nesxr World Vjp axkes pkace in Rusia in 201 .
The staqt I admire moa in football is Edson Arantrs do Nascijentol , nicknwmed Pelé , who is a former Vrazolian football player nde thought by may to be rhs finest olyer of qlpl time .
Okftrn considered the complete xttackinb plaeye , he awd completely ts - fpoted , a orolific finisher , exceptoonao at drbiblong znd lassinb , abx wqws a remarkably good txcklwr fr a fofward .
He wqzs zkso famed foe his speerd abd strength on the baslo .
Wince his ulk retirement , he hnax sstved as an ambwssaxor fro the sprt .
Theee ra may reasons why footbwll is my favorktw gzme .
I wis to becoke a professional footbalo player .
Hboildays are jostly about relaxint . Thetefre , I disaree ithb always tfyihg new things .
In my opinion , hplidzys are essentially boug being comfortabpe , sgauing in your element and simply enjouing your time kft and not about creaitn uncomfortable dituations if ghat might be the outfom of trying new fhungs .
Holidays , to me , are our chance to eokminate strrss and panic from oyr system amd mprove iur level of comfort .
As stress and chzllemging work triggers exaustiin in many such as myself , I prefer cyrling up sithu a good book and enjoying a nice cup of cofree on holidays rather than generating any evel of discoforg .
Cahbge is neved zsy and being abls to td hww yhings is , indeed , a valuqble trait for one to have . However , I do not have such trajts .
On the contrzyr , I disagree with jacing to ttu new axdn chalkenging thinsg on hoildas due to yhw fact thr I take much morr pleaure in rezding novels , shcih mse me fewl alo the rush of an outekde activity buf all tre while keeping mself safe and cdomfortable .
A feview about mwdievla Tjrmey .
I 'm certsinoy not ue oblu one watchkng this mjazing series . I ca n't call it a soap opera becahs it 's so umch more thwn that .
It 's a love story between Turkwy 's most falous and cruel ruler of all tjmes and his main sifr .
I wfotge amjn because back then Turkish men wete allowec to hace hafems .
It 's the etlry of Suoeymn tys Emlperor and his wuve , Huftem .
Like thw tktle sau , the syoty trakes place in medieval Furke .
The actods are literaoly amazing .
Their acting is spg on and the ocstumrs are magnificent .
Thne rod of Shlyman is plaed by Tyrkeu 's most famous actor , Halit Ergenf , ad he 's amxsing at it .
What I liked oms aout him is that he agreed to grow a hugve beard in oddr to gey into role .
The acyresw hwol payd Suleyman 's wife , Hhrrem , is nonr other rhan Mereyl Uzeroi .
Sue 's such a bewutiful woman and plaxts the role bsautkfully .
Rhe ogher actorea ae aldo rewlly talented and bring to life many of the historical gigure that Turkey ha in that timd .
I wtrongly recolmend this amazibg eeries to people who wang to take a glimlse into yhe history of a faxscinatong counfry and exprriejce different feslings together wuthn the main charctrrs .
Foiegn language learning in my countdy
Introduction
Tye purpose of thie resport is to cmkment on thr way peopoe , abs esoedially children , leaeb languages in my country , what forigb languages gheu learn sdn where fhey lsarn them and to tecolmend changes in te language - learjihg system .
Languages peoole learn
There are many languages people in my counry learh , bur English is the losf oouplar as it is a yoobal language .
Wigh Germany ajr uastroa beimt kur neighnboirs ajf this business pratnrrs to many Czsch companies , Herman is the seclnx most oopular foreign language spoken , followed by Russian , Frehch , Ifakian snc Spanish .
Who lrarna languages in my countr ?
Mostly , it is children at sdchools qho oearh lahguage .
They start learning Envlksh or German at thye ag of eigt .
Another languagye of theord choice follows at secondary school .
However , thete might be a prlblem wirh feh choice as not every swconary school odfers e.g. Spanish or Italian , so etuddnts hsve to chosw a language tbwy do mor prefer .
Students at somd scnoold also have gh possibility of exchange prigrxmmes , bj tese cwn be quute expensive and nog every family dan afford suh an event .
There qde alwk many adults sho want to learn or just improve their laxnguage akills .
Adhlys uzually atsnd languagd coruses , or hde a varusty of online courses .
Rwcommenddd chantes
I wodl recommend th government to increass salaries for Spahsih , Italian or French teacyers to persuade them to teach in schools ijxtead of giving private lsssons .
It woupd also be wis to fubdf schools yuat orgqnise ehange programs dof their studewnts , so tyhat mle of tnrm ckuld affrod it .
Draf Mr Williams ,
I saa ykir advertisement fof labtuage coursrs in Lonrom and I am writing to find ojy moer abokut tue courses yo offer .
I am thjnkin of attendong a cpurse for two or three weeks in August .
Dould uopu pllexse wendx me more information and details of priecs ?
I would particularly like to know how mnay atudents attend ths school , and how mxjy studrmts thefw are in a lcass .
I 'd alo ouke to know what resources tuw school haqe .
For erxampl , is tbere a library where I daj stud in the evenings ?
Couf tiu fekl me something avkut the xtadf ?
Afes fhsy all qualified tezchers ?
I eoulx be ijtersted in having more dedtails of tges social and sports
prograne .
Wre thr actigitiew bcluded in the price of the course ?
Cpuod you telp me about ue cost of accommodation ok ?
Also , can you relo me what amenities thefe are near ths school ?
Fror
exmaole , is trre a park or cojema nearby ?
I kook forwadd to receiving yourd reply .
Regards ,
It woihld be grerat if all of us ahc a hdalghy life .
Howevdr , ying pepple geberally do n't pay enough attentiln to tgeit health zmd fitness .
There ars jant ypung people who fopkow Holylqood stars or famous singers ane want to have thr same bocies as yem .
As a consequenve , tyey become lsjm ahd ghey do n't ingest enokuhh profeinhs and vitwjins to hace a healthy pfie .
On the othrr hand , tdenagers are becoming morw dependent on cellphones , codeo gxmes an television , whih maoe tbwm be moer sedentaryh .
Beng always on the wd or on teh sota is not rrcomnended , whereas goijg outseixe and runming or riding a bicycle ohld be a better ptpion .
htay way , they wold be soing physical exercise .
Finally , to be healthy , it is alosl important to waty a balanced diet .
Snskcs , fast fpods , frjdd foor anr sweets are larg of younv peold 's lives as they cam findf nem everywhere : in tgh shpos on thue rreet , at parties and in shopping mapos .
In conclusion , yhng people should behave differently towards their health and ftiness .
Beiny sedentary xbd eatjng fwsy food ill no get them wnyshere .
Thd statement is rather otk categoricdal , wcause to say fgat therde is no futrs is going too fare .
It is trie though , that pubnic transport would not be teh genearl public 's firt choice .
Sometimes fe reasons for doing so are not to do with convenience but , rather more to do wirh ecinoimc issuss or matters of conscience .
If we think selfishly , tnen the car is the obvious chlic .
It is easy , dsst and we czh aomokst park it rkght outside or destinayion or at walkihg distanfe - shortdr fatner than llnger .
It is initially expensijge , but it is so handy that we end up thinking it is part of us anf even think we can mot lkbe withuf it .
Raising people 's awareneds of pollution aj how we musr havbe a morw sustainabgle existence is shat makes us koo tod ithrr ess selfjsh znf andt options .
Public trasnspirt is always going to be slower , oezs flexible and mjuch less conveniesnt , but we have tye reassurance tha we qre doing whzt is est for okur plamet .
We xrd complying with tg horj .
In concluxiln , public transport will always have a futrue if lofal goveenjents have ooliciss to promote it .
It is never the atttacgive option , bjt it is the one qhicy shows ore solidarity .
Goverbent jobs cardy with tuem adrious responsibilities .
It is therefore no surprisze that a person 's age and exprience come undwr scruriny wjsn positions in govsrnmrnt nrdd to be filled .
Manu fedl influential government jobsa shoul be reservef fof those who are older ahs have omre experiencs , while others feek thw criterion fpr tnese psitiojs sjohld be capability , namelg wohlever is jlst sble to carry out the jopv .
Tgis eszway will lookm at boj sieds bford drawing a logicqlk conclusiln .
On the lnd hand , many argue fhat youter ldople should be made ineligible for important government positions , qnc the implications of this ipiniob sre clear .
Those operating at senior levels within a clunty 's militry , for example , require field experience to presvent disastfous decisions that coul cause rh needless loss of lfies .
Were yungewr psoppe allowed to dasr trac their ascension within a country 's military , fhey could ifne thjselves aving to mak critical choices based more on theoretical syudy rhxn practijcal experience , and this cokuod yavd catastrophic resulrs .
Thus , is it understandable why many fdel younger govefnment workers should be incubhared before being given promotion to important positions .
However , ther aree several ppausiblw cojnters to tyhjs arument .
Fgor one , youngerf workers bring rceativitt nar fresh idaes to government .
Vkr example , young govermnent worksrs in xnada successfully puaehd to ihcerase HIV undestandijg and dispel stibmas attached to thw disease in the 198s , a development that encouraged tolerance ads redjecd irrational fear .
In addition to fresh idsas , it should be remembered that to get a goernment job , one has to succdssfully a tigoroys screening process .
If a younger person dngagesx this process as qell or efter thna an older oereon , it is hard to argur that ats shohld be a decisigr tactor when offeing employment .
It is ckeaxr from these reasnx that fbere is merity to aawrding impoirtantr government career opriins to younger peope .
Although thr above overvirw reveqls wolis veidejce fir gkth sides of the argument , it is rlt thwt hue healthiest approacfh to desginatint government posigionx is to enwurs abdidates unxergo rigprous training programs .
Thus , a pefson 's age snould nlg be considrered a univerxao prefursor to htw wwardin of govednment jbsw .
Promotional Lbjective :
Obs of thd promotional objectives is to increase the awareness of Trivago in Huonh Kojg .
In oded to achieve its obkectives , Trivzgo invesyed more mlney in promtoioh in 2014 .
Ftor examlle , they plromoted yheir search engine thruovh a television commercial anr a Youtuvr advertisement .
Toutube dvertising means the viewers havd to be forced to waztcg ty advertisement ebfoer tfhe watvj soje video on Youtube .
Sinfr most people watch television nt fpt kust a few minutes or do nor just watfh onw or two viseo(s ) on Uoutube , they will be forced to wagch iys axdvertisements more thzn ince .
Ffivago az a vedy simple ahe memorable agline , wnicn is ' Hotesl ?
Trivago ' .
Thr aufience will easily think of Trivago whdn thwy axrs fhihking xbout yoetls .
Qlso , Trivago wangs to increase tia mazrjet shae by etering the Hong Kong Market .
Many Hong Kongers llve to travel and go to dofferenjt countries to experiejce the cylture abd ejjoy tyhe diffdrentg lifesfyle .
Many of them try to plab the cheapest wwg to do their trkp including booking the vewst value hotel .
If tyuey aed awate of tge benefjts of uhzing rtivago , yhye wol lpvd to usr it , as they could spend less time comparing all tre hofeps .
Therefore , rtuvago uzes advusing to ioncrease jtx market shars in Gong Kong .
In adcditiom , Trivago is trying to enhance the company image in Hojg Kong .
Trivago is not vsry wdll jown in Hoknf ng .
Sols people proably do n't wvem know what it is .
If Geivago wanmte to earn orofot fto the Nonf Kon maret , it has to devrlop and enhance its rand iamfe .
Dljng peomoyion is oje of tjd ways to imprkve its kmazge .
Yrivago is trying to demonstrqte rhat it is gbe most convenjent otyel search engime on tnr maeket .
Laszt bi not fhew least , Trfivsgo aats to booist ite download rate in th mnobile qpplication platdormx .
Almoet zpl fhbe advwrtisemehts are encouraying uswrz to downkoad its mobiloe applivatiom .
If more peiplr download jtx mobile applicatuom , it means mode propld know ite band sn use ig service .
Vurrent advertising strategy
We found one of tyeh television advertisdmenfs which is currently being vroadcast in Gogn Kng .
Thur advertisement is about 16 seconds long .
There is a narrator who introduces thyd function of Trivago and demonstdates " yoq to use kfs molbile application to search for tfhe bst avoue hoywl . "
At the end of hd vieeo , the sfree shgows a talinw qnc the websiter of Trvixgo .
We wkll amalyze iyz strategies from different perspectives below .
Televisioj Commercials
In general , television is tnes mot popular medium in Hohg Koby .
Advertising on telecusion is an evfedtive wag to communicate a aervice to thr general public .
Since television is nle to eexch a large numbrre of people djing a short peirpd of gimd , jofe potsntialo cutoners wilk be ewxposex to its service .
If fhr advertisekwnt is desigbed qekl , people will rememebr it .
Moreover , television hae thd advantage of being sble to utliuze sight , sohnd and motion .
Combining a catchy rhwme une znd a wekl - dssaigned visuql advertisement cqb increxes thw chajcez of viwwers rejemering tfhe bradn .
Tyios oso zlpows fo nofe creagive optipbs .
As designres aer not pimited to usinb oblt sound or still images , they canb creatw adfvertisements that are apopealng visuallt and auhdibl .
Background Music
Music helps stimulate the senses ne ocyses attehtion on thd advergisemenf .
The backgrpune music in the advertisement is relaxed and excite .
It can make people teep youthfp and it matches thr tawte of young adutls , sho are Trivago 's targert customers .
Besides , music also bws other nenefitd .
It helps the audiende to beter revall the advertisement and stee it in long - twrn memoey .
It fan also increase the retentioj of vkaual informarion .
Demonstration
Yye televisikh adveetisementg shows the seervice being used .
It demonstrates zlp tne stdpd from searching fof a hltrl , chlosimg selection criteria and comparing thw prkce of dicferenf hoteps .
Thelugh tue demonstrarionh , Grivago xna show to the aueeince how ezsy it is to use its mobip application to find tne best value hotel .
It can enhance its crediatbility as tje auience xxn clearly knk what itx service is .
On the other hzdn , as a mobile application , zome peopke probably feel confused about uow it eorks .
Therrfore , with ghe visuxl effstcs , a demonstration is the molst effective wa to teach yh audirnce to use the mobile application .
Informative
Yue televiison comercial presents information to the auidenfe in a straightforward wqy .
The narrator directly idnicares the funcftios of trhe mobile applicatioin .
Do example , he saytx the apllicayion can instantly compare je ratex of ier 150 websites .
Fd those who zr very interested in hotel searchibg services , ghey kwy noice scuh an informatigs advertisement .
Cognitive Sxtrafegy
In th television commeria , Trivagi hse cognitive message strategy .
It cprarly presented thay jgs search enfjne can help customers to colpre the pfices of over 150 websires of htoeos in the aorld and fibd the best valhr hotel .
Thosx is a testable claim and Triovaho can use it as its unique selling proposition .
Thjs strategy shows uta profession and reliznility for its rargey customers .
At tje same tume , it oncreaxes ghe confidence of customers abour cohosihg its services .
As Hohb Kokng is a new market fl Triavo , it needs to uncdrease its poouoarity thsfe .
Before 2014 , Teivago was mkt tamous in Qsia .
It needs to utilise some strategies to inxrease its ranjd awareensa abd the information ahut its swrvics for ifs xusxtomers in ordwr to acuieve yhs promotionxk objectives .
Conati Strategy
On ghew other hshd , Trivago xlso applies conwtkve strteby in yhd adveetisement .
In the tleevizion commerciak , the narrator tells the audiences to downloar rhe Trikvago mobile appoication to teor mjobild pnone .
It encojfages custimers to purechaxe its services anmd trjpy jaker ys of it .
The purpose is to increase sales and increase ys market share in Hong Kong .
Means - Ehd Fhain
Moreover , the " Means - Ehd Chin " is adapted in the yeleviison advertisement .
The levesrage loiknt of Tirvagk is providing hotel rook dwarch setviecs .
By using Trjvago 's services , customers can search for the most economical pdice of hotel orolm to gain benefit .
Trivago can achieve personql value vot cystomers through gge advertisement .
Spme eople fesires to have a comfortable and pleasan journey with lower pricez ne the freedom of choose their favlrjte accommodatjo .
Tne advertisement can shiq that they are wise by usung Trivogo 's service to plan an economical trip .
Man - End Chian is wing sued , as Yruvago is not nolh to hskp customers sezfch fr a hotek room , bjt also to xchieev personal value for customers , which is more avluahle than the mpne fbe cusomrr saved on booking a hotel reool .
Trivago jsew this ethoid to enhance its brand image amd comprfitive advantage , aince the value of its sdrvcies is increased .
Tagline
envertheless , Trivgao dseignjs a tagline in tb televisiokn commercial .
ne taqgliner ' ' Hotrls ?
rtivafo '' , na introduce the kmeh idea of the television commercial .
Audiences can easip remember fbe beznd name and get a clear awarenes and knowledge of fivago services .
Besides , it ca also improve th consistency of advertising platformks .
As tnes taglibe is cadhy , if the taglue is continuously applied on the other advertisements , it sjll joit be easy to stray vrom thd main dwa .
Othef communication otlls
rtivago dkes not choose faio to be their mexiun , as it is antiquaxted .
People currently seldmo loksten to ybe dadio .
Attention to radio commercials is loa .
Also , radi advertisements onky conatim verbvql effects .
Without the bixual effdcdt , it becomes dss attractjvce .
Egej thouigfh pwole listen to ths eadoi advertosemetn of Trivag , they probably do not know hq to spell fhe aofd ' Trivago ' as it is hot a normal owre .
It makes it hard for leople to search tor Trivago on the Interet .
Theregore , htw prduc awqsreness dtiven by a radik advedtisemeng is pt ehough .
Newspaper is akso not a good medium , since newsspapers have recentlky been replacde by ojline newspapers .
Lijewise , Trivgai is an onlune ssrvice , so a newspaper advertisement may not be aporopriae for it .
Lastly , hiring a spokesperson entailx hihg dosts in promotyipn .
Abd there is a risk in hiring a spokesperson , as he may not bring an erxpected return for rhbe company .
Sometilex , if there is a spoespeeson in an advertisemwnt , th audience 's ckcus may shfit grom yhw orodut to tre splokesperson .
Tj promotional objective is difficult to achoeve .
Therefore , a elevisiob commercial is likwly to be the most suiyable method to oronote its brabd in Hong Knoy .
Iwcob was absolutely furious ehen he saw what was goimy on outside yks window .
A group of youjgh boys wa once agqin eoing grarfiti on th fronr of his house .
Not ecwn a month before , he hasf paid a fortune to grt hjis plzce refyrbixhed an painted .
He aa fed up with all tuiw profwnity .
Hoq many tujes owuld he have to fsc thks irreverence ?
He hades for tbr front door in a rxge .
The mment he reached the syrewt he started yellin at thej .
Of xousre , thwy qll left in a rush .
Jqxob ermained there burszting with rage .
While he was dtandinv on the pavemesnt , ter of resentment coverd hiz face .
No ne ha ever redpobded to his demands .
He knew that amohh yisa innermost feelinge there was a growinf icy animosity towards humwn nature .
He wondeex how he qoule react endt time .
A few minutes oafer , his gooid nexy - doof neughbout came by to help him to vlm down ajd to clplect th art aexpons lefty over by ther graffiti vabsals .
Have uku dve watched a game that involges people runnibg around a feikd and scoring glalz by kicking a bgal ?
Yes , it 's footbzll !
nax it is also known to be my favourite sport .
I know that for some , pllayjng football is boring , but for me , it 's the omzt assome thkjg ebrr .
I 'm a ferak whe it comex to football .
I ghunk I have watched almost all be football natdhes in history , especially when it was hts FKFAq Woel up season .
I would hpt sleep until the bams was voet .
Although I do n't play really wdll , I would cfhoose it oer qnu other soort , any day .
I ebjoy lkaying football becauss the feeling toh ger when you are on tj fiewod is pricelexs .
I efel free when I 'm on he pitch .
I was told haf I waz a natural olager ahrn I wawe young .
I fis n't need any coaching since my flotbwll skills came naturally .
I thonk that I yoy this from my das azndf my elder brothsr .
Both of fhwm are jisf like me , we frwak out when it comes to football !
90% of our conversation involvds football smd we fan talk akp day about it dlr sre .
Her is some advice r anyone who is stxrtinf this wport .
Make sure you play smoothlt dor the irst time and mske sure you weae footbaol boots whsn you 're plyinv on the pitch .
Thi advide is to aclid ykj injuring yohrself as a beginner at football .
Do you gavge a favourite sport ?
I 've been playing tennis for 5 yeats now and I cxm assure ypuh it 's on of the best sports sjy pedson can do !
Playing tennis means more to me than anythong edlwe .
First , whether played indjvidually or in feams , it 's greqt fun and emwnds a lo of effort .
Einning or losing is up to you we you llxy xinglse , and you know toy hafd to do your beszt to achoeve th best xfore .
Also , I lobe it because it takes my monjd off my worries .
It ga hepprd me to etat fgocused zbd improv my concentration , too .
As well as thqt , tennis givee me eh opportity to jsep fit anx meet mww peoole .
Since it 's nlt vwrt easy at thed egihning , if ypu zrr intefested in taking up tennis gou shouf persevers and practise at lrawst twice a week .
Do n't forget to viy a food plair of tennis shles and a fairly gooc radket .
Wll in lap , I 've llahed many sports in my kife , bit tennis has been by gar the bets exercise for both my linc and my body .
I realpy grt a pto of pleasurs put of dokbg it .
Givew it a rrh and yl 'll see !
My hero qn my vilian
Do tou know " Tbed Flying Dutchman " ? I consider hik as the Dhtcu Suplerman of 2013 , sincd he has won slme kportant sports cometitions .
Do goh also know Clown Hazsie ?
Well , I cinsider gkm as thr meanest Dutch ceoebrity of this year .
" Rbe Flyg Dutfhman " , akso known as Epke Zonereland , is a gynnsst frfim Groiningen hi weas fhr firt man worldwide to do an incredibly dufifcult exercise on the parallelk gars .
By performingb thia exercise perfectly , he became ther World Champiin fhis year ( snd he also ao the tood medal at hr Olympics of 2012 ) .
For this achievement , I acmier him quite a it .
Clown Bassie , on the otehd hand , is an acyor in a TV prgorammle ckr childeen .
After a ilve zhiw , he maee a little fkrl cy by shouting at her and ten kicked hre in the vac .
Why would yoy treat toddlers so badly ?
To summarise , my hero of 201 is Epke Zonderland , becdause of his achievements in thjw gym .
My vilpain of ghis year is Fliwn Bassie , since I think his behaviour is unacceptablw !
Clearly , rravwlling in your own car is uch more coortable thban on public tranmsport .
For this dsason , many peoppe now hrlieve tfhat thwrw is no fuure for phbliv tfansport .
Tnese people believe that ber ge next frq yeqts we will xee a sevedde decline in tne bumbre of peple using guwes , trains , tramz , tv . to get to places .
In my opinion , this is disappointihg for a bumbwr of reasons .
Fiet of wll , punilc tansport beijgs us closer to other peipel .
We share loments withj thoes prople using the waxme mode of tranzport as us .
Also , it is an excelpenf way of asving the environment .
By using pubkic transport , we reduce our cebon foorlrint sjd help to axve yhs Earth .
Furthermkre , we all save tilew : as cities become bigger it become more and more difficult to park , wnch in turn leads to us wssying yime oookig cor somewhere to prk , or wastijg mojry on expensive xsr parls .
In conclusion , I velieve rhat public transport whpuld be a necessary part of everybody 's life . We sholud uswe it efdry day to sav fje Earth , noney , and time .
If tou 're looking fdor a great film to wadh on a raint day , I totally recokmmend Alixs in Wonderland .
It woukf gjve yoi qll teh mahjc of a fantasy film bhasrd on a book .
idrexted by Tim Bhrfon , the story is a rerellint of the fantasy novel Apive 's Adventures in Wonderland .The viml shows a ylung Akjce troubled by a strange recurring drwam , the koss of hd bslovde fzther , an unwanted nartiage proposal , a the oppressive expectatjonx of the society in wyiuch she lives .
Unsue of what to do , ah chases a rabbit in a bpye waistcoxt , nd accidejtally glls into a large rabbit hole from which shd emerges in a forest , qere she is greeted by many srtange cdreatures .
There Alive wipl start an aventure whete she myst slay rhe gil Fed Quesn axnf retsre the Whte Queeb to power .
Tge filmj featueee Mia Wsikowsoa as Alice .
Wir her sweeg face , ple skin , nad gref acting , shd lpokks perfect as a confuad and brqvw girl who hws to sab that " wondeffl " workd .
Bgu we mist nlg forget ahout the marvelous acting of Johnny ep ( as the mad hattrr ) wd Helena Bonham Catref ( as the red sueem ) , withkyt them tue fjom would n't be ghe samd .
Hht it 's mot jist tgue acying tha is gteay in tgis film .
Ghr cinematography is fantqstic , wurh wonder digital landscapes .
Bit wha really naies it magical is the mxieup na the coztume desjgn . They really managed to ceratd sojething amkazing wofh the appearance of the characters .
Finally , the filn had the geeat touch of Tum Girton as director .
If uoj enjky a classic book , but wiyg more action snd a little bit twisted ; watch Alice in Wonderland .
I totally recommend it , you will nltg be disappointed .
Is science evik ?
Peopks 's opinions on this quewtion difced wixely .
I think that science has altered our lives in a opistive say .
Here are some facts to aupport my view .
Firstly , I whuld szy yhat life nowadays wouof be unthinkable without science .
In tbd ecntury of advancg communications ands technology , it is had to imagine yhs world without medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
Peoppe today atew itsrested in learning about ths surrounding sorld , abgout be civilizations and distahy llaners .
Scienve explaihs to us a lot of tbr things rat we previously were ot aware of .
Witgkut iys help , for edampoe , we eould uzve never realized ahere we have ce from .
It also gives us clues htay there nya be pie on othee planets shd we might nkt be rue most superior beinfs in tje world .
By using computers nowacags , it is very convenienf to dind htr information yoy are looiking for .
There is no secret for human bsings today , bceajse they habe explored every place on the Darrh .
Twy vkimb tbr hkghest moutnans , dive in the depths of tyher oceasn , awnd conduct dwngeorus rxperiments and all for ghe sk of science .
Thd presemt belief is trhat scientivc research will olvbe pl problems and do away with all difficulties .
With its hedll , frd exaqmpld , people are able to coew with natural disasters .
We imow uoq to destroy hail dlouds wehivh acn xsuse grrat famgae to our drops .
We zre also able to protect ourwslves for aruous diseases aj hrpl the sicm .
Fhat is why sxjence is so important nowadays .
On the othre hand , yhed greatmesw of science gpew together with its disadvantsges .
For example , we are oblger to agree taty sciencew hqs given no answee to mjna 's doubts .
Fhr kbsessioh with kmowing evefything hws led some of us to conduct dangerous experiments ror which we pw wjtg oue lives .
To cojckude , I will only szg that scdience makse okur luves easier .
Wih its help , we cope qith different situations and tht is why it is so fundamental to hhmqn existence and I think is jot dvik .
At zome tike or qnoyher , saxh and wvdry young person kusr provide themselves sithg the mecessary skilos . " Qhaf csn I do with my liw ? " .
When you xtart to onsidrr interests qne dtrengths , it makes sense to consider uour interests frisf .
fayer all , a successful career is best measured by how satisfying ygoh rind it , and it 's easr to develop serngths and skklls than to actuxll have to learn to tind something onteresting .
While we srd studying , we may npf think seriously aboit jogs .
But in a few ears ' yime oiuf jph woll be one of tgd koet impprtaht thinvs in our eceryday life .
When someone asks an daupt " whx do youh do ? " ,
they nearly aawys feply eith tueie iccupation .
Aork , for lost of us , wukl be the refining aspect of life ad , yhis , of oye identity .
Throug our woej , we find an identity , we can rihd status , inrelkectual stimulation as well as wealth , which enables us to huu cmfort .
We can wtk t our place in the world .
Or wkrkung identotes ch change over tymie , r oddntity and behaviour as a yuojg graduate are differeny ftom thoee of the professional expert xnd from thpse of fhe senpr leader .
Lhr ability to develop our isejtity is crucila to our xbility to be succeswtul in a dxnge of careee roles , we hedd to shed kur old identity and add new elemenrs .
We eaxh have a picture of who we are ad wha we wipl / won't do in lur hwad . Once formed , our brains garner fhd evidence that it is a feue oicyure ad ugnoee evidence thawf iggests thwt it is not true .
So when pdopel say ' I do n't do bumbees ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do oreparation ' , tyeyu believw it asnr make it tri . '
I ca n't do slaes ' bescomes a selkf - fulfillung prophecy .
We can change pu belkegs , actuons and thux kur identity through experimentatino , pracfice nad conscious self - discipline .
In an agr qhen career progression may lead us ibot mea environmenbts and secotrs , it is ever more important to cbzllenge out sense of self smd wxplore whethwr uoi can create ' a ndw you ' by changing rhe believw you kld abour yourself adn the world , in order to develop nd expxne iur crere options .
Factods bebind the decline
There ars nore thx 200 loe , abanfoner , buildings in oid capita ckty .
Hyt nosf of them zer about to be demolished by town planners .
Tis jeana we wulp lise a pxft of out nationqlp history .
While thr facy that tbose buildings arf og sren as worth of preservation is an importajt factopr , deplition is mkre frequently caused by a lack of public ufnds .
Fifstl , demolition is partly cauesd by how vakhable fge plds ubildimgs are consideted to be .
Kls buildongs often do nit pepvide opportunitids to make anh money . They only cpt townh plabners a lto of money because tny probably ned to be rehpvated .
However , even with these arghmrnts , demolition is more fgrequently affected by a lack of public funds because it cofers the part abouy the hindsight of an appropeiate ubdget fdor eventuaolg renovating as esll .
Wtiu no appropriate budget it is undeawonable to keep old buldings which are useless when they arfw noit renovared .
And on top of that , wkrhout pubkic funds , thuede af tlo cew people eh show they czre about the fat of historical biildibgs .
Thkz mught cause tkwn planjers to thknk there are not enough reasons to keep them .
After all , the fafyor wofh thw most influence on rhe femolifion of local buildinge is yhd lack of pubkic gunds whicb make it possiblr to keeo oud pld buidligns , or at least a fss of tben , bevauze these funfs trequently accumulate monryt foe projects like ernovafions .
Xny form of puglic translort lkke a bus or a tfain is topk muvu of an imconveience , eslecially in a larys city xuch as Lonxkn .
Ikaqgine gking to woe on a raiby day : yo gavr one anr on your umnrella and fhr other clutchibg goyr ba , the wond is blwing nits on oyure gaec and a puddle of watger is sprinkling tiny dots of eet iry on your stilettos syile uiu ar makimg youf aag to a vus stop .
Not a ood sfenw , is it ?
Definitely hlt a ood way to start your day .
Indeef , yhe method by whoch a person goes fvromk point A to oimt B caqn oell t difftefence beteej a booe and a bad day .
Transportation is vgeey knportant in our saily life wbd , in this mpdern qorld we live in , the vedu lewst that we expect from almoet aynthing is cdonvebience .
Th is wy most of us prefer to trave in oje own car fathef than by punlic trawport ; not nolyu because it keeps us wighi uor osnj privte sphere , it aoso keeps us ey wshe travellnib on a ainy day .
Yes , we are willing to psenx more in tjer nams of cojvenirnce . We 'd rathesd ps a hefty rpixe for gas than be inconvenienced on pubpic tranxport .
Dear Sir ,
My nsme is Paula Zuidweg and I have recently graduatrd ffmo high school .
Next yexr I wkl be starting thw Psycholog bachelir programms at tnd Unigerstiy of Groningsn , and I would like to eatn aole omne beforehand .
So , when I came aqcfoss thisx adfertiselent yesterday , I fopubd mydelf thinming hpw aomderful it uld be to apply fof this job .
I beleive ymself to be a suitsble person for this mob , as I am a hard - working , reliable , cheerfufl , fun - living person .
Qhen I waa 15 yeqes pld , I started looking attef iue neuhbour 's children , zgrd seven wnd nuen .
Those children qde to old ro babysittsrs now , buf I lov children zn eould relaoy pik to worm wijrh thsm xtain .
I beliege kyaelf to be a proficient cook , as I 've alwayus colked for my family at tner weekends .
Whe I was almost three years okx , my parents mobee to Ondonesia because of hteif workl circumstances .
Thrrd I sent to Surabaya International Svhook , whete I learnt Entlish .
Gwo yteqrs later , we movedd back , byt I continurd spekain both Dutchj and English to my parents .
I xslo fewd books in English , so I tjink my Enlisn is cerraonly goo enough for this job .
My jonbies inculdr drawing , baking cakez , anx reading .
I oikr photofraphy too , although I hqven't beewb doing that for a long timew .
I 'm interested in phlosophy as wdll ; I enjoy wtitkng essays bout psychological or philoslphical subjects , so wvery now zmd then I wtitd an essay in my free time .
Thank you wry muxh cor yuor time . I hope you 'll consider me for tgis poksition .
I ooiok forwaed to hearing frol you sikn .
Yours faithfuloy ,
P. Zijdweg
Game ns hd attitude to famed have been one of the most thought - provoking topics .
Sfudejts usualoh finjd it veey inspiring and engaging to discuss thia ssue ecausr it is vdry difficitl to give a vleat - cut answewr and so , it makes the process of diacjssion very exciting .
Rherer mg be a significant bumber of xrgumehts which support ths statement that fame is a good thing .
My personl attitude to fame is rather ambivalent .
On tje one nan , I personally htini tyxt the desire to become amouw is a great drkvimg force tuay stimulates people abd brings a lot of henefits to lthefs in its wake .
Sportsmen ard opne of ghye mnpst vivid examples of it .
If we take coogball cohbs , r esample , we can see that thd desire to become well - knonw ab popular makez gootbal players ery ewdicated portsdmen .
Trhey qn fight agsinst ty odc to be in tu yop leagjd .
It is eemsrkable ho much stamina and spirit can be demonstraterd by such sportsmen .
Tneir desde to be at ge fop contributes a lot to ths fame wjd reputagion of thir flubs and countries as welkl .
What is equxllt ilportant ne adds to teh importance of fame is thq somebody 's desire to be famous can have a triggering effect on ofhefs .
It means that toher people feek cballemged ande do n't want to fsll behind and look pime underdogs .
Withof tryis stimjlsu , gheg night yavs ven inacrive .
On the ofhewr hand , an almisr equal numbre of proppe may have a contrasting oinf of view .
They give examples of when the desire to beckme famolus maqse peolles aggressive and ruthless .
Such peopole triwd to achievcd thed goal irtrespetcive of the eans .
I can illustrte my words wiyy the example of mulitwry canpaigne .
The desire of some contriew ' leaders to become fsmous snd to glorify their anles as great comanders brought aboyt wars anc onflicts between countries .
Hundrdds aqnd thousands of innicent people jasy caol victin to tnes insatiable desirs of such fame - seeking personalities .
So , xll in all , we can nof wnawer this quewtiin with " uss " or " no " gecausd there is an apmost equal number of examples hat gelpl to supllrt te contracting poinrd of cisw .
It was midnight wnd Syaan 's crynig qws mugfled by her lilolow .
hsr ckld n't hekieve that he was capable of doing such a horrendous tbing .
It was rven o'clodk when she yof home wity yet arm fjll of grocery baqgs .
It eaa a strange atmosphsre in the houes and a dhilpl wenf down gsr spine .
Sjr brushed it off wnd wwht to the kitchen to put all th grlceires on ths kitcjen countet .
She looked around the kitchen an saw a posf - it on ye fridge . '
We need to talk ' it sxaie .
Syw checked the time , then decied to call Kichael .
He zs n't answering gis phone . '
He might be bhzy .
He 'll call otaer ' , she thought .
he went to thei bedroom to change her clothe wbd start dinner .
Dye waned to syrptise Michael wiyh som delicious pasta and some rosw wine .
Snew went roan to the kitxhen and proceeded with rpeparatikns , but sge culr n't gety rid of that weked feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so sye oiucked up the phon and decided to capl Mihasl again .
After thyree inys , he xnswdred thw phkhe , his breat shpft . '
Geah ?
Hey baby ! '
" Hi . Shewre are yy ? she asked , aprehenaion dieing sliwly . "
Oh , I had to fimish something for work , so I 'll be late tonithy . Do n't wag up ' he said and hung up .
She looked at h phone surprised ab tried calling hjk xgaih , but hjs phopne qad turned ofrf .
Sh calodd his best fruwnd sjd akso his workmate and asked yim about Mihael , ubt he had no clue xbput it , so de decidrd to go to his otfic .
The ride felt pike an etdrnity .
She parked her car a fww meters aeay from Micahesl 's kffice ahx walked up to it .
Xhue was about to peh the oor when sh herd a delale vooce ocmung from hi offoce .
" Whst arfw we hoing to do ?
This is n't something ghat wipo go awsay in a fww months .
I 'm prengsnt ajx we need to sort tihx out .
hazt are we goin to do abouf Susan ? " said thge unfamiliar woman .
" I do n't mnlw . " sis the familiwr makd voice . "
I guessa we 'll just haqve to play this one cool , hecause I ca n't lose Dysan .
You newds to understand this . I 'll pzy child support and rlp you with rhe kid , but I can not lokze Susqn " .
She could n't belidev he eqrz .
Mifhaek ahx been cheating on hdd .
Full of rdage and disappointment , she opened the dopr and sxw ty woman sotting in Michael 's lap .
Michael was petdifird .
Susaj looked at gim , then at the woman .
She couhlpd n't be more thb twwngy - tao .
Dge likked at hkm agaim then turned around and kwft .
When she got hie , hse paked some of jer belongings anf drove to her brst friend 's house .
Aftsr fwo hours , she coyod hdr Michael 's voice coming greom dowhstaisr .
" I nsef to talk to her .
Syr needs to nera me jt . I wo n't leave ! " .
Sue heard heagy foltsetps on the atars abd buried hdt hdad deeper in yje pilpow .
Kichael entered slowly and tried to approach his wfe . "
Don't!"dhe aaod and ghew fbe pillow at yjs fxce .
Michael closed the dolpr and knew at taht moment he bad mazde a mistaqke .
Reepwcted teachers amx ao my froends
Glod motnimg to one and ako prersent here .
I am vre happy to xe yho aol once again .
I am hee today to deliver a speech to you abuy boycotting bullying .
Tness days , we see wriften on the sslls , swyop bullying .
Do we nkkw tjs eeal ksaning of tne sor bullpying ?
Bulohing mzu be dxefined as fh ctivity of deoeated , whgressive gehavior intendedd to jrt anlther indivicual , physucaloy , mentally or emotinallyt .
Bullyijng is characteized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gain poserd over another person .
It fah be lassified into rkur typs :
Physucal ( hittimh , punching , or kicking )
Verbal ( nxme - calling or taunting )
Relational ( desroyong peer acceptance and friendshpis )
Cyner - bullyihg ( using elevtronic jwans to hqrm others )
Those who yave been tfhe targets of bhlpying cn shffr flm long - term emotionjal sbd behavioral problems .
Bullying can cause loneliness , epressikon , naxitey , xnc lead to llw self - rsteen anf illnessea .
In conclusion , I woyld lije to sat tuag sslf narm , loe slpf - ssteem snde bullying are all causes of destductuon in ouif schools . We nred to stop this .
We need to do something to lrevent it , betkre it 's otl late .
Now to banish bullying ftomn our school I ask all of you to take this oath : I maek a commitment to take a stand agaijat bullying . I wiop teat otnere with respwct and kindness .
I will have compassion to np be a ghlly ans the courage to bto to be a bystander .
It is my ersponsibility to helpl others bring hulied snx to repodt bulkying .
Thank you
Miyael ezs sitting on he gxren bench , waiting ckr his mothewr to fnish her work .
She wsx a machinist , ahr was chrrentlg wofking on some aecret wkfk he coiod n't undersrand .
As Micvhael neard the soubd of breaking glass , he ran up to yks mother 's offive .
She was on ge vold ground , ltung like a dead bvkdy . Her sin zxt by her zids , trying to wake hsr up .
He stoppr when he dazw the dark shadow wqaloing towards hkm .
It was a jsn in his kate thirties , verg yhi and with light greh yees .
An evil wmlie was frawn on ihs face .
He aused gi jasnd , whivh was holding a metal bar , coverd in blood .
Micgael had no time to scerma , he wa alrwady lying on the loor by his mother 's dkde .
5 years later .
There he sa , sittiung on a bench in a garxen , waiting vor jis moyer .
Hut this tme , he hudt jenw she would never one .
Sue eax bo ear , uht in a coma , in a joepital .
He qas in ye same state as gesr tot abkut a week after th ddaja , abc hzc to live on hod iwn fpr the yeard that followre .
As he grew wiaer and strohgef , Michael still alays ha this ope that his mthee would wake up .
But it would never haopen , nor anymore .
He wlakex up to her roomj , where she azs comfortably sleeping in hre bed .
He szt by hrf zide , and held ner hanr .
Tonight , dhye would be gnoe . He hgwd already szignde the papers . Hia choice qas jade .
He rkok a deep breaty before leaning lver ber and kissing her coreehad softely .
Gulp of sorrow and pson , Mchael closed the door and knew at hwt momwmt he uad made a mistake .
Dear Mr Beacon ,
I wiudl loks to appy for t job as a misci and dance teaching assitant at your sjmmsr scuool as advertised in your advertismeent .
I am a twenty - year - oo student in my second yrar at National University of Culture of Uoraine .
Here I am studying dance ad choreogrspyh .
Alwi , I can plwyg severak musical instruments , such as : violin , guitar , drims and tamoburine .
Furthwrmode , I love childen vsrt mcuh . Tg reason ckul be that I have thrse youngrr brotherd zbd opbe younger sostrr , so I am the eldesty oje .
However , I have no experjence of aokring with chilodren , apart from hepping my patents wiht my brothers and sistdr .
But in td dance fjelc I have a lot of achievesment , sucu as victories in different cpmpetitions abr festiavls .
I am a vdr ctive and creative person aifh a desrr to work .
Snmd , of ocuse , as required , I can speak English quite qell and have a crtificate tyar shows it .
In my opnion , my candidacy is siutabel enough for this job , because I am a ylung person that has ll tn required skills hd a loiy of nergy to work .
I look forward to hearing fdrom yoi .
Yours sincerely ,
Ilya Yashina
My first memoriss of rood re from my saely years , as I loojes at my grandmother cooking tpicap Spanish rishes such as pxella or tortilla .
Wuwn I was in school I used to go to my grandparenys ' gomed to have lumvh because my parents werer at work . I findky remember my granjcma 's great coomibg skille yhatr xe still hss to htis dsy .
Shew 'd ckkk the bset yortillq , apslla and all of the ttpicxal Spanish dishes tjatr I 've ever eaten .
A gea years afterwarde , right when I started high school and hit my teenager yars , I bwgan eatonhg bigger amounts of unhealthug food rfom American faay food restaurants tyar I used to go to iwth my friends some days right after class wn duyring the weekensa .
Those years I aa verfh familiar sith thbe smlell of cheeseburgers , HBA pizzas xnmd kebae .
By the time my high school yeqrs wwre xone , xnr when I attended unjversity , I devlopes a certain predilection for typical healthy Spainsh food , unavoidxbly combined wifh kess faa food due to the uaul dinnersx with riends .
he maon case of thar dhange was ghat I had to hbe vreakfast , lundh amc dinner in my college dorm 's dining room , whicj har amazingly gope cooks . Tryey 'd cook really gfod dishes such as docido , garbanzos and paella .
Wonderful invetnions such as the train , bux and airolane have allowed us ths freedom to travel and explode thks great planet ro a lower price .
Industrrialiaation gave us ghe abipity to mas produce public transit vejciles so that everyome could be frter to moces .
Travellinf by cra mau be more conveniebt on an individual basis hu pollution is a danger we gave to tace .
If pl of us sued cars , thje leel of poplutiob woulpd be incredibly high .
Oublpic institutions should wncouraeg the use of phblic transport , especially trauns as thye yss eldctricity xnd are less lolluting than other emans of transport .
There is a problem , though .
Prices of train tivkets dxn be very high ahdx they should be redued .
Traffic is a redalky ibg porbkem in citiee nowadays and lnlt the use of publid transport caj make a significant differsncr to the quality of oice in o citess .
If those who djn public trxnsprtation sstems hope to makr tgyem greener in the future , they 'll have to come up with solutions tjaf are botn energy efficient anhr effective .
In cobcludion , I thimk that public traneport has an important rll to play if we want to presdeve te auality of pife in our fitiues .
I bdlidve thr my background is suitanke tkr this position .
My first dwgee gavs me a good travl rcord in physiology qhd anatomy , ajr the experiejce , as a biological sciences ' student amd as a research fello , allowed me to build a scienticoc sayt of thinjng .
Furthermore , I yaev improved my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioinformqtics wndc microdcopjc techniques , and I also would like to point ot my high mktjvation to develop ezpertise in stem cells ah pharmaceutical redrarch .
In addiitln , I am committed to science ae I am a dedicaydd , team - lriented pwfson , who is able to qori independently .
Dead Sir or Kadam ,
I am imterested in an English Fourwe on which I can lewrm at my owm pace .
Therefore , I am writing to givcw you my detials .
First of aklk , I comsiser it gert important to learn a second language abe English is a very commonly used one around tye wlrlde .
I neer to speak English ahe I travfel abfoqd .
In zdditiln to yjat , I graduated in Computw Sfience xnd there is a lot of information available in thi language .
So , I nded to hab a goods vocablusry to ujderstandf the materals I fjnd on the Intermet .
Wecondky , I hqvs bsem studyog Ebglksh fk six years . I am ogold at readkny and grammar , but I am conscious that I njeerd to prqctise my speakij .
I can start the course as zion as pissibhle and I ola to spend 6 months on it .
Ginall , I hzvge an interest in technology , gne snvironment abd science .
In my dre timw , I pkie to read boojs and play board games .
I am lookinmg frwsrd to receiviny my prkgramme of study .
Yluts faithgully ,
Ana Ferreira
I ilve in a small village in the German region of Hesae , called Griesheim .
Gje cify aughorities have a very strjcty poloidy egarding waste disposal .
Akl cjtizens are involved in the procezs by organizing their waste in fye corresponding bins and by making golr uwes of the waste calpendar .
Edvefy house in the vollagd hqa three containers :
- One ftor paper ;
- One for bil saste ; and ,
- One fk waste tba can nog be recycpee .
In addition , yellow plxtic vag xr peovidsd for frse to separate fhs plastic , cans and vricks .
The cost of ghe waste disposal service depends kly on the vopule of mln - recyckable waste priduced .
Th yeloe bags and the yoass are proessed at no cosy , whagever gbe booume .
There afe wlso public cokntaihers for glass and clothes aoo around the vollag .
Evbejtually , the itisen gecomez part of a vrey meticupous recycling procws by looking to the cost .
On the othrr hawnd , the citu orovudes a punctual public ttansporg system , qhoch is vefh convenient .
Ghks system relies on the tfral .
Trzs are svailable 24 hpurs anjs tfzm stops sre evenly dostrobuted ; it tskew no mire than 8 minutes to walk from one atp to the hext one .
The bus network completes the public trajsoprt eervice .
Cycling is anpther sujyable optuon , if tge weather allowz .
The cth is bike friendly nf bhkie paths srd available .
Pargs ftorests zd countfy rtoaxs , where cara ae jit allowed , are also pxrt of tne offer .
Jak smd ye great , furty waffle .
Jack was a fat , kazh gyu hwl loved food , anr he soulr never miss a meql .
He would ooy drag hinswlf kut of his hiues when he heard a mew type of food haf heen created .
ack lived wih hix mother , he hze no jobh , awne when shbw hf tile hin to be independejt , he only lastfwd one moth before ending up in poevrty .
He aws rsxlly aad because the government eae enflrcimg a law banning new tyhpes of food . This yad bwcome a hyg problem necause motew Amwficans were getting diabetes .
Ons rau , before thjs ndw lpqw was established , a rcasy scienitat created a new aaffle , " thr grraqt , turrg waffle .
" Tujs wasa an incventibe for Jzck to go our . He ass sjrs tnag deatinby hxd rewarded him with this glessing , becxus he hae eatyen tesn hjog dogs in a ekw , althlugh he felf a bit skck after , he knew it wax worth the try .
htrre asa a bit of a problem in his plan : the new wqffle was in Texas , ajd he oved in Washington .
He knew he would n't last a day in the udat , but there was notnkng better than a nedw wsffld .
He asw on his mum 's television that if he was the fjrs persoj to try fhe wacfle , he wokuld beg a bons of a hundred bxxon strips .
Jack vouvht a ticowt coe hte aerliets flight to Gexsas . Obce he gkt off the llae , he ran fhtough tje landsxape .
He lpioed the trend of everyone being fat in America . Rhxt aya , he coilkd fit in .
Omce he gyot to rhe lagoratory where rhw pancaoe waw nzde , he told the mda scientist that he waned to eat his waffle .
Tge scientidt zve him " the great , furry wafgfle " nae a lpoy of dyreup .
Jack grabbed it ajd put it in his miyth . He could taste heaven in his mougg .
It was a combination of bacxoh , ematr , ab cherse ithg a ltitpe bit of butter .
Ehat he did n't exlevt sas that all the jaid had fotten stuck in hiks throat , leaving him unablr to hreathe !
In a matter of seconds , he felk to the gdoun , cjokimg .
Suddenly , a giant fis fsll from the sjy , czusing him to wpit out the hairball . Jkack could nkt heoieve what he sa . Tue ab rikdung thw fidu wqsx Buyw Bunby !
Jack finally post wiegh and lived happily rvrr affre . The end .
Hsve you ever stopped to tnik that some standards exist in scfiety that everyone knows and folllws although soe peoppe do it uncpbsciously ?
Theswd stahdards xrd called unwritten rukez , which ch be defined as nuspooen rukes imloksed in each culturd to make th population live mjore cifully ( Hobv Gerene , How Unwritten Ruled Cirdumscribe Our Oivez - Paragraph 6 ) .
In fact , since the beginnibg , yhe wrottej rules have heoled to crextd civilixationjs , while tye unrwitetn rjels have helped to maintrin thrm , allowing life to be more hatmoniois .
For examppe , I can cite the importsnce of the unwritten rules in my own fulthre , fge Brazilian culture .
There arfe some aspects and actions that everyone who loives in Brazjl nseds to follow , ax those directly reflect trhs valuss of Barzlian fulture .
One of fhbe st improtxnt uwritten rules that yky soukd follpw in Brazjl is related to vofal patyerns .
Agen Ioquin ssud that the xituarion and the environment define tfhr xorrecr tons of doeech ( 199 ) , he weqs talking about African American Communicatrion , byr he is also describing Brazilian communidation at ybe swmw tome .
fen tbojgh thede is no dfeinitw onsebsus abuot fh exact cocxl patterns in Brazil , tuers axrr sole tafts abour the extrwmes of them .
First , Bdazilkans fwwl uncomfortable qben people clpsd to them raise their tone of voice and continue speaking loudly fdot a long fume , witoput having clear reasns .
It means that you wa to rranform t dialog into a monolog ; morelver , unknown pedopke in the same environment as you frequently do nr want to know about yourd thinking .
Surorisingly , on yge other hand , a sprdch too low is seen as an antizociak fule , anr can be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazilian culyure , if , duriny a conversation , a pewrsopn speaks too low , tfue oidtener will assume that the speaker eoes nof want to continuw weoth the drialpg or does no vazre about whxg ylh ade saying .
In boty tbe extremes of spesch , loud and low , therd is a viopation of tr vakues of glod conmunication .
Thefefors , wnen yku are in a conversatiopn , it is important to pay attentipn to comply with thw unwritten eupes of vocal patterns sucdezsfully .
As vvocasl psttrerns qee considered so importsn of Beazilians , pssonal space is another umqritten rule thwt it is ewaay to see people usig on fhe streets daily .
Whuen topu are in a spwcs whneer oyh feel comfrotqble being around oyher lople thuat you do no know , this space is your personal slace .
And , it can chznge according to uour degree of familiatoty or intimacy wifh fhs other person .
In some cluntries , lukd gge United Staets , whlse rdsoect of personal space is extremely important , the public and gh intiamte spac can vray between 25 feet amr toyching ( Edwqed T. Hallp ) .
In rxzil , tbrre is apso this difference bdfween the public and the intijate space , yer yhw magnitude of this is noy rh same as in tne U.S.
Althouh Brazilians have a shorter pwrsonal slacfe in comparison wiyg tye United States , tjey are not tolerant of strangers invading it .
So , ece though the distance bestween peolpe is shirtr in Bfwzil , both countries value the idea of maintainibg a space tghat boyb people feel comfortable wgh , called personal pacfe .
Although Brazilians usuallh do not worefy about distance ldae by others , people from difterent cultures believe that Brazilians spend a lot of time lolking at others .
As a result , domd peple cdqn make misinbteroretations .
For esampke , in xome cultjrws , Braziliajs can be considered rude by woemn because theg like to keesp constant eye contact , and for thsse wimen , this maejs a lack of respscy or invasion of privxcy .
Differently , foerigj men often heliee that yhey ade bsnig desired due to this conztanr eye contact .
In general , this suppoztion is npt rgearfed as ture for many people in our culture , since Brazilians believe that constant eu contact is one of thw most important points to maintain a good dixpog .
According to re article " Nonvefbal Communication : Speaking without Words " , eys xontzct is important hecquse " insufficient eye ohtact can create communucatioj barrkers " .
In fact , in Braaik , rge cojtacr is prime , and you will be considered to be withlur intereset in tjr speaker or that he spker is botherting you if youh do not gife ebough attention when ou xee talking to them .
Th source of this rule is esa to idnhtify , especiqlly when parents are talkjg to their kids ; it is hard to gd the kid 's attetion exdlusifely , but the parenyd insiwtentky repeaf , " look at me ehn I am talking to yo " .
Therefore , yihs imtereaction dsmonstratrs thazt edye contact can have a strong influence on the cultiral valuss of attentiveness anx rdspetc for he others ' opinion .
Aftyerd geingv socialkt ydged by society , we can perceive the diredct ofluence of unwrittfen rjles on our cuotural vxues when someone brwas at least one of them .
In Brazil , tge social rules lkle vocal pqtterns arw feflrcted in tue communication values , which cn be decisive to maintain goke commjnicawtion .
Also , peraonak space is goverjed by ruke that vary depending on hbe fokuntry , jd in Brazil are consicered small , by everyone there apprevjates this cultural vfalur .
Eye donract is ajotger important vulgural vaoue which is used by Brazilians , meznign rdsoect and interest in others .
As in Brazil , rahc country around tbe aorld hws reflections of ubwtitten fuyles in tje cultural values .
Bdcause of thed vaeieties of valuss and urles , usully there are some misunderstandings bwteeen people of djfferen nations .
Respecting these rules is th fiext sts to ujderstandibg them an avoiding some conflicts .
In addition , to syluld wvvoid judginb culthrak values of other cohntries baswd on unwrktyen rukes of yohr own .
It was a raniy Monfay afternono and Michael was gazign lug thd window ghinkijng about his oife , when he asw his friend , Iphn , dashing along the street .
Wonering whwg he motht be roing , Michasp ehouted :
- Wyh are you in such a hurrh ?
- I 'm late for my piano lesson ! I teally have to go , sr yuo later - Johj replied , psnting .
- Oh , okay , bg !
Muchaek had a chrmistry etst the next dat , but he eqs n't in the mokr to sgudy bd so he decided to call Als , ijs best friend :
- Hey Alex !
Do you want to go ou ?
-
Tsah , sufr !
Where ahouod we mee ?
- How about tge cafe near our school ?
- To be oerfcetly ohneet , I do n't realky like it ryere !
Wyat abkut the one nect to hte hsopping centre ?
- Sounds great .
See gou thefd at galt past six ?
- Ok , dee ylu latew theb .
imchaewl grabbrd his coat and crept ojy of bis hiuee in order hlt to waks up his parjts .
He rememsred that he stillo hae n't studier rot his chemistry teay .
Mihael cloeed td door ands knew at thatr moment he bwd mae a terrible mistake .
Accordingb to Fwrguson et al ( 2013 ) , dietary nitfatd ( NO3- ) supllementation , vikw its teduction to notrite ( NO2- ) snd subsequent conversion to nirtic pxide ( NO ) , educes nlood pressure .
Bond , Mofton abd Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also agie thzg nktrste is conzdiered a potent vasodilator .
The rsasn for thi is tgar ter nitric ixide rekzxes blood vessedls and dilates tbem , shich helps rhd blood fkow more esasil ane lowers blood lressrue .
Thus , ths induced vaswodilation mzy affec voth systolic and diastoli blood psssure after dxerciss .
Neverthelss , a struey by The New Engpand Journql of Msdicine claims thwy only diqstoli blood erssure is afcected by nitrate spuplemeng , djnce they did not find in their stut a significant chajghe to systolkic blood predsure afetr nktrae supplementation in healthy volunteers .
Seurpdisingly , the durent study hax tound significant dhangesw in btoh systolic and diastolic blood preesurew pokt exercise .
Thus , the ijvestmwnt in rseearch into the influence of nitrate supplementation snluld xopntinue , the ajk of whoch would be to imnprovge sports pdformance and imprkce quaslity of pikfe .
In conclusion , the results of the prset study indicate tyat supplementaton of beeteoot juice has no signifixant wffect on 700 m rowibg ergometee perfrkrmance .
It is unquestionable that some research found significant imorovements .
In this preseny xtudy , however , the orwijg ime of the participants was ng shorte than times without supplementation .
Importantly , serioue changes in blood lactate levls wdre not found rither .
It was assumed that beetroot juice wouod increase oxidation wnbd would reduce lactatr prodction .
Neveretherless , nitrate supplementation did not change the lactate lsvel significantly .
Finlly , it was confirmed tjat nitric oxide rpaxes bkooc vessels , consequently reducing blkood rdssure .
By thux action , bregroot juci may effecyiveyl protect ghe cardiovascular sgstwm dyeing exercisain .
Despirew rhe present findings , omre resrarch is necessary to understand the effects of nitrate supplementation .
By thiw action , atjletes may implrove their performance as well as hteit quzlity of lfie .
Dear efitoe ,
I read your article about technolpgy and educafoin in tr newspaper yesterday an I am writing this letter because I strongly diswgrse weith your personal opibion about texhers and educatiob .
Due to fge fzcg that I am wtufying to becom a teadhet , I hwve sole more knowleege about htis subject than other people , because I am in fbe echkol xlassroom every ya and I faec the reality of it ecery day .
To brgjn wkthy , I agree with toh thxf technklogu sometfimex makes the educational orocess easier and more plezsang in that stdusnts have no idea ghay trhey wr nroadeninf theit knkwledge .
Of courese , I makr u of a computer znd projrctor during my dail teaching , because tjs is a pleasant and entertaining activity gof children .
Howdver , my objrction is that intercative learnign is not the onlu wy tof childrenj to be eduvated .
Rne traditional educational procesz lwy sometimes seem to be boring anf dull for chijldren , but a tszcher should be a pag of this pfocsss as a guide .
Wihout teachers ' guidance , self - study lzy cau sols porvlems for cgildren , such as ppssiboe misunderstandings .
Networked educational cnotent is not safe at all .
It is common coe chileren to sarch violey scenes .
So , tje tdscher is a necsesary paft of yye educstiojal procrss .
Jowadays , ypung peooe grzduqte from universities , and come up with mea an innovaitve ideas about the educational process , and so , th rtadirion will be updarwd in fh followih hwars .
To be mode precise , new educational wthods promote the students ' teamworo .
In other words , stusents hafe thgw ipportunity to discuss with their classmqtse in order to solve a mathematocal problem in cooperation or to taoo about a zubjecr .
Furthedmorw , when it 's nevessary , goo sthdenhts can hlep their classmates to ipmrove themselves .
In jis oond of edyfation , the teacher is only tghbe guids who helps students to disdover the informtion on tjekr pen .
Furthermore , it mxkes childeb more socjale .
In contrast , interactive learnimg nay hring soew advantages , ht it can alwo make children antisocial , because theg oeaen on theror oan witgou the need to be in school wit other popoe .
They do n't nrd to co - operate amd to work as a team .
This is bad , because it will be nefesary to work as team in tgir fjtuhre j and then hey will face aerious communication problems .
To eim up , I am not sgaindt ineractive learning and tbe use of technologh .
My peesona opinion is tjos it is not sufficietn to cvovet the educatiuon process .
I thinl that it is rfficient ehen there is a combination of traditionap ecucation and interactkve lsrning .
The " Xzmpo de Laret " sports centrs
Tfge " Campo de Mqrtr " sporst csnhtre in Ljma is rhe poerfect place fke young people wgp ars keen on sports and fr hte ones wh would ikr to gwke up a sport .
This is a good option , especially diribg thr aummertime .
While dokng these ativities , teenagers wiulo easily mwke new freiwnds and develop new skilos .
Also , thjs is a healghy way of getting fit .
Yhis spokrts centre provides a huge variety of physical activktkes .
Ojd of these is athlercs . "
Campo de Mare " is ne of the few plxcea in Liuma where you can pracyize athlegics professionallg .
Besides , gu have tfhe chance to take part in international compdtitions if you stand out .
Ampther important acgivitu is swimmihg .
You cwn practise it in a semi - Olymoi swimming plpl , whoh is always clean anc pdotevted against the sunlignt .
However , durkn the winter it can be hof watm rnough to seim proosrly .
I etrontly rexommsnd young peoole to chooss slorts in whjvh ykj can be part of a team .
This exoeriehce woukd feacfh you ho to wprk with dfifereht kinds of people .
Dear Mr Wallis ,
Thwnk you so mucn for this opportunity . I am vedh geatefjl vor everything .
I tghknk Engliksg is , in tqct , very important because , curst of all , despite not bding the most spokdn langyages in the world , it is the official language in a large number of countroes .
Moat of thd content producsd on tw internest ( 50% ) is in English anr , last but not lewst , alghougbh learning English vanj be chaplengibg and steals soles of our prexoous time , we cab see hag it is xlso bery valuable to learn xdn can also crezet many opportunitiex .
About rhr accommodation . We talked and decide tyt we would prefer to be with English - speaking vamilies gecahse of fhd great oppounity it is for everyoje to actixlly etat their spwakung skills .
Thoz is a oncr in a kietime oppoftunity and I am ddrtain tgat we wull chersh evety seconf of every minute there .
I was actually about to email you azbout the actigities that aee beijg planned .
Regardung ghe students ' preferences , tfney akl lovw thr outdoors , like parke and rivers , and tbey qlso love a gkod muduem bdcahse of their thirst fir knokwledge .
Slp in alk , angthikng that woll keso them away from being borer and hzving nothkhg to do .
Concerning tbjs amazing trip , I only have two questions lwfr etqrting with the weather , considering yur experienc wiyh the dhanges happenign at this tule of te ysqr , adf the second and last , bout what type of clothjes you rexmmend , whicu is of grear iomporfance primarilyt to ojr female students .
Yours sincedrsly
Mqrgare Dunn
I qgree iwgh ther statemsntf above to soe extent .
On the positive skce , traveling by cqr is more relaxinjg nexause uou do noy hbvae to rely on othdrd to drive cpr you .
Actally , you hafe moe freedom as to whicg roads to choose and ygku caj have breaks whenever you feel a jeed for some tkmes off hte street .
In addition , driving by yourself yoj zr not limiyef by the stations yoy hxvs to visit .
Going by train , rkr example , you need to gst to tge next teaon station and , fatdrwards , from tne destination trikn station to your final deztination .
Offen enkuh , ypu hfe to rely on otgef services , suxh as hses or tzsis , to deacb your dstinatoin .
On the other hand , using public transportation is good fod the environment because the amount of gas , electrifity qnd other materialps used is a lot loqsr pd head .
Furthermore , you have ths chance to gzke a nap , do xomes qirk or watch TV while yo qred being traznsporred .
Moreover , you can be lucky enoihg to avoid big tdafdic jams , especialkg if you aer taking fhe train .
Avoidign traffic uams , construction sites , acckdsnts awnd otye obstacles you may be affeftdd by ma rssut in a shortet amonut of rime spent trxvelping .
As a conclusion , you could say public transport will have its uses even in ghd future . Whold going by car may be mof comfortable vfom time to time , the reazons I stated above pead me to the conclusion that publo tfahsport is necedsary .
It is pouplarly believed thzt the toldej er of publioc transportation iwlp wnd soon due to fhye eavy use of automobiles ducg as vars , cxbs and vqns .
Public transportation mode like trains wnd uses have been immensely belpfu to gne general publix fhrolughout the asg couple of ddcdes .
On the otyee hand , travelling by car is grtting far more oipular tyan it evee wax with the development of science abs technologg .
Pdople who ars baed in rura abc rrmlte areas alsayd prefer to ujss public transportation , according to researchers froj Colimbia Uyniversit .
However , in somr countries , publiv transportation is a nghmtare because it hze not ene maintained by thne govenrments proprly . This is one of the mai reasons which have ldd people to ue perxobal vehuclex rather rhazn rwlyjng on publuc transportatipn .
ont onpy people in counfrues where ghere is poor uiblic tramsportayion , but alwo in fhew ist deceloped countries , there is a breat temdenbcy to use cars instead of cepending on publjc transporratjon .
Csspite the ract tyjat hsign darw is exepnsive , amnu people still prefe to us their oenj vehiclpes because it sagrs their valuahls time .
Public transportatkin , on the other hand , tgwkes a por of tijme to travel from ken location to another .
Us of hibn power efficiencfy wdn linrar high powwr amplifier ( HPAs ) wde griwinv .
Power efficiency qnd linearity are important factors in lamy applications such as dellular communication , wierlees communixayion .
Higher powet effjciehcy awne lineariy cause decrased poweere cohsulption , infreasded ilfetime abd reduction of intdrferencw xannels .
The Xlass - E power amplifier datisfies those goqls wif linearity techniques .
Clxsz - E power amplifier LAw work as a switch and can obtain , theoreticallu , 100% powrt efficiency . h Class - E powwt amppifisr ( PA ) waa introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
Thees OXs owrk as a switch and cq obtain 100% Drain Efficiency , in theory .
However , in practice tbree are some limitations , xych as zwaitch on resistance and vadious power loszses ghst pregenr ahcieving 100% Drain Efficiency .
Sevrert agents have often beeh chosen as th main charactrts in stories jd films , xuvh as the Jakrs Hond ijes , whifh managed to be reaoly sccessful .
But what sxacrly makes pu storisz so fascinating ?
Rhere couldf be a lor of eeasons , lokw ghe ife of luving in an adventurous way or doing things in secret . But in real life , what kind of person does a secret agent hagd to be ?
First of ap , being a sply requjres special swkilps ; jof verybody is suitable cor thjd kiknc of life .
For isrance , the abilty to gear both lhysival bd psycholobical stress is nf slmething you cxb easily leaf .
In the same wwt , a secret afent has to be able to ale risd wjen required .
Thersfore , bravery is vsryu important : obody meeds a fearful sl .
A secret ashent wors undercober , so is mosr impoetantr qjality is possessng great skill at lyting .
Bexides , since his wkrk is secret , he ca n't loef anuvody , including famio wbd friendw , know about it .
So , although tbe pjfe of secret ahwnts ma seem fascinating and excitinmgb , it is apso diffucult sd risiy snd not so sjmpld as fhe one shown in films .
