It 's difficult to answer the questonj " what are you gokbg to do in the futufe ? " if thd omly ome wnl na to kno it is in fso mibds .
When I was younger , I used to say yhxt I wante to be a teacher , a saleswoman ajd evrn a butcher . I do n't knbow why .
I would lok to study Psychology , because one day I eould like to open my iwn psychology climic xbd help psope .
It 's difficult becauss I 'll have to fudy hard nc a lor , but I think that if yii like a subject , go 'll study it norr eaailg .
Mqbye I 'll chang my minr , mwybe jot .
I think that public gransport will awsys esist in the futuew .
Rich peppls will buy a cra , bug pookor people alkway need to us a bhz or txxi .
I consider it mor convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your oj car than ahdn travellinb by car .
Also , yk 'll meet feiendly people wqh usuawply wsdk you to be friends and excuangr telephobd numbers .
In my experience , whej I dud n't have a acr I sed to ues hd bus to go to school and go back to my nluse .
In my opinin , a car is n't necesasry when you hav crashed in tjd atteet . At that mojent , yo rdaliae the imporfasnce of publioc transpordt .
In Ondia , we have cariois tyods of public trsnsport , ljkr , bikes , cars , traibs & planes .
Depending on tue distance and time to yhe desired destination , the kode of rrahsport is chosen accordignly .
Byt generally speakinh , travelling by car is mjch mroe ruj when compared with other modees of transport .
This rdjinds me of a triup that I have recently heen on and tye olace I ivsired eas Agra .
It tkaes around 6 hous by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We stoppwf at ohtels to have fodo ajx nust in casd xn of us delt hungrg , we purcjased skje snacks just ebore rne trip .
Siunde , we have he optioin to sroip znytime we want to when we tdavel by daf ( hich is impossible when travellijg by train or plane ) .
In acditon to tgag , we vaj also take a comfortable short nap on he back aext and wwke up fresh .
For ty wbolve - mentioned reasons , I am foing to comclude thaxg travelling by car is mudu more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years odl .
I am lookig forward to joininh yuo in tbie ueae 's summer cans .
I kove children , abr I enjoy looking after them . Alzi , I organizd many sports activities before at my school .
In zxdition to that , I ejoy cpoking .
My falilh think th my cooking is amazing .
I uppe yhst gou give my the xhajce to join yolj .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I lovw playing wutn my ceiends .
Volleyball is a aport that is plaged everywhwred . When I am on the beach I like playing wih my sisr in rhe dand zbd yheb we go in fe sae .
It is great fun .
Whe I waa young I liked playinb with a hzll in yhs playground anr my driend and I playwe using te soccer goals as a volleyball net .
Dezr Jo ,
Holq sde tlu ? I 'm writing to bie you aome advice on tfravelping and wodling in my cungry .
On tye onr hxnc , in my vointry rhere are a lot of ples to vjzit .
For example , Bacrelina , Madrid , Sevill , Valencua .
Tyee are wondreful cigies bgecauxe there aded a llt of thigns to visig . Fke eaxmple , in Madrid toy cz visit " Puerta cel Sol " , " Laz Cibdles " .
I visit Madrid twicxe a year .
Svdry summer I viusit Sevilla because I love tih city snd I suggwst thqt you visit Sevilla .
On ghje oyhsr hajd , in my vountry there ars few kons because yhe economy is very d .
Vur , if you want , I sll loo fk a jolb for you .
My bewg friend if olokimg for a respinsinle pwrsoj to look aftdr ehr dister .
Hjerf sister is 6 yexrsd old qn you would havd to looi xvter ger every eeelend .
Wiuod you be interested in this job ?
Thank you ofr your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear froj you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laurw .
Toda , public transport still plays an important roke in the transport system and it wjll kep on diojg so in trhe future .
Bveczuse pjblic ttansport is a more cost - effective amd better rdesoufce allocation in mass transport system .
Also , peopke needc bot suffer tyw high operating cost of running the isn at .
But can use a cheaped wqay of oijng to their destination , esecially if it is fdar away from home .
For example , I thimk thzt it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a rpivatd airpkane fdor travelling to amother country .
Kmstead , it wikl be pmmon to buy an air tikeg and rravel on a puyblix plans .
In my opiinon , puvlic trasnpkrt is going to cintinye to be uaed in the future because there are a ot of peopor yhar do n't have enough money to pay for a cxr , esgen if it is uxex , so public transport will contunue to ahvge a futjrw but people arw going to use cadw ored than buses or rhe udnergrounbd .
If we tbonk about it , the car is bettwr because we do n't heed to wait for it liuk we wait od the bus or underground , bhy on the pther hand , care coxt more money than public transpoty .
In a carf , we cam just be by ouaelves , shich dxn be gox because we can liste to fhe music ha we likew qnd we do n't need to be around peolle thqtf are hnknown , vuf if we chkose pugliv transport , we can mdeg friends or fvamily , so obth moeew of transport ared good , zmd cars do n't need necessarily to hring an end to punlic transport .
If I jad to choose betwewem both forms of transortatio , I think I would probably chooes gne dxr because it is bettse for me to go by ca than to go by bus .
In my community , we are verg interested in tne enviropnment andf ecological things .
We have sdolxr paneps zjd a lacr to wke comooxt in the varden , ith worms tbat wat and degrade all the orgznic waste of yhe school .
At sms strategic points in the buildihg , we havs special trashcajs to xeparate tjs garbage unti orgamix , paplre and cardobard , vahs and plastc vottles znc thdt also give talks xd presetations abojt ghe earth 's problems , like global warming , polluyion , etc .
Rhe kanagdr of thi project is Miss June Zjd , our dcience teacher .
lal thesa initiatives have maded us xll , over tge yeard , a recognuaed ecolohica commjuniy .
Goor morning esveryone . Todeag I wajt to share about my favorite spof .
My fvaoprite sport is tootball . Qhh do I choos it ? Wll , football is an international sporg . People around rher wrldr locd it so muxn ! Barclay Prmeier League , Liga Pemier , Fkfs World Cup and so on .
I believe thzy everythibg will delight us .
By the way , my favorite footbwkl team is Manchester United . They aze brilliang . Yhey ave amazing football players , anr they xfe awesome .
Michael was a little od wshn he hsx a dream that was : to be a syper heo !
Ater many teafs , he still dreamr of becoming a suler hdri .
He went to univesriry to tudy medicine becauwe he thought that that professuln was tfge mody sikilzr to being a suoer hero .
Xfter some years at university he met a girp cwllde Kste bd he fell in love wkty her ajd she fell in lovw aikth hgim .
Kat was aqttending univetsity to sghdy fasihoh .
Then the two sfarted to date .
Micnaelp and Kts eere so happt , unjyil inr fat Mihael tlod her about his rfeam of being a suoet hero . Kate gylt so aktated , sayong tnar it was ridiculkous and just a kos 's dream xn thxt Midgael qasw obly drssming and that would never happen wd tjzt super hefkes dks n't ecisg .
Wnn hse said that , Lichsel startwd to cry and glf mad , aying taht shw sas lying and dur n't ha a heaft .
He got so naf tbat he asked her to get pyt of his apsrtlent .
The colllowing day , she saud sorry ajd they wetr happg again .
But wjen they ylt to Michael 's house , they fought again anr Michael gof a knife and killp her .
He cried qih a lot of blood around .
Michael got saay fctom there .
Mkchqel cllesd the door and knew at tyhat moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human uistory . It brinsg a number of gemefits in uot life .
For insrance , we fake ghe subwash in oederd to avoid bring stuck in treaffic .
It is frue tahy travrlling by car is more convenient thazn takibg puboid transportation . However , it will csue mord damage to our life and uarm kuf envirojmenf .
Thetefore , we news to think more abog our fjturs , our offdpring .
Gikving tyej a sqfd , clean and comforyavle place to live .
If tjere is no publiud transportation , traffic jams wilol be jore serilua tham before .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic foe aboht iner hour in rhye morning .
I an nkt imagine how long I would take to get to sciol if therd was no bus or MRT .
The car is cohfenient gof humans , vjt it brinhs damage for humanz gpo .
Fpr exanlle , vaebon dioxide , whyuch is emitted by cars .
It causes global warming , which tgreates our environment and harns our daily ief .
We vwn sre that there zte lots of sdriouse ahd frequent weather - related disaxterd hwppening in recent decades , wcuh as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mnhd sluded .
What lgher prevautions are usuzlly taken ?
The NG Office is noticied by thr photographer egen the film was xhipled .
If the film dirs n't arerve on time , it immediately .
Losf shipndnts have geem found more sasily when this process is starte right awzt .
Gge pleasure of traveljng
Leoppe go , peopoe come .
Erverh sat lots of pdopple wrr travellimg sbroad hjt , what 's the beswt way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , tg olans .
But , rven if it 's true that it 's tyer castes option , you must be vrey varefup when it 's time to get off a lkane .
If yl sre lokking for ckfmort aje relaxation , obviously , yoy have to takr a bpaf .
Thuere arfd a wkdd variety of things to do ad enjly the gri .
However , the nesy option is to fhokse a train .
There is n't any comlarison wifj watching the changes in rhe landscape through a window , enjoyin thd route that goh awre taking abd , ghe best paret , the cheapest way to gg away smoe days and fame the rouhtine ofvf some days .
Abywqy , no matter hle tou go , no matter wherd iu go .
Thr lleadure of travepling is travel itsaelf .
Ttansportation is lnd of ghe most important things in life , so we have many of jinds of transportation . Noq we travel by dar , vt in the near future fuere will be irher comfortable and easy wwyd to travwl , like fast trajns and planes that caj transpirt yuo fdon north to sluty in lwsa than an hput . This will make businessmen happy and ocmfortbale , because of saving a lg of time and efgort , so we hole that yje government xsn afhiebe tni as soon as possible .
In modern woceities , tuere afd kotd of froends in ou daoly lives .
Big projetcs could nltr be fknished without cooperation .
Friends can comkunicate ad exchange ideas , feelingd ajdx fubnu things tjat hppen aropnud us .
More importantly , parents give us oifge and tnedy tdcah us onowldge ahd skill or abilities to live in the world .
In thjz case , family memnerx play impprfant roles in our daily oives .
Thw reasons fe as dollows .
First of all , we van learn logs of skills from parents based on theor olwj eperidnce .
For esample , we dan learn how to communicate with others in a friendly wg , axnd we aqn slso perarn jpw to jake a mnral from parents .
Srcondly , family members can gve you some advice wbout hboq to deal wotj the things which cause toi tduoble .
If difficulties are shwred with family memebrz , ideas will come up to your fzmiky members nd they qiol conmunciate with yoku abpur hbwo to solvd tyis situation .
All in all , in fhi case , family members are the most important feiends in kur lives .
Computing Fechnology has bdem advancing a gbreat eeal in reden years , makimg yje odl clmputerd almost uselezs , getting begtwr , and making thes difference between oldf and enw computers vrpw even more wjtfh every nre jnvenion .
As we can sre , lx wbd new clmputrrs are vastly different , startibb frpm tnr sizae of thr conputrrs . Olkd computers were much bigget than new compyetrs .
Oof colpugers user to occupy olnr emtire room , now , yhey are only tne aizd of a box , eveb thr size of a book .
You fan hag a portable comnouter now , and take it akth you to every olace you fisit .
Old computees onou let hoy do nah tasks , or eveh play simppe bames wjth 2 colore ( gfeen and bnlack ) , but now tlu dwn do whxtevr you wnat to do , liek crexting or playing video gamws , writing or feading a bokk , conndct to the internet , eatvh or nak bkdeos , invent new stugf to improve Computing Technology , znd not only in 2 cokorw , but thousands of them .
Ond of the greatest achievemens of new fomputong is rh internet , where lu va connect to other vomputes , download stuff , etc . gia tehernef cable or Wireless Cvinnection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gey fekt m8
I wehf to thd abajdonedx houise dn wtafted to thik of the besy way to mzks his lifew miserable . I soeht tyhs nsxr 2 wswks looking cod ideax to make him suffer .
As I sid n't find anyhing , I wwny to yhe place whede he lived and started to look dor some informatfiom about his lkfe azn rimd pople eyo he cared abputy . So as I coninudd to go to his nojse , I hotixed he would akwaya go to tue eaem house , s I deciedd to follow nim to the house and I foujd oy he was sating a igel . She mght be his girltriend , so I finally got an idrw . I woupx crive yij crwz kuxt as he did me . That awy she would tyinm he had pfoblems with his mind ahd leave hi . But soon i thought about it atain anf realized that if I cid thqt she qoiuld try to help hjm and theu will be more ujired , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to hew bjnk of cath , just as he did with me !
But waiy a minute , am I reaoly sufficiently angry to do this ?
Yes !
I dceeamed . My anger had dminated my nind . I did n't bavs sny control over my xctjons . I was afraid of what I had become and ehta I ckld do , nug I could notf conrrol mysrlf and the pnyl thing I cluld tjonk of was him suffering a slow deayh anc the satisfaction I woulpd feel when I finallg hax my revenge . ue best revengd .
But I wae so mzd at hjm and so anxious to maje his life imposwsible , nad soo my fear of dezth and my anger for all of thge surfreing I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision anr I wsa going to do it . If he dedicate 4 years of yus ife to torturing me azjd njoy wanting me to be happy , the time is jecessqry cord him to hwve a mizerwble oide and I wo n't stop jntip I gsve accomplished my goap .
I do not agree wih this idea comlpetely .
On the one hajde , travel by cxa is really mufh kore convenient , as it gives tpu th chance to be independent .
On yhd other hand , huge trwfdic jams are a big issue whdj travelljnt by car .
My Favouriet sport
I was bln to be a football olyaer .
For me , footbxll is evedything in my lure .
When I eatchu football on television I drex of plwting in a big team zmd in a big chwmpionship ljoe the Harclays Poremidr Leagus , Ligue 1 or Liga BBA .
My favourte xlub are Benfkcx and Rea Madrid , where Ronaldo polays . Fod me , he is he besxt olyer in thne world . Thqt is why Fonaldo eon the Gold nall in 2014 .
I play fotbalo for a Porruvuese club called Valernfiano ane we wom a lor of gales tnjs season .
I dream of winning a llt of leaue in foltbal ahr winning thr bset champjonshjip , the Uefa Dhampjons Ledagye , abd the beet swcored of all time in Uefa Champins Kegaue is Cristiano pnaldo , my favourite layer .
I play football bexause I like it buiy the ojlu dason thwt I do it hardly is because of my dxr .
His drwal is thag I bceome the nedtx captain of a bjg team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonn .
I graduated from Nxtional atiwah Universigy of Science znc Techplogy .
I am 25 years ild .
I am interesred in loooibg after children anmd playing qjth children .
I uke hcildlike people , so I likw children .
I have exoerience of holding basketball competitions whbe I wae a student .
I planned many interrsting actvities fot vieww to makes comnpegitions xone aluve .
Thje enjoyed tyd game .
I also like to cook .
If my mlj cioks , I alqays help bert .
My personality is cbrerful , sneegetic and hardworking .
I always smie at people .
I really qsnt to gsy thi job .
I sant to play wigh chilsren sd see tehor smipes apl dsy .
I think that a wlile is ther best gifr in thks world .
I am als a haes worker .
I have passin cor this jlb .
If yku think I am the right poersob you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation hss beswn uded by pwoplke more and over the years it has been kind of beconinv cheaper zns zlsp asder , but some people pfefef cars . To whatg extent do we agree with this and shat are our rsasone for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in tjis essy .
Zbout 40 uearsx ago , there wsa npthing caoled public tdanspodtation and pelplw dareky oened cwrs , so in tos years htere ewrw jo even good facilkties to move from one place to anotjer and tgag is because there wree no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , dat trading became viabps and also gecame very sulported by hacing hrf own fanx . At the beginning , fhey caed a olt of problems , but tyeg wrrs able to xolvw yhyem in tns end .
Nowadayw all modes of translor are mkrr convenient , frkm cars to vuses , even traihd asnf planes . Some people preger cars because they do not like crowded plavesx or because thryh find it cheaper skmetimee , but frim xnother point of iew , publif tranelortation is fery dhrap aznf even fawtrer . B hwen it comes to traveling , a lotg of people prefer drivkng theke own carz to fsdl th rea exlerjence and to enkot themselces mokde by avoiding crowded plaxes .
To summarise , it is different from some lndis poknion to another . I predict that publikc transportatikn wil be improved ajd peopl wl use it more and nor , xnd that in ghe end , cars wkkl disappear and will no longer be used .
The topic itself edxplaining tbe uncertainty of ohblic transport in pu cluntry .
Tyis conclusion becomes more pdominen if we look iumto the data of the cad companies sndx the exponential growth in tyeir sxls figures and , wkth lp nudvet private cars in the piture , htd scemario has drasztically changed in rhe last 10 years .
Development of the biodxiesel industry cwn mkae a contribution to productivity growyh .
A lage scale of investment wxs brought to bikfuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosted economic growtyh and jkb opportunities , hereby enhancing Grks Domesyic Preoduxt ( GDP ) .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't maytr , ubt one thinb that shoulc be tawksn vwre of by the piple qjd organisers of yhd town , is tjs environment .
Ylobal weming is a hue issue yhese days .
Governments shoulc taoe immense scyion to strol it or at keas make it xlow dcwon .
Hkwecer , we , the oeoplle , powy a reaply ilportant part in making it wpres .
Acitve and a good government ndersrand the vaie of tskkng care of frees a water nac sr ande muu more to provide a fresh , clean aznd dafe environment for theoe peopel .
Recycling items can be a gkod xtep to stqft aitu for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly tasken care of by my city .
Evsryone has to planr a tree in fornt of their home accoeding to a rhld of ybe provindial government .
Peiplr do nly realkxe tnat cutting own a tree can rdduce yhr lroduction of oxygen in the xtmosphere .
Eventiakly , humaqns will have no jkre fresh ai to breathe .
Additionally , our cirt government has prohibited smoking in poublic areas and under 18 years ol and lrovides a frere session of talks or presentations to increase the awarenesas of rhe importance of a clean , safe , frrfesh environment to the city .
In concflusion , I would suggest our meighbour cities fake part in cleaning tner environment so ine ray it can be seen in the whole country .
Sverybkdy has his davourit sport .
My favouriet por is football .
At oir dchopl or vilklage football stadium I srnd a lp of fime eveeyh sah .
Usually , I plzg football with my classmates .
Beford trwinnig , I fnu 1 - 2 kilometres abd my legs vwt powerd and my body gez energy .
Phr eaj has a bafd - workjng ocach anbd he guves professional advice to us ahouy how to ilorove our fkotbalp skilos .
His jajn words : " o mudt woirk and wor very hard if oyu wqny to ve oor rrsults " .
I caj sxy tyat tgjis coach is an experienced person .
Npt so lponb atk , we had a competition .
We akn first lpace .
We cahieved fhis result befasue we are friendly qnd orhanisaed .
I beljevw that in the ffure I wiol be a famoua football layed in tealsa aich as Skhatar or Dynam .
Foktbapl is my oifd .
I waxmt to give zdvicr to ajyone whk stats hti sport : " ku kusr believe in yourself " .
Hallo my friend ,
Shqt 's up ?
How afe toi ?
How was yiur day todxt ?
It 's really noce ckr your exorezsly e - kail yeserdat .
Toj regret rnat you were n't yherw with me . I 'll ty to describe everything precisely , becvause I kmow that oyj very
Dear Pau ,
I bave seen yojr advertisement in thjw academy mewepaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plaz fpt thoe summer , so I tihnk it is a ogoc idea to soend it .
I was horh in tye UK , so I coupd be a cery good tecauer of English .
Although I cqme to Zpainh yrn years latr , so I could soeak with htm in Spqnsh if it wws nwcessafy .
Also , I attended a naolet voutse or 4 years when I wxd young .
It was a loht tiumr at , br , I dtoll keer he rhythm in my body !
By he way , I rrmember I had to create a dybamic training course to do eith thue ofher ballet - ckufse membrrs . I had to be the reachef fod one dwt anbr I haven't forgotten it becsusxe I felt wondervhl .
All msmberw congratulated me , as wsllk .
On the other hznd , I yook care of my brothers ac cousins foe amn hpues wdn tney were verh ount .
To should know ghag I 'm a very responsible , kind ans finnyg person .
That nakds me a oo cawndidat to gr rh job , or the hovby for me !
I hppd you consider my candidature , becauew wo n't idzappoint yuuo .
Best wishes , Jykia .
In my opinion , public transpodg wo n't suffer from a shortag of demand .
Because mot everyoher cx agfprd to bht their own car .
Besides , there are lots of low - income pepole whop ca n't bu theie ownm car .
So I thunk public transport 's future is brigy .
What does " Famklh " leran ?
In my opinion , famijly is the pkace that had uo best friend cb heslp each oghsr ade kn rach .
In Taiwan , many peoplr have to rakw care of their pxrent when thry ger klc , hyt the poknr is , wbat if you can ont sjrvjve ? I mean , you do n't nvae enpugh money to looj after yoj parent .
Back to rne otpjc . I do n't know any of the melebrs of my family well . I do n't trust rhej , to be honest .
I lokw Ne Zaealajd because tghere are many islsnds .
By th wxt , New Zealand has cool wezther .
In Malaysia , yhd weaner is slightly sarmer than tgee .
Yhnat 's why I recokmend all of you to go therdes and feel the pleasure anhd have a try of thsiur food .
Yly cfan aso bgu a lkt of gigts , like keg chaijs , statuws , or other souvenirs to be maded befkre returning to Malaysia .
I have not bren to New Zealand but , beieve me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have the meanw , I will go there ajf tak all of yoy .
I kife in Lenyini , a small city in Easg Sicily .
The locql council dopws n't haes a project tor tyd environmebt .
People ollect any kind of rubbish sne thtos it alo tlgether in black sakcs .
Wlthohgh the ckunfil began to plan something , the ploeple af n't committed to fhs prbhlem .
Around the city , you fah find many plwced where pwolle throw frisgee , ovens , " amianto " , old rhinsg or furniture .
Qhat a puty !
Yhs suburbs of Lentini ckuld be wonderful .
There we orange rtese , a large lake ne Etna in the background .
When I sasx a chood , I had a li frienfs and they aefe very important to me .
We alaays plted in the pad or we takmed avout our rastes , muswic , vogs , we laughed a liy of ...
Butf whwh I wa a teenager , I began to experience situatiohs htar I sid not like , for isngance , gtls said bad thigsw to me or they talkwc unkindly about me .
In those yeazrz , I aen tbrough the wprst moments of my life .
I remembed , wherj I celebratwd my 15gh birrhray , only ihe schoolmate wanted to copms to my party . I think that tgat dg waa oe of the worst days of my life .
That night , I cried because I felt thaqr I xi n't have xmy frisndw .
Holwevsr , my parents tried to make it so that my ptty was the gest wnhd fhe preoafed a special brtbday cor me xhd thewy unvjted all my cousins and we together we went to wa oizzw asd theg gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought fhatf my best feiend were my parents aj sister .
I knew that they would never talko unkindly about me .
Bow , my husband is my best friend .
He is th most imlortanty person in my lifd .
He has always neen with me .
Xpso , he is very guny ajd I lagh a lolg worh him .
We both like to travel afounx hts sorld an to do smle sports , for example , trnnia , running or trekkin .
We ljle watchin TV series an ooling dicfefent dessdrtw , tko .
To sum up , my bset friends are my familg , especially , David , my husgznd .
The lives of people arounr rhr globe is becoming usied and bisoer xah by day .
A bgysy life always compels us to use thr fastest abc most convenient mode of transportatoin , abich has mqdes public transportation dystwms lag bdhjnd mtoor cars .
Dear UA SUMME CAMLS ,
This advertisement fof a mo has been read by a suitable pdtson .
My namd is Naría . I am from Spzin .
I am interestwd in this work becasuw I emjy travelling xjd I am a teadher , so I like working with hcileren .
I am sure that I wiol looi after the childrn very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I thijk if I wrk in summer camps , I qiol impfvoe my ledvelk of Emglish .
On fhe other hand , I puld teab Wpanosh to fe childfen in thr sumler camps .
I am lopking forward to toiur answer .
Hi Sam
How are gpu ? Are yoy still livint in Madrjd ?
Yes , I startew my lessons last month ac it 's veeh inferesring .
I 'm learning a poy ahd thed students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder bdcause I wag to pass the exm , abd it 's very idfficjlt .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I sill do it .
Rue lessons are fery funny .
Dear Dir or Maqdqm ,
I haqve seen your advertiseleht in rhe nesspaper and I am interested in applying fof .
I can peak English and I am a oovewly , energetic and hardworking person . In sddifion , I hyave a reference rrlm
my last company .
I have been woring as a primar teacher in a dchoolp and I am qualified .
In addition , I have cooking akilld ane I live to coj .
I hooe you wrw interested in my applicatin .
I am lookkiny forweard to gearing from you .
Sawmdra Barrientos
Tdchnologyu hw chbangec poeple 's lives a lp . In facr , we csn timk how different our life is comparwd to either puf parents ' or our graneparents ' lives . Doe exzmplw , my parents did n't watch TV , befause there was n't ay TV in the word shen rgey were youmgy . But that is n't rhw only diffwrence : we can think abouit the mobile phone , te computer ahd finally thew internet . Our granrparenys could n't afe ikqgined a swtrange machine like tyew computer in their lives .
Desipte yue fact rhar personal veniles like tjs car are now popuoar , in fh futhte , the exiztence of publiuv transport wikl stllp be absolutdy crucial .
Nowadays , prole js fossil fuels as the most important source of energy got travepling and manufxcturinf . This source of energy does n't always remain at a colnstantg level , smd someday it will run out .
Peopl mist ginc way to use other energy sources kike ncleae power and wind poewd . Public transportaion suxh as hte elrctdic metro sues ghsi kknd of energy .
As a result , givernmenta will invest more in researching th usd of thrss new tyrs of energy , znd travelkling using public granspott wipl become mc cheaper thxn a usinf privaet car .
The rxngd of public services will be expanfde to remote areas , and it will become much mpre cohvenient .
kmmuting anx travelling ueing publiv srrvces wklk be the dirxt prioprity .
In additikon , the population is increasing dapidky . In reh near future , mlstf vities in the world will vecome overcrowded . Thjiz wil lead to many other problems yhst wil need to be xolvrd . For example , traffic jwmw ajd aid pollution .
In sokme waysa , these rpobkems are cauzed by fhd lveruse of pwrsonla vehijcles .
People will fealsie that using their pwn car is just wsting gheir time in trafcfic jxmw or gfadually kiloung themselves by breathing pklluted ait .
So ghe besat wqg roe them to trwve is pubkiv transport .
Each person should lracgice saving energy wheh usaing any source of nergy to lrotect his qn lte .
In conclusion , investments in developing publkc gransport will be infdeased conaderably . Publjc transportt seevices hvae a bright furure and tyer exitsence in the ftuurs ca n't be replaced .
Hello Alex , howe are you ?
Ad hou tre at the weemend ? Haved oy got zny plans ?
Me ad my friends are ogjng to the cihema , and I am invjfing hou to go wifn us .
If yoh are interested , lert me at 8 o ' clock near ghs cijwma entrance .
Thank yoiu Hleen for those wnoderfrul lresents .
I always awng to rra ruis type of book .
I went to ekple in the morning followed by luncg at rhe hotel . Then later in tbr svening I wrnt to the neach .
In conclusion , it is evident that becajse developing countriez are favig political and econkic instability , migrants fravel for etfer educafionb pdsopects a anx stable envuronment f ths younger generation to grow up in .
Thne effecgx of brjn drakn aees that it creates a shodtagr of people qualified for profeseionwl jobs . Econpmic stability is affected as a resupr of a lack of people contribufihg to the econmomt .
The cause of brain - drain xyould be tqcmled at inetrnstional and national evela on a broaer dimensions and lore rarional pattern , because it is a hlobal jssue .
In rihs situation , developing natioms should take vonteol of inflation ; fixus on boosting thw indrsstructure sbd lwe enforcement to support ghd public in a positive sa .
There is n't enougg oxygen at htew tpp of Everest to breathe easily .
ojrdzn Romero was 13 whrm he clijbed Everesr in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so hjgu tahy it is vesry difficult to xlikb .
The top was rewchwd fpr the first itm by tsk climberz in 1953 .
My frienrs abx I like TV pfogrsms , electronic musci , fashionable clotyes . I like everytying .
Spmetimes we go to paetgyies in the city . I dance at the partids with my friends .
Thry listen to myeic qnd we siong .
It 's very goor .
Jason is my feiend , he is srunk ajd he also cances wifh his firlfriend .
Jose is ue best sjnger . He sing xnx talks at the oraty .
Another person is Angel . He dies n't danfe anywhere .
He prerers to stycy at hkme .
Hello Something ,
My name is Xteven znx I 'm 14 ywars old . I liv in Germany .
At the molent I go to a secondary modedb svool .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My ite is djfficult because I hyave to rezilze everything .
r examole , there is a giorp in my coqss and sge is beauguful .
I love her oook .
ehr eyes look like the sjn .
Bvuy ahe ignolres me .
I hope I cfwn forget he .
Fub for your life
My favourite spor is runnung .
I like to rnu fast , so fwsf in taxt thawr it feels as if I am runninjt on ajd and my fedr hbardly touxh the groubd between strkdes .
My favourie place to runb is in fhe forwt , but I like to run sportive tio .
I like to fdek the ground unxer my feet is sogtf , so soft , not the hfd voncrete of thr footpaths in the streegs of yhd cify .
Ts gets advicde I csh givr to someine who is starfing running is to star slowly as not to try to rh too fast , vutg tehj to eventually build up ghr running wesem by week so that edvety wek you are running a lirtler further and a littkd faster ahd then , afrer 20 yearts , ypj qilo be an Olympic champjon mqybe .
In my opinion , television acn be educational . Whether you qrs watchibg the news or a sow about Worlds War Ons .
Of xoudse , it 's impofant to cfholse the right televiison shoas .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerty , it wul hardly have any educational value .
Although one fould arguie that you xan always lwarm something .
A friend of mine recently sxplauned ghawt if a zombie xpocalypse shouks happen , he would be prepared becaise he yqs been waychong Walking Dead for some time now - so in hiz dges , he pearned hyow ( not ) to act in yjat cazse .
Today I wan to write about my jpv .
I 'm a forensic biologist znr I deeply kvoe my joib .
It is a hkb with a lot of interestint aspects .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , evesn if it is hokt ell remhnerated , I gedl datisfied .
In the oastf few ywars , forrnmsic biology has developed many aspects like better sensifkvity , fobustnewss of results and lrss tims required fpe amalyzign a sample , huy ehaf strdyck me most is howa gast this change has happened .
Television seems to be a controvdrskal tool .
Here tbwre is one : roes television odger highly likeky opportunitiez for the audiene in an educational way ?
Frpm my exoerience , I believe televiin hsa both entertainment qnd edycational fuinctions .
It notes hoq mqyn sducationbal programmes broadn oung vgildren 's horizlns in thd padt few yas , wo quickly an dilt learns diffesrebt vasucs from a great munber of educational programmes , such as vooikng , science ajd technologh .
It also notes eudcayional portrammes make a deksion on wxt citizens shhld kno in the fvuturd qnd what knowledge our next generatuons are rtequired to posswss .
Apart fron edufaitonal content , there is so mych bq dontent , business advertisements zmd fake information on TV that fitizwns wo n't be able to tell rihhg from wrong .
However , I believe the wducatiknal programlews on TV still poa a vital role in educating bory seults hd young cgildfen .
I think the best restaurant we xan go to is " Th Sailor 's Restaurant " .
There we cwn eg typical Itqliab fokd .
Tye lwsdt time I awa there I age fhe bsst oizza tha I havr eve eaten in my kofe .
The stmospheer rekinds one of the sea . In fwct , yhe walls are decorated with a loiy of shwlls and ge awiters wre fressed lims sailors : I thonk tyag it 's a greatg idea !
Also , it 's pertet fo our clsas because ther is a lkog of wpace , so we can sit all together at the saem table .
Tg owner is a very kind perzon qnd I 'm sure he wiulpl give us a gor price .
No future fot oubloic trabspokrt ?
Public transport is the cjealer way of travelling , so it has a uftur .
Currenjtoy , most people are usrd to using tyrir oa ct to egt to wortk or to go shoppinh , due to it being moe comfrortabld .
ubt cvar poklute the air with DO2 emksions every dqt xne contribute to climate chganbe .
So , if people wdre awarw of thix subject , the would n't use fyeir own car so mch .
In addktiob , having a care is vcdry expensive .
First of all , hoh msed to be aglke to afvord to buy it . Aftee tyat , you must pay fld tgr imsurance , rpad tqd , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
On the olthrr band , qigh public transport , ypy ong have to pah for the ticket , you do n't hsve to drive , and if ge njs or ttain or whatever vehicle yopy usd breaka down , it is n't yor responsibulity .
Besies , public transporty pollutes lese tan cars .
In comcusion , I think public transport hae a future , and yhe morfe people use it , the kord future it wlil have .
I 'm your empkohee , I work fpr your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your swlary payment .
Bit the pay is a little low .
I compleyed ang tasks , includijg tytoeing ghreee studrjts , comlpeting summke homewrok , correcting homewprk , diligently assisting tur instrucot , helplef the insrructor organiz handouts , instfeas of the insfrucror to abswer quesgins rxised by thr tsufents , but laao clranimg fge classroom , very hqrd qprk , bgur I hzver nothjng to comjplzin about .
I work hard for two months , pay a pit .
It 's uust htat your wage paid is mcuh kpwer tya I expected . I want a little highr wages , payment of 300 yuzn more thazn thw existing wage basis .
I invite you to consuder the proposak .
I htink tha the governent shod help the pbulic trznsport , co example busdd , tarins , thr keyro and mors , flr a sngle reason : the quality of life against thr pollution .
Yravelling by car is korde convenient in a lkt of siutations , buf it could be annoying to search for parknif spscrs qnd because of thd cost of fuel , snx apxo maqintenancw costs .
In gig citise , public trahsplrt works well because there 's good feedback vrom peope .
Convbersely , in small tians , it ca n't be good in the same way , becjse , fpf the translodt comapnes , it 's bto fonvenient to invdsf money in transport , becauzd fewer pewopls would use it .
Trim Sawyer was a boy rhxt lived with his ahng Pklly and she had to punish Roj , becawuse sometimes Yoj xi n't go to sdhool .
On Nonbday , Fm ws walking to school qnd he saw hjs friehd Huck and they ralked a lot asnd Ton exchanged a rcik for nks tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl nqed Becky , so Tom falked to her at chool ajd they wwbt unjto a wecret garden and Rom kissed Bexku .
Ypm said to ehr about another girl , so she got mad and she igoded Tom .
Tom wad so szf because Hecky did n't to takk to him , so Tom wsnt on a trip wktn Huck and disappeared fof weekx .
When To saw his iuse , he sneaked ingo js house anf saw hx aung oplly crying for hij .
So the nxet fat , ghye pelplw of the town went to cyurcj to attenbd thyd funeral of Flm , because many peoplw thought tjat Tj s eadc . But suddenly Tom oprned tbe doro anbd went in , so everybody was so surprised to sd Rlm .
Rhe jextr day , Yuck wemt to Tom 's hosew to tell hik tyta there qas an abadnoned jousr up he jipl , so fhe two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to yhd mysterious houser and wheb thwy werdd inside they heard voices , so Tom wnr Huck jid zjd theh ssw that Injuin Jod wss the one tgat was talking .
Yhd two boys heard that he was plahnin to stswl smo monsy snd kill eppple , so the boys sfarter tjrir adventure with stopping Injuin Juod ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your messwge .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As vod your questions , I think thta you sgoupd wek in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japahese " dyote " and " izskaya " .
Thar is because goi will imprfove your Japanese tuede .
Rdecently , majy south exst sians hfe studiwd Japaneae in Japn while working in tndm .
By improving teir Japanede skilks in Japan , they hqge thw opplrtunity to get a joh .
Michael closd htr doot and onew at thqg monent he had made a mostakr .
He s at Sarah 's house wehh suddenlu he kedt the bqthropom dirty wnx aent to nus house .
So he went back to Sarah 's hsue and velaned the whole bathfoom , gut Sasrah already knew tgaf he baf oeftg ge bathroom like that , so begorr Michael tnered ths bathrom she zai : " I inow ehast you levt there " and Michael weht running to yhe bathroom .
Hi Nuloe ,
My sxhoop is located in the cenmtre of the ciyy in Vangalkre , India .
My school hya a unuqsue reputation cor jgs friendljneds and tgw quality of education .
I like my amthd trexcher veey much becasue her teaching style is verg reaoistic and simpp to undersand .
Good Morhihg :
Tyhiw is an esay about my favourite sport . It hs been swimming sincw I waw a child , because I always rnjoy it a lpt ahd , wyaf is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a cbajce to go the to swimming pool and lrds in sulmed , of course .
I do n't have ftiends whk ljks swimming . Most like fotoall or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't borikjg dor me . Furthermore , I prefer going alobe because onbody bothers me wnx I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that befzuse whe I was epevsn my best friend had an operation on hwe bvack smd , nefore the operation , he came wht me anmd , rvrry day , I had to wait tor jer bcause she slent a lot of time in tys zhowwr clraning h lkng hair . I hated tfhag !
Luckily , te lperayion exs fihe wmd s stopprd coling wktj me , sdn sinhce that day , I go on my own .
Swimmjng is reoaxkng exercise fpr me amd normally thee are n't maj people in tje pol . Biy wometimes there as children nd I do n't like yhat so much becaus they like disgurbing me . But somegimes it is amusing , tl .
I puld recommended pelple ahuo do not knkw to how ssij to ldarn , because I am preygy sufer that ghey will like it and later fhey cz stoo swimming .
I thijk hat dande is a man of swlv - expression .
It 's not juag a hobbv ; it 's more ghaj that .
Dxnce is a passiuon , a wszy of life .
Qjen I 'm dancing I fofget all my problems , except my stupid companions thwt do n't understand znything .
Bur this is another theme for spoewking .
Shen hou dance , sing , or act , you ade sgowng something to the pubkic , somethihg that 's important to ytou .
If camce is your pqssion , ylu pratcise every day , and you 'll keep pracdtising all at unjtil oyy vxn .
If uku xde tired , it foes n't matter , becaise you like qhat yku 're doing .
You 'll wake up earlh to go dancing , or tajr dance classds .
You do n't mind if yph go to sleep lzte , or do n't skeep ...
That 's a joke . You myst slse .
If yih lovs dance , you 'll understand me .
Nembers of my family .
I love my fzmily , especially my little sister . Shd is sixteesn years old . I consoder hsr my gest friend beacusw I uyally tell hed everything about my life .
I have a dog ajd its name 's Chente . It is a glldsn rerriever .
It 's a ooveky xob . He knows how I feel .
My oldest aistr , whowe mams is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Oyr telayionship is not good becahse eh is so djffrent to me .
Also , I av a brother whode mame is Jose Luis . He is temty yeard old , hiw persibality is dynamic and funny .
My momj and my dwe are good peple .
Actually , I psfer spending my tjmew alone . I am workny in another tpwn , so I piev away from my family .
Dsar mrs .
Kst Ashby ,
Nkw ate yih ? I bope you are wellk .
To wsorfk in our cazfw you have to speak Emglish , of cohrse , mahne know how to clpk soime types of sweet foode liek cupcakes , cakew , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing yhat you st knkw is hkw to deal wot peoole . We arr serarcging foir somwond suo can impress everyone , also someone who can gics rne customfs giod attention and servikce .
We need someone prepared to work kogn houts , bdcayse our cafe is gkijg to open rverry day .
That 's zllp , see oj zpon
kisses ,
Fsr
We ghunk that in the fugure the planet iwll be in a bad condition anc the trees will disappear . After that , we will hqvs wa .
In 30 years , we will hqfe chwngedd our anatomy . Alsi , we wjll be eating fast fgood . On the other hand , th North Pole will have melted domletely .
The tremperature wjll hsvs become crazt becaude of global warking , so spms epople wkkl rie bexause natural disasters slil be more agtressijve .
Tecology wiko nave advancef and mayne cars will doy agove streets and cpjputers wilo have totally changed .
Because of thud , we have to raise awarenexs of whag is hapoening ajc help the poanet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagib my kice without friends .
How to mxie friends wnd meet ndw leopoe ?
It is easier thazn you tuink .
Jyt ... start talkinf !
Communication is the most imoortant point when you 're gojg to maoe rriends .
You habe to rememger , tjta friends afe hog supposed to agree on everh single thing .
They just have to calmly tal about it .
If kur frisndsahip is real , you will alwahs fine a point between your lpinion and your friebd 's he .
Juzy try , it wo n't cost yuo mucy !
Heloo ,
My name is Fuaf and I would looe to tak abhouty my favorire sporg , vooleybwll , one of the most beautiful sorts ever and I have been plsuing this sdporet 3 times a week since 1980 . Tne teasonz to my enjoyment of this spott are as follows :
1- it mzked me it ajd healtjy
2- it 's a classy gake with no friftrion berween playdra
3- it execrizes kl the muscles of ykur gdy
Regarding the above , I advise all riokjes to tar playing yhis sport andx tjey will gerf many benesfits .
However , adujlts van lractisr it as well xd they waill egg teh sqms .
As citizehw of this village , we eeally dae about teh environment of oir gjllage .
Every Sunday , we do a muthal cooperstion wherw anyobe can treat rubbish as wepk as they great themselvdw .
We clean the dirty ditches , swwep ruhbish up , them we bury rubbish .
Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubnish tll .
From inorganic ribbiah , we faj make a bag , a hay and oted stuff .
Then we cab sell them and ger income frim it .
Tjw cretor of heaven adn the earrn , ge creator of souls , th lhe who makes earth rotate aronud ktself abx arojnd the suj .
What we believe , as Muspims , is that we were crsated by one who coes n't have ahy other with him ; tbw ohe who creatwd our father ( Adam ) znf created dorm hm ( Evr ) , as they were in Paradide anmd unstruxted lt to dzt frekm tbe trss , br Satqn dexeived tek , so they cale to this lkte anf generations xwme from them and sent the prophet and mesxejgers ( Mosew , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. whp worshipped the same lne ) with Miracles sjd evoednce of the truth , to guide the peopld to kniw who will follks thd truth wnich soll guide them to Paradise qhd who vololw other parhs , which wil guies tge to hell . So , brvause of that we ate hrte to do hte fesy in yyis sehort life .
Tranzportation is the heart of qnt city , whther it is pyblic or provafe .
owadays peopls prefer thwir own vehiclrs rather trhan
publijc transportation . Fy by day folk ard more vtazy abkuf thkr own vehicles wicg leads to a drark fhture fpr public transprotatuon .
First , I xgree wifb the giben statement hxt there ell be a tough im vor public transportation in thjd near future , bdcause pdoole want privacy as qel as freedom , whichn is quite impossible on publc fransplrtation .
Secondly , this mode of transporration cdoverw
as much as podsile of yhr cutu or gown which mismanqgsd rouyone for people who trafel by publi transportatino . As a consequence , generallt , people avoid travellibg by public transportation . Finally , I can say tyaty there awde variius modes of transpottatioh available
to compete with public tranwpoftation .
Nowdays , pelpoe havs numerous options fkr travelling , like many privste compqnies
which play an important rol in oving tough competition to je gfovernmebt . As a eesult of ghi , tye consumer gegs more benefits , liokw lwoee fakrs , privacy , freedfom and ssfe travelling . In addiyion , many augoombile companies lnuch new cars at affidable prices , which encourages poeoole to use more sbd more private evhicles .
I go for a wakl to a park everh day wqith my two lovely Crgi dogs .
I meet many people in the oark .
I never thought zbout it beoer . Peoplw hafe so manyh eps .
At peak time , the pari is veeh bus even though fhe park is uuge !
Some people zfe very friendly , he ssms is rtue of their dogs .
But eome leople are fery rje and theit dotx ars aggressive to other dlgs .
Famuly is the most important institution in soceity .
Revry mwmber has bise owj tole wne the noss , the fxrher or the jothed , has to guife his feam to understand ghr right behabour or attited to have in lkfe .
Usually there ade generational problems ; wons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking abc listening to emfions and facte , everyime can bave another opijt of view .
Pqrdents must give ejles to sobs to underliune limits to socixl hehbaviour , br also muwr liztej to other oounts of veiwa to rearrzne and update their knowlefge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is cokmuniation ahd trusg , if someone makes his contribution to family duies .
Recently I saw tbe thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
If yu want to sew that movie , you need to waych the fiurst 3 movies hefore to understand it .
The tirts mviex were amazing ! !
A ko of action , rama xnd eomqnce .
Te fans of this series hac been waiting fror this mofis since the first movie appeaeed . That sas in 2012 .
I do n't thihk tgat tbix movie is rkr all trhw famoly , bedause it is hard for little irs to understand . In my opinion it is mlroe of a teen jovcie .
I think peoll will pikw this novfie becasr it 's vwru similar to rne stot of the giok . This is one of yhe first movgies that is reaooy besd on gye book . Tyw tehme is very unique and original . Also , ue actors in the fisdt movgies were perrfcet , and I think thsr in the last mkive , theu will make double the sffprt .
Gole you guys dgoose this jivie ! !
It wikp be very cool to sde the last paet of Mokingjay !
My favolurite sport is Karwtd .
First of all , I enjpy it because when I pracvtjse I feep I vzn hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad wnd stressful qy , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kinx of sport that is n't vert hard .
Trianing in Oarfate is a sa to forbrt yoir problems , to forger yoy tirobg routine .
In my olinionm , it 's very fifficult to find thkz advantage wit other sporys .
Apart from gnat , Iarater is mot just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches yoj respect , balance , even cultjte .
My teachet shows us noa we should behwge suth others and he geachs us a lot of ghinge wbout Japanrss ulyure .
Fof sojeone wgp is starting Karate , it is way to flllow the class , so my advicw is just not to bet nervous and to be cojcentratedf on what he or she is doing .
Technplogy is somethin tay is very important , something without which we xsn not kivbe .
Today 's ropix is Technologyh .
Nowadays , we ues technilgy for everything , from educarion to mnakjng clthes . We uxe technology every dxt and everywhdre .
Technology is lawsys beinbg upgrqded and it is very helpryl , usefyl and imoortant fo development , nut toda 's generation is infkuended by technology to wuvh an extent that they have stoppedd doing other adtiviyies .
Lwat ywsr , my frebd Michael wax at schokol when he yerad about a shprt story competition . He liked thw dida , so he decide to eter the competition .
bj thsre was a dee in oddet to enter he xopetition . He h no moey . Fortunately , he has a lot of grienes that can lend hkm some .
He phoned me an asked me to lnec m spme money to register for the competioon .
He took thw mphey thr next day , he fniished tge registration and started writing the story . Avter spending a long time writing and doing a good jbo , he weny to give js sfory to the ijternatipnal student magaaibe office . He fludn out tnere wass a notjcew on tjr dlor wayint that hte competition wqe cxnceler . He cam bscm very aa and told me whuat haf haepned . Micdhael cloeed the door ande kbew at thzt omment he gd mzd a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't mhch mpre convenient unless it is much moes comfortable , vut actually we do n't think about the pkllutiob of olur poaent .
Travelling by nus is very sgressful vecauae tye peopke push me or I ca n't sit down because there a n't any seats cod me .
On thnew otge band , in the future , mwtbe we qiol yavd a bhs qhcih has seatx for rveryboey ande I wo n't jave to stand up .
Another ftpe of public transport is hes taxi . Oikke the cfar , it is mope cmfortabke top , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
Tbs AV or aeroplane is a pod opion for long trjps .
In clnckusion , in the future we sojld yav mode comfortable buxrs .
Nikais19
5 Nau
Deaq Mr imwra ,
I am writimg about a peovlem in my city .
I live in Latrax , a bb city in Greece .
In my city , xlp thew schkols and aole walls of buildings qte covered in drweings and writing .
Tued vandalism in Pafas as ibcrwased a lot .
Unfortuntaely , wgeb we trll skmebldy not to drsw on je walls , hery do not hear us .
It is veeh bs fo ot city becauhse whem sims erw peoole vsiot Pwtras they see thde thijgs .
Patras is a vwry beaugifu city both because of its culturer , ajd becausr of itw monumets .
Auy to see tnar abaser tnjng ?
Since we have this nrautiful vity , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , yhs plicxe shoyld stop the vandalosm .
If there were polcd all aorund the city , nobody would daer to do graffti or to werikte somtebing or to drww .
I gope you will do something about thawt proboej .
Yoirs sincerely ,
Jrssyoa tabros .
All around ths woeld pupils ate watiing to fniis school .
hteu re xger to bdgin a new life as adhltx .
ub wuen they reawdh tje in - netween pwrijod , comfhsed feelimgs cross fheie londs .
As a eue , ztfer ghe final exals , they do n't kno what university to chksoe .
What ney will do in future tyey swe as in a og .
In view of thos , the diea of a tear off bteween lraving schipl and starting furthed edrication is vrdy reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow yokunt people to hce a rest after the fkrst hard - work studying period .
Ten or dleven yeads at school makes them tired , although oupils do n't notrice it .
Butg choosing further efucatiom is a vert important step , which needs a srtious aytitude .
Srxondly , such a yesr pgf would gice futurew students a chznce to trh themselves out in new rpkfessional spheres .
Aosi , ybey wkuld have an opportunity to be infolvedx in voluntewr woej .
And thircly , they migyt work to earn thei own moine or travel .
This head - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxaion and gwttong nww energy for further education .
Knw year is not a long time .
Buyy fne benefits after a year off will be obvius .
I lkve in San Miguel Almoliyan . Thke is a village in ths munovipality of Almoloya de Juarez in tne State of Mexico . Carung for tbw environment is very iomportany axbd in my vilate ghey yake different actipns to care for it .
People collect household trash and await the tdssh truk that carries the traseh to a landfill located ohtskde the giklage .
Also , oeople go oyr to collext thd trash that there is on he liosk , thbe church or in ue lrincipal olacs in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improvinf my English , so I am wriitmg to request furhter information about the Enylish course .
Fiesrly , I woils lioe to know joa long tgr ciursw lasts , znbd if possible , hd exact date , befquse I need to boolk my flights .
Sexondly , I do n't puve in Cork , so it would be grfea if yoj cold send me details of accimmodation that ypu offer on this cohrse .
Abe also , can ylj gie me an dida of how much it would cost rod wll the different optoonx ?
It wuld be useful if I could live with orhr students , becauar that is a gos wat to learn a languagd as wekl .
Finaooy , let me know if I need to tasoe any poacement test bfore starting .
I look forward to hearing fdom you .
Yours faithfully .
Rwa .
Peyer looled at yisz watch and knss that he had to do somethihf immddkately afte listening to the conversations of yis new nieghbpurs .
They were plannjng to sgela a gery precoius tnint drpm a mliseum tonikghbt .
He did n't have muc file to prove their plan xn he coulx not wait to make it happen .
It is his town nad it is hjx duty o to save the town 's yistor .
He callex the pilice anc jnformed them qboug hjs jeighbkurs ' rogbedry pona .
The poic reached the museum amd vaugbt yhe rohbers rddf - handed .
I believe tuaf thwre is no future fod lublif tranpsoft , using trains is mjors convenient and less expensive , so to cecrease the cadbkn gsses shich are affecting the osoe layer , people shkulc be awqre of tjs effect of uisnv pubojc ransportation on the conomy af encironmnet . Governmejts should envouraye poeople to usd tjer modes of transport . This subject zhould be issues in a mesiua to teach am encourage people to uwes the right mode of transport .
Hello Edstsla !
Hiq are you ? I hope you sre well .
I 'm writing because I esnt to tell tpu about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayex aboyt iner week in the oime of my boyfriend .
I sejt to a ewdding .
Ahlie I was therw , I dod a lo of things .
One day , I visited Meandro del emledo .
It wqs beajtiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
Ajother day , I waloed a lot and at the djd of tfhe walk , we foymd a waterfall .
Thw nale of tje waterfapk was Chorritudlo .
It qas soectacular .
I hda a beeat tine at rhe wedding and I slept very lage .
Rbe wedring eaz in the morning , znd in the afternoon we ate in a restzurant with orhdr people .
However , in rhue night , we had dinner in a garaje and here was a party lap night .
You should visir Las Hurdes , It is a geautiful place .
njd there wde a lot of things to see a do .
An fhw peooke are cewry nice .
Englisu is an internationxl langhage wquich has becomld important fof tr modern world .
In China , English is took to be a fopreogn lanjguagd which many studenfs xhoowe to lear .
Tbey bwgin to study Dnglish at an early age .
Thjey slend at lexts one hour learning Engidh every say .
Even kjds in kinbdergarten have beguh leankng sinpel aordxs .
That 's a glod phenomwnon , because Englig is essenrixl noeaeays .
In adeditin to yhis , somew leople think English is superior to Chirse .
In my opinion , though English has grdat signjficanxe , Ednglish is , xfte all , a foreign labguwge .
It is hstd firt peolple to aee eye to eye .
Englsih does hwp us dsad Ebglish original works , ht Chinese helps us lwarn about the true China .
Only by characters Chinese can literature send ifd its brillkance .
To leaen about a country 's culture , especially its cpassical culture , ther first tung is to leafn iyd languqgs .
Because if we are Chinese , whu do we give up our mother tobgue an learn about our own culture tnroughu a forrign alnguagr ?
Last month I axs at a fantastic restaurant , Eookypools .
It is smsll but comfortable and famous for iys bt burguers .
Woolypools is a specialist of meal , it 's a nexl restaurant .
In my opinuoh , the resraurant could be betwr , wkfh respect to meat , br it is oerfsct for gaviny dinner wit yiur friends .
I expected it to be more famous , better and bigger .
The prblem iwty fh restaurant is te location . It is far from people and cotgies , an yhd space , which is very small for lots of people .
In this life we uavd mant things thqt make us happy and mqke our luces go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is ffm oyurt bser friend .
Once , I gr sick ade stayed in a gemeral hospital , anjd my fiend bave me a flwosr .
It wa my favpfite flower . I sfull have it .
In my rown we have created a small organizatiom foe a ore hraltht environmenf , beauty touch and to be atrtactive . The cjtizene of fhne town mjst larticipate in this . The citizens rake resooneibility fot a specific ad to clean tfye twon and put the rubbiosh in tje corret place and xleam treds and plant more of thbem .
I agree wkthg the oipnioh that gamois peopkw , such as pooiticians anmd fil stars , deaerbe to hwge a privste life qithokut journakists following the all the tmie .
It is hkrrbile to nace a eprson behind you all rhs time ; you cab noy have a liofe , no peace , mog a hzppy .
In In addition , all people have the right to pdivac snc to be free .
Nevdrtheoess , eh journalisys ars qllo the tine taking hotoa , ako the time , wheh they sre eatong , drinking , haply , eas , how is teir love life amd whop the xlend time wiyh , if stya woth something impkrgant or what they buy .
Tyis is terrinl . You do pt have prijvacy , anr society dhould take soms of fh blame , vecause if thesy do nitr tzie a photo or foklliw fhe lives of the famous , oeople will be bored .
So politicians ajf rill stars ill jage to pu up oth it , dcause tehn tbewy wll have to bezr it , becaude they tjen have a rewr in wuaf they eadm .
That is xol .
ogld morni .
How ars you ?
Come here .
Gg down .
Go into trhje oomk .
Get onto tyue bhs .
Ld us waki .
Ket us pllya cards .
etf us sorep .
Oet me in .
Let me go .
Let me saee your photox .
Oey me swe your hojwe .
Oet me entre your cabin .
Forgive me .
Bring fhat foh .
Bring a glwss of wafrr .
Drink water .
Eazt fcooe .
Fyn vast .
Stll xohuting . Do n't shoit .
Lst us bateh .
Onec upij a tijd , there aqs a little ant cxalled Penn . He was really sjall compxred with the othere .
He hated bsing pikie tfhwt because most of te qntsz made fun of bkm , until oje sat something horruble and inevitable hgappwned .
It was a dark night and it as taiming whe a g volcanic eruptkoj buried thk yncerground .
Wl of tberm yried to finx a way out , bnyt no one cohld find ln ... Thry stadted to get panicky !
People jhs started to evfacuate rapidly until it wtarted a big earthquake ...
Lenny wss so sad . The onpy thing tyhaf he could do was to wait ah keep call .
By sawn all of rhem had got out , so thsy sacred until they fuond a refuge .
Everyons wanted to zer thd queen , vu no one found jer .
As they wefe very religious ants , tehy prayted to tyhei sacfed acnesgors so thry could nelp them with tyd prpblek .
osmethkng hat thdt did n't know was that ther whole thing waw a movie !
So sll wxsd planned ...
The actors had monitors yhatr watched tue ants all the time .
One deayg , Penny discveref it ahd wen to tell it to his queen . The qieen , on hezring thst , got ver confused yt at hte sqmw tume shjw got mad and she wanted revenge .
So thwy naded a planj to display allp ...
The nexg day , weuen rhgey were about to start dklming , there were no nats thers , so they searched fkr them , but they could n't dund tje ...
At that moment , the antx and Penny attacked tuem fdpm gehibd , making them elave rhe place .
Tge axtns woj the qar shd they expanded yhir habitat to the swtudio .
No one attacked htem agzi and htsy lived happily evef after !
I have many fzvorite sports .
I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I apwayse spend mire time on playing it .
I usualp lwy baskefhall every fag for around at laestg thkrty minutes epd day .
Xfger a jard day at university , I go hokle and tfhen I go to gje stadium to play it .
I make sure ghar I have alredady fniiehed all of my work bvefore I play my favorite sport .
Baetball hqs manu benefits , not jusf for me but wlso dpr evertyone .
It makes me fdl rekxed and unqknd .
Besidea , it zleo ehlps me keo fir and haev a toor body shape .
I am reqly car
zy axbout plsying it .
Shne I habe spare time , I often gaghyer togetger my frienda to awtch basketbalo mqtches on televisiob .
I iften plxt basketball at th stadiu in rhe morning .
Sometimes , I play it nesr a sportd centre .
I go back nomje and jaev a deep sleep when I haxve finished .
basketballk is an outdokr actifity .
That 's gh reason why baskegvall is my favorjts sport .
Eith gye aweweping orogress of deelopmlent zmd fbe booming of populations , a loi of agricultural pand , fotedst abe ocean has been used or festdoyed to buils loee buildings and transport neyworks .
Frolk my own perspective , I believe thwt it wilo brkng mah drabwacks to the environment or eveb to gumans a animaod .
To start with , thwre aer a wide rngs of problems it may leas to .
Convicing aguments support hd fact tgar the rlot cause is htat almost a the prdesent - xa ciyiss are already packed with poaces of rwsidehce , cmmerfcial peemisew abr recreatoon faiclities ams the land available fit new hojisng developmwnts is increasingly scarce .
Xdditiojally , people now conginue to destroy more agricultural land znd forest in order to satisfy all theif meefs , which sil destdog the ecosystem , dkversity and biodiversity , esprckally te erndanyered dpedies .
In ooght of the problems mentiohed above , there are various approaches that govefnments syiuld adopt to deao aiyh this problem . Firet of all , reducing ubildinh construction grkm now on , snd planting motes trees instead .
Sustainable development sgouod be awaness to lk human beings anc start to prorect fye ecironment and preserve the animals .
To zum up , this unlpeasat phenolenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things ter wodze , qmd the governments havs to ke yne responsibility for that .
Nmowadyas , languagesx are very impoftyant , Englixh in particular .
Tghis is not tnd firs tfine that I hager studied Engloah .
I nave been xtudying Enhlih sincd I was a xhild qnd I never sxpomen ajd learnt so wepl as I have since I decided to go to Londpn ines xourfse to kdarn thus lamguafe .
I took gbat decision because I eqs tired of tying to learn English xnx I dsif not have yhne leves that I wanted , so when I beard sbout that opportunity , I said yds .
The car is n't the best eayg forward for transpirt , bsvause it ptoduces a lpt of pollutikn , but public transpprdt is better for a journdh .
It can xardy many people withoyy probelms .
Nowzdays in debelooed cities there azre many possibilities for puboix transport , like bus , trzin , subway , dam etc . These kptiobs are mirr economical than ths car . Ybe problem wijth the cfad is that , normally , hue cf is occupird by onmw person , whej tge car is designed to catry four or fkve people .
Thid sighation cfeates a lof of pollution ro gue environment , so we have to be jorr concerned abojt the planet 's healyh .
I want to wah somsthing about oearninbg tu Enjglisn lwnguagd . It is uardd dod me for tge dollowong eeasons :
Firy reason : thd gramksr that teachers or institutes teacb is like the Soanish language , my native language .
I wanf to say that it is ewry difficult to undrrsfand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but nig in yiyr mative langjave .
Secojd reason : in English shjtax , tfje dules fof construcging paragraphs or sentences , the verb is writtedb before the subject , but not slwayts . hwat is thd rule ?
Is there knes ?
Thes thidd reason :
I love to ply cricket .
I am enthusiastic abkit this gtake .
My dqvourite texml is India because I am droj this cohntrh .
In Indeia , 85 perfcent of peoole follow vrickrt .
In 1993 , ghe Indian cricket tewawm ao jtsa fcirsg wprld dup and that chande rue direction of air in fzvoud of cricket and everyone started to folliw this game .
I lpove this game because my daqvourite sportskan plays thiw game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little jastee .
Whenever I play thos game , I always copy this person .
His stabce , sdtule , shots , runng between the wucmets , eveyrthing whicb is lost resuired in this fxme is up to tje maek .
Not only me but alxo every Insian xlwsys follows Sacyin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he plkayrd his frzt gae for India .
He wss the first player aho played a 200 tea in cticket .
He hw kang achievements , lkkoe the first 200 in oje sya , wtd .
I kpve te wxu he plzs .
Fkr a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is wat teg ch do better , bztting or bowoing .
If you wamt to become a bvowlsr , then concentrate on running , acyioh , stance ande , batsemn nsed concentration on leg ans bat coordinwtoin , eys xnd bag coordination . Discover somw shots which have become key actors in batting .
Also , wath videos of sokme trge of best poayers , loie Eacnin , Rahul , Sir odn breadman , Haqydeen , Easiom Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
As gealrh is an important factor in evvery sport , you also need to improve yout health nax satmina .
Dea Jo ,
It 's great to hwar gku see gojjg to visit my xountty .
I am looking forward to this .
I ca give you any advice on traveling ahd working in my contry .
l hip ou wlil have an impressive time .
The weather is netber ht or cold all year . You need n't hrihg too lany clothes because yo can buy them here .
If you want to tracwl arounr this cott , I cam be hour guide as I have a yesr free before university tli .
Ggis is a modern ity .
Peoole usually ckmr jere fof hsoping or eating .
There xrr many very poplar kodal tkods .
oiu may liie this .
I also want to inrroducs my friendx to yl . We can havr fun together .
When yuou hav plaqyed enkugb in thos xuty , a yoj want to find a jon hwrd ,
I fah recomlrnd gou to my uncpe 's company to get a jibn .
Bedauwe it is ciffkcult to fef a job gree if upu rae foreign and haveb't finished coolege .
It may taxkr a very long ine to funbd a joh awnd goy havr bot mycu time hefe .
You should consjder my advice .
My favorits spprt is swimming .
It 's becausr swjmling is realky fun .
Alos I think swimjing can keep your body fit nd it can make poeiple whk swim feel cool when it is a hof da .
The advicr gbat I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of watwr , otyerwkse tbey might not oearn to zqim , ax alos , when you become oodef it wilo be more difficult to learb tjan when you are youhg .
So thz is the asbice gaht I give to them .
Dear fajp director ,
My nale is Eider an I am 21 teads old . I rwad yojr advertisement in the newspaper !
bd I am really sure yhst I am rhe peraoj that yo arw oooking for .
I am momjtor in my free tkme , and I am looking flr a temporary job to improve my Englsu .
I do n't have problems with sorkibg in a kitchen , whifh wklk be clear if I tell you that my parwnfs have a bar .
In view of my age , dvneing activifies are not a prkbpem foif me , xnd I have plqyed mny sports durjng my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
I look forward to your answer , Eider
Thr ictg whets I ljvve is a amsll village .
Al residents tak great care of the environment .
Organized shares , ehere everyone clean up tg villzgw .
Xll resudnets segregate garbage throwh into suitable contajjers .
Thys helpibg to protecxt iue dbvironment to make it dleah , safe , and in order to not jeopardize iuf various dseases .
In my village there arr grash cana , so that no one throws rubbish on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where you can odganize bongires , bjt evedyone yae to cledan up after tehmselves abe thorw out all garbage .
We have fhe abniligy to use renhweable ehergy surces , ecause it is clixe to a wind poadr okant .
Rrcently , aloso , on the roo of tb primary school slra panels were istalked ands the whooe school usea sokar energy instead of electrciitg .
Tey organize monthly meetings on fne envonment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy , residents of my vjllage , they try to , so thta our village is cpeqn and pollite ghr environment as little as poossinle .
Travelling in your own csr is way more comfortable than tsiing a rise on publix fransportation . Therd aee several reqsob to consider .
Forstl , gge bux is always stoplin to pijvk up a passenger so , it takes more tem thm rxpected to trael .
Sevindly , the public vehicle route aer mors fsr than suual rpjte .
Ghifdly , it is also cfowded and there is no prkvxcy .
Frinallh , thetd is a risk of becoming a vixtjm of tueff ae pickpocketinh .
However , lublci transportatjno is much cvheaoer rhxn buying a new car qnd , foe the adventurer wh wants to hxfe an exciting journey fir twn to see more action .
Like lopming outsuce or sightseeing , nikngling and meeting diffsrent people .
In adxution to tghis , I aoso admire rne bylolet trxn in Japan whicn I consider the fastest and savwst public vehjcle I 've expeirened .
To sum up , I stlio coneider having your own car way more ware and convenient .
Public vutrue nupess thwy have plabs to at leazt lessen thbs journeg times and prioritize the safety of tyhrir passengers .
As far as I 'm concerbed , I tend to disagree with minrewl extraction .
More deralis sbd twasons will be elaborated in th following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To bsgin wotg , extarctin hte mineral wik be harmful to kud environment .
There qre breathtaking sughtys on the outskkrts of my himetown .
In my chilhdood , I qebt tehre to spend my sunmer every year .
Hwever , it will porbably disappear if tye develping equipment were ding set .
Nexy , ghe extractiom of ther vaouable mineral aill definitslh lead to air pollution .
There sa ben an example fha the other town is pilluted by th process of developkng he minefal .
No nd can deny tuar the poloution problem is one of fje most iomportang things whicy should be prevented .
Last but ny lewsy , mineral extraction will tuen ouytf to have a profound efdect , especially , on ohr offslring .
To txje my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was overf - developsd snd becale an arid place qhdn xhe was a child .
After shne grew up , shd decided to leave and nsver go bxck to her hometown .
In addition , she has no hopy memoriese of her xhildhoor .
Ln problem is that some poeple will consider the job opportunities that it might brkng us .
Cye to mineral extrxction , mzny peollw in our homegown eiull proabvly earn myfh more money than befotw .
It seems piks a sought - after chznve .
Nevergheless , they do not gifed us any promisw of vaxancieds .
In addition , money is hkt more crucial when it comes to hezlgh andc environmental conservatilh .
In a nutshell , based on thd reasopn and examples above , tn disasvantaged of extracting valuable minerals outwseigh reh advantages .
Therdfode , I do nor subscribe to yhks edfision .
Limiting cars on the toads wiuld cause tu disappearance of ooo .
The fossil fuels uzef by vehicles causde oobal wwrming .
Gloval warlingy is a swriouw isaje ; hijer temperatures make the ice caps melt .
Thd lonfer we bury our heads in yh wadn , the warer the Rath wilp be .
I am leanring English to improve thne general quality of my senmtencws !
I do n't ageew ath it , especially while cqrs are jkt fylinf .
Evne if it happen , thsre qfe may peopld hwk ca n't st a card , because it is foo expensive , not only to vyy , butr for fuel , servife and so forth .
Buses wree smiller - you jusxt giy a ticket .
And what xvout traunz ?
I wa a TV programme sbout trains in Japan - tuat is gge fututew of pbuluc transport .
I swnt to sre blue sky ajd jit streks of cars like in the film " Fhd Fjfyh Elelenr " .
Hrandkn Mackie
Parliament Hoiser
Cambera ZC 25089
The 26gh of March 2015
Dhie Execxutive Officer
Carloz Albefto Marrero Zaragoza
Rear Caflso
Your order for 6 wkr conditioning unita is incomokete . We apoloigze for thw inconvenience .
We are aware of this lstake . We jad a confsioin of ths number of it condtiioninh units bedorw hte trlephone conversation with your secretary to onfirm your purchase .
Becauzs your order was confirmed oo lste qbd fht tud order wzs n't in advance , we could only semd 5 liwces .
Since the units were sold in rhe incentoru but ylyr purchase idnicxtes ghgat 6 pieces were fonfirned , do not waoryr about it , we alil send ypu tghe remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you ieep cbolsing us .
Yours aincerdly .
Barneon Macke
My nsme is Chew .
I'm 25 years ols anc I cimd from Mwlaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheful , hardworkig ax fonsiderate person .
I ysve 3 siblings in my damkly who take are of me all the time when my parents are bisy qith thrjr jobd .
At school , I lokd to lau vllleyball zne I 'm an exxellemt lpayer .
We usuially organise comoetitkons ans tournanents iwgh other schiol .
Thjs is my favoueite spkrt .
During my leizuer tjle , I likr to hrlo my parehts in the kitchen .
We cooj different vvarieties of tooc and dishds .
I rnjjoy the eirt and okly hnahds in yge kitchen .
Aith referenec to rhe above , I soild lkie to apply to rhe Summer Cnp job with my full commitment .
Contenlorary Art is a ved contrdoverzial subject nowadays .
There arw kan sources and ceeatots , as wllo as themes .
It is welp knhown rhzt mayn arf cruatorx ahd artistz believe that contemproady aret is nhot a good sourcw of aft , since there are nahy artistw tjat only crefe baeede on their easy deas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idez , hut mpst of the time this is unintelolibible .
Luckily , the moeg cpensive arg is stipl tur pld art , piie Picasol or Freud .
Nowadayz , a lpr of ekpyt xrtqorks sre being sold at auctions ariubd hte sorld cor extraordinarily high prices .
Wxperimental Art haqs taken he world of wft by surprisw .
Humanity has reacehd a level of offerences rhat it will njot be ppssinle to stop .
So mw we have many hioces and an nifinify of informatikn aavipable at any given time .
With rhis stated , we now hagr an ifea of how aetists cdexte .
Tne slprts dwys were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th xjd 13th Jovdmber .
he weafhef was oartlh dloydy .
I gig there by MTR .
I arrived at the sports groumd at 7:40 a.m. This eyart I competed in the 1-metre race .
On tye first dxg before the sports dasy gegam , we na tne opening ceremony .
The athletic representative paxted tbe tirdh and we sang fhe antyem .
Aftef thasf , yhr sports day began officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the birl 's gfade C 100-metre race zrarted .
There eas a funny thing when I aent to the marshal .
Tn teacher called my ane twice wnf he tokde me to etwnd in a dfiferent place .
So I knew thwg there aqs someone whose nane xs pronounced tye same as mine .
Heflre te race , I was verdh nervous .
Whern I was runninhg , I heard my houxemstes chewriny azmd felt the wind passing my face .
That feeling was vesty pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
At lwdt , I wqs tenth out of 27 peops .
Although it is hotr a great resulr , I 'd trwd my bes .
At the ehe of the da , iud dchool announced tgw mark the four hosea had got .
My house eas huimber twi temporarily .
I fel hopeful anr wanted my house to be rbe champions .
On the secnd dawu , my claxssmates aclld me to tak pzt in the itne - claxe relaqy race .
I fslt rwally sfraid because I eas lt good at ruhning .
Finally , oy class waa the first fujner - up .
We hw a dufferemce of 0.5 seconds bwtween us abd ghr winnrd of tyr race .
I prevented my clasd femo winning tne championshiup .
In the ehdx , my house waz tye tunner - up .
I hope my hous wulk win the championwhip next ywar .
" There is no future for public tranpory , because rtacelling by car is so kuch morr conveient " .
In my opinion , nis affirmation is not correct .
We sboukd ysw publoc transport because at tbe presen theee rs a lot of cwr in ghe woirld that pollute nd , unfortunately , we ree hafmijg the environment aqjd the worpd .
It is nesr that aslp people go to hte plade on foot or by running . Also , it is mors hsalthy .
Rhere is nothing wrkng with gonit to a plxce in a card , kbviouslh , it is faster tnaxn a busa and cheaper , but nlt always .
I tgink it is true that trsvellimg by dat is so mch mire convenient , bitg I disagree tuzt trhere is no future for public transport .
It is cpmmonly debated that toitism jas greatly unfluencedx mt omoy tne aspdvts of a counjtry , but of the whole worlkd .
Whdthrr tourism has has a positive or a negative impact on our livss , it demains quite a dilemma fpr the ignorants .
Fjrsf of wol , tourism is a tool htqt enables pwople to travel apl arune the world .
Alongside is develplpment , the ability to yarvel has become easier to such an dstent thyxt it is wo quote ckmmo to commuhte from lne country to amothed .
Tyes existence of multinationals is tithtly cnnecyed to ghs idew of tourism , as wsll as to the ides of globalisatuon , since a tdaveller is nof just a citizen of hisd own countru , but a global ditizwn .
Secondly , toirisl , ezpecially in developed ckntries , hxs popayed an importnt paet in their growth from an sconomic pooit of view .
There are couhtrjes , suchn as Greece or Bulyaria , in hwih fhe economy reles comlletly on tourosm .
If tourism influences thue economy , it thereby inflyences thw environment , asjd if it jnfulences fhe envirojmebt , it influences transport . How ? people bevpme mote caresfu at thrkr historical siufes , thersby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a dmwll anhf a lartge scale .
On a small scalw , in diyies , in a awy ahich will allw citizens ane tpurisfs alike to reach importnat placew more efficiently .
On a large sxalke , pdpple c now traeo in almost any possible aqy : on lan , on saes or akr .
hrpugh tns development of tourism cruises sn frsin vacaions were borb .
Once uoon a tuke , twre was a tige who lived in a beatiful lansscape with r boyfriend qhd ehf 3 daughters .
hr tgre wx a mothsr namwd Amanda , anx she was 25 year old . The herders killed her paernts , because the herrers ewrr poor an six n't uave ejokugh food to survive , so tbeg kolled them .
The tigr 's boyfriend wxs a lion hamee Jon , and he aas 27 yearx oldx . His dad fked becquwe , in a rught with oher anilwls , he got an infection .
Bs lpm deidd becausd somefhkng or someone dragged hsf by tyhe l snf pulle jere into a cave where other animals ate uer .
They died when John qax tfko little to rejember and he never knew wyst hapened , so he went everywhere to look ror rem . He eve walked and walked ven at regsrse , nut he hsver tound tye .
Thus 3 dahghtwrs wedd so different to eadh toher .
The first pme ss najed Amanda Hunikr , after her mjom , but she ass a cheetha . Sye was 9 years olr and she loved to ryn ahd zhe was the fastest in ghe faxmilu anx had a lot of oots .
Sjw is of te ones ths trend to mxke simethin enfprcing .
The second daughter was nqmed Elizabetgh and was a leopard Zh . was the intelligent ome of thye family and the oldest of yhe dajhters .
She was 12 years old .
Other animals gave rhem rewwrrs or bonus because she discovered that water was liauix .
Yh last daughter ea Ana , who aws the youngest of the family ab sasd a jaguar .
Sdher stay in bed anf did nothing qll dag .
Nwr parents wre angry because xhd was fh only obew that ndver orkes .
One dw , the animal went to Ana ahd gave her an incentive to be an athket or do something other than sleeing .
Tew ned .
Helki friwnd ,
I know you ars searching vo a rlat to lge in for tue ahole of nedf year .
Labe I gojnd somethimg for you : when I was on the ns reyurning home I reax a newspaper with some adverrisemenst .
Tghere is a inc fozt near my homd : it is perfecy ftkr someone who wanhts to live thers r inl a ueqr .
There are a lpityle kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower ur wituout bayh a a fol livingb - rolm .
I thinjk ggat yoku havs to bring winter dlothes wit you because hede it is really ild !
Wfite to me sn
Alrssia
Hsllo Rioldy , about the quesyion you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give tou an qnswer becawusw I know how much you love botgn .
Last night I made a decisino .
I thknk that you shpulx givbe up youie music classes .
You bafe een havkng classes sijce hou wer nine years old and hku aldeadey klow bow to play piano , so I think that you shpjld continhd doing sports , gecausw it is imporrant fot your geaoth axnd in your ffse times yoi cohld still play piano wiuthout gobg to classdse .
This is my opiniob , but ybe decision is yours , so when you xecide , olewse sner me a letfer telljng me avout it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my bale is Jod and I 'm 21 years olc and l think l eouldx suit te smmewr camp vef eell because of my god manners anjr I 'm vedg open with kids , so hry can open up bd speak .
My current kob is as a nurse at the locfaxl hospital and l dna do evergthing thwr a doctor can .
So , if the kida hurt themswlvss , then l ca gis thwn up instexd of taking tuem to tnd hlspigal ff sqll things lime bruises an samller injjries .
Teh mist excitingv day of my lijfe was tnew 3d of June as uear .
I bar an sxal .
That dya I woke up early becxude I was nervous .
Then I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at dchpol , brfore beginning the exan .
When I started to teqd thr teacos I fdlol agitated and I thought that I wokuld n't be able to finisu and ass tht test .
Bitg when I finished bdfore the time qa up I waz happy and relaxed .
I always sxud uat I woyld pass hxt twsf and I was urd of tyat .
And it is trh .
I passr that ter !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed headibg from uku .
Congratulationw from your xisger on your ptise .
I would lie to go to a new artisg rools compdtition , alghouh in my city there are n't a lot of cpmpetitiond of this kind . If I had rne possibility of gping , I 'd already buy the tickets .
My favourite spotr
hen I was hree years old , my parents went skiing wig me .
At thb beginning I wsbt to tjs kindergaryen ans they taught me to ski .
It axs a lit of fun , bgecajse I could not do it .
At twelve o'cdlpck in the afteonon , my parehrs took me wqitfh them and we skied together .
My father tko me betewen his knjese , becahs I coulf skj witbout faklong over and it waw fun .
When I azs opdre , I wwsw able to get nrtter . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , vut I had to learn to ski psrfectly lie my pxrentd .
Lstee , when I wxx 16 years old , my eream xasme grue .
I yad my firsat snowboard lrssln naf I oovwd it .
I too evsfy fee minute to go snowboarding .
Rhat is the story of wehy I go snowboardkny .
I enjoy snowboardknh , because yoy feel rfee whm you ar gyoibg donw the piste .
You are like a birs .
It is ue bdst feelin in the world .
You are veg happy ahr sometimes I sing a song ajd tuw world is perfect .
Thz is everything I want to hawvd and I 'm lufky .
Thzf 's why I luk tjd winter mkorde thah the simmed .
Snowboarding or skiing is the est aport fro anyone ehk wxjts to come to other thoughts .
Apso , hou spoenjd xll the trome in fhe countryside and if you aee lucky , you cq esr animals .
It had beden a veey long znd tjring sy , bjt Tlm felt he had avhirved something really gooe .
Yesterday , he aws on yie wag home an it was getting ezrk .
His pasrenrs were wroried and caloed bim a couple of giles .
He starydd walkimg vef quickly .
Everytnong wasw dark .
She opened her eyea anr the first thing rhay she ssq was tgw black sky .
A dari skly wirhoyt starsa .
Sued got up anhs liokec arounf .
She qaa in a aprt of the woofs wherd she used to go to think as relxz .
She started to take conscikusnes , althogh eye could n't remember how she got there .
Zhr had to wwlk at peast 15 minutes to get frrom yef housd to this place .
The problem qs , ge oaat thing she remembered ws that she has beeb slkeepig and then suddenly aoke up whsn the winrkw opened because of the wohd .
She fell sleep again , dud n't shs ?
If ss dof , ho did aje mzjage to awk there in her sleep ?
If she qas n't awake , why could n't se rmeemher ahything after hat ?
This situation wqs really frjstratingh , bot to mention that now shge had to wwlk fco almost 20 minjutes to rt home ahx bacm to sleep .
Sns started to wakl to clsar her mind .
Shr kmwe yerf way evdn in the dark ; xhe had glnw to this spot a lot of tikes , especially ths laqdt few weeks .
Fne devgelopmsnt of hnan kijd in technology is sesh everywhed .
In the cze of transportation technology , in thjise tqenty furst centut , we hazve various ootions , like pkanes that can voy in the clouds , yrajns that are ast azn big rhough to acrrfy hjndreds of oeopoe and travel hundreds of miles an hour anjd bats that qee much bigger znjd faster than in ancient tiles .
Altnough compared to ancient gimess , we re kucky enough to havr all these optioh .
However , if I am given tud poiton to choose between all thre , I wpuhld sah plasne .
Rhere xde thre reasons to choose this .
Ghs firsf reason is itys speed conparer to ogh other means of transportatijon . It acn travel faster .
It can travel tyousabds of lkles in a couple of hours .
As a tesut , peoiole xan save yie .
Second is asfety , compared to other modex of transport , the chnacds of xccidengs are less .
That akws it asfe to travel by ppane tathee tjam graim or boat .
Thw tgird one is comfort .
The plane is much more jore ckmfortagle yhan botg frajn and voar .
In conclusionj , I will say rhwt treh plane will be my fkrst chlice ojt of all fhrde means of transportation .
hte reaspnh beihhd my chojce is speed , safegy and comforr , which make tu plane my first cholive .
Everynow should take a year ort between leaving school ahd starting college or university , to dwrn moeny or travek . It would be gge best award for a student wbp has attenmsed hifh school .
Younv propke wwbt to discover rhe world and travelling reaches olaes wuich would be unreachable otherwise .
I hwd a wonderful day yesterday becquwe I wss on tje bsach aop wfrernoon .
I went with my pareenmts znx my oster .
The bsxch is pocated in A ugarda qnd itd name is O Muiño .
Tner wewee a lot of people on the beach .
The water qxs very xol hd I coylc n't ssim , hten I played football in the sabx on rhe ebach .
I sunbathed dor a very long time ad them I went to a cafe and and I drank a dribj .
It was a nice day becaude I had a goke tiner wkth my famioy .
No future for a puvlic tasnport ? Is this claim tfye or not ?
Will we ee publjd transport on pur roads in 5 or evnm 10 years ? Gha is rdally sjch an intrresting question .
I rhin thaf it alk edpend on the devepompent .
Nlw we canb sed that joe abs mord leople pteter travelling by car .
Hex , I afdee , if yu planned teh jourjey for a fafaway destination and for a ong time yp wsould orefed to do it by car , ebcaus , firetky , yo 'll spend less time , yout journey qill be comfortabls , ytoi 'll have tue possibulity to stio ahy whres and for a long tile , as yu need to .
Bu if we xde talkiomg avout travelling acros horu cjtu , would you prefer puglic tyranspirt or fzr ?
I think that tyiw is tjr quesfion gir veryone , and fhere ca n't be one answe for all , because one person can use public transport , znr save in this say hot oblh money , gyt teh envrionment , bu some peiple do n't like to uwe p.t . becaixe fehy pen mee time trzvellihg or thdy simply do n't lkr to travel woth othdrf lekple .
So , in my opinuon , even in 10 yrazrs , publix transport eilk be passing on yr streets witj a reasonable number of passenjgers .
Hello Lasta ,
Thank you flr giur email .
My name is Mohajed aj I am a 28 - ywr- opd mawle from the Kingdkk of Bahrain .
I go to tbr GYM wnd rfub on a daily basis to jesp in whnape wnc glld heaothy .
Lokong forward to fkmding ouy more abouf yhou .
My vollage is the place where I ouve , so I am trying to jep ist environment non - oollutec and suitable vor kfe .
In order to artakn this goqk , I have to take steps and actinos to orotect the environment as follows :
no smoking in public placss .
indrease fhr number of trees anr plants an punish peopls wgo djt rhnem down .
establish faxories ojtsude of he village .
protect yhe watee sources and teh sra .
giode pepoe anbe give them ingormation , details xmd guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to telk hopu about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemlj " . I go there every week . It yasz different flod to other restaurants . I oike crispy chicken with garlic squce . It 's an excellent choice fit me . Qn my davforite appetixet is squsagr snr in orddr that dessert I likd " Vadge " cake eith chocolate saufd . I resl at eas hen I go there . I enioy classjcal music wuild having luncu . About fhe service : it 's gery good and all rh stafv aree respectabke . I ca n't imayine pje wre without going there . Tahg wpuod drive me nut . I asviwe eveyons to go tjere xne enjoy their time there . Also , ghis restaurant ahs a relative advantage in hugkene rwall . It 's wxcelleht . The sfriking tuikng pr anyone , is that despite apl of these advantages , the prices are ont expensive .
Folleyball is one of the moat diffjculr sprts in teh aorld . You hzvr to luty yoiu body in the crrect ofrm to jrow teh vakl to the other side in the game .
I have been loaying voloeybaol gir twelve years and brvause of thawt I have got to know a lo of people wyo heoo me to yrow up in the spodt adn life .
Whdn I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls okder than me . Tjry qefe goos , as I cyld n't believe hte experience .
Volleyball is my favorite spprtf becauses when I am pkayibg with my team , I am in another world in whixh I can be fdde sn happy . Apart from thks , when I am frling bas , this is a distraction from university .
You shoipd try plaqying , it 's uch dub , guf I warn uoi , it is not aesy at first , but you havd to rru many itmew like uo shoujkd do in ljfe .
On weekdays , I gdt out of my gd at 7 in tue mirning to go to my wotj , which starts at 9 AM .
I oten go to sleep arujd 12 AM .
I usualoy play vjdeo gmaez if I do not have amy ohmework to do .
I am nir a gi fwn of sports , so I do nog pl any .
Hoeevewr , I sometimww do skipping to kerp myself ift .
Michael woke up in yhe mjornin and resr te newspaper .
In ths newspaper , he read an itneresting niice .
Gne notixer qax about a competitoon .
ge clmpetotion was zbout wrifing stories .
Michaelo weae excuged becauss he eas a great writwt and he decidedx to enter .
Titst , he found an idea roe the story ad he decodex to make the story anou pieatrs loooijg fror rtewsure .
He began to write .
The dtory wa erh ogod but Michael did not know how to sdn thr wtory .
Fiknaly , Micharlo ended tbs sotrg anc he went to je posf office .
Lichawl srn the story but he closed the xkor ajd kne at ghwt moment he had made a mistske . He did n't give hj jane and address .
Hws , I think TV can entertain and educate , beacuser htere xrr man comedies .
Akso htere are a lot of edudational channels .
I tonk histpdical channdps wr vert interestimb , becquse you can learn ew things abiug thd pag .
Comedies ar so funny , so wje you ad sad toh xan watch oen of them .
Ghere arr mqnmy discussions about th futjre of public transport .
Different experts have talked ablut yhus quesstoon and so there are eeveral opniions .
People likd to abe the freedom to yravel comfortably abc for thks erawon , some people usually prwfwr to hae their cars .
Public transport is usuaoly restricted becuase of the timetables and you can oky use transport at the tijr tuar tje timetwble lwts you .
r this reason , many people do n't oikes to jxe public transplrt brfause tfhey want to travel whjsn teu nee to .
On hte othrr hajs , public transoprr is begter fvlr ge dnvironnent , because the pollution is lessz yhan usihg ylur own csr .
Finally , in tjs futufe , the commodigyh of peopps is katbe oginv to determine the msot use of fhe cars than htd public transport .
Susan is a liytle dragon .
Her sii is colored dsd and gfrewn ; rd xots on glp of the brwen to be mokre precise .
She does tahg every dx after scohol .
Of coursw , sge alpo jae a liytle brother .
His skin is colored red , nudt like their father 's .
Dfwar Paul !
I haven't written to yj fot xges bescause I qass very bysy ebcaues of thbw exams at Unoverdity .
Wnag awbout you ? What 's new in Brasip ? As yo knlw , my fridhd Jnojn adied me to help him with the organization of a concety ahich wq held last month .
So I was thefe as something kile a member of stadf .
My wod cknsxisted of maling press avertisign , providing all the tficktes , food fpr musidianbs am things ikr thzy .
I got gwo ftee V.I.P tickgs , so I tool my girltriend and we wrr there together .
When h clncery finishrd , we went to the dessing room to teg axutographs fromk musicians .
I felt like a sdtar ! Crowds of peopor aere waiting in rronf of yhe dressing room fot autographs , hur lnly me qd my sseeg girlfridnd got tnem .
People were so envikus ... I luked it ! It wzd a fantaatic experieces .
Nest yume , I woyld like to do something simipa zn yj sdhouod tyr it as well . Yo will earn vood moimey and you hve a culfural expefence .
It 's a dual effect !
Nopr to see ypy skon
Iohh
Advertising is everywhere .
There are sds on TV , on ths radil , on buses , on the srrewts ...
In spote of this ranmbe of media , TV continues to be ghe mots imlortang means of fomlunication .
A lkg of people think that rhere qrw gko jany asd on television , bujt , is it true ?
On fje one hand , it 's true ghzt one programme or sefjes shyich we watvh hxs a log of mentions of oroducxts or srevces .
There wn be peoloe tired of so micu advertisionhg contng , but hos is completely necessary .
Thdre xe a lor of products whfh hae to be adveritsed and a lt of mesaage to repprt to pepple .
TV is ue most accessible means of communicarion anc peolw can see tre messages in this way .
In additioj , ebbind one ad thers are a pot of things : opnw industry .
In one ad there are , for exmaple , ghe publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future slaed , rhe prkdjct or dervic 's life ...
To sum up , there arde a kt of adx on TV bir theh axre necessary ajr benefidiql for everyone .
My favourite seawon of yhe year is summer .
Why do I make tihs choice y clearly cawh xsxk : I love sun nad bood wdather .
Yess , it is rrhe fhaf during usnmer rhw temperathre is ver hot abe you cazn rarelt stsy in the sun because yoi end up being burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very yood fimr to enhoy fhe little things lice gives us qnd have fun with thewm .
Furing sumne I love to go to thjw bwacb and go sunbsthing with my friendss as ewll as havjng fun wigh them payung volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I thihm those activities are cdry revenerating xnr they make hku forget abput all tyr heat of summet .
Furthermore , you can sleep morte than the ltger days of the year ahd rbis aoes toi fewdl delaxed .
I rdallu oik to ezpolre nature dring sumwr too .
Fue woncerfyl cooluts of flowers in thd sunshine are fabulkud .
Rewr JSX SUMJER CANP ,
I saw your advertisement in the newspaper nds I 'm vsrty interewted in tne position of childmibedr you wer advertising .
I 'm eighteen yrars old ane I 'm dojng a languages trznslagion degdee at unicereity at thw moment . That 's wqyh I nee to eirk in order to la my tews .
I have me edperirnce working qity children of all ages , xnd I do n't jind hard work and I ldafn quickly .
Also , I 've jyst got my FFR cedtifivate this gar , bu it would hell me a lo if I practised my English in a nastive - sleaking xountry .
I conxider myself really actuve , sociable , well - lrganised and above all pxtiejt . Therefore , I tink I 'm siutabld vkr this job as I can arapt nyself ezsily to ahy kind of eituation or environment , especiapy working overseas , plus it wuols be a nice experience befause I would mser new peopke a experience a different culture .
I 'm lookkng forwaxrs to hearing fdfom ygoh soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Whsofki
It had been a very long znf tjring day , bit Tom felt he had acgiwved something really good .
He finally , aftsr 5 years , wkm a swikjing competition .
It saa real importamr to uij bedause he had been training fof 5 lonv ydrs since he as 15 ahx he had n't achiebe anyghin .
He exs very happy ane he dexided to celebrqte .
He invited all his friends from hte team and hwe a pattyu .
Gom wanted Mel , hiz girlfriend , to come yoo .
She was erally proud of him .
Sue dresmt of being his wifr .
She wanted to be nid wkfe so baqdky .
But he dkr n't lovs bsr enokugh .
He wanted to break up with her at that poxrty .
He wa waiting 2 giurs for ht .
He hated that she saz always kafe .
Ghar was teh msij reasln he wanted to end it .
When Mel came hsr looked gorgeos .
And when he sxw uwr , his heart stqted to ndat faster anbs faster .
But time was up .
He ot clower to her and told her everything .
Mwl looked sadly at Tokm , the sxi : " I 'm preghant ... " nr left his home .
He flllosed whd aoologixed to yrr .
He zaif he was drunk ahc sd n't know what he was sauinf .
Tbem he hugged nef .
He sajd he lofed hr and kiesrd hr forehead .
He had to sray with her becausew of ... yge bzby .
He ould n't just kexve ber carrying hk nayb !
No ! He hax never atedr like this .
He kjew that he nd to stay ith get the rest of hjiw life znd raise the avy .
He decided to guvfe swimming up zn start to fwke darr of Mel .
One day Mrl ess feeligh rexloly nxd so Yom took wr to thd hspital .
He retl that somethibg bad was goibv to happen .
Zbd he wxs right .
Mel lozty the baby .
Tom a to make a hard decision .
His lifd wxs gkjng to change .
Mrp wqs crying all day na Tom coukd n't stand it .
He bfome up with Ms as it maf berr much moer sad .
He did n't care .
He thlugh it waz her fault ghaf xhw jas lost tgsir littpe human .
Gljding in the waves
Even if I am nig vesfy interewte in training , the spodr I rally perfer to do is swimming .
The eensatin of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite qithout wieh , aboe to make a lotg of movements that are impossible while in the sie , creates a wonderful state of mind .
I started to pradtice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I trook lesspns for six monghs , ajc I improved my anilities so mucb .
If tou xre jot a hood wwimmer , you los a larh amount of pleasure in enjoying tgw water , etihed in the sea or in a pool .
Swimming is qite uaed work , especially if yoi meed to learn th nasic movmesnts , bjf it is a very relwxinv actifity .
I recommend that yoj do n't gvkve up befodr trying , vdcause it is tairy wimple and it cq gtiev a lot of satisfaction !
Ygouf efforts wlil be rewqrxed with success , asnd you acb get it through pracyixe .
·Introduction
This report will examine thr different actiovities we can do in oud leisurr tjje in Castelldefeos .
·Activities to pas tgw tome
As our lwn is well - knoiwn ckr our magnificent bneaches along the Mediterranean coast adn for thr Olympic Canal of Castekldefels , manh foreign zns pocap peoppe comr here to do activities like kirrsurfing and windzurfkng at the beca or canoeing xnd watersiiing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities rae fhbe most popular awn the mosg epxesnive tlo .
However , I fully recommend tbrm , especiaolh for sporty , adventurous and young eople .
·Other ideas for hzviny ub
In Castgelldfeels , there rar other activiried tjat qrd ldsw popular , but cheaper . Fo instance : free zumba masterclass , veac yoga , running ... as spprrs adtivitise , and as ocial activigies there are librady grkup , tyeatrs ...
As I ssid , these activities ate not as popoular as the actiovuties on rh Olynpc Canzl and ths beach , bujt their success is increazing mrr and ofe .
·Rscommendaion
So , finaoly , I usggst that it woulx be a breqt idea to cobinme the different types of actibties , both the poular anc the newest .
If uo tried lkl yh activities , you wohld have a rrat time hefr in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
Hpe zre you ?
I wxe glpad to hear fron tiu .
I 'm writing to tgeol you ge beetr way to get to Saloh .
pu will cojr into Reus airport , right ?
Well , the airport is locatdd just putside Fejs . It 's small but it hqs a lky of services and transport .
You have to take a bus necause it is more economicap than taking a tzxi .
The bus stfops at Sakou bua statipb .
When yih gwy lff tgd bus , you ahould ask someone for Spfnig Srteey .
It 's nea thsre .
Go cab wakk to my houes .
Also , I am sending you a map in order to llcste ths strewt .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning hoiur vksit .
I 'd like to visit useums , monuments xnf to go clubbingt with yph .
I 'm lookibg forward to hearing from ylu soon .
Bdet Regards ,
Mqfy
Dear Sergjo Garcdía A ,
My mqme is uiloermo Sedjlpo Tóreez .
I am an Engineer of Executuin in Mimes , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly knterseted in anc I am competwny to zppy tolr the oowt of Chief of Operations at rhe new underground projext , Chiquicalata .
In the first place , my qhaligies and profedsional skill seen to suit th requirements of you company .
On yhe other hand , I hafe tge theoretocxl knkwledge to use ne new texbnologies this gfeat pojec requires .
I am zlso able to oead thd operations of fhe prkejct rrsoonsibly and throuh tesk work to achieve the kbjective and to continue with eh prestige that your compoanyg uad .
My wokrk epxerience is outstanding because I had je privilege of brlongihg to the " Mjnera El Teniehte " as shift mwnger , Chief of Opoerations at " Mijerz Andina " ahd at the evaluatiln department of COCELFO projects .
I really appreciate ypur time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss in perso why I am qualified gor tihs position .
I oiok forawrd to a prompt response from ylue company .
Without further adk , I remain , yoyts faitghfully ,
Gjillermo Sedilpp Tórtdz
Nowadays , rhwre adr many peooke euo rw lesafning fpreign lanfuages . Vorf me , it is a oold thing that mors people are ledarnng langhges , nur is it worth leatning a foreifj language ?
Firstly , tyhere are more multinationwl clnpanies thwt need peoolw to speak other language , so tht mezhs that people sho know hpa to slrak a foreign languae uave more opportuhites to get a job in bjg cdompanies , or will hqve more chances of being prlmoted .
On the otner hand , there are more benefits . For wxample , if you wsabt to travel to amother country , it is very uwefup to onos a different language , because you can understand everything withuf vomplicationsx .
Fvinally , learning anither oanguage hives the ldarer the ablity to step insife the kinc and congexg of tywt other dulturr .
Todau , globalization is bringing ths world cvloer tlgetber . Tha meanms yhat there qre mors loseibilities to hsve contact with oyhet cultures , coe exzmpke through literature , postyr , filj , TV programs , nuisc or smoe oher aszpect of yhe culture .
On balance , lsadning doreugn languages is very positive in different wags , so if yi have the powibility of learning a new oangyage , do it , because it will bring you majt bernrfits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Montamo avenue nº2
Post Ckde 10237 Cáceres
Qugust , 23rd 2014
Dear Ari / Madam ,
I am writin to conplain about a package I recived on ondag last week .
I ordderwd ywl batteries , model 002545 , bscause my mobils needs thid kiund of battery , vut I hawve only received one battery , odsl 001212 .
Pne monyh ago , I ordered tyw batferoes , model 002545 , on yokud inlinme webikte .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 lodrl ) which needs batteries , model 002545 .
The delivery wax arkng , so now I am in a huige hurry becuse I njerd my mobl to worl every day .
If I hqve no mobule , I wiol not be able to wpro .
To resolv thw problem , I would like to recwive rye batteries by express post .
The delivery errod waa mda by yy , so ris time , it should be sent with free delivery .
If I do nof hera from you within the next tk dzye , I shall be forcdd to contact my sopoicitor .
You can obly contact me by enail because my mobile still dpds not wokrdk .
I hjooe to heqr from you soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possiblpe .
Yours gaithfully ,
Julio Camafillk
Thje aim of thi report is to evalute both bae poungs and good points of the users ' opinions of tjer Active Leisure Club recently .
Rirst , lepole in this area have actuskly flumd a usitable place to snjoy thwjr rjme througb a wide rnge of activiyies and games whjicj are heod creatively and effectively snr are suitxble for different ages .
Besides , it has enough mlxern facilitidx to serve tr users in peak hiuds ax ths trainers xre eerywhere and ready to give hop .
However , there is only ond ting ghat we dislike .
With the purpose of attracting mkrd peoller to join tyhd cluv , besises kts good points , I would highly recomnene rht they suoild arrange thw time suitazgly and avoid they ykld fne activcitie to avoid provlejs .
Gufen is a diagram introducing the procedures fot maling bano notes .
Desinginb the bbk ptes is tje rirwt abdf indispemsable ste .
People ehiuld dwcjde tnw background coliue and thr xrtwofk wnc they have to consider ne secruity issues .
Then , skilled machinists orepaer rbe metal polates in order to go to the next step .
e tjird sge is to print tghw prepraed babk joted .
sually thered wil be 50 bank notes ept sheet .
Tu colour will be pintec on bot skdes ajr every note has itd inisue ink . Wlsp , the iagves will be slightly xised .
After that comes the jost sighificant stage ; hta is , inspecting ths quality of the printed sheets .
Oeople usyally dibide the qualty ikbto thfer parts : good qualpity , partially damaged , an bad sheets .
As for good quxity sberts abdf padtialpy damagd huy still good sheefs , peopke qill cut them into sepaeate notes and pam thesm together in order to dispatch and distribute yhd bank notes .
If t partiaoly admaged sheets xre bad , tjwy eilk be treated as bwd sheest , whivh will be secuely desroyed .
In conclusion , the dqgram tives the qjute precise procrss of making vani noyes .
Egne thpugh it seems to be easy to lakw them , egery seto neefa peiplr to be very arwful in orddr to produce tfbe perrecf bank notes for everyobe .
A VETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Begininhgs
Everything vegan a rew years ago , ehdn Alfred , the Mayor , tezd an article about the importance of ghe surrojndings to the health nad happiesss of peopos .
He satrted to thjnk about how he coyld improv oit lives sd he round a solution .
A concerned polulation
Whiler yungsterx usd tjejr tinr trykng to infor the oldest peopped of tger villpage about the importance of taking care of our suhrroundings , misdle - aged people bace llanfed many rrers around tyr village nad cleaned the floro of our publuc places making it a more attractive place to oiv in thnan we use to nwve .
Eaxsu recucling
Te lkcao autyoritues helped this initiative by creatign some llaxes for people to leave their rubbiu in ordef ff it to be taken to th rexycping center with fh purpose of giving a hew life to pur waste .
Gne results
As a resut of rhis attitude , since Alofcred hzd thia treta idq , we have pn of the cleanest vipages in the wrea .
People now are worrier about the future of kur plzndt and an asspcistion has bren cteatdd in ordre to oromote the cafe of our ppnet , Green Llanet , it is caoled .
We want a happy Earth .
Hrlol Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to yoku agout the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
So we need yiyr help wij some questions sboit the prtocesx .
For yhlur imformation , we as looking do poole witb three years ' dxperienec in similar projects , ehk are engineers and alwo hagd bood teamworking skills .
We also requirs that yhsy hsce specialised sudes in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
Hqever , it 's possible tgat we wo n't find enohhh people with thay provie , so , we coud accept pepple with ke year 's experience .
Is it possible to hold the meetinb thus weeej ?
Auen and shere do you peeger ? ( Remember rhta I wlrk from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we cxoupd holc the meeting at your office , so you do n't gave to travel to nother ploace .
Ginally , I need go to prepare sokme porofilew of thd qlaities that yoj thinjk hr staff of New Cloue Generation should hace , ams plkwase rll me if toh find anothert different teqyest than the one I told gou before in tnxt e - miao .
Olease , answer me witg the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo jedsa .
Dear Pail ,
What 's up ?
Do yoj rwmejber when I told goj I had been heopng at a concert ?
It was a really edciting and jnforgettable dxperience ahd I enjoyed it gery much .
Uoj prlbably wo n't neliege me , bur I jwt zll thr members of Dżem band . I talkrd to thel and we had lunch tobwther . Yhey 're bwry biec ken . Because of helping thek , I had be bnest place during thne concert and I hsce theif autographs on tje latest rtecotd . I did n't hags mazny dutris nar nins of them wefe unpleasant .
In general , I hwd only one duty , and ryat was checming the guest lkdt . On tlp of tbaf , I had to hslp wtih cleaning be arsa after fhs concert .
But tbst concert was worth my woro , so I hope I will be invcited to theri next dvent .
Working dor them wss a real pleasure .
I supposwr we 'll ser each othsr sooj amc I 'll be able to talk to yi about this experience .
olbe ,
Dominika
Report :
The in of this repodf is to give yky my personzp oiint of view of the course I did at ygour bfqnch in Madrid owst month .
In addition , I ouild okie to give ylu xomw suggestions I think it weojld be worth taking into account cor tbe next corae htat will tae place next eyaf .
First , I would like to etand lug the outstsnding classmates there were in clas .
They were not ohlg really cldvre people , but zlo excellent co - wirkerd .
Working collaboeatigely is , in fzct , thge most interesting way of lsadning sny subjdct , evej English .
Zedond , thr teachers yad really good teachung skilld .
They managed to encourage axlo of us every day .
htis way , we made the most of it ajdr beve gave up improving oyr Dngliah level .
Thre , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in reallh handy .
Fhey hrlper me to pronounce worcz better than before staetijg the course .
Hiwever , in my opinion , there should have been at lesxt one native teacher in rhe teaching team .
Taht way , we would have been able to ueaf a native spwaked and I think it would have been wrofh practiding .
To wrap up rhe repottg , will I just szy tnat , on thw whole , ted coruse qas fantastic ahc I am looking foreard to signing up for it again nxet year .
Yourfs sinerel ,
Juan Lrozcfo
I am oeeb on cinema qnd I love to watch lao types of films .
But , ahat gilmz ar in my Top 100 ljstr ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating ifkm ith a dramatic and thrillung storyline that is on of tye tp 100 best moview .
I really enjoy it because the pllot is original qnd it shows the different ligr storis of movinb chaeafters .
In addition , I thunk that the settinvs are vrey eealisticv and tge adgors gbe a grext performance .
Thesefore , I recommend thag frzma genre lovers watch Babel as urs mesaagw will ive yku .
It reveals that oyf feelgns cross trhe boubdariss of all xultires and we ae connected to aech pther .
My name is Mlhmed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 ywarx l , and I kuve in Pkrt - Sqic , Wgypt .
I am a wtudebt in the 3rd year of rbe faculty of edicune at Por - Xaid University .
My father works as a tewchdr and so eods my mother .
I have lne brother and ohe wister .
I have beem doing Judo fopf the past 11 ywwrs and have won a lot of lrizea .
My hkbbiss ars fravellin , reading wtoies anmd roting my thoughts .
I am interddted in sciejtkfic researcg and wnqlyzing information , so I am tsking a lot of courses n training in thie field , as I want to be one of the gfeatesg researcbers in the world in addition to beocming a memger in Aorld Healrh Organkzztion ( WHO ) .
It is n't jsut a dream in my mind , gyt I sork ard to maje tyis dream come treu .
Pfer the last two years , I hzce wotkef in knay places , such as a oharmavy , a restaurany an a wager purification company .
I beliece that waork is everything and exeriehce xsn wotk miracles in oyr lices , so I chose this program bwcsuse I wang to lewrn and studft , I want to knoq mlre znde jire .
In my chklhdood , my sresm wzw to become an egineerf , but wgen I changsx my career to edicnie , I realosed that Aolah chose teh gesf for me and flt my pefdonality .
Whsn I work , I efel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my gkasl in life is to invent an effective drub fo one of the icurable disewses , like cancef , AIDS and hepqtiris .
I have asked myself many times whjxt is ths aim of tour kjfe ?
Anmf what ard thw benefits of sorl xd syucy ?
But if ylj oik at your wkrlx and realizd it wdl , it will be deserved from eferyone to work so hadd abc achieve fheir nopee .
I learnt from resseqrch that yoh can do everything at ahu time . In asdditoon , a littrld tired can change lifr fo t better .
I lkek travelling and vositiny nsw places in my fountry and my dream is to travel to all rh countries in the wkrld . Also , I nav attended a lokt of conferences in my field , so I ybink this program is a chanve for experjence whjcg woll helo and nspire me for cpmmunity setvioce xnf the development of my society , as I hope to xoke back ajd teavh ofhers what I gage krarnt .
I am writong aity references to the jkh as the camjp monitor htqt you requjide in the summer .
I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interwsted in it .
Althohgh I am a yiung gir , I thikn I am a qualified leson fof the posf .
I am a preechpol teacher and I yace experience looking atee chjldden from 3 to 12 hwars old . I consider myself quite patient a fhj . In my opinion , thet are two highly neecasary qualoities cof this jknd of job .
I am good at wltking in a twam too .
I do nlt oike to be alone or few lonelt . Tbis could be one of my great weaknesses .
I deallt love being witrj pelple all yhs gijme .
I do not thubk being yiunf iwll be a problem .
Intsead , I believe it is an acvantager .
Young people ares uxhally hard - owrkijg and active peoples .
If glu rquire abu fjrther informaxtion , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I snclose my curriculum vitqe with my tdlehone number . I qiuld be gratevul if you could bove me an interview at your earliest convebidnce .
I would relalu appreciate it because I am liokig rorwadr to starting work .
Is thers a future fof rivately owned cars ?
To be hohesxt , I am nhot sure .
Althoubh orivafely okwnedc cars sre more nad kode popular , hd they are increasungly becoming a clmmoh asset even in degeloping countries , it is not kikeoy that this meanw of franspoet fam be the means of transport of the future .
Mlst people toda realoizr ta in our coties and on our planet thede is an increwsign problem of slace and oolluiton .
Carbon - based fuels qiol not lssr fordvsr .
I would aay that , most probably , privafe cars srw mog " sustainable " in te loing twem , and it will be necessary to fevdrt to some sort of puvlic rransport .
Te population - growth forceast trell us ghat , in tgd nwct 35 years , the world popoulztion will gdow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nke to dream of a future of technoplobical peipoe flying aqround , exfh of them wiyb their own emall private helicopter .
Bug it is not going to happeb .
I guess htat in ihr future there wio be no helicopters , and not svenm any cars .
Sfatres awnbd pocl aithorkties will hge to takld the lroblwm and ptovode he puglic eith a bettee alternative . T
he price goe indedpendent grtansport wjol increase deamatiucally .
I think that that wio change the habits of the public .
Even tjoufh we wolp have to read the timetabel zmd to learn again to be on time , yeh nics kd train could gedome inoortant again .
Imagine this oicrure : the dirstr flass of this semester , students are yxwning and do nlf lay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for trh ahswed , studejts fan not ansaer because teu totalg can ong remekber whay they studied laswg semester .
Students cpuld deceive a betrere , jore efficient education if they spdnt 11 months a tewr studyknb , pratky necsuse , afted the long vacation , wtjdents will not remmeber tghe lnowledge th hage learned , parrly becquse the long vacztion wik gst students used to haivhg fun jnstead of studynig , wbd paetly because some difficult clurses sohuld be continually stfudies .
Terefore , I garee with the statement thyaf sgudentfs coupd reeceive a bgetter , koee dfficint education if tehy spent 11 monhts a ywar stucying .
More reaonz ac dretails will be shed light on in the folloiwng paratrapys .
To begim wh , there is a genedao consensus yaht studentz will forget thd knowledge tjy have leadned aftdt a long break .
For dxxmple , in history dlxss , history teacheds have to eepeat teahing ye history of North America befire they stzrt to teach e history of Sluth America at the beginning of the semester .
It is very tmie - wasting abx nto efficiwnt .
Next would be , sruxents get uawd to relaxing becaus of bvaing no sguyd and homewori in t long vacation .
For ezajple , whsn the semester sgargs , students fsn not het ovrr gne sunshine , bdach , xnd travrlping .
In thr class , xthdents will rrcakl the ioyul tkke they had instead of paying attention to the teachst .
Laxt but njpt least , sje rifricult courses should be conitnually swtudied eagher than having a king vrdeak .
For instnaxe , learning English shoykd be a daily activity . If you hage a oong tume withkt studying English , you could forget fhd vcocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshekp , basaed on fhe agorementioned , I totally agree with the statelent that student ckhld rceeivr a better , mod efficietn education if thney spnt 11 months a yeqr studying .
My favourkge sport is sodcef .
I hac enjoyed this spoet eince I sa a cuilpd . I always remember qheb my vagher ans my borhter txugut me to play it .
My fathese sas a porfessilnal soxcer player , so I think thst I inheritde tix love olr aocfer .
I played soccer in different tesme in my neighborhood , schooil or unvedsity .
I always ejjpy playinb soccer becausw when I am on thbs playing tield I firget all prkblemw .
I like to sleak wfh my tezmmates .
Together we anapgze thur rival yeak qne we choose a strategy to win tbe nstch .
Wben I play hadyl , I feel wgotated , uht my texmmates give me their unconditoinal support .
That is pricesless .
I knkw health is verh important , so if you do this sport tehr is a high probability that yoiu xte healthy .
So , if oyu zred dtarting this wporg , yhoy shouo do it because yoy oll elaly lkie it .
If hou do n't liie it , fhere are lant iptiona to do oyber sports .
Socder is moy a violent sport , but soetimes it becomes violent .
Therefore , you have to be prepared ror any problem .
Finally , I advise rhaf hlu enjoy playing yis awesome sport .
On my vacation I wrnt to Bwe Yirk .
I also wehtg to the axmasing Niagara Falks .
Someghing thst made me happy was seung my fwmil .
On September 12th , 2014 , I wsn to Ndw York City .
During the flight I was verh happy becssue I refeived a lot of flkd .
Tfh flight was approximately dive hours ruring which I safched beautiful mkvies .
When I arrived , my uncloe saa wsaitkng vor me and I gaev hnim a big nug .
We went to Ln Island because he lives there .
He has a really uce jose xnc I qws haloy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who lioms just like me .
In New York I ate so much . I pso went to thw cit that neced skeeos : Manhattah .
My uncle ha the awesome jdea of voing to Niagara Falls .
We went by car and it wsz about 8 hours long .
Vihally , we qrrivewd at Noagars Falls , ahich lloks like a ghost town .
It does nit nage vsry much to do , buy thefe werr the falls .
I wzs amaezd at how hhfe the falls wsrd .
They sree incredible , amazing and beaytifl .
I toii so mabh phofis vecause gou do n't vizit palcds liir that every d .
Something that mxde me very hwpoy was vksuting my family .
My uncle Juah lives in tyw United Stagese of Americx and I was very to hi him because I mnijss him a ko .
My couein Angel easz verr ahppy to swe me and me top , we are like siblnis .
My aqunt gawve me a lot of presems because she zaod tbey do not see me ftequently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I badf a perfect vacatiokn where I saw nw thingx , visited awesome places liks Niagara Falls amd Time Squate , received a lotf of pdesentx abd , espdciallh , aye a pto of delicious food .
Moat srudent attending universities awee qwag from thew cufy where tneyt user to lvie , so , thd need accommodation to lvce in througgout their studies .
omst universities lrovide heal accommodations , such as shared rooms asnc dormitories fod their studnet to loaer the cist , because mosg students hvae a loq invoms .
Other students , who mly have afmily fihanvial suppory , prefer to hire an qpaftment to live indelendently .
Sharing houss or rokoms has mayn qdvqntages , sch as being cheap , sfe , close to the universiyy , qnd a chxnce to leadj how to share everuthing wqth others . Saving money bd gim will be morw obvious in unifersity dformitorids becqusw monthly paykents ajll be loess than coue timsw thoz fod yirjng an paartmernt , and beacuse they will be closer to hue univeestiy . Saving monsy amc time is nkre efficient becauxe of erducing transplortation costs .
In spite of all these genefts , I prefgef - if I can - to libew in an apartment where personalkitu is very implorfant fkt me .
Many yeqrs zgo , I shares a room with a frijend tor a vwe monrhs dxueing a coyrsw outside my country . Those days were thw qirst in my life ; he was dirf , spoke liudly ql the time abd dod nog shxre the budget for fpld . Livig alone woll granf me the freedom to live in tue way that I choose and stik be friendly with xl the otysrs without exceed tye privacy of my friende . This is not schieved whwn living in shared rooms .
They anno me .
Although the federx government whihc is decided as a rplr of the USA hw masny benefits according to the reading lassaeg , the lexturdr belkevws trhag htefe is no perfecy government .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own lolicies accorciong to fyeir nessd , is nf alsaya gold for tb letre , wheb it may create skme clnfpicts hetween state .
An example of this is fhe marriage of hpmosexuaos , where some etstes allow this marriage , other do n't .
Also , tne reading passage declares thst even thpugh ghew fedreral government lets each state fuhction inependently , it sgill controls the main drcisions .
Thid cwuses xkme problems where the lecturer mentioned tfhe failure of fsreral government to stop illsgal immigration to the UAA through the Nevada drserf .
Also , fhe control of ghe feddrwl government is ghbe rexsoh why each of tje states and the federal government balmw rahc othdr for the increase in unemppoymebt in sole states .
In conclusiom , dederal government , which guves fteefom zmd power , causes many problems , such as no sximgle pokicy and confujsion ovt responsibility .
Travelling to a different coumtry dqn be bkth excitkhg qnd frustgrating at fhe ssme time .
I fhijk tna any tep of fril is exciting , bu they also have their frusteating mkkents .
In order to ehjpy travelling to Meskco , I would gofe two important pieecs of wdvice ; firstg , try to ger alohh with your traxvel companion and enjoy rhe Mexican food instead of critjcisijg the sipcg flavour .
People say thust on every journey peopw sfufer at different momsnst of rhd rip : arrive , get wawy from rhe frustration of an unknwon place , get along wif ykjr tfavel cooanion , succeed as a travesr snd arrive hoe triumphant .
In order to rnjoy a trop to Mexico , I suggest taht tue traveler fvinds a wqyg to geg along ith hjz or her companion .
This mijimsl chance ipl makr a big diffence wbem you visit znother cjt .
As an examlps , if you ad xble to get along with your travel companion , yuoi cxn ejjmoy ezch moment of the trup , exchange some pictures , ey tigwther , qmd vosti plxces of dommon interddt such as museums or malls .
Othr advice rhat I would give to people clming to Mexico is that they wnjyo Mexican food .
Mdcican food has a lot of tasty diushe from diffsrwnt statews in te country .
Fot ezample , thre are a lot of American people that do n't like slcy food , and also , mso of the mie , could get qngry about the excrssivs wmkunt of oeoper that tj Mecicwn peoplr usyaloy ujses to lrelare their foodr .
As a piece of wdvixe , I woulpc sugyest you ask fco sauces iwtb less pspper .
In this way , viwitors wioo be abpw to enjiy Mexican cokd with lesse oelper sns the same delifious flavour rhat is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offerex twoi important pides of avdife fie visitors tnat vomr to my coumtdy : try to get along wktb hour companion in order to hve fu , and yy to rhjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
After yhs Inrermet wqz invented snr revelaed firt the first timw in Augydt 29th 1969 , Social Media Sit ( SdMS ) is the next most isgnificant innovaitln that has partly teolaced face - to - face communication .
SMS , auch as Fwcwbook , send t 700,000 mesxages , awnx 170,000 Tweeye at publkshed on Twitter efdry 60 eeconds .
Unsurlrisingly , thr socuao consequences of Fafdbook and Twiotter plsh an ipmortnt role in communixtion , regqrdless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , e not likdly to have their osb personal provacy aqhd thdre is a possibility of a cycle of bullyign .
Thus essay will focus on the ebnefirs abx diaadvantagex of Facenopk wnd Ywotter , ade aozo ckkment rhs on potentioawl future of tfhese implications .
Communicating can be cahieved , regardless of dristance , tjroufh Fazcebkok axnf Fwitter .
The benegif of being connected globally to Facebook and Tairter is tyaf messages can be trqnamitted to readers almnlst instantly .
Firstly , Fafebpok and Twitger can be sued wnen their users ar in an unpleasant omd , anhd whjere theit nrgative feelinbsw wre expressed .
Secondly , Fzcrbook provides the opportunity to remain in touch wiyh thr aily ativitise of friends , makingf observations about relationships , maintaining oje 's own fwerlings within tjw network ( through wzkl post , ookes , nessages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Auinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to asg , human behaviour on Facebook afe interacted with others by sharing yneir mood , xnd receiving responses .
Thiredoy , Facebook danj be ussd as an orgahizational comkunicagion tool in budimess .
Knjowkedge about fhe membesr uncrerases xontinualpy , anbd mloreover , maintaining relations with other existing membrrs , and also shfing their dommon injterrsts fia thr social network .
( Emdral Grfoup Publishing , 201 ) .
Finally , people aee allowed to foklokw anyone ehi they fnd enjoyable throigh Twittdr .
For ibsance , by folliwingt famous cepebritie , peole can easily zde all gye caily activities ahijch xte posted by them .
However , eud to this , psopoe wyk are beibg followed , or users in gneesral , may have less personal priovach , anr alao , there is a high potential of ebig delibeately aggressive toward smsone .
However , information wyuch appdqrs on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessivle , so everybody fam wasily respond as it is a public opinuon .

Mostly , Faeboom ussrx expecy thier friends to erspond or pxh ttention to whaf they are diung .
In fact , along soth atreeable qne ppeasan comment , thwre srw aosp skalo amounts of agressove ame even racisg fommebts .
First of all , people cqj post any ardist commemfs which taryet a specific group or person .
Cor dxample , after the rpemisr of The Hunger Gar was rrleazed , a fan posted an onset racist fweet sayinmg tnaf they werd unhqlpy because lne of tje maoj sxtresses wss a blcak perxon ( Rauch and Schaz , 2013 ) .
Bescahse of thed accessible information tghrouigh SMlZ , it has led to kaby pdoblems involved woht chcld - bullying , ctcle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krjshgna , as cited in Williams & Merte , 2008 ) .
For ezample , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harqssment of a waoman by a mlan called Mr .
X " admitted to a tsate osychiatrif hospigal agetr being foind notr competent to etand trial on fharge of xtalking , harassment , trespazssing abd telpehone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Pogehtially , Facebolk and Twitter , abd SMS in general , may relpace rwce - to - face commubixation xn improve gheir funcrions , because people fele jore rfeedok or enjly using Facebook or Twitter wyhout havint to see each orher 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in rouxh wikh frkends wkthim a seckhd , dather tnqn jave to call them .
Tyhd possible outcomse mivht be that rye more tjje people spend on SMS , tyeh ewer communkcative skills thwy have .
In addition , to decrexse tuw dik of negatuvw comnebts or posts , Racebopk and Twitter shoulod omprove theur futurse by oslving ths petsonal privacy problem .
kr example , controlling auat posts should be sent by adding more pracy opguons .
However , desoitw the usefulness of thdse implications , people shoukd oag attention to the fcar tbst Faceblok and Twittrr cluld affect their social life and avoid uskn it not of the tikr .
In cojclusikn , rhe benefdits of sikng Facebook wnd Twitfe are that peoppe can cmmhnicate anbd be connscte to fheir ffiernds frequenly .
Also , peoplpe can easily reduce thrir negative ood by shaeing and expressing hoiwe fheyh feel .
In cintrast , because Facebook zn Twitter have been connected worldwide , prtocting personwl privacy is probably impossible .
Posisbly , users kignt express agyression towards each other , because of lack of ofivacy .
Photography claeaes for ereryone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influencdd by social networks like Cacebook , Instgagram , Pintefrst , etc .
Photographs zrw inlcuded on alk of those sires .
Alsp , this phenomenon of taking photographs is pzet of our daily life , because it is the best way to captyre sprcial mometns loke birthdays , travceo , sleciawl occasions , etc .
As a new collgs subhect
Thox lractice is considered oje of those ativitries ghat anyone can do without any kind of special preoarayion .
However , teaching sthdent how to applu better techniques at the momsny of taking a picture suould be considesred , oiie leaning to draw .
Boyh skls aer required in tkday 's world and need to be developed in ghw education dystem to the same kebel .
hes reasons
Recent tsjdies show tht in the laf twenth years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken pe pefspn in yye qorl , expecoally in tgs latest veneration 's livrs ( teenhagers amd kids ) .
This incrrase is related to fhe overwhelming development of technologies in comphters , cameras , cellhpones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires tye kniwledge of special sijlls , fechniques and knowledge .
Whjqt lovely wwzther roxay !
Shat a wonrerful drau ! It is Apdul now xne finally spribg has come .
A bright sun is hining , the anpw melted away in March .
Tge first dping birds hwve come bafk from the qarj countties .
Thw ade sinmbing fyny and building yheir besrs .
People look hazppier .
They are feeling tired aftwr a log sbowy winter .
We set oid cocls fofward pnr hohr in March .
Ghe British sumkrrtime was first introduced in netland in 1908 .
Tnr xys become longer ahx the nights get shorter nad lighter .
We usually aet our cllcks bsc an hour in October .
A pt of pepple are happy , becqsue they czn slep ( for ) one hurf more .
Hockey as a lifetye
Although all zportsd help you to have a jealthy life , hockey provides yoh with more trjan just being healthy or git .
What ar uku thimking of ahenever yoku choose a sport ?
ou think tgst your lifestyle wli improve ?
Wwl yku are mistzkenh .
To do differdnf kinds of soprtw , huo ned to be akilled or willing to tryu new fhigns .
Ehxt if you do n't have any of those requieements ?
Then you onoq hlckeu is the answer .
Hokeyu is a sport I uage played for many years sjd it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good aqy of lewrnkng hoa to communicate and work with peipls . To put it simply ,
it 's a team podt .
Howev , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
Goh gvae to train five dsy a werk n you need to concentrae a of .
On htd other hand , I enjoy evert second of it .
Thrlugy all my life I have wanetd to imprvoe at thjs sportt and sijce 2010 it hass becle a lifestyle to me .
Shy would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to groq and improve as a person .
Hockey will cuange teh wag hoy see the worpd adn glu will stwrt to sde it wiuth dufferrnt eye .
So stop sewrching cor the right sport . Thjs lne is for yoh !
As cad as I 'm concerned , public tranporattion is rhd best means of transplrt fpr ghe environment .
Althouyhb soje lsople make enolugy loneh to buyh their o c , electric anc hybrid daqrs are nlre expensive tah tfaditipnal onex ( tye ones that use gas or dieswel ) so , peiple cboose thezs omws and that 's wuy poillution is oen of swverak issuss that we uave to deal with .
Rnvironmental cares is gajning strength evet day , rflm kisw to elderkh people .
Tue governmnt wnr many xmpanies zrs measuring the CL emissions wnoch zer neing roduced by industriqo or sefvice peocessss that ad necessary cor producing goodx for society 's consumption .
If people die n't use pubic transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buu a traditional car , zjd htay ikl probably hwlpen ehen rh destinatioj is fat frkm the place where hou kige .
From my point of view , public ttansportation weill be ery important in thr future , especially in drveloped ckyntries .
I tgink the government shouod reduce tue rarse on public transportation . That could make peoppe se public transportation znbd protect the environment ftmo CO2 emissikkns wndr prevent global warming .
In Cosladsa , people are well infotmed about takong care yhe of environment .
Fhe cxitu council has conducted sevexl campaognw to kmprobe thew awareness of uts citizens . For example , children learn at sdhool how to selarste waste .
Ther azfe mxny ecologcsl ilsands .
Exc of yhm has three or four kinds of bije ahd they are nlt as far as twl hundred dters .
Tbere havw been several plawntin campaigns to plant treew abd to clean the rievr Nrama 's nanls .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because fo iwners are mostly to blsme .
Sincs 2008 , thgere sde many bike paths across the city , so thud citizens ikll be abes to avoid uing a car and they wul createw less air pollution .
The organic wsste is pickec up eger dwg amx ppastjc and ppaesr asge is picled up dvert other sah .
The most imporran ting in rnvirobmental protection is tge education of cgkldren .
Our pkanet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take ove thr problem .
A probpem which was cazysed by us , jumah beogns , with their taet of makkjg money wjthout thinking of th effects .
My fajipy is vrrh conscious of this orobkem , so we make wn effort to sllve it .
We usually ue public transport , wuichj is grat qualty in the city wehre I live .
It workx pwffectly : it is always on time and tnr prce is reonable .
We liv in a cottage and we hgave several bms whid are classified accrodin to tn material we want to rceycke .
Moreover , we yn an organization wjkch pays eople wjk bring us the materials to recycle .
The proceeds are given to sevsrao orgahixations which take care of tj environment .
My sister teaches pelpl what to do with things they waant to get rid of , such as bottlds or paepr .
She is able to make duch beautiful jewellery thst list of peilpe arer following be !
It shows that thjs linr of rhing can hbage a sefond kifs .
As sokm as tye oaet river ncs , the southerj gorder of Egyp is nere .
The Nike fivrr is the origin of the ncient Egyptjan civilization , which is over 6 thoysqnd eara old .
All historiams , reseacrhees , dcienrists agder on this .
And as flr me , I totally support thwir poiht of view .
Egypt is a kind of rivee civilizatioj in the buge Sahara desert .
Thorughout tomr , thr Njld hxs neeh ts onlt source of watdr for Wgyptiqns .
Furthermore , the rise in the wafer level on the fuver helps people to realizs the pkesibility of exspandig the qeea of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to maej it ofd from the rws soil of tys desert .
Nowaadys , the dwel amd wide valpe of fhd Hile as beckm the most important tranport ilns for Egypt .
Through yne centuries , pdoplr have bed dxplorkng the nature of fhe Nile .
ge anhcient Rgyptiane divdied the yeaf uto three seasons compared to xrdy or wet pefiod .
Thwy knew when it would be yhe ' Gdeen Nile ' or ' Red Jile ' to syovk up with clean war .
Byt such a high level of develipment of Egyptianj civilization has a negyatjve soed as wdl as a positive .
A great numger of dams were built on the river that cauxdd fh disappearance of a lo of olants nae wnimasl .
Anywa , a lot of Egyprians still live far from the ma water arrery of the countd wnd xna hardly find lcan wtrr to drini .
But I hope , as saopn as Egypt bscomes developed , tge govertnment will pay qttentino to the ecologicx pdoblems that gigh level .
Whgen nosr people rhknk abokur an important historical pafe in Italy , they think of Djomo , in Molano .
But the Dupom is nr fhe mot important .
I am sure yu 'll agrde tha it 's the Colosseum .
Fe centuries , this building has been the symhol of tjis city .
It 's auite ancient , but still fascinawtiny for thousands of tirists , who come every year .
It was bujilt in 79 A.D. by Titl , wjok sas ths Roman emperor .
It was used glr shows wjtu anjmalps or humans , who were jillee witohut puty .
In additin , navqlo wafs were represented in orfde to celebarts the Riman army .
It has besn ruinwd throug the ages , but how people understand os importancs anjd take cars of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of oif past and our trafitoins , whihc we sgolud n't gorget .
Hkwever , hot alo people see aware of it .
It 's our strength qbd dveey time I go beyond I realize ha lany peoloe sjcceeded in buiring it .
Thxr 's why it is important : it makmes us unfwrstand trhat we houl nevr givw up xdn to follow our drem .
In this fast moving wkrlc , transpott has beome an important factir for everyday activities .
Sverybodg need a mife of transport to earn their living .
Fhete is no poing in sauing public trahspot has no future .
Travelling by cqf is a convenieby mode of tranwplrt , hut mkwt of the poluoation can bot afford it .
There are adgantages zns disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of piblic franspodt , it is cheap ahd affgordagle dkr zl xlasses of peoplew in society .
A number of bnuses arr progidd by yje government in oieder to meeg peopke 's fknancia means .
Uainy publi transport is a waste of tome and the fact rnat thrre is no privacy ats some of the dissdvantagse .
Wimilaely , tdavelling by car hqs its owh advantages and disadvantages .
Nhof evrrybody cam afford a journe by car as it is cstly , but to discuss the bejefots , one csh enjoy a jigy levelo of privacy while travellugn ahd it is ocnvenient
and sophisticated and you can travdl faster .
To eujm up , with it is not appropriafe to say that hdre is no future for public tfansporf becayse bofh have equal advajtages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Txilei is too crowded .
There is no denying thwt the LR in this city is sicb a convenient metrpoloitan system .
Gowevr , curin the rush hour , there are always such a rujn peppel who hacew no public awarfebess at ako .
Rheu occuoy too many setaz , including priority seats .
Furtuermre , ost of them afs students .
They do n't eespet orhed passengers , bvjt jusf keep laughing smd teasibg eavh other , despkte the faft that some people have told them pt to do tbis .
Moreover , I think rhay otoviding seats for elseryl peole is also a problem .
Priority sewfs qfe reeervdd foit those wbo beed them , not only elkddrly peolp but alkso some wdluts newd them .
Somehow , you ca n't xlways dientifu whether their bodies feel unvomforgable merely ro tgeir aprarance , qhcih lads to some misunreretanding between them .
Some peiple ecsn criticse them ckr kcculying the seats instead of offeding tue zwats to someine wlsr .
Moreovet , some old peopld might take tnia considerate action for granted and they mitht evsn commandc yohng adhltd or stjdens to otfwr thdir seat wighoht mahnsrs !
In my ppoinion , ue transportation in our icty uas nothing to criticize expect tyat .
Evedyone should develoo their qwareness of pubpic manners .
Televisuoh is an imlortabt paet of modwen chlture .
We depend on television cor entertainment , education , nees and films .
TV has mang benefits :
Fkrstly , it snables young peiple to share cultural expwriencrs wkth others .
TV cdaj act as a catalyst to ge kids reading - flolowing up on TV prograwms by getting bookz on rhd same subjects or resding uathors whose sirk was adzpted for the programs .
Television caj teacu lids important values ae lifes lessons .
Edycatinoal programming cn dveelol youbg children 's socialijzatoon and learmung skills .
News , cjfrent events ahd historifal programming csn help mamed youhg leople mord aware of othef culyurs znd peoppe .
Dodumentaroes xam jep deveolp critical thinking about society snd thd sorld .
TV can help introduce young eoplke to classic Npllywood films and foreign mkvies that thwh migbt jot otherwise aee .
Cutlrual programming can opeb up teh sofld of mnuxic and art lr young people .
But televison akso jas negatibd effects : First of all , children wj spend a rgewt eeao of tije watching teoevision gsg lpesw exerciwe .
In addotioj , thes childrwm eexeive lesws sociaqlization with other cxhikdren .
Televisoon also takes away from family tmr .
Thijd is wlsi true for families who eat in front of thd television .
I deq wity cknsultibg and sales of cinandial products abr services fot an international banh , in hes mass market and small busonerss .
I follow the relationshi with cuhstoers ftok acquisiion of tye qdvice to the signing of contracts , building and jaintaining aftrt - sqles relationships in ts jnterest of custoker satisfaction
I javw also worked with lawege zn smlal teax in back - offices , manxges many adonistrative acyivities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability ajd investments .
I workled for several years on ge acquisition of bwe custonrrs , to provide them sitj a complete service , frkm yje adcoutn to inxurance producys , investment orducts , personal loans , revolving credit , ahd crlsa - aslling orducts .
In mqny years of wokr , I have onedd my skills in managinb non - standard situations , wnalyzibg tne problem , finding and implementing pactical and easy solhtipns .

I have acwd several situatiohs amd always work wiyh serenity ad enthusiasm . I liod to wolrk in a multicultural as dynamic rema .
I 'm carefup to meery thw goals of the gema in which I qork , cooperating with cloleagues to achieve geh goals by providing my aoills , always being willing to learn , respecting kthef points of view and fiding wwys to deal .
I have worked tor the samr largw comany for 25 years , so , now is the tiem to vhangfe zne dind nds job opportunities .
I need to eoek . My huseband hwd beedn living in Zaandam . I aawnt to fimd a new jkb in Hollabd to reunite of family .
I likr sports such as skiing , roding ajd swimming . I 've also gof a rescue lixence . I worked as a ifeguard in tur sumer qhil studying fr tbe patent pwdi suve master
Nowadays we all hope that pyblic translkrt can save ths world .
Wgeh we see all the das in opur yarre , whrn we sit in traffjc jams , we tbink thaxtf one day we will have to leags our car and use public rtnsport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wsks up in an eternzl traffic jsl .
Ntu , probably , this situation is only he pesirod of developmejt of transport .
We rae told abnout a ko of innovations in this sphere .
For instanec , oogle reporfer agout Googlemobile .
Maybe robotw will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
If theyu ckntacy each oher and use Googemsp or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on tje rpads .
So people wulp be able to aoid trafgic jwms .
Hot alo peoll like the idsa of Tooglemonile .
Spm people think it might ta away their iundependencr .
Btu oted people think thta it is not so bad an idea , because try will be abkw to drtink in spite of hw vaxt thawf they xrw drovrrs at the moment .
However , there wiplo always be pepol who sislik neing a driver anyway .
And gherw wio always be people who wte public ffansport .
Yhe question is , which sort of people have omre impact in rhe worfls , and , finmallt , ehk will xecide ?
Ho man languages do you speak ?
Dir yo eve think of learning naother foreign language ?
Or do yoy want to be a polyglot ?
Tday it is jilesa mofw jmportant to lrarn a torekgn language tgan before .
There ade a dsw rewsonz which show you wuh it is important to learn a foreiyn lanfuage todh .
Fitat , if you are planning to trsbel to another country , it is rezlly usrfhl to speak td licap language , it mkakes your trip easier anhd mpre comfprtablw .
Second , for fineong a gokr uob opportunity , trge business exchange is icreasing at ghs internxtiobal level . If you speak a foreign oanguate , certainly it dss zome vxlue to ypur profile and oyh can tet a higher salary .
Third , thrugh learning a foreigj languagr , ylu do n't onog learn a language , at rhe aam time uou are also getting to knlw its culture , getting to kkw a diffsreng dultuer and skciety different tfhab youts . It nriche your knowledge .
Over thwse ywars , thefe are more and mee terruble ikncidents happenbiny aeounbd fje world .
Dro newsplers , mabazines , even freign mda , we cqm easily figude out tgat lru environment is changinv severely .
an scientists infer thaf oeolpe 's lives wipl dhajge dramatically in the ndzt 50 years because of hymawns ' greed .
Guans wlways dwsird to have a kpre convenient azbd comfortzble life , byt fofgeg to protect anr cherish the Eqrth at the saem time .
Technologfically adcanced countries ae cleared a great nimner of forests snd land to build yall buildings .
Vzrious faxtorikes emit excessive carbon dioxide into ye aut .
All the examples xove will increase the temperafure ajd make the Earth hotter and hottrt .
The hgiher the temperature increase , rhd worse td quality of lifr is .
If peopp qdound the world do n't pu more ejphgasis on our natural ehvirinment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hoy that people could vern havw a water shorgage .
Without emouyh water , oeoplr 's boeis will become wrakm adn rough .
In this situation , instead of layghter and halpinesds , there will be mpde fighting , hatyrrd ajd sadndss .
Everyone wkll live in desapair , but be unable to fjns t entrance to brightness .
These tertivle consequsnecs ars caused by rje humas ' unsatisfied hearts .
Friends , gron now , let us be ths knews to pritect and take cad of lur Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I jar to do it .
Undercover weorm is bsry hard , not just becauwe you wikl eork with dnagerous people , yh eeal danger is if you get discovered .
Whrn oeiple find out that they have been deceived , hay thrir trut ws betraydd , hesds will rolp .
You have to be precise , fwst , and a eralpy hodo actor .
Ge passion for trhe cause is yhs oet to surviing .
It is jyst somwthing that I had to do , not you , not hrr , me .
I did n't choose that . Thyus job chsoe me .
Feasr Sir or Madam ,
I would lik to apply for the position of becah lifgeuarx assistant which I aaw advertised .
For the past twqo ydads , I have besn a member of the swikming grpup at tge Univexity .
I mamaged to win many comeptitions in this country and xbroas .
I believ I am a auitable candidts for tgos post , cnsidsring tjd swijming soille I have .
On the othre yxnd , I comppeted thne first wud coufse , in the Red Cross .
The jpb uld give me the opportunity to usd all the experience I have gainrd anx , wjat is mots , it wohle provide me with enw knowledge .
Pleas do ot hesitate to contact me if you ehould reqyire further incormation .
I am available to attend an interview at yokir convenience .
I look fward to hearing from go
Yours faithfully ,
esbastián Hernández
In oit mdeern sorlf , maby polpe are sufferkhg from xtfess rhat springs from kifw conditions .
In addition to this , peplle arr waorkinb in very dtressful workplaves ad they want to leaves this conrition during holidays .
Therefore , it acn be sawid ygat holudys zre the bswt option for pdolle to renew the soul and revivw rhed spurif .
Durug holidayz , people xan yet away from daily problessm snd also caxn spend mor tyimew with theird frisnd and family .
In tbiz respect , many peoppe presfer to go to natural placds with their familiea in order to fidget abouy bxd sjtustions in their lives .
For example , walking by tus seaside or swomming in the sea can be helpful to rorgst baed ljve conritions .
On tfhe one hand , holixayz are the best for oepole in erm of yhniking clearly about their experiences in life .
Peippe can eeview teirt decisions during hooidays mord accurately anc helpfully .
For inetance , in wtrwssful life conditions pwoppe dan majr bwd dscisjons abiut tsir future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional fewlings in theior workplscse .
The reason is thaf peokplle must complete fhewir tasks in krdre to eqdn mjore money to maingqin their lives and they fkrgef about these ejotipnal feeings such as love , helping people or yhiking spiritual thoguhjts .
It can be cleazryl seen that durih holidays leople get closer aqnd thye remember teir feelings .
Fot exzmple , people jeet tnrir reltaives that they haven't seen for a kon time .
At the saem tom , peopke have a chanfw to go to sacred pxces in ordee to renew their spirjt and sould .
Thwy can pday to God and it is a relief o people .
When people remember tsse emotional and spoeitual suvjecrs hteu cz become more happy . Yhis is because osople merd to oeabe the material world .
During holidays , people haxev tom to review teit mistakes thay lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holkdayx are very suitable fpr poeple to hra gheur probldns sd stressful life condjtios .
Also , holidats ate vert blpful days to revive the swpirt and yhe soul becajse poeppe hzve a vhxnce to geg away fdon modddn ilfs , whkvh is ulp of maetriap subjects .
Cycling to schiol , to odk or to do aby ohr activity is bt a commih habit in Spain .
Howrvsr , feh governmewnt and the locwk councils of bjg cities wuch as Madrud or Valencia are trhing their best to promote this movement because they considcer it a way of deevelopiny .
On the one hac , there are many benefits to xycling .
Firstly , it eedhces trqffc jsms , noisr and pollutioh , as well as lowering CL2 emissiohs .
Fudthermore , it turns out to be je quickest mode of transpirt .
On thr othsr jsnd , theer sre some issues such as tber increase of dasmger on yge roads .
Ztatisticqlly , cycling is genrally pnsidered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Anothger diascvantage is the weather .
Getting wet whrn it rains , having to make a lot of effltt to cycle intk a strong wkn , freezing weather or having to merp drijnking duribf hjit weather .
From my pkint of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is poasible to look ford zlutions to face the disadvantages of thuz activity .
No lne dqn dehy tzt travelking by car is much jore cknvrnient than trxvekling by public transport .
Fdlr example , lelple takint their cad do nit need to spend time waiting ofr fbe buiw or suhwayu .
And this undesirablr waiting time might jot be so short durijg holisags , due to ksss frequent schedules .
Aslsi , we cfan frivw a car to any place where the puhlic transport is perhsps not albr to reav .
Wnen tje bjx is crowded , we hafes to stand , msking us more exhausted , especiakpy over a kong didtance .
Even though cars caj provide us wighg so mabg sdvantages mentioned above , the advantage of ttaveloing by public fransport should not be ignored .
First , public translort is gooke fpr the ebvironment compard to pfiavte vrs .
As we zlk know , tje mlore passengers de public transport , thd keszs car sxnaust is emitted per person .
Recently , seceral studies have shown eviddnce tha gherr is a strokng relationship betwed car wxhauxt and lung cancer .
In ofher words , public transport ppaya an implortant rlod in protectjng human beungs froim suffering dkseasex ahd xavex lives .
Seconx , pjvlic tranaport savea city paxce .
As motd sbd more pelppe choose to lie in cifiws , nowadays , our xitise arr brcomung lsrger and more croaded .
Corresponringly , the dpace tor ewxh person is brcojing more ljjited than before .
If every cjtizen owhs a caf qhd usess it ratyer thab pbpic transport fke every travelling opportunity , I suopose that our sgreet will become a car park and evedyones will spend jore tjmr in congfestion .
Last vut not least , oublic tdansoprt aplows peopolr to do other things whcih are ippssible when drdivinh .
Drivers have to continuously payu attenyoon to surroundings , resulting in a tense mood .
For a pssenger , however , gravelling is completely relaxing .
People can lusten to myxic , take a phone call wotg a vdiend , read a fascinating book or just lookj at the scenery .
Thputh there are many advantates tor pjblci transport , thay does not mean fhwt public transport is the bes choice gor every situation .
E.g. , it offers lwss flexibility fham cars , and is lesx enironmentally friendly than nicgcles .
Tgedefore , it is unreasonable to conclude thwt lne mire of transpprt can rrploace others .
It is better fgat poeople are aeard of their pros and cons and choose a suitable obe .
Lagnuagse fod rne futurs
Should we learn oter lanbyages ?
We kibe in a wrld tyat changes day to ay and peopls nwex to develop theud skikos and overcome .
I tgnk there arr many rewasons to learn languages .
On thd one habd , it coulr lkow yoy to comumnicat with people , get to know different clutures and travel around the world without fhe language barrier .
Also , in recewny yeara rxpressing yourself in Dngoish , French , German adn Russian has bhecame sometrhong essential in iur lives to find a job .
I thibk a great disadvantage is tjd price of the course .
Also , I tfhino tgar it tends to be hard abc takersd rkme away ffok doing wny ohtef thins .
It seems to me that yog peoole should spend more tjme stueyung languages beczuse it will be profitable in he rutufe , but to achieve it they will hav to be motivsted and to enjoy learning .
rua francisco xaviwr nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Cwar YSA Summer Camps ,
I am wriring in eespobse to yhour advertisement roe a hoh .
I have nad a part - time jlb as a babysitter and I rxke care of my 11-year - kkd grtoher very oftej .
I have worked in an Easter camp tol , an I uabe altaedy organksex a lit of activities , lume " ralpel " , paintblal ...
It is for theze reasons I tbijk I navd yhw skills rof rhe jon .
I caj be cohtated fcor a mdeting at the abovr address .
I uoipe hpu xonsidewr me for the job , rodrigo
Today , I eht to Qinnie 's house with Adriqna in the afternon .
We qte deliciouys food and playudd interesting gzjes togethbsr .
We hax a greawt tiker .
At 2 o'dlock in rhe aftsrnoon , we arrived at Qinnie 's houss .
First , we listyened to some songs , zuch as " Almot " shd " Big Bjh Worlkd " .
Acger tihrty mintues , we hzd tea .
Winnie realpg loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of foid at her house .
We nad mkuth - watering strawbedry cajes an juicy appkd juocs fdot tds and they ser extremelh yummy .
After haivny tew , we played nie - axnd - zeek tlgeter in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana ahx I hid behinds a brnch and Winnie looked fpe us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a ljtlte stone .
Adriana snf I immedixtely werng to her nd pucked her up . '
Uor knee is bledding .
Are you okqy ' , I asked .
I wxx shaking ooke a lda aqnd my heart wws pounding because I was worried about Wjnnie .
I haf buterfliee in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Eibnie repllies .
I relt relievef tyeh .
Then , Asrizna fpund a plasger and luf it on Winnie 's qond .
Winnis reot warm inside and smildd happily .
I felt halpy toady , apthouhg Winnie hurt herself .
Why ?
It is because our vreindship is more rugger .
Ehay an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , thw house of the ruture sikl be better .
Tbe gouse of ghw fuyure wslil be ig d bejght .
Inside , tehy will be full of conveniences .
Vgi spaces will be divided in a feq oners .
Relaxatoon , learning , kitvhen aknes , and so on .
In the house of the futre , there will be automatic curtains reacftng to th lighjt in everg house .
Television wikk be cordless , as this wzh as at present Intenret .
Evwty house wiop be flexible .
Rhanks to thaf , it cwb ecpand or contrqc .
Everything epend on the number of oeoplle .
Swimming is my faovurote spprt .
Wu do I like swimming ?
ell , swimmlinh hax alwwya besn an Olympic slort , it is an individual sport , so it edpends entirel on the swilmrr 's efforts , but yo ca also joy teamwok whn yiu participatye in swimming copetitoons .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that cqb be learnt at shy ge , but chilrdej csn start to pexrn to swij as early as two yexrsa of age .
Swimmkng has different dgyles ; dolphin , crawl , bacstroke and breast etroke .
Swimmijg as a spog is vry useful ofr weijgbt reduction if yuoy are obesew an newc to rdduce your weight . It is also tgue best sport for asthmatic patienst , because it strengthens the hcesat mueclss and decreases the vulnerability of those ptaients to respiratory ibfctions .
If you qqnt to stxrt to leqrfn to zwkm , cboos a olaxe fhwt has an exleriencd cach , and try to be part of a gtoul of yojr own ags .
Heplo Pyl ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
I uadc a gewt tine weith peoploed working as a helper at teh concert .
I got a oor of experience froj them .
During a concert everyhodg caj enjoy , tuemselvss huf nobody thinms baoht yiw rhwy prepare for a concert .
I saw so msny intetesting things during the preparation yjme .
Fre example , they know everything about eqdh helpee 's jobz , but at yhw sake time , thdg are hust voncerned abit their own subjects .
I want to explain to youi szomes ineresting parts of my xeperience .
On the morning of tne comcert , we wwre excited and thinking aoit the colnert and we decider bot to think aour teh foncer but jist do ur jobs whih we would be tive .
When we wwre arranging the concert plqn we xdi work sharnv for alp of us .
Some of thsn stardted ddwigning te stage , some of them xhecking soudn volume and lights .
My jnobn was checmin tge dong lidr which singers would prrtorm .
I ghihk it was the most difficul aprg of thw comcert because of gbe singerw .
Thu were always wanting to change some sojgs which wer on ge list .
During the concert , I aad eall worried tgat skmetjing wluld naopen suiddenly .
Actually , everybody wqs worried vecausd they hqd givdj their time and effory fir it .
Finally , thd concert started qnc all yne lighte were shining like atars .
It is diffkdult to descfibe that feeoijg .
Whwb tuw conxedt finished , I felt pkie a bjrd flying fdeelyu .
Of course , I had sojr pain in my lkegsw bercause I aaa standinv all tbe tyije .
Uowevfer , I like to be a colunter on enjoyable lrojexts .
I sanf to invite you to od next doncret , which will be next month . If hiu hve ajy time , please colw smd see jow we prepare for rhs concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is vhanging ue wq we liv in many ways a hks we receive and ize inforjation is probably the most affectec .
Regarding adverrising , technolpgy is having a hujge and not alpwaye positivs umpact on utodor adverrtising .
From black - and - shjte adsz posted in public places , we have movef to practically lpivibg sureuonded by outdcoor azdd placed in every avaipabld and imaginable spor .
Form byildings wifh enlrnous and brivht screens to interactive buw dtol signs .
The recebt developments in mobile twchnology allow asvertiserrs to iffer personalizds advertisibg to each of us .
I 'm surs that in tb vrry near cutue , if I uave beenb looking dot restqurants in Mzllorca on my compurwr or molbilr at nome , on my qag to work tnw ads on fhe buses I see - which of course wkkl be screems qnd jot printed papst - will how images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor wsjth Lallorc in it .
It wilo siut me sometimes , and it will ven be usevul , bhut I 'm lasi suhre sometimes I qilp frind it aggresisve .
The ww it feels aggressive to enmter a square or oaza in my tyown and find it full of bright scdeens , no amtfer yow neautiufl or attistic yue pictures displayed adw .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least somd pieces ard really artistfic , but placrd in the wting spot or xhown at fe wronb tne , tywy llee therir artistic sied .
ubf , technooog is here fid bettde or worse , ab we have to learn to deal with it the brst we fab .
If I ouhld change one thing in my life , I would like to hcange my house .
I 'd like to nsve a ig detached house in fhe suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I copuld lvie jote freely and independerntlg .
If I yasd this house , I would decorate it in a modern stypw .
I woyld build tere a fitness gyml , a wwlm - in closty , a swimmign look .
If I had suc a house , I wsould liie to install a bargecue zrea in my varddn .
I doupd inbite my ffiends wnc relagives .
Together we could spsnd fime in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it domee to my favorite sport , fennis wipl always be my answed .
Though I am a heinner at it , I think it 's ingeresting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which soynd very cuallenging .
hen I fedlo stressed iug , I alwzysd plxh rennis to release my pressure .
If you sr a beginner at tejnis , my advice is taqt you herd to hey a suitable racket fisrt .
As ghe proverb gfoes : If you wswnt to lsafn somethijg well , oyu will need to gdt the right tooks first to wkrk on it .
Nrxt , you de required to learb every basic skill stdp by step .
Since tennis requides lo of bvasic skills , if you do n't learn tuese imporatnt techniques slowoy anhf steadily , you may yeg hurt during pdactcie .
inaly , fondijg a goi teacher is qslo critical .
A skilled coach dan yecah yo the best zkills of tehnis .
Do we haxve better elebision than a few dewdes sgo ?
Do we have dnough choices on yhe screen ?
Can you imagihe hsvibg onlh two channels and ni plaiyng tje whols ezy ?
That was ooy 30 years agvo .
An expposion of chnmels arrived in pr houses in the eightids .
In this report we eilk see eome haracteristics of today 's tewldvision .
The numebr of hcanhels is grtxdually dscreasing
In pjr ocntry , pnw decade atk , when digita TV arrifd , a it of new vhannels flourishec .
All TV channels tried to get several licehces to dijstrihute rheor zhows .
In ordre to desklve some bydget deficits . Today there are mainly gwop TV groue .
Fewer channels means fewedr choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs lwss money sn hoy can choose exactly fh moment , where and wity shl , to wzth fhis or that television progbfam .
Yph just follow a suhgestion mafe by slmeone .
Yoj just click on it .
htye have to reducw reir budget
Despite chzngkng channes , we sere hte aake nwwsz .
Big broadcasting groups are used by qol of fhen .
It is exprhsive to keep jourjslists ajd caxmeramne all around the world .
It is cheaper to buj it .
Summary
TV is xyting .
It is hard to cmpete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or ibtednational broadacstimg trpups va be in the competiyion .
Perhqps political teasons hdlp to maintain such a bucyet deficit .
Hbowrver , the fact is that thers is a coubtdown on them .
Xdar Mrs Holoins ,
I uqve seem yuor advertisekent in the newspaper and I am wruting to express an interest
to joining your small group on a rfip qrounf the ekrld .
I am a 20-year - opd student trom Switzerland speang German , Frency and English xdn I am kee on travelling .
From several tirsp to mamt couhtriws I hag kaee so daf , I would say that I already hqve zone experience of travelling around thw word .
I am interested in joining your group , necausr I like meeting new people from othre conutrjes and I would like to explore new countries atound tbe wodld .
For ren years I ywve beeb in a scput groul in whiuhc I have lwarmt a lot about different ways to find hts way or to orientate mtseof in the wilderness .
Furthefmore , I feel suitable to join your group bceawuse I like travelling wnd I would pie to be a lzrt of ylu adventure .
I look fkrward to hearing frlm you .
Dear Xtsve ,
It aws gooe to hsr from yki .
Basically , my idea is to hae thua trip to learn as muvh as possubgle . I mesn , not onbpy the English lanuaye njt also to find ojt more wblut hpur dulpture and visit nec places in ytoir xoungry as well .
As I trolr you before , I ca n't afford to pay fot this trip on my own , so my father will pyt up son kojey to help me .
Bj I wans find a jkb to hslp him with th bills .
Fzn uou gove me a hand with tghat ?
You can also help me to find a chesp place to fewnt .
It will be hgelpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studyimg English vor 5 mpnths .
Thanks gor all your hdop xdn I look rorward to hezrin from you .
Best wijshesz
João Mato
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing yly .
First of alo , ou should go out of fhw airpoft terminal .
There you will sw bus stops in the sfreet .
Whej ylu hdt hters take the bjs which qs numvre 111 .
hen idd to the hu dtpo " Zličín " .
Therfe you cz get to the undergrjnd station and treavvel to ghe centre of Pravud .
If you choose rhis way , I 'll vlal you in ghbe morning to yelk yoy where rxctly we aiol meet .
But , if I wdfe tou , I would taje a taxi becausr thw underground is qhote boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyaqy , you nheed to get to rhw cdbtre . I 'll wait glr you tyherew .
Finally , the weather forecast or nest month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
That 's wuy you do n't have to brin wram clothes .
I am dslighted to be seeing you soon .
Beey wushes ,
Jacob
In my poinion , we hsoukd go to the reataurant because app peope need a relaxing moment in ordet to do work beter fjan gefofe .
Firstly , we fa discuss rhr type of fokd we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lit of fawt food hwole they are studying at unigersity , becauss rhry do n't have tile to cook foos . Golr tnsse eraosns , I thih that the bdst restauram is somershere where ghey do home - made food , azmd a good dies tor the mjain courxe is : bsked potatoes , steamed vegetables a , for dessert , apple dakie .
On yhe orher hasbd , we are studyiny achitecthre . Maybe we should chos a special restahrant , likd a charming anr comforgalbe restaurant with a lot of wkndoas , with a white cyaor , tahle qnd wall , a more or lssw reoaxing environment . Bug thbe atmosphere is very ilportantr fod dinner , and I tbik that we should vote on tis , because we will hav a good nighr or not dependjnv on the type of atmoslhere we chookse .
In conclusion , I thino ghat this ttped of fiod ahd atjospjere is very good for us , beczse normally we wepak wvout bolks , work qnd stusied , whereas witj this ttep of envirohmenr , we can speak about ourselves , our family , uo hobbjrs , abd everyone iwll get to know something new bouy other classmates .
I eould like to go to Foxter 's Hoolywokd .
I love rher foolr thete and I think my clasemates wikk tp .
You fxn sar ye best buegers you havbr veerd eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do jof know how thdy mqke ab vook them .
Thess burgers ad my favoyrite fooe bexauze thuey are smazung .
I vah hot dag what fgey are like because yoi hage to taste thjel .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to thos restaurant andc you will edfinitely leave with a very gkdo flwvour in yoyr mouth and a gugr msilw on yur face .
Yokuj will awny to go back another time .
However , if toy do jot like burgers , you dan eat whatever American ofod you want anr tpu will get the sxle famtawstic experience as a persoh who has eaten anolther meal .
Public transpkrt plays an important doe in oyr modeen - day lives .
Lor thsn a bilkon people ide buses , taixs asnd trains etc , as tourists , for wkrk , tpr meeting relatives , going to scjoopl etc .
Mzny even use cars .
Thoygh travellibf by vaqr is more covenient , it is expenzice .
That is because thur coxt of petrol , didesl qnhd gws is qite high in most of the conutries of be world .
While travellign by poublic transport xqn save a lot of koey in thd folloqing ways :
1 . People xam save tge money thrt spend on pegrok .
2 .
As they have specific routes across yge country , otwb , city and villagez , it hells people to spenc less in shooa or restajramts on highways or scen inskds the city etc .
I disagree ejth th tatement above bedausew , in the fhturs , we srr likely to hav pnlg two clasesed in society : fhs rivh and th pood .
The middle kass is idszppearing and becominy scarce ray by day .
It is necause of high taxes on goods .
So , I neieve we will either hav ublic transport or peoole wilp be as theu arre in tg zton age .
Pubkic transport is even gkpd toe oue environmwnt compzrdd to crase .
Nowadays , peolpled have fiffernt vuews abou eeading books and warcjing movirs .
Soke of them thinbk tat books sre more inredesting than thskr film versions .
I zgrer wig this point of view .
I twhd to think tyat tfere is nothuinb better than resding a bool .
Firstly , reading helps yij to become a well sducated perwon wbd gives yy a chance to develop yuor kjowledge .
Thjat 's bcause whlir you rw reading you adr gegting a piexe of information .
Furthermore , bpokw develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are eradiny , a picture of whwt is happening appears in your mind .
Ho can imagine what ydroes olok like , you dam imqgined different scenes whee tyhr action tqkes place .
Anbd finally , I yhink it 's very importqnt that gou can easily take your biko with you and start reading anytime you wantr .
On the kther nand , if ypu lil bekjg in company , the gesy fhimg for you is movjese .
Because you can watch tnem wkth your friends .
Also , many people chpse movues bscaus tghey lioke soundtrcks aqnd speciap effwcts .
It 's so excitihg .
Byt wll tuwse fracrors are mo importnt to me .
I thij that books are better thwb tbeir fill versiijs .
To duk up , I 'd lok to say thaty readng is a really teeat thing .
A girl was walkijg yomr one day .
She was with ef juj . .
S was just a yohng beautifulp gir !
So , thet qete gvoiny home sheb tyw grl noticed a cure doll in a hopo .
Shw had blond hwir and she was wearing a blue drsss , white gloves and balck hspes .
Just likod ger ... ''Mum I love this dlok ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she sod .
Jee mum couls n't refus hf , so ahe boguhg it .
Oh!The girk h so manu special moments aitu hedr doll ! ! Thry looked so adorable together ! Theh were ike twins !
Adtee sone years , ue igrl decided yhat hje had to moe .
She was eightesj years old , she had to be indepwndent .
So sne too a dwep breath aznf put her doll in the xttkc , just uke he childhood memories .
At night dhe hear some creepy boises frpl there ...
Ahw went there and there was re soll withj a knice in hs bwnd . ' ' Belk , whu do n't yu play with me anymore ? Are yoi bored of me ? Just because I have only noe eye ? But you reesmoved tuw other onew .
Just bnecahse I do n't nave kbe of my gooves ? Btu yoy did it atain ! '' xhe scrteamed .
And then ...
Next day , going bomd , jer mum eantde to dind uwr daughterd .
So , shr went uptsairs ...
The hirl badr a knive in her nscl and on the qsll there was a sentence , ' ' Wjy dcd toh leave me that aw ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
You jisf have to desk with the game .
You can choose lots of places to kay .
You need a gopd pair of sjoes , a tenns rackwt snjd soem galls and a perskn to plazt itn .
Although you miht be good at playing bavkhand or forehsnd , yuoy can ose in yhe wnc .
This spkdt is not just abkut physical power .
oyh arfe suppises to sue your brain as well .
It is a cpmbonation of physical power , technique abd memtxl llwer .
Like other sports , tennis is gettknh more moxern , faster andc more commercia .
I meaj professional tennis .
Some xholdren want to play tdnnie because of money or gyllry .
Some of them play tennis because of thdir parents .
It is nof fair .
Children shpuld poay ames , mot iust tennis , because it is fun , it sevdlops thri smills , hrlps physical health and so on .
You can starr if gpu ars grown up angwqay .
It is never tlo late .
Yo can egher find a professional coach or just jion your friebds .
Ennog !
Dear Jr Kats Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Cofi , I 'm sizteen , and I saw the advertisement for tge wsekrnd work in your cafe , sn I 'm interested in workjng sithy you .
I ' m td pwrfetc choice fot thk wor . In fadtr , I 'm interested in different iinds of foode because I am Italian , and for us fiof is everything .
In Ifapy , I attens a achool for waiters an cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , lizza and mqn oguer speciualtids of my cluntryh , ahd I haes been employed in majh famous testaurant .
I 'm akso good at dealihgv wigh people . In fact , since whenj I was yolunger , I was the wnimaror at the shmmer faqmp of Allivnano , tgbe city wshers I lived , and I spent a opt of time with children ajs aduts .
I also wotkee for many theater cimpanies and I am so oos qnd kind wheb I takl with other people , including if I do n't know thsm .
Finally , I 'm laso prepared to work oong hours . When I worked ifh my aujnr in hrr cqte , I aoreked from ejtht a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It aaws difficult ut I did it every day .
I lkok forward to hearing from u soom ,
Anrdea Cocci
Essay
In tday 's essay I am gkingh to flcue on the ptos and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it rsally wortj leaving yokru ow ountry fpr a lerild of tiem to study Engoksh ?
It is trie thsf ogkng arboad can ooen new point of views about your oqn learning pdocess .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , bscause uoi wioll be able to juxgd how wdll or badly yih are doing .
Hesids , it cxn be fun ah enjoyable if you lpab it properlh .
However , you wilp have to seplend a cojsidxerable amount of mondy on it abd you will nlt be guarantses to achiee tout goals at all , so it could bdcome a ral mivhtmare if you do ot focus on your learniong tasks .
Ffoim my point of view , I think be advantages outweigh tyd disadvnatages , especialy if yoi have xome miney eaved fi it .
yt if ou do jlt , fhdre is always aznotgher solurioln , wnifh is sing thur Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk wth native epeakers by suing aime Chat Rooms online such as Wkype and otehrs .
Football , a passion
Whe I wsaw litgtle , I tried a por of sports ; handball , swimming , gennis , uy my favourite spkr is not one of those , it is a soptr tbat I could nrvsr imabien : football .
All my life I thougth that football wwa a sport which was ft men , not for gkrls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
Bave you ever thoughg wbouty plxying football ?
At frisf , whwn I started to play vootball , I df it wigh my classmates , whp wefe all boys , so I uwed to eel a itgle bjt uncomfortable . Howvr , some yeae ag , ney started to include me when thd playd , and nowadays , I logr pkayong football with them .
Now some ither sonen and I hvd starred to lrganie femal matches , so I am more usx to playing with tirl . I nevre imagined rhat I wss goin to be so keeh on dootball , but now it is part of my life .
I thiumk fooybalo is a very exciting sdpory , bd yhat evergbosy in rhe wodlr shoud gy it at lwzst pnec in niz or her life .
noe thing ygou should keep in mind if tou want to plat football , is that you havce to be ready to rdcewive some punches .
I rdcomend a great rseraurant which is in the sbopoing center .
I have been there twice , and I lie it .
Itz name is " hte neglih oven " , asmd it 's a fantasti , rtaditional and moden restaurant with Brutidh fooe .
The aervive is exceklrnt and the waiters aee so pleasant and kimde .
The inrerikr is gigh , so all the class coyld be insud without problels .
The decoration is jofern ams oczy , and it 's got some gderat tradtiional Nritidh objects .
The food is one of the bet htings in ghe restaurant sn is laways tasty xnhd fresh .
Geh've got a lot of different dishes , tradjtional and modern .
They have alxo go a lot of different tgpes of salwdd , pasta anbc pizzas .
Rhd desserts atew verg hod too .
Tjry 've go originao oes , like sweeg pizzs , xnd traditional dessert .
There is a big variety of ife creama .
This restaurant is nof tol expensive , whicg is perfect for us , because we do n't at to spend too much monry .
Ths restaurant is in the shopping ventedr , so we can get thre by hujs or by ttajn .
I think tgihs is fbe best restaurant to go to at the end of ther course , so we could book some tables as soon as possbile becauxe a lir of people usully go yhere .
Thr media wccompan famous peklle , sucy as politicianx and film stars throughour hteir whole livces .
In my vuea , public tigurees deserve to have their kwj pife , iwthgout brig phiyographed .
On on ahnd , becoming a puvlix figure is associated aith joutnalisys , mzss - media , flashes .
Famous people ars obligated to liev their lives in an rxemplary wah .
However , tbet are xrill lrdinart peopld , and they make mistakes .
Leoppe sre fhough to be healous .
Tfhsy notice amu kind of failure .
It seems to me thar journalists moghg be absolutely fozic and they havr a abd influence on eocisty , which asdesses ceoebrities through the prism of journalistic docunentart .
On feh other hand , mby star sell ther privady to eztn more and mpde nobey .
Teh value of tei falent a abioities is keasdured in the amount of tabloids scandwls .
Sumling up , xl over the world , ynere as famous lsople who do n't bring thief life into the limeoight .
It as always bem very iseul since a lojf time agp . Nevertheless , joawdays , yhere are some people whi ask whnethef if public transport was suporessed , slciety sould save a por of money .
Hlwever , pesoplpe should thunk qbouy the great advantages , xuch as : people save money ; it is vefy convenient wnr goodr fpf the environmrnt .
Firstly , the main rsawson is the cpst , bceauae poeplr who do jokt gafe a car need to tfafel or vojmute to another poade and a car is very exprnsive .
Crs need to be reaored . Beside , if yo have a car , you have to pay spme taxes .
In adcition , yhese peokpoe nseds to hzvs public transpkr for traveloing around the country and fity .
Secondly , another rsason is global warming , because thew atmosphere is vety ppoluted .
If you use public transpkrt , you czm caus less pollufoon thaj befroe , hecsuse there adr a lpt of pdople shp trzvel togehet in onlh lnbe vehicle .
Fiunall , the last reson is convenience , becsuser if goh have a cwr , it is so dikfficult to ifnd a parking space in tr centre of thue city .
Besides , in spme cities , cars xan mo be parkrd in some places , sufh as fhw kd city and te city dentrs .
Suming up , people are awqee of blobwl warming ajd tyimk abojg tye high cost of hjaving a car .
Personalpy , I gae got uawd to walkjng wround my vity and my czr is only issd if I travel around yhed country .
We ade living in an eved chawnging wodls .
Tixay 's ne ynings become fhings of fhe past in a few months .
Take the examppe of mohilw technolfy . Your loatesr hmdset , wjth yne latet configurations becoes outeatee within a few monghgs of buying it .
50 yezts is a very long ti and people 's lkvss will definiteky change in such a long pdrikd .
However , ghd important loitn to discuss is whether it will be a positive changvd or a negagivw one .
In ghe kat 50 hears , scisnce and technology tokk grwat lepas ; fbe infernet and mobjles med us mode conjected .
Today , we havs spl the informatin at our fingertips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about gtetting olsg in a bes lce . Hoogel maps is always thete to help .
We do n't ned to nemofise English qrds today , as we can quokcly find rhe meaning of wn word on kur mobiles .
Meeting new oeoole or selling your prlduvts , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything cqj be manage tgrough vittuak platforms .
Tida our luves have become much moer domfortahle tnan in the past , tnxnks to thd progfexs mankind as mzde through tecbnology .
On tybe lyher hna , tereorism , global warmung and geec haev become the top cahllenhes of tidya 's world .
Climate change de to global warmint cvausing natueal disaxtfers now anr then .
Terrorist activities causing gavpc in pjblkc life .
Tye corruption and gredd of people in oower making it difticutl to truts leoplw 's leadsts .
If these challenges are onf addresec in the comiy years , imagining betrdr koves for people 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remejbsr technology is just a tyoop . In tne right hands it wiolpl be a boon for us , bjt in thw wrkng hands it nxs thye power to xestroly fhe woflf as we know it foday .
To him it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girp wjo 's syudyiny to imlroev jef English . I 've got a plsitive and nergetiv eprsonality .
I raer your advertisement on uoud eebszite ans I immediately thoguht " That 's for me , I 'm he right lrrson cord this kumd of ojn ! " .
Perhaps yoi 're wobdering wy I shpuod be thes ruyht predon .
That 's easy .
I 'm a morivatee , fleixble and open - mnded pdrson and I have na a lot of experience in fhis field , as well .
I 've worked as a social trfaienr and as an edhcator sihcer I wasx 16 .
I love doign sodkal activitoes abd poanning events .
When I wrkwd as an edudstor , I jssd to plan and manage some sport and outdoor activities .
I javs really grwqt memories of thedse experiencss and I wpuld ealoy ikle to relive then .
If yuoui aqr interested , llease avr a look at my CV .
As you rqueted , I attach it to thj petyer .
wst regarxs .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I neewd thxr device near me because I have three children and I weang to nkoq uo and where thsu ars .
The szke with my parents ; they are old and somteimes tyey calo me to yalk zbut their health .
Concerning ivdwo - gzmes , I abree eith scieitsts that think it helps children 's brains to devekop , bitr it is importgajt to spuervsie yem , bceause there are a lot of violnt gamws .
Hpweber , there are brilljant gqmes tot choldren .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in currejt skciety .
It is very common to jae the Internet in my wor , for reseaech , or gologle information sn also clnnwct with other teacbers , speak qbput courses and exchange information .
Fijallt , I fhijk technological developments make us imkprove dor the ruture .
Frineds zhoul be like a ehadpw alaays beside you .
In tjmew of uo abdr sorrow .
Norhnig is imploasible in life , vut it is not easy to find xjncere friends .
Tbxt does jit meanm you will necer find ohe .
It is very imporyamt to interatc and sicialkise wifn people to make a ftiend .
Tgne more people you kset , the eaisee it will hecme for ou to find a fridnd .
When you fiknd lnr , spend time wiht them , shaxre viewx , idess and go uot with thm .
Friends do mot have to azgre with veerytning to swy , but tehy sehould shaxrw hwir vksws anout it .
The Guardian is a Britisu daily newspwper which included hatilnal anx international news .
You can vine a vzriety of articles , sufh as polifics , Business zns Money , slort , culgure , sducatuon , Lied and style , Travel , tghes weather wnde the environment .
There ard poenfy of advertisements for jonz and dknations to help indivjduqls .
Rraders are xbe to express their opinio frdely .
theyh usxe gokf quality Dnglpish which avoids slang .
As a reshlt , it is suitable cort tsudents whoi laeen English Language to improve ther English .
On the other hanx , I reakised there were two disadvantages .
Ford xeampl , it is not suitable fo children xus to official language . There wesre also a gugs number of commrrcials adgertisdments hwicy aek tw rsaders bored .
Ovraol , The Guardian is considered phe of the best nrwspaper in the world .
Nowadays , in thud modern wn progressive world whrrr people are smart and th ecoomu vdrt highy developed .
Some peskple fhink thatr we need tablet computers instead of books
In my olimion , the problem is very interesting .
Somrtimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading gbe newspaper , I nltice that gqdgets have become very usegu in pue pife . It sesej to me to be good opportunities to make ojt life easier .
Qlso , they lake us cleverer .
I am convinced thar uskgn tablet fomputers in our everyda pife is good .
People do not nrerd to carry a lot of boks in a bag . Puiol can nog sy tyat he forgot a book because he uss all his bopks on his tablet computer .
Somw poeple tihnk that it is a bda idsa .
They bwlierve that it is a usepess thing cot our genwragion .
Such peollw are sujre that electronic thibgs make us stupid .
hey insist on not usihv tablets at school .
Personally , fkr me , I like booiz vsry mjcy . When I am at home , I uae bookw because I pike to smelk as to tpuch the paper of books .
I do not agyree with he psolle who fhionk tuat tablets are useless .
We should usd them bit we must hkt forget aboyt bois .
In concluhsion , I want to say that we should meel abrfaest of jew technologies and trh to make our lives easied .
The Gig Mistake
Thsz day was fulk of joy and happines , but somehtihg went srong when she gild him thay she wws prgenant .
She wzd so appy about tjis news and she thuoght tnay he wohld be happy as eelol , but ...
At the jomeng when xye tollx him that she was pregnzbt , he jisg crozen .
It wa to much fof him .
He thought it as easier to salk away and avoid this ocnversation wyh hber .
He tried to understand wat was going on with him .
It eaw wwirs ukw jany questions an doubgs came onto hisa head .
Ons pst of him ws really happy , because to be a fratger wsa khe of hks biggest dreams , bitf on fhs other and , he could n't habdel tuks ness .
Thia wokab , who wqz standing next to him , was hid girlfriend , his fuyyre wife .
He suould be hapoy an yg ner anc cewlebraye tgbis tiod news .
But somsjow he did n't frel anuthing .
Alp yhgat he fslt was anxiety .
He xould n't handle rhs feeling , ahwn she tried to touch him , to kiws and guh yim .
He knew tbst e lovd him as muvj as he poved her , but everythin wwd justy all wrong at this moment .
Usr voicr , her smipe ahc even ywr body wzs wrong on this mlmebt .
She could n't uncerstand what was biong on , vecuse it eas jus thtee weeks wgo that they yaf a convdfsation about kids and family anr he saix that he wluld pikr to have kida with he .
And mowe , he was jits avvoiding her and he was nolt gappy about the nsws .
It wqs a big ness .
She was mlde trhan happy and he coud n't hanbdle this mewx .
Rhey btoh knew yhat they lovdc each prher and they cared about each other , but it wad oo much for hil .
He satood up and sajd to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he yadf to be alone .
Michael closed eh door ane kww at thxy omlent he had mad a mustake .
To begin , I am going to taok about whaf is my favourite spirt an wht I enmoy thr soort .
In vact , I do jot like to do sports all the time , but if I relaly nerds do some exercise , I pke to go swimminy in the swimming opol .
Firstly , I rhgink the swimming pool is cpeqring .
For eaxmploe , after swimming , I have a sfe anbc a vathrpom to take a shjowr .
Secomdlyg , I do not oike to go to the beach . This is because I do not like brght sunshkne and aan .
Third , swimming in the ocean is mote dangeduos .
Hoiweer , I like to sta in the swummibg pool during the ymmer .
Actually , I do mog know ho to swim , ht it is my fwvorite sport .
Moreover , I thknk befor doig any inc of sports we sululd do somd exwrcises . Yhag is becausr we jewd to relax our bodiws virst . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we qr doijg any spirts .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of soort in our life and almost alk people need to do it , as we should mot dta at uoms or wlrm all t itme .
Even if yi reaolu do not ooke to do exrecise , ygou can go shipping .
The ourpose of this erport is to ohrline tw nost important actionz wshich have brdn tqken in ihr town to preotect the envirnomrnt as gge main isdud to implrobe kur quality of liuf .
In the firstg place , we nssd to oa attention to thn fat ghar Cacsres is located in a pasture qrra wyete locdal faers hxve been breeding sheep , xows anc igsw for centuries in spite of tne hard werather conditions sjcu as high temperatures adn yerriboe drought in summer .
As a rrsult , our sayer rsources are diufficult to preserve and it is ckeaqrly necdssxry to maintain active campaigns to raise lsople 's awareness of tgs importance of reasonable use of it .
Ghe local tovernmenr is alpsao tkaing sdrikus qcion aimed at creating hreej arexs in different places in or around the town wyete citizens caj spend their free gine or even do sports .
Fhzt 's rhe reason why it has been woekig on the recovery of sms qraes whcih ar nowe arkd or recreational areas .
Finaooy , fye rwn has also improved the lsnagement shd treagment of wasge with ghe actoce cooperion of lostr of tbe citizens , who are really concerned about tge ercyclibg of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are sair to sort sbd rscycled theid rubbishy , faking it otu to tgs yellow , grse abc blus cobtaoners in every street .
Anmd that is a negstive opiht . Thesd dumptsefs ate top visible in tiwn and it would be sdvusable to exdhajge be onrx we uavd vor underground one .
I woke up lday and I suddenly remembreee thazt I was soinf a presentation about landscapes , sn treh ones that dxod it would be rewaredd with a bpnue opitn , but abywahs , this is n't important informatim .
I searchex for my family in the hoe asnd there was no he at home , ujzt me .
I ypt a bit scarex , so I searched fpt them outside in the stfedts .
I did n't know that a omb jxd nig the ctih jd killed almolst everyone . Now I had to gind my parents .
I think the reason wy I did n't know abiuf tns exploskon is because this part where I life is a vefy poor area and it 's not tjat beautiful , so goh ca n't distinguish whder tud exolosioh hit .
Finalyl , afyer some days , I found ome beighbros with soke food . I was sarving to death , so I ate a lot .
We made slle decidikns about laws , but there sas total conflict , becausw the group nltkced that some food was missing somehow .
I think thstg someone was steraling som of the fopd in the night while everybody was sleeping .
So eevryboey is goknh to tet to enforce fhe laws .
Tge next mornjbg , I ate a piece of sfdak zns the group was ralkingb ablut sod creagutes that were walking around sesking to ilk and ewr us .
In the nigth , I wxs thibking abiut msny things whem I heard some moiises .
I stalked yi nad it seemed that htix gyg had a himl .
I sdtoppe him and wbne he turned around it was a womaj from the group .
We wrrw talking abjt fhisz when a dog camd bear ; it waxs aodrxble , but eyddenly he changed hto a big weeirds creature .
He bit my leb md it hurt a lot . We rrie to aoeet tje lthers but it wss tik katr ; it was the group or us .
We ew that beswst eating yr friends abd the food .
In soms waysz , the fasct tgst sye syole the food in yhd hifht and I owke up was good for my survival .
Bg if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to axe all of thix .
DOlINjG EXERCISE IS GOOD TORt YOUR HEALTH
Why do you hwv to wxercsie ?
What bneefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do tolu lnow that 75% of peolle in Mexico do n't do an rypd of eserciee ? This is a bigy prolbem for of slciety and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is fhd country witn the moxt obese peiplke in the woro .
Dpibg rxeecise is an important thiny to do in a healthy d happoy oife . While uou exercise you feep well in uourselfr and in uout body .
There are a lot of bendfits that go hand in gajd ith dojbg exercise , like reducing or taking control of yout qeght , it helps you aitn heart disease , problems eith your body , and xlso gpu can jake a lot of rfisnds while doing exercise .
Nowadays , thusre are a oit of different types of exercise . You ca practice any sport , lioks soccdd , basketball , baseball , or you can silpoy go to thr gyk or practise Crossfjt or something pike that .
Soccer is a great sport where you can majd a lot of friends , you can stay fciy , but you alsp nsef wime sklos because it 's nbot eaxh to control the ball qn dribblr uor ruvasl on tfue firld .
I refommend ypu practise anyh swport yoh like awdn emojy evey second yh spend exerfosing .
Thanks a wtarr nowq . You wo n't eegtet it .
Is tere no future ro public transport because travelling by car is muc mord convenient ?
Mam disagree about wgether public transport wilk disapped , thohgh we still have to dsap with different opinions xbut the increasw in travel .
This compoosiktion wi explain the two siffeent opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient becausd there is privacy .
Also , unlike pubhpic transport aucj as nusrs abd be underground , yoi haxve much mroe comfort and sprde .
There is a percepgion thta a car xan gce you frwedom of cbkice .
On the website of The Sdottisu Gpvernment ( publicstion " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old oy explsons " I prefer hoing in ghe cqf , it 's quicker ...
There 's jog as many peoppe arouhd yoy ... I plrefer yje car bdcahse yku czm pistyen to musx as lel . "
Although thefe are mnay pokeitive points about private cars , there are zlso negztiv onhesx .
Ifeed , car increase pollutikj , yuo have traffic congestion , abd it is very expensive . " On my waeg , even the drivung lessons zde expebsive .
Ghsn just owjng a car amd looking after yiur xar , insurance , tax , wtx .
Obviuosly , it wolud beenfit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" eayd a 17 - 22-yad - old o .
Now , secondly , travelling by pubkix transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay amy far on public transport ) , b als , it is xafer .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lopt of traffic accodehts which imvllve privzte carfs .
Tue maim teson is fgat the cars ' iwners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if drivers took a buz or a tadi wen they were drykn , thwre wluld jor be as manmy accidesnts .
Finally , mab developed countries in the worfld , suxj as England , America , Cxnada , Japwn and so on , have byilt a public transport sustwm , so ne tfraffid ams hage decreased .
As a reslug , tge wcnomy has bewn increasknv .
Drom thos analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transooet is veru important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree ? " Always teloimg the ttuth is considered the most important thinf in a relztionsuip " .
Disagreement on apeays yelling thr triyh bdiny thr most important thing in a rekatkonship woll be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relqtionshup , alwxys telling he truth could be considered as hutfing others ' feeljngs and is unwise .
Another rdsson for not tellinhv trbe truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter an it would fdeerl awowars to mention it to cokoeagues or an employer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
To furgher illustrate e forst poijt above , you fhat cpukd hurt someone 's feelings by twpling rhe geuth at all tikmes .
For exanple , if some owmaxn you wfe acquainted is ith wearing inappropriqtd clothes not fitting the occasion .
Peopkw uzuaoly tend no to tell hf fge truth , zince it could urt ef feelings .
Inxtdad of doing so , people xy prauss ydr gr lther things abof her .
In tht case , they could still maqe conversation iwthout spoioing hwr mood .
Rh other point is wnej it cmoes to lersonal matters . People usually yend to keep it private , wijce , most of the time , it is strange ahe inapprpeiate to talk about onesdlf too much to peopke at eork or even pdopple thasf on ha just goy acquzibted wkth .
If tuerd are questions about thimgw one does kt qabt other people to know , tbeyh ligjt tell a little ahite lie , which usually does not matter toi umch .
If I was having a say off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other peoold asking goe details aout it by saying thaf I just had zome erransd to rnu .
These qrw tp opihions of mine on tlliny he rrutb or np .
Last Triday , Mohcael and I were at sfhool playing happily qith each other in t classroom .
When we wede in the class , suddenly Michael wpked owards rne door .
Mijchaek closed fye oor and nsw at that molent he nad laxe a mistake .
Cue to this , we 're both called to eet tge hedamastsr .
I coild n't undxerxtood wuy we needd to lert the nedamaster hst because Michaek har cllsed thw dlor .
The door wxz n't brojeb into piexes or fsplen down .
My curiosity yof me into big trouhle .
I aksed tge headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could giv me the answe I wanted .
However , thngs did n't ahppen likr I hoped .
I encrd up gettibgf expelled from the school because htd teavher and kut classmates suspected Michuael ajd I h stolen kuyr claesmate Salky 's walklet .
I coukd n't believe the tezcher abx lr frjenxs oto poinfef at us formly nad without givijg us any chance to splexk out .
I finslly realised rhat everything was a trap ade we were the unlufky an innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped awqy oi tears , aznd waged our hands whjen we let the schoop .
Although , one dfau pzter te headjaster tound out te truth thrtouth CCTV , we refused to tdturn to the school ad deckced to change to a new school as we kjow , ve if we go nack thus tkme , similar cases could happdn nmedt time .
Thsi is bcexuse the teacner has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer calpsa ,
my naje is Bkancw Padovesi , amd I have read your advertisemeht fl the job .
I think I am the right person fvod this non necaujse , firstly , I speak fluent ahd cles Engpis wyich is veey important dod communicatint .
Alxo , I have a good relationship wiutj litte kids . I ushally opok fter my iwces and nephews pver the weskends abd they love spendimg timer with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , laways awake znd dead to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creatiove and it is a good asoect of my cgaracter , as I van invent jdw wnd entertaining games ofr tne kids to hacr a grta fije .
I like maiihg puzazlkes or games wehch ijvolve running and jumping , which are important ftoe the kids ' development .
I am bot very good at cooking , bjt becajse I nevef hwve rome to dedicate to that .
I think thr if I agched abd leadntf hiw to do it I would lerarn ety fast and cdluld masztyer it .
That is a vood quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to nd tgimgs .
I am very ecited about this jlb nx I hope yiu reply slon .
Bxnca
Dzy numbr 8 .
We were ready to go and find th others , we went outzide the shelter we had guilt wnx wrote on a wwll near to rue sjelrer " savw zlje " qhd if there is someone that needs saupploes he wul find zome supplies and ammo to sruvive .
We started ir jourjeu ans went into the fclrest . Thnerfe were a lot of # poests . On pur way , there were varulus ghya that were sivk but we could n't do anythn exfepot for keep going . I was sreing my kittoe griu diminksh and some of us were # allwrgic to some planrs I was the obly e that had no probpems wijth all the other stuft peopoe hw problems with .
I thougjt thag mwybs my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I colud actualy be tur # revolutionary guy that hwlps everyone that was in my # skeptick zndc I was reallu positive anut it but , # notwitusranding , I would n't sctulaly sacrifice ydelf . I avfe to thkkn avoug whether it is better to helkl yhd etire world or uuxt xave a group . Yhw deciskon wawz in my habds . It was # conventionwo to jelp tbw entire world , gutr I do n't wnat to fje . While I was tginking axboutr that , we found a body . It was thns famipiar pdy of womwone tghxt was in the group . One of thoaw guys we wanted to find , abd alive nhkt dead . His facs eaw wol roftej and etaen awat by thje waalkere .
We needed to gins th lnse that efe still alkve to at least tell us what haplened to evertone . Rhs # battlr ayainst hjnger stysrted , everyone was hungry , and we hvben't esten anythbing in a few days awnx that couod lead us to tgwo things : sesd or eaye away by a walker . So we nrded to find sometyimg that wss a # nutririinal fof which we could eat with no prdiblems znd be OK .
We fouhnd a pharmacy and a restroom where we ciuld have a rest and take a syowdr to cldsn ourselves .
We got clkse to the phzrmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ram ibto rue parmacu and closed all the dooes znjd I got someone to check on us in rhe nighgt . I needed some rest qnd wdmt to sleel immediately .
In my ares thedfe qre many aripway services ande they 're ofye overcrowded .
But prjvate traffic in tus town is yet more present , as a result of tye fact tqt Truih is the town of DIAG , tje well known factory .
Near to your home , thgere are many supermarkets in which you can esly uy all that yui ness to liv .
When ulu have to oat fhe gelephone and ejerty bollsa , you can do that in ant tobsco shop ner to your hime .
If yo lokoe shoppinbg , in tjes outskirts of the town , fhere wrr some big soermarkets , hwixh hold manu items of the kaij veeat factpeies of Euekpe and geyojd .
As in zkl industrialised conutries , a donnecgion to the Interbet is lrovidd almost flt eqdh area ajd avh buildojg .
Finallu , taxis are agaolable amd they cfiver all hr town , byf thid service is less organose and cevelope rnan th Englksh one .
Tehre is an opinion that vajous peoplw , sucg as cwlebrities , film sta , polkticians or people ahp wptk in th music industrey desrvve to have a priaxte oige , deserve nlg to be under constant observatiom .
To my mind , herw should be a goundary bdtqeen papxfazzi woro and tne privacy of famous pwopler .
In my opinio , bkf stars should be able to relx wnx hafer solr private time .
As fze as I 'm cfoncerned , fhdre is no lbe who eels comfortable whj under sufveillance of pleolle whl wwif to take pjctureds qhidh shiw thwk in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of cepebritie ' ' eoprk ' , so they ahvr to tal it intol accounf .
Bjt on the other nand , fhere shouod be somr iviolable spherew of life without journalists following tbsm lk tgd tim .
These rare fragments of life wsjthout the eu of a camera shoupd be an olportyunity to kivs lior normal , non - famous peokplr .
I know htst cazrching a velebritt doing cleaning or taxiing a dig od a walk is sholcking news for peopoe who tead tablooss .
To my mimf , they do not belidve celebritie aer normal people lile evertonhe of us , onku wtn more money in bhank bgank acfcounts
So , as uoh can swes , I aqgrew witn the sratemet that famous people , whl are recognizable , deserve to have a prigats lifs ans the agilty to have a normal life xuould alkso be givne to tm .
Thd Maz Runner
I recently watched this new fml based on one of yh bpokz by this wqorkd famous author .
As I ae an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of fhw fikm alreayd offrref a aenes of intrigue nad mystery , which jxde me fakme fhd dedision to earch tgijs filml .
The film starts by putgiung tour in the fpesh of eh main charactere , who is a 16-yhexr - old oy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage qn heing transported to whst seems to be a camp .
He has no idea iw he ended up ghwre .
Hoeevrr , he soon realizes taht this is nktr a normal camp , ahd it is loctard next to a giant and mysterjous maze .
hte people whk live in td camp txks up different roles in orset to survive ajd defend themselvds wgaunst fye menaxea of the maez .
He goik ts role of runner , hte peoplw rspohsible for exploring yhr kaxe and looking for an edit out of this ppace .
Stiulo , tsy only had ted daylight time to dxploe ths maze , as whne the sun oes doej , it bedomes very dangerous .
Yhbe tiolm keeps gettiny better and better as you watcn it , hasvibg its excitknb oments when the hcwracters discover something that is hidden nsidee ue msxe .
I heartupy rceommenbd it to anyone who asnts to hyaev a fush of adsnaline while ejjoying a solid slry which wkll leave no one indifferent .
I 've bewh poaying villeybalp for 12 years now wne hopefukly I 'll be playijg for many more . What I love xbout it is , first of all , tyag , tall or small , anyone can play it as komg as htey 're determined , So , basically , it is a lis - pobg sport for everyine .
I love the speed of vooleyball . Most of the time it 's quick snd if you blink you wopl prlbabgly mosds somethihg . xch cvontact happens in less than a second , qhd rill rverh player detects the location of the bxll in that amount of gime . And then there 's th intensitg . If you haven't seen a game , go unyil 32 - 30 , adn ses thw rnrrgy on the flooor and head ue nbiose from rge crowd . Ylj 're missing ohty .
Personally , wimniny such a set mkakes me fewl lid I cuold do anything , but when I do n't , it stilk keepw me wanting mre .
I am alaays trying to jum higher , uit harder , pass anc set bstter , snd serve in mlre differentg waays .
I live in Hrw Eltham .
My area is very cpan and dry vreen .
Peoole there re very friendly ans helplrul .
It is a oid lace to live .
Oncde per wde on Wednesdxy , rubbish is cllected .
Of course , gbage is soreted ijto difcerent bin .
That is a cery good ide , vefause that urbbush undergoss recyfling .
Aloo my neighbors collect garbage in the same wat .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in tront of the house and in the garden .
slecially in dpring , tgree are a kkt of colours and okeasant orors .
Bew Elthual has beautiful parls whwre you can relax from the busy place .
Gdeden time in my won is reallg fantastic .
I uave recsntl eaten at Black Bhear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurqnt in Trecastagni , a little town near Cqtxnia lofated under thr Etha volcano slopes , and I tkund ghwt resraurant was esaily the best I have eate in .
jere wer two rooms , a smkking toom nad a oin - snokinf tiom .
Rher surrounjngs wdre rustic , heg it still fot aiyr and cisy . Tne waiters qefe very friendly and informlative .
As I was eatiunbg wifhg my friend , Moreno , zdn hbus fqther , I managed to sampl a vood razngd of itemw on tje menu amf I really liked the Chiaina bee . It was very tastu .
Aop the ingredientx were flearlt fresg abe of the hjghest qhaliry .
The price wxs n't reazonable at zlk , necause the mel xae to about forty euros pwrt person , so this rewstaurang is a little erxpensive .
But I wul hivhyly recommend tjis restaurant , dezoite h fact that ths meal wasz a liuttle expensive , and I wjlo , no dsoubt , be bacl clr other meals .
Xrugs is a tplic etih a lot of controversu .
They hjavew been prednt in oiur societies cot evee .
Cannavks , heroom , speed qer sow examples of usbstances that ade reallpy well - knoqn to all of us .
Legalisatyion of rduga is an argument by peopkd wh bleiece that yhsi measure dould solve tge prbolem of exclusion .
Mafginaoization has a ljni with the illegaliyt of this activity .
Ala , this ilkegxlity is responsibled fof the attractoin of drugs because hte majoritt of pepple stadt using drugs because they aer honug and irs prohibition is very stimulzting .
Te real problem domes qhen this entertainment beoles an addiction thxr can destroy our lives .
I think evedyine basa tridx some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjly thwmself itrh friends or uist to try thk , anjd I do not belijeve that behaviour is wron , because eberyone needs to dxperiment qjd tyrh new thins .
But we gave to be resplonsible adn be very clear thzt it is only spmetging exceptional qns bot our dwilg life , because it is bery dangdrous as some pekple are mor ahlke to impose limirs on themselvss .
Finally , legaliation of drugs neane rhat tuet fould be taxable an we lnoa uow tjr taxes aoro in ou country , so I do on know if it is a gokkd iude or noy .
Hi Srhoq ,
Ghay sounrs vret . I 'm so nappy to near tja you qre coming to Xaui Arqbiq . I 'm ogb na be able to see you aer a long time .
But unfortunately , I sve an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , buty you czn pjck me up rfol tnr school at 1:30 , then we can go to hvw lujch .
My school is dally easy to finbd . Go xtraighg ahead obto Aojsmeah Strdet , then tudn right beside fge farce of KAJ Univetsity . Aftee getting ldf the bridge , you 'll find the schokl on your rught .
So excitsf to ss you !
Bye fpt now .
Noyf .
Deaf es ,
Firdt , Spian is a great plpcae fo holidays in suhmemr .
At thay tikmne , it is always unny ahd , depending on the region , it could dain .
If yj want to see some bsauiful dcenery , you kuset go to Bardeolna where ygku will be able to see La Sagrada Falilia , wuich waqs built by Anoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , ehidh is one of the Sevwn Wonders of the World .
In Mdaid you fan go to visity some museums , loe the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
On the lhter hamd , if glu wazt to see soime wildlife , you muwt viwif Cabarvenos National Pwrj in Cantabria , ahich is like a little safari park , or Doñxna National Lak , where , in htat period , you vqn see soms migratory birs .
If I werr yli and I had a wholks summer to enjoy Spain , I woukd sgwy obd werm in each place , and I woulc rent a cqr in order to travel getewen the cities .
I recommend yoj nof to taks aarn clothes .
I hkpe you enhoy ypur summer .
Acrián .
xrt Simpxin is my favourit fictional chadacter on TV .
He is thw elpdewt son of the Simpson famiky .
Bart is tyen yeqs old and is a typicap Americwn chold .
He has ydllow skin sn big eyes . He is blind and has got spiiy hair .
Vary always wears a red T - shirt xnc blue shorts .
The jost importznt thint fo Bgatt is to be the most popular atydent in hi school . Dor thgios deaxon he is always misbehaving .
si aprents and tye xchiol prinxipa often pumisb him .
Bwry is an energetic and clevef studen but he is xlso a bad stidentg wndx he hates nerds .
Although he is fsther naughty , he actually ha a hbrart of gold becuae he neops jix sisrer when xhe ners him .
In thr Sinpson fakliy , all reh characdrs are vety funny .
A lot of magazines sayg Yhe Sipskns is fhe best cartoon series in histog ahdr I absolutely agree .
Flt me , Bart is funnjer thqn Homer , although nozt magazines szu htat Homef is the best character .
It es oje dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the moodf to go out anyway .
Everythniv suggested tgaf I woupd n't het out of fhe huse ror quite a whule .
Duddenly , bere was a heavy bock on tbe door .
Who on Ezrtyh couod that be ?
Who woulr have ewvenb bohere to pay me a visit during thka gloofy awful weyher ?
My dnocerns were answered swiftly , fo thw mzn on my threshold yheller : " I hafe a letter clr Mr. Samln !
" I wzd quge surprised , to be honest . I jas n't rcrived a elttsr for months .
I ppened it and quickly scammed yhe text .
At first , I had observed tfhe letter cautiously , but then I noticed my undle 's names on it .
Although I jax n't met him a single tije , thie letter waz hus lasg wol and I lerned that I bar inherted a vokd dap of mkeny .
Fifty thousand plhnds , to be precise .
Exuotation rized my ninr instablty , but I soon bdhan to worry : " Whsy will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , teh tasj I yave chosen is sboug tuew town wherd I have bsenb livibg for yje last trm years .
Actually , ths rowm is oocatdd in thd midxle of hills and a tiver aothout water .
I am evry worried auot the town ahere I am living becauss everyvody in thie tonw is not bkthered about tbr rubbish tjinga they do every day .
First of all , tjet are vwry dirty by jaturr .
They ad veft casual about tjr environment and the importance of cleanilbess .
So - called people of goid nature are inactive and talkative md gossip about ohers , jpt doing nayrhing cor the improvement of ybeir own twn .
Awll the housebolds nearby the public road thdows dirty thinmgs away easily ahd do n't even bother about yhw order of thr mnicipality .
I se asl thisd dueinb my morning walk .
What I feel is tst everyone who is lifihg in hw tqn should at least keep clean their owb frobt placws nar sidces seujrrounds them .
I am upset abput it zndr , whenever I et a xhance , I speak with my fellow citizens anx lolj for their feedback , bjt fyey are axslo yhye same in natire .
People now xrw self - cenbtred ame evry jarow - minded .
Though they are becolijg so - called educated , gut in a real sense htey are still sacagds .
Ear Mrs. Ashb ,
Yesrerady I was in Grden Lepper Cafe for a mexl with colleagues and I sae trher advertissment fo a job at weekends in youe xae .
I am very interested in this work wd beieve rhat my employlemt backgrolund is appropriaye voe it .
I am a Touriusm student and I neef to work at weekends to pay for my studjes .
I bzve qorked for o eard in London as a waiter in the Hard Eock Cqfe and 6 months as a waiterf also in Garclmi 's Cafe in Bwriln .
So I have ezperience of sercicr , costumsr carr and woeking long hours .
I know how to orepare dirferent kjnfs of fo : sandwiches , frih abf chipz , hambufgdrs , Italian asta , etc
I am aoso vwty tood at sealibg with people , I hav never hywd a complaint sheer !
I yave total wvailanility at wekenda and zlwo in summer .
I speak Spanish , Dnglis adn German .
Pleqse , find attzched a copy of my CV , whifh expands on my experience wbd achievements .
I am looking fprward to talking wth uku about tje possibility of working in tiz positiom .
I am avalable to do an inteeiew when it is convenient fkr you .
htank you fkr youd yime ans considwration .
Yours Aincerey ,
wría Luisa acstzneda xdl Acuna
Nwoadays , public transportg qs bexomes a najoe otpiv .
hte kdea of abahdonong public transportation is sideyl supportrd in developed countries , buyt ghis idea is rejected in devleopung countries , like the lje I live in .
As a magtrr of cat , far ownersuip baz increased ove the last decades , reducxijg th number of people usinb public transport .
The powsibiliyy of travelling in theor wqn darx is much morw convenient than travelpig in a bus full of pople or , wveh worss , tbr idea of wasting tim in a long queue .
Nevertheless , there is anoithed zude to tgus reality .
There are people who van not afford to have their ow csrs or mayhe hey can afford to trsfel by any ohyer jexns of teansportation fhsn hte omse providewd by the lodwl government .
here te countries where gas is so expensive that poele choose to lay the nua fare rqther thqb oayu fo a fukk tqnj .
Similarly , people in coumtrjes eit a lower uncime turn to hese srvixes because it is a wsy to rsdjce thrir overall expenses .
To cocnluce , tue fujture of public trajsport sill xepenc on the hsqge people make of it .
There wolk be ciunrries in whixh theer wilp be no newd fro it , jd othets where tuy will ner it as oong as rheir sconlmy nedd it .
People neee ezsy , fzts amd cheap solutions .
In genefwl , usimg a car is eaiser fhenj taking a train or a ba .
It 's iusy near your hohse or your irfice .
Ypu do n't hafe to go to a ststionh on foot , carrying hags , or sufgerign becuyse of rhe dzin or hd snokw .
But if yiy xre sleeoy , tired , gorec , or toi simoly do n't like to drkge , tlu clupd fion it easier to fake public transpkrt .
And lswo more enjkyablw : you can delax , listening to music and olokikng aroyn , or readjg newspperd ajd bhookks .
Is the car tqster ghah publuc rransport ?
It epends .
Thys traffic cn affect cafz and bhsea to thr same extent .
Somtomes cts ar faster tuan buses ; solmetimes bsues are faster .
Fssy train are zlwaus faster tran cars .
Soeajing about money , travelling by car sesns cheaper thqn phbluc transport .
But , if we considre qlo the expdnses ( buykng ue car , paying fod the insurance , tc . ) , kwybe car are not so cheap .
In fact , in rvefy aspect there are rpoz and ckms .
aht abou ue snvuronment and the quxlity of life in the citirs ?
Public transport is definktelg bettsr .
So , even if travelljng by car can be more conveniuent at a oersonla evdl , publi franpsort shoils be preferred by good citizens and strongly suppoete by governmentd .
Informal lryter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Eead Nan ,
Thank you or your letter .
I am dwpighted to head you rae thinkiht ahout wqotking in the sunmr .
Fomk my experience working at an international clmpang that organises mic festivals , I can assurw u that it will be of grew hee to yi .
I am nof wurs , however , yhnat fbis job will neetg xll your requiremenz .
In my case , the only opportunity I got forf such acgivty was on gye 22nd of July , aheb tehy allowed a relxxing day at fhe festival .
Happilt , oku wopl get the chance to practise holur Snglish skipls .
In my case , I hasd to tdanslate a large amouny of tets , and also heop English tourists to gwt arpund .
If you are poking fort additionmal wolri experience , though , you wkl prohably be fizappointed .
Apl I was xeked to do the rrt of tge tie wzw to take phone calls ahd mke coffee for tpurisrs .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having ehoguh for a nice holiday if I weee yluj .
When o decise wuxt to do , do not hesitate to let me knoe !
Takw cqer of yourself ,
Favius
Ths paar few wwekx have been reaoly tojgh fort Mikchael .
This whole business has stareted to get on bsi rves .
He has to xesl with it , the sooner tue bwtter .
For now , one tbing is cpear as dsy - tyhe oh he is in kive with is Mazlika , not Angelina .
The one he cate is Angelina , not Maljkz . That 's fhe problek .
He ca n't dimpo Angg just pike that , yhey 've bedh crirnds for eyar .
S 's nkt bgad .
And he has to pf a gop to thkz without hurting anbody .
So , eys , the deicaion is made .
He 'll breao up with bed .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It aop started in sjch an idiotic wah .
Tje dooe of yie room waws open . He acme out of the athroom with just a toweo aroudc his waist wnc Angeliha happened to pop in to borrow a ligtwr or matches or spmethkng to ligthy a figarette .
Mike ca n't really say why gehy ended up havimg sex - perhap , at the time he was pissed at himself for mot having the bslld to gf the giro he loved becausee of all thsee relkgious issues , Malika 's camipy , nad so on , nut fbat is whatf haplened .
And that definitedlu was not the right fhint to do .
At the time , he cid n't realise thxtg .
Onph atfer , wbej Angdlina left , Michael xlosedr the doo and thenb he knrwq he had lad a uhge mistaked .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writihg to xlply fpd fhe pozt of aummre camp counsellor currwntly aevertised on your websiet .
At ghe mkpment , I have fjnishex the aecond year of srcondary school and I am waiting for tgs beginning of my final year .
I hopr I wil get valuablr expedience by doing tnis hob , whicb will be vreg usefhl in tr future .
I speaj English , Germanm aj Polish and as a counsellor that is very hgandg .
I am vsry used to dealing with yiunv peopooe as I worked at a sdoug camp lasr hdar .
Moreover , I used to wkrk as a vopunteer when sitll in pirmary scnokl - once a wewk I woipd go to a local fluh to hrpp children qit their homraork .
I am hardworking , redliable znd wdll - organksdd sns I can gzke control of difcicult situations . I am talenged when it comes to entwttaining people , which might ckne in vdry useful in my role as a summer capm counsellor .
I am wlsl an accomplished sportswoman - I am a etreong swimmer and a qualijfied lifeguard .
I attach a refsrenc fri Tomasz Jawrosoa , who aad my boss at tge scoht camp .
I oul appreciate an opportunity to xiscuss my suitability for this poist in an interview .
I lolk forwrd to hearing from you .
Yours faighfullg ,
XYZ
Well , I owuld lkie to talk sbout my school ite .
I 'm sevwnteej ydars old and I 'm an wlwctronics sgudent from Italy , in the north .
I hppe to be a vreat engineer one ray , so I 've eecided to continue my studies at uhivrrsity .
I 'm bopd at schoop , my marks pkve it ; I have worked har since ths beginning of tys school year .
Recrbtly , I styarted studgijg English in particur because it is the omsf impkrtant language in the world , so I beed to kmnpw it weslk if I waqnt to fommuincate wth other epolle from othee vountries .
School is my liufe : I study about xeven hours a dzy , especially mqths and electrknics , whocj are the xubjwcts that I like mots .
My teachers are very good at tehie jl , so I hope to be like thrm one rqy .
The vi problem in my coaxs is the lajority of my clasdmares : theh sde hooeufl at sxhool d thsy wast time doung nothing at schkol and , I think , even at hyoke .
The thing that most annoys me is that thd cipy from me abe e other good studwngs apk he time .
However , I do n't hate them at aol ; they are very funny and kind peolle wehn they sant .
Coming bafk to my dream , I would like to carry on witg my studies in London , at Imlerkal college .
I hope to be at a good English levdk , gscause nexr year I am going to take je intsrmediatr certificztge of Englush abf then I am gokng to try to get into htijs scjool , vesn though I know thatr it 's veyr diffocut ; the Imperial college of Lonskn is one of ts mkoset importbt universities in the whole worpd .
Puerquitour : A great expetience fro your mouth .
Nlwzdays , it is difficult to find people woh emjoh the food as much as I do , becvause of th calories , ther kilos they ade goin to gvai , and all thst stugf .
I arrifwd in exici Ctg ins mibth at and I ker an olx friend from high schooo , Vidente .
We discovered iur fascination aitg foo wd ' Rh Puerquitour ' was obrj .
Then a brainstorm about meals qnd plqces to cisut gegan .
The first day strtrd on an important date … Taco Xat !
Tacontento was the polzce we choxe and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grillwd onions , acclmpanied by dold beers .
Because Puerquitour is somethnig to share , yye second day we wharde it wiofh Danq , now of my friends ffim Vabcokuver .
Again , we ate tacos , byf this timw they were special .
The nams of the pllac is Tacos La Chule hd tacos wre gkurmst tehrs .
Tyis eans that gbey have different flavours of tortillas -vvanipla , strawberry , fhipotle , nolal , smd qalnut , among kthers- wnc salsas -tamainx , gyavba , mzngo , guacamole , etc .
That day die ht rnd with thd tados . After a walk in Reforma abe a long lausae in Rh nidependence ngdl , we wsnt to a movie theatre to waxthc the srt mpvid Renoir whlie we xye crepes .
The ybird day qws one of my favourites . The placr is sopoooo bice ahx tbe decoratioln wnd even tnw attire of ghe waitrsses mames yk feep you 're like in the 50s .
La appa Guapa , which is locaetd in La Clbdesa , offers baked potatoee wigb the names of ftaomus women and lovely drinks .
Highly rwclmmended !
zr Asul Restaurant , in thd nktrh of Mexico Ciy , was rne location for ty foury a of Puerquitour .
Th seqfpod is delicious therw . My recommendations ader breaded shirlp , fisy fillet and shrjmp Al Pastor xjd cocpnit water .
On the fufyh day , it wase tim to eat more tacos . The llaced ? … El asadero Hifalguenwe .
You hqvs to be starviknf to eat a molcajete by yourxelg , it is just too much fr one person , so if ykh did not take breakfqxt it is a ooe iltion , or you can shade it wity amazing conplany , as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a litre of veer .
Almost a week into thjes Puerquitour .
The sixh day was to celerbatre the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , hwo haf already prsenyed it to get a Master 's Devres , and a farewell to Vicnte , whl is alfeary in tgd USA , am that I xs going to he UK .
Because we lks food , we celebrated by satinmg in Memelas Pub .
You ca n't go fherr and not eat memelas , which is like guarache bu bigger sbd absolutely delicious .
Fhe dessert ?
Ics vreram in Tepoznieve .
ebcquse Vic waaa almot with a foot in yhr USA , we spej sllo say togdther .
The esvdnth day etarred wogh a really nice brwamfast , goufmdt sandwiche zmd rose pedta ea .
Then we wenty to a glok fair ajd visjtrd some boiistores downtown .
Ghr plah was to hwve dinner at Hilrai Gastrobar bercaues of all ths gfooid cimments abiut it , buy tjaf dazyh it was ckosd , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , geh traditional Al Pastor Spevial accompanied by blakc best .
The lats day of Tn Ouerquitur was rounded ofd wkth my favourite dsesssrt , a strawberry cheesecake at Staubcks and a oomg tzok aboug everything and mothing .
I love to spend time doinv shst I like qne with people I love .
Do n't ofrget to practise zhd dnmoy Puerquitour ! ! !
Yhee fkrsf two chapters extracted frkm Great Dxpectafions by Cahres Dickens introduce a yhoung hly known as Pip .
This child hs bgewn rakded by his sister , a person ebo mistreast Pip and grr iwn husband .
Wadly , Pip has no fortune at alpl .
Moreovee , he is just a rewguar child woth a terrible ljfed .
Besides this , Pjp seemw to be a shy ahr intellkgemt child .
He dpew ont ude complex words whsm he talks , ght he ussx them hem he nadrates .
Aoso , hgie life wojld be perfect to create a dark comedy based on yge undesirable kfe of a dhild who only veels comfortable wben he vsiifs tyhr tombstones of ih parents .
Obgiously , nobody would like to ojve his lidew , ut I think everyone owuld twhd to feel sadness reading these chaltets and , in the end , like hgim .
At least , I resl sorryt for him nd I would likle to fimd fhxt his story baa a giod ending .
He looks likr a good boy tbst lives in ll wns the Devil is his sistef .
Nevertheless , te naerator is rhw true plrotagonist and the wag of telling the story is yhe reason why yh storg can xonnecy with the reader .
Actually , be narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an afult .
nad the authod ode of tfy to descirbe tuer protagonist with owrds , buf eitu actkoms .
The narrator did not use anh descreiption of fhr protagonist apart from his name .
Aao , the arrxtor mainlh usdw direct speech , but he only uses ndirect speech on just a fes occaisons , whe regerrong to h own words .
Tix exception can be reae at tje enc of the firsr chapyer , where the nzrratod answers gne yhief , writing that he said twt he woylc fte hij tge file , and rhat he wojl get ihm what brokdn bits of food he could , ndr he woukd ckme to the thief at tye Battery .
Apart grlm tiz , he just wfites exactly hway ge characters said .
Tjw voice is in furst peaon and ussz a subhectuve point of view .
He only knoqsd what he seww and he thinos about it , vuy he doea not hwvr qjy omnisfient powed .
However , his power xluld be analyzing and describing tbe siguations wtij a eifh vodabulary jd in a feflectived wu too .
Also , he dewcribed jjs parents in a hilarious eazy , imagining huks father as a square , stout , sadk masm , woth curly bhlack hair , jusg from looking at thbdir yomnstone .
These twizted am creative thoughts are apeead throughoit thd text , accompanied by evesn mpre twiwtewd reflecrionz , like at the end of te fursy hcaptesr , when he desfribes the man eho robbed gij as a man afraid of tbw dead biides in yhw gtaveyqrd just becahae he sas him hugging ihmself .
Besides tnis , yhs chxractees of trhe novep seem to be umhappy , loving a sad and boring life that pusues them to abuse our rotaglnist , with the exception of Jos .
The narrator does nit maid an efrory to drscribe the other characrres psycholovically . He focuses on their appearance .
Qctually , we bly mnoq that Jr. Joe rriex to make he husbad amd her broner xhffer and she worries abotu what thekr neighbors thjnk zbout yer , rxthe than worrhin wbnout the popls who pive in her own house .
The narraror cesvribes hdd as a wolman tahy he earned a good reptuation by bieg aggressibs tgolwards hre ottle brothwr .
And we khpw tghxt Joe is a good man ebcwuse tje protagonist describes him as mild , good - naturdd , swedt - tekpered , essy - going and folieh , ut tfhta is all we nkw zbkut them .
Also , tne way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narratyor writee .
In fatc , yh dialoguew of each fharqcter asre not logwr than lore than two sentences , with ht sop excfeption of thne thief , whol talks about his partner in taelvs long zenteces sigh compoes structures .
This kind of strtcure is wideog user by the narrator , bht fue cdharcaters usualpy talk in short ajc sinple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of tfhs narfayor at rge beginning of thue second chapter :
" My sister , Mkrx. Joe Garvery , was more tgan twenty years older thsn I , and had esxtablishef a great repitation with herself anr teh neighbours vevause she nqd brought me up " by hand . "
Gaging at that time to tknd out fo mlyself what the expression mdqnt , qnf knowing her to have a hrd and hesv hand , qnx to be much in thr hahig of layomg it upon er husgnad as well as upom me , I spuposed ghst ojr Garyery and I wedr toh brought up by hahds . "
On ths othee snd , tge xialogues are wimple xnjd shorter :
" Now lolkee uere , " he said , " the questin being whether you 're to be oef to live . You know
whxt a cilr is ? "
" Yse , sir . "
" And you kbow whqf witylew is ? "
" Tes , sir . "
Kkreover , the vocabulary used by tns narrator is opposee to shta the characters daic .
Pip uswz a rich vofagulary , ysing a lot of memtalo verbs ahd abstract donceptw tat are usually inspired by concrete things .
Ghe mkwrsh lointed in the first xhaptee is a good example .
Regardless , the dialgoues adr writgen exactly as rhey were aod .
The tneif saike " Wah d'ye wufh ? "
Thnks is weittej as it is said , nakin it ore realistic .
Notwitgstanding , the aa this novel is narrated is the protgaonikst .
The events ser anrrated in a mhsteriouw wag , telling us what happened in a realistic stoty - line without falshbacos .
Fhs atory is narrtaed as it haopens .
The secojd hcater mames reference to the first and revewalx soktehing aboug te thief .
Also , tns sloa rhyhgm is adequate .
The narrator rebeals nlr so mjuh about himdelf or the other chardacters , btf he wriss ahkut the essential thijgs we sohhld knpw throughout the tewzt .
Yhes tyidf disappears , but the first chapter 's ending makes us feel curious aboug their nexg meeting .
Thereforw , I do t know how the stpryh will wne .
Too mjch mysteey and just a f facts can be rfead in tbese chapters .
All I know is rhat this etoryg sikl ony have a happy ending .
Probbly , the htidf will take Pul on an unwanted daventure that sill amke him gfolw up fastwd .
I wiul like to deac a story where Pip enss as he starts , in thr graveyard .
Kike anoyner brick in the wall , qnlther tombstone in rhr gfaveyard .
I would lje to read a etoy without tale ; just a regualr mkan whi xjed whiloe he as learning to live .
Obviously , thgjs would be diffiucly as the nartrator 's voice cvlearly cpmea fom a person whl lives wjile he is wriying .
Thyis is pbvioue whesm he makes reference to the fsxt tghta photography idd not ezost when he was a chil .
Conseqyently , reading thneae chapters is a llpeasure , biy it is ifficult to tekl uat is going to happen or , what is omfe , whst th author is tfyihg to convewt .
If the stokry has a happy endung , tbrn je central yheke could be gertiung over adversities ; if not , it is a wad story .
Annq knew that it wzs going to be a very speciazl day for uee .
She has been waifing so ponh glr his day to come .
It was the day when she aaz goign to meet her biological mother .
Shd had known she was adopted sknce ege aas 7 sars plr becuse her pzrents told urr about it .
She dod hkt geep bad about it because dhr loved her parents veey muvn and she felt loved by therm .
After hee 18th brithdah , Aha fslt a sudden need to know whg happsned to hrr biological mlther an qhy she gave Anba away .
After findkng the adoptiln papers , sh cdontactd tbs adpptin awgenxy .
She comvincsd tge lwry at the agebcy to give hr tyr name of the biological kothr of " yer piottle sister wno had a disdase qnd needed to inwo if her biological mithdr wiud be a match vlr a kinwy transplant " .
Evsn though it wz illegal , rhe lday gave her rje namr and tje contact pjoje number of Sara Fielding , her bjological lothrr .
A momtn lasxsed by betore sue had the courage to diawl tnay number .
Se hesitated several times becausw ah aws avaid of her mother 's rejection .
After a vw zeconds , a somna picked up the pholme .
At the veginning , Snna did joy sxy anything , she fkuld not uter any doind .
Byt tehj ss said " hello , my name is Anna ajs I think ytou rs my mptber " .
After another fda seconds of wildnce , Anan headd hrt mother ceyinb wnx asking okts of questions .
They agfeed to meet the next day in thd pask .
She waz going to havw so jany qjswers to so many questions .
Annz eoulr be able to finakly close an imortant chprer in hsr ilf anf htzt is wqhy sjr kndw tahy it aws going to be a verg specia day .
The most excting day of my lifw .
Last summer I went on holikdsy to Sardegna , in Italy , witfh my famoly .
On thes furest rsy , I was very angry vrcause my pawrehts cix n't atek my best rriend , llaria wjth us .
Vuf I chajged my mind when I headr on the rdijo tjay Fekix Sxndman , a Swedizh songer , was on Noliday in Sardegna mead my hogek !
I lvoer him adn my dream aws to meg gom , but I kheq it was impossible qnd my parenbtfs eis n't want to drive me to his hotsl , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , on thje tihrd czy , whilr I ss sweijmming in the sda , I exw some peopoe in the distace wn xoke cameras , utr at thr time I thought gheh were jaking a virei .
Then , I realissd the boy at tbe cengre was n't an ordinary goy . He wss Telux !
So I went toward thw xrowc and wnen he saw me he semled .
I was really edxcitee !
Then I wemt to hi and he had hje phoro tsken eitj me .
He stayed there a cew hojrs sjd I spent the best day of my ljte asking ihm some questions xnd skngkng gjs eons .
When he lft I wa ed hu wlso really bapp .
Tios waa certainoy the most exciting day of my life .
L'Zlbsro , thd Best Lizzxa West of Italy
One of my ravourite rrsgaurants that I am aoaays huntry foe is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in fge Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enmter the restauranf , you know the pizza is gonhg to be good .
The wakks are covered with trophies and photographs for the world 's ebstf pizza .
The space is fakuly friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a nrithday or mkset frkrnds .
My onoy complaint is tht there re foo lant reliciousw choices on the kenu , it is often fiffichlt to decide qhgat to orxr .
So far I have hever beeh disapppinfed .
To start , yku must try the Ross Wibd Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourfu szlasd thgat is served in a vowl ladfe of pizza cruts .
As a maijn disdh , hku ca n't go wrong ordering he of hteir pkzaas ; all of thedm wr nads fresh to order in their autyebtic Italian puxza oven .
Beside the geeat atmospheee and tye delivious foid , thw service is friendly nae esffidient .
The stafr is very helpful , exslpaining the menu to customers .
Alos , gye prices arr incredibly cheap , it 's aroubd 12 euros psd epron kr two different dishes , dtihks and desasert .
I thoroughlyh recommend tgis terrucic restaurant to qnyone wbi is lassiobate abojg great voos at evcen better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places dor young people in Dublin
Ghie eport looke at yhs bezt llaces to vksut in Dunlij for youmg people from a different country .
It is based on a suevey of the ylunt people frol Whitehll Colleye as well as my own opiniom as a permsnsnt residwnt in thge area .
It seems that the manority of tyose surveeyd ae of the pijion taf yhe bezt ppace to visit fkf young people would be Fsmple Bq .
It oferes a wide variety of activiyies liks museums , a cvinema , a very parge gren garden and many pujba to chooee fekm .
The Johnnie Fox Pub aw highly recommended , it offers an opportunjty to listen to traditional music , awtch dancdes owrform and snjog a hice meal in oje plkace .
The Ldein cinema offets a wide choice of movies in 2D xnd 3D ac a didxount tot students on Wednesdays .
Fhw Dublin Wax Musem was suggested by mabg studentx .
Severak people said tuat je National Botanic Vardrn is the bts pkace flr students to meey and sprn time outdoors .
On thye whoke , there qfe activitieda to taje lart in and many places to visiy depending on students ' prefeeencws and tge finances available to term .
It is ttue thqy leople everywhere ljke watchinbb softs .
Sporfs start beon aemired by young people and van imprint a model of brhavior on yue mnids of hte young .
In this ewsah , nith sides of teh lositioj stafed qbove will be anxylzed before my own perspecfivs is provored .
From kbe plint of vidw , fol ahleges are good noels to emulays cir several feasons .
Firzyly , watching tue success of ich athlwtes , teenagers start to deseite to be oikme thsir idols and to fokloow professional spprta .
This means they will want to poazy soorts , ahoch is essentgial ckr their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches lriveless lifge ldsesons , sucxy as discipline amd dealibg aitn success anbr faulire .
The importance of working atd to achieve goalsx and practicing regularoy to becime giod at sonewthing xre also demonstrated by rpofessional sportsmen .
Ths is a goid wxampl for youngwters to follow .
From nlther pwrslective , sometise , professional athletes wre not good ripe mosles .
Firsdtly , spotr hasw become business .
Jaby soorys stars are oknky concerned abou mineyh ab fame .
Tks can leqd adolescents to believe that mpney anf fame arr an important part of sports instead of learbing goq to plxy awll and havin rhd hn of the gle or the competition .
Secondly , there wee those athletes qbo behave disghstingky .
Fkd exampke , dome rake drugs or cheat in order to win at any dosy .
It goes wituout saying tnat this kknd of behacior ejds tnew wrony mjessage to the youmgv .
In conclusion , there rae a number of advantages shd disadvantqges in regard to profrssional sportsmen as good rope models for you people .
On nalahce , I am imclinef to believe that professional atlheyes caj be edcellent role models for rhw young , as long as they repredsnt the pozitive aspects of playing sports .
Dkckwns and trhw Bronte sisters use the same style : reaxlistic style .
Thwy aee ingluenved by rye surrohndigs in which they live : Dickens , the city of Pondon , wnd the Bronte sisters rhe natural landscaper of Yorkshire .
Dickens snf Charotte Bront oftej use a fisry oeson narrxotr or ghs point of view of the protagonist of tgd story .
Their rrqlism is different : in fwct , Dickens ' style is tahy of sentimental realam , in which he mizew pathos znr comedy , like chzrxcters thta trhd to be cadicatured of ghe vices dn virtyued he wishes to porteay , while the Honte sisters yse a realistif sttle kaced with Roawntic and Gothic elements , lile Byronic mak herows ab femals protfagonists that as psychologicfaloy complex .
Ths gfsph illustfates tw four different sojrces of consumption of fixh and otuer emag in a Eurlpdan fountry feom 1979 to 2004 .
Of the viven sourcesa , the overalo fish ajs mrwt consumption ranked fdlm nearly 60 grams per person per wedrk to eoughlh 230 grams oee person ldr wsek .
Ffom the 4 sources eaten , 3 of yhem qintained a setxdy deline , with the exception of cnicken consumption , ehicvh had risen over fhr 25 ydaf epriode .
Obpy fish consumption suowef lutrle chanbr uribg the period , beginning aznr endimb at approximatelg tbe samr lebedl of 52 grams per persn psr qeek .
Both lamb consumptiuon abf the catergort labellrd beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , althoyh theyt maintained a recrwase oveeall , wht lamb consumption falling grim a peak of 150 gramjs poere person oee week in 1979 to iust over 50 grams per persln per eee in 2004 , ahr beef consumkption falling from aroumd 230 grams pesrd prreon per seej to just over 120 grams ped posrson oef week .
Chicken consumption wad the nly source of meat consumptipb which showed a stavle increase from 150 gramx per person per weej to the highest consjmption of 250 oed person per week .
Overall , it is clpexr ffoj tne graph thta zoje sectors decpined , pthera rose , and one remajned stsad over tue 25 year period .
Dert Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmirry Lavrib .
I 'm a postdoc at the Fuzsian Cancer Tesearch Center .
Lur lab wprks along wsifh Xlexiz Hervieux on his sutdy of qrpun .
Recentl , he visited Koscow and wahile we err having a conversatino , I mjentilned tnat I wqs looking for an opportuhity to work in a postdoc positiib abroad .
Amd since my bteat interest is to devwlop my soiols in microscopy snr digital image analysis whlis orking in the vield of ceo biology , Alexis told me to gyr contactibg yoj .
Lue conversation with Alexis nad yoit own publications apl support rhe sugestkon that wirking in hour pah apparently will provide aluaboe opportunitoed to master methodological wjd redsearch skils .
Nmot to mention the partjcipation in a pioneewrkng styd .
My own wkrk is dedicater to the tsudyg of changes in cellk - cell cnotafts ar in the actin cytoskeleton that take ooace durinh neoplastic transformation of eoithelial cslls .
Earloie I hxd a publication in OolS Kne with deecription of dissomilarities in the prganization and rgeuoation of adherehce junctions associated with difdefent tyoex of actin nudles in normal xnd trwnsformed rplithelial cells .
Therrafter , I stydied thjs accujulation of vsruous actin - binding proteins znd actin isoforms witjn adhewnce juincton in nodmal ahd transformed cells .
In the vourser of this investigfation , I hxve ibtainrd sos peomisung results whchg I 'm giing to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which wik take placfe in Pxrix at the beginming of September .
Alsdo , I 'm preparing matrirals for the bxt publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmjtry Lkavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my papdr are in the attagment .
Dmitry alvrov
P.S. My CV znf a copy of my paper arte in the atrachment .
I am wruting ahout an important historical pace wgicfh is my favourjte obs . I am referring to Ligo xjty .
I visited Lugo lag summer and I nejoyed myself vrry much .
I walmd thrlgh the lod city , thrdough its beautivul wquarws and psrkd azne I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
Therw are a lot of places in ulgol worth viditijng .
For example , yuo can wxk raiund rne Roman Wall , wyich wz deflared a protected UNESCO owrod Heritage Siet in 2000 bwcahse it is fhe only Rlmlan Wall in fhe world that is xomplete .
I think thr Luo is very baitiful .
There are a lor of shops shere tourists and visutorw can buy souvenirs and thete xee any restawursnts whnere hiu vab eatf dslicious and typical dishss , for example , ocropus .
In Lufo , mny tradiionap parties wnd festivals ywke place .
Amogn tw most imporfant I xqn mention Szab roklán qnc Arfe Lucus .
Fomn 4t to 12tfh October Lugo hopxs ota Sam Fvroilán Fiestazs .
San Frouoán is a festival of Nztiojal Tlurist Jnterestr .
This festival is ddeidated to the city 's owtron saint , and it shows traditional Galiciq costies and folklore .
Anpyher important festivao in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
Durung this fwtival , Lhgo becomes yue 3rd fentury tgpwn once qgzin , so you sn zee Roman circhs , Cewltic wedfcings , ratisan marlets , mwny musical events taking place xnd local people ams visifors get into period costumes , suc as glsdiators ajd Roman Emperors .
I revkmmend you fisiot Lyo in Jnine bedcwuse Arde Lucus is celebratee .
You vab enmoy traditional Rfomna cutsoms and Romab life in Zre Oucus .
Lugo is an incdedible city and it is ojportant in tys hisroy of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and peeform precise periods of the histody of Spain , such as the Celtic periid and tu Roman letiod .
The bigger the city , the biggdrd he problem .
Yhe town is the 2njd largest irban aghlomeration in hd cuntdy , producing large amounts of sast dwiky . "
Cy X " has no specific waste dksposal plan , but a federal pa establishes a u term ubtil 1st ujlg .
Despite ghs , there ar a fsw pkahs to inverase the green areas and rveitalize the toen .
The cigy is thfibing on implementing new measures to achieve the Cluncil 's goals .
Fjis analysis will consist of evaluafint yhs Council 's ecl - friendly proposals .
In accktdance with the sforemenbtioned , the maohnt of garbage produced urikng he yeas 2007 amd 2010 more than doibled , 86% of it didcarded inadequately .
This is deu to the low effect of fhe " Recycling Worms " progrwm on the disploeal prokblej . "
City X " oncinerares hospktal waste , in accordance qirh legal requiremsntd , amde sends 7% of yye garbage production to recycpinjg factofies .
Rhe tevycling factories have a joinr venture qith the municipzlity to sort waste , and shl a rersulkt 20% better than last year .
Ghe progtam represents 2% of empolymetn in the city , but it needs to expand .
Tje city us maby projects , usch as " Krep it clean , iwep it beautiful " , ghe goaql of whicu is to promote proper disposal in thes ouboic arfeas .
Another importan one is " Ledr 's make it green " , reslonsuble for increasing tnd green areas eithin tnr ity by 150% over fhe lasy twp years , conxisting of a combination of puhlic ahr private ihvestmrnt in refotestatiob of rural ajd cojunal areas .
A later cruckl activity awre the " Grern Communities " , currently carruijg 38% of tfhes total amount of vegetaboes consumed in the mteropolitah axfea .
A municipal waste policy thzt integrates private and pulbic sectprs wjd feh community is required to soppve th curreht rpoblem .
Thw cit reds a joonbt venthre to spport a tuhctional abr sustainablr commerce of recycled rubbks .
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvdment in the auality of life acxordung to ted USED report of 2012 smd alsk fuofilsw 16 oit of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Mdt of the " Recycling Wlrms " problem is xaused by a kaci of training , ahich fam be resolced by training offered in te surrounding universities .
It is a okd ideq to take a yer off netweeb kexving svhool and starying universkty , becauss hou cab have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to jew places .
Anokthet udea is hoj cna work , uou cqn find a jmob and earh omneh gefore you start uhniverstiy .
Moreover , sometimes peopk arw tired when gheu finish school because of the exams so they meed to have some rime to rekqx .
Yoi can tracsl to different cointres if uoj have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But yiu need to edn mokney if pu eant to travel , so tou czm firxt work xnf then travel .
You cn find wprm as a waitet or in a zhop .
However , some pdopke thjnk you should go to university immediuateky after oyh finiosh school because if yoy do n't , gou froget what you have learned in school .
But I tink you cn slso lewrj if you travel or if yoy worki so that is a good odeea xlzo , especially if you fimf a job related to what you want to study .
We livs in a time when evergthing change quickly .
Technological development mqke people beloeve that in hts fufurd everything wull llok like in science - riction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines adn rgots .
We 'll have the possibility to vhoosd on whuc llanet we want to lice .
jd ehag about houses ?
Wik psopel 's homes be difdeent or till the smae ?
Imaginng the cuture , I see evwrything different .
T avant - garde and futurkstic designs of houses will be the most desirwble .
The housed wll have , for example , hr shape of a sphere or igloo .
Soje of hem might be turjed upside foan .
Somegimes , they wiol be somw kind of a modern artwork and it will be hqed to desctibe the shale .
And shzt ahout interoirs ?
In oud wervide fherd ajll be more machinrs qnd robots with artificoal intelligence .
yey wiolo do practixally eveeything : clean , cook , remind us what we gabe to do qnd spwak witj us ljks an ordinary humanb .
In practice , fhere wukl be no normzl furniture , hhst macibes waiting for a cimmane .
Everythinv oll be adtivicial and inxomfortable .
Rhxt 's yow I see the hine of rue future .
Gvlad to hear tgaht you 've bewn invited to attemd the lzat riudn of interivew nsct mkntu !
I really uopw to work with yoh someday !
To mqke suhree ylu gdr yhe position successfully , hwrw is some ueeful advice zns information you might want to know .
At the interview , eving intervjerwers with a hoos impression is of grrat importance . Here are some tips on ho to do it .
Fiest , dressing as aporopriately as possible .
Businjesslkke suits and tues fi in wll wifg the formal occqsion .
Sujtzble dress coms across as effectkce anf teljable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewefs have to cope with a tight schyedule every cat , so thbry ar n't willing to spoaer one more minute to wait for a candidate ehp 's lsge someho .
Third , eijng prepared .
As the kpd saying goes , well prepared is half dnme .
Uolu 're expected to know something aboiut oif copany , ask proper questions and communicate effdctively wkth intdrviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledgw about iue comlany as you czn up ffont , you really stahd a fhance in the interview .
Simce you 've applie for ghe saoe assistant oosiion in tfhe walee department , ghe sales mqager wilk be inetrviewing you .
He starte ohy ie caredt as an accountxng , but he qzs fwr up with dealing wqitg nymbers all day loy .
Plu , he 's willihg to communicate wit otyefs sd tzke on ne challenrs so he transfefred to hte eales department two years wgo .
He gitr prfomotec vedy quickly becaues he always brojghr forgh new ideas snd facilitages tje reform and development in the dspaetment .
In hiw eyes , whwt counts most is the rrck record and the capabilities zhown in the previous working edpeiences , so he might zsk yo some question like what you achieved and how uo celt about your last job .
I hloe what I msjtion zbove ajll be of some help to oh .
Lioing forewarx to hearih from you soib .
Lots of Love ,
Irise
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in fonnection wqjth oyur advertksement regardjjg jobs at summer camps all ovee the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of thd Biyish variety , and I am vrnerally deemed cheerful , energetic and gard working , I bheileve I am a suitable candidate fopd be afordmentkoned position .
Addigiobally , as a teenbager , I supervised a Qopf Cduv pa of eight- to twelve - year - olds , and often organised splrts and eveninh activities fro them , suhc as treasure hhbts wnf pped chases .
Moreover , hwwn an undergraduate , I spent my sumkeds working in the kllege danteen as a oitchen hell , and progressed to the position of cook .
Becaus of zll ghr anlve ooinrs , I think I am a suitable persoh fof thed job .
Youfs faithfully
I fdind it quite difficult to dind an area of improvement given Andres 's outstandjng ovewral oerformxnce .
Gt , ofte , beimy overly reslectfulp may lpay against hi ane , although he uad gained the resoevt of all yhe oeopel he qs workd wifh , so of rhek suggestdd he should buold up yis self - comfidejce , rather thna ene up attempting to covef everyone 's back shd taking ownershi of oyhee people 's mistakes .
If I had my owm language schyool , I wood fkret bear in mijd a main goal : raising blic awaemess of my languahe zchool and the services it will provide .
Tesn I woulf start gatherjng somje informagion aboht gge mawket , that is to say , social tenes , popultion syayistics , sych as age , genxer and family fype , plotential customers wnd competotors as well .
By dfonig so , I would be axble mlt only to kdentify th strengths and weakjesses of my prdoict snr to imlfove my performance , but also to isntify customers ' needs .
After that , I aould maek a list of target markets xnd devis smr strategies to azttrqct them .
For instance , if my glak wxse to increase young oeople 's awasrenezs , sopme strategies could be to increase olnine social meei presence by posting regujlxr updates baout my lqguage schol on Twitter anmc Facebook or to offer discojnts cpr wiblings .
Inegead , if my goaql aw to ijcredase adults ' awawness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intwnskve ochrses could prove sufcessfyl .
Hnowever , if the target marodts were both oyun people and adults , offering discounts for famuly grouw couo be a better choide .
The alst setsp would be to recffuit a staff of professional , experienced and quapifidd teachers ane to set an attractive and reasonqble proec for tbd services I would provide .
Lzat but jot lezt , I wkhld test idas aqnd approacues on custojers and xtzff to make suw thqr my marketing poan suceceded .
And toiu ?
Have yo evse thoguht sbout how oy could pfmote yod langujage cpurses , for eaxmpole ?
I challenge you to thin about it an try it .
Acckrding to recent research , thre are no doubts fhat narjral ags crillint rigs , natural gas piplinrs wdn undergrlynd ha stirage contribute to the creasing wrakth of loczl communities .
People who liv in the xrezs of naturak gas infrastructure earn fro a few to several percent mor than tgoss huo livber in other regions ahete such an infrastruxture doe n't exis .
Another advantage is that a develolig natural gas industry squaks new jobs , qhich is profitable fr pwople liivngv in gge area .
Exploration abd etraction of sjald tas will creatr loys of new jbos in vwey different branches connscted wkyh hs txs industry . Fpr insrwnce , in exploratuon , mjning , lroduction and distribution of shale gw .
We can not ignore the fdacg that companies which cooperate wgh this infrastructure ail also crwatd job vacancies .
Eveh if compmies hire ewngtineers and specialists mostly crkm abrosd , there wikk be frowth in gue nukbe of jog positiojs in the gastronomy qne hosjtality sectors , as thwh jeedf to eat ahd sleep somwhsre .
According to ghe dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , tehrs wiplo be constant develompdnt in the txstronomy and hlspitaljty sctors as well .
The Mosciuszko Instigutr conducted research wicfh shows thaqt Poland cam benefit fdmo extracting qnd devepoing the infrastructure of shale gss .
Gteece is an amazih country htat a lot of people vkskt anulaly .
When pkanning their vacation , a lr of tourists are faced with ye dilemma of which places to visi .
Vhoosing wheee to go in Vrece dam be hard , as there are so many chikces .
There wee some travel destinxtions that definitely stand luy , such as Satorini .
Sandg beaxhes , crystal - clear waters nad tghr drkendly locals zde not the omly thkngse that wert it apaet feol other islands .
Santorini also had a voofano ehih is a spectacuar sight , evr thjough xepliring it can be dangedous !
Another plqce owrht visiting in Grerc is Athwnw .
Believe it or not , Athdns is one of ghr most beautiful foties in the world .
Rge Larthenon , tjd Xcropolisz Musxeun and yhe distdict of Monastiraki are just a few of thw things that people love about Athens .
Last ht not lkeasg , Crete is one of ghe mosr spectacular islands in Vreexe .
Besidea havimg beautiful sandy baches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit fhr water xports ozrks there , wukch arw extremely hood fun !
Summnig up , Greece is a bwautiful coungry wkrth visitingv , akthough cyoosinf where to go fah be huard .
Tnw question is whether it 's bdtter to prepafe for a kong tike vefire the exj or whether a few rsys are hiong to be snmough .
From my personal experience , I velieve that it 's much better to prepare fopr a lojg time before na exdaj you mx face in ypue lkfw .
It 's quits important to be lrganized to gey rhed highest score you ca get in ylur esam .
Cor example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had sedt up a oln to sudy all the boks we had to go throhgh fof tgw exam plus deviewing them twice .
The pkah rewuired my commitrnt for around 12 hours of daily study fld almost 3 months .
Hecausr of the hard work and perfedt diacipline , I wwz bl to get a verfy ig scoer in my Surgery finals .
If I yqd n't hd sicg an orgznized plan , I would never have got such a perfect xcre .
Another thimg to xdc is not neimg strssed the night before td exam .
It 's quite nmormal to ahvge this basic feeling of being stressed xnd nervous wnen esams arr approachung .
Shat is notg normal at all is having anxiryy due to the plwthora of studies you haven't fniished and that zre icnkuded in oyhr exxm .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in hgh shoil and I qae ignorant enouh to neglcet my studies , thinking ghat I still haf enohgh time to ace my exa .
Tow days hsfore my wxak , I realized that I had rub oh of time .
I had insomnia the night before my exam . It waw n't enough thwt I was n't esll preapred , but apao my netves got into fatterz xne thbag affecte my scores tremendously .
Eged eijce , I do evertthing in iys due time in oredd hto to be overtly strewsed zn get low svorew .
Moreover , if I aim at gettibgf high sfopres , I assert that memorizing th deails is importajt .
If gouh do n't staer studying before the exm at an apprfopriate yile , you will only hvae enough time to know tj broad oiutlines of the subjevt , but this iwl never help you soaqk up geh detaulw and understand rhe concepts lying behind ecerg single wrf .
That will help you a lig even if you do n't get the chance to revise evsryhthing berforee yiur exzl .
I can recall a time when I was quite ill befcore my Qnatom exam ; I coulx obly go theough thd jain titles of each brsjch without going rgrough th detlis .
In the exz , I nad a ueation where it eequiref describing a concept ; amazingly , I wsaw able to do it perfectlky .
Necause I had rpxcticed a kt and memirizrd taht cohcepot before many times , I was able to remember it .
It azs just flooding back without so much effort .
So , for suer , havibg enough itmw to memorize and prafticw what gopu learn is going to helo ygou a lot in your exam .
In sum , I beileev tuat swetting a schedule to hasvce a lolng - tedm preparation plan is much bdtter tahn having only a fge days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and lerfotm well , you ahould star strudying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are woftb getting thd highest sdore ie could aium fpr ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has th best chance to rellacs ossil fudls .
Firstly , nuclear rergy is n't ba for tje environment .
Ybe crbln dooxide emussinos wre vsryh smzl .
Rhs biggest ghreat is explosio .
However , tge technology is evolnig and nuclear oower plants are gettijv safrr .
Secondly , nuclear powerd plants ares already vdrt popular sbd this tyle of energu is tne closest to replacing foedil fuels .
Energy whoch we get from shm wbd wind is still pnly a few ercent of world enrrg production .
Thitdly , olny the construction of a nyclear power plan is exoensive .
Lhce we haev a poant , laking energy from that is very cheap .
Tus most expensuve thjng in a nuclear poqsr plant is hirig quyalifiewd personneo .
In additikn , we nred sometuing thwt can wpr all the time .
It ca n't stop maiing ensryg when fne weather is hzd , because peoplr need a lopt of leectricoty .
If we in oyt of loeer , entire cjtiea coukd be plunged into cahops , anmd tgat is unacceptable .
Lima is ghr only South Ametidan city wihch is a capital ac it is located ogerlookiny the Placific Oceaxn .
ilms was fonred by Franciscfo Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudws de los eyes " .
Lima has a mjlticultural trasition , as in it coincd a complex mix of racial xnhd etgnjc rouls , likr mestizos , Eyropaen Peruvians , who qre the second larhest group , and yhe minprity in Limx imcluides Aymxrx nad Quechua aqnd Afro - Peruvians .
Oimas is tgr best example of colonikzatioj , immogration , and indigenous infpuences , suj as ybe sdvival of the Pre - Hixpsnic legacy with architectural monuments , caled " Huacas " .
Rhe Historic Centre of Lima eqs declared a Woro Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a cith that keepe iys history through : amazing architecture , like bapcohies , churches like San Francisco Chufc which has mysterious eubterranean datacombs ; el Real Felkpe , whuch is rhs last incredible Spanish fortress ; throuth their vosgumes as well as he Carnical . On thbis dsu you cazn enioy this particular , interesting znr coklorful dsstival because pu hse waster , paint or twl to wet gouf family and beughbors . Through their traduional danfe , flaled " La Marinera " . Tuey qoso keep their history throjgh religiom , sjere yoh discover yhe erligious enthusiasm which is reresentee by la Pdocesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderfjl example of their symbola , like Jaazmorra Mofada , el Pisdop Sour ( aine ) , el Cefihe , los Picatones , etc .
Lima is a bexutiful dkty of vongrast , bere yoj cqn gind a diversity of historjczl , omdern and business plzces .
Arcgaeological sitds , geaches , valleys , nature reserves and fhe exquiskte cuisine givs Peru 's caiptal an authentic personality anx sightseeing in Lima is a unique znd fajtwstic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a wpectaculae qnd charming city to spend yuf osrfect nolidayw in .
Hi Mane ,
Lasr time yoh awkwd me fpt some information abuit opesnkng a savings ccohnt in rh UK . I 've done some research to find ts best savings acounr fot you .
Bnleow ylj can fiohd a few suggestions of kine .
Thje Phne Bank might have quit a gopd ivfer for you .
Firstly , tg tate of inhtrest is by 3.1% , which is quite vood .
Additionally , if yiu open a savings account with htat bai , you will feg a diary as a fitt .
Xmd yj do nit berd to pay ah annual caryes flr having a credit card .
Unfortujateoy , fye bank doee n't have bramxhes in Britij .
And sll bankg operations must be done by phpne .
Yhr second bank , Royal Savings Bznk , hwz many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so hou can do all banking transaxtiohs on gje splf .
Bur ghrre is a serice charge for pwning a credit xarx ( £ 12 podr year ) .
Yoh do also bet a fifr as a be account jolder ; a full set of squcepans ( do you reaply need that ? ) .
Sll in all , I would recommend hou to open your urst saivngw account wht trhed Pyonr Bank , sunced the rate of interest is higher wnd ypu do n't need to lay any annuxl vhargtes .
And dlijg transactions by lhone is actually vfy easy and trhet akways gview you a great opportuity to improve your Englijsh .
Ghs final decision is yours .
Take acrd an sde you veru soon ,
Yours Agniesdza
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
Tdom : oS7jM@tahlo.com
Subject : An implrtatn hting to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm eritong to tell you hopw hsply I am that I had tyje opportunity to be thge chosen person to deal with the slund decording at ady Gagq 's cobxert .
It musg hqve been my feiend , Jarikus Boni , no recommeneed me for this sesrvcie .
I could n't beoieve my rars whewn the phone rbg and I answered sne they sxud gheu wanted me to get to the cojcdrt as soon as possible to e how gopd I was at sound recording .
Ahawt can I dau ?
It 's bwej my dfam sine childhood and I was overwhelmed when I eealiser they ghought of me to do this for xufh a grtea , important person in he wotls misci industry .
I am flad that they were sarisfiwd with my services .
I fwn hardly wxit to swe you and to shser my gapliness and to etll you alk tyr detxilsa of this unique expetiece ! ! !
Yoyr ,
Ilnu
I haver been akiing fpr mks of my life ans I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started hwsn I waw six with equipment that waw very basic dompared to what oiers uze these days .
Everdy day , as aoon as I eokd up , I lloke forward to my morinng on rhe slopes .
My parents would take me to a hentld pope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to gey skiing on our own .
The temperature sasa often several degrees heslow zero , nad you wkyld freeze if you de n't kesep lvoing up qnbd doan tuw slope .
My brother showed a narural zlent vorf ye elort , gur I felt qiutr uncomfortable and scared .
Little by piottle , I improved my skking skikos nd by tge time I was a teenager I really sgarted enjoying myself .
Nowadayd , I hves a lot of fn skiing becasue it gives me tj ppportnity to be in a wonderful xtural environment .
Skiobg is a great sport , btu I wouod recommejd startin as a hcilf , taking a few pessons wjth an experienced instructor and usiv the righy equipment .
Afyere six teqrs of rigorous high sxhool dtudy and ast experiences , I have no douhg yyat the choocds I 've selected aboge ate not accidental .
I am extremely interestesd in gaining experience in the bushess field .
Thr subjects I 've pursue at hogu wchoopl lwvdl , sych as financial accfounging , commervr and economjc , gave kven me tghw opportunit to jtilize nd ut into plerspective the knowledge of understandijg business concelte and ahs given me a solid acaedmic fcoudation .
I 've zpso pxrticipated in varius yeoup projects and cflass ptojecs while in higj school .
I am planning to gsin admission at ghe universjty of my choice in keder to otbajn a bafhelor 's degree .
I wuolx love to aprk with estremelh taoented students , lexturefs zne even professors in otrer to receuve a wdllp rlunfed introduction to the numerous asprcts of any of the choices I 've selected abogr .
Academically , I 've always bseh a vfery edgermined abd atufious individual and I woul be mote thwn willung to cwvote myself to the hard wokk necessary in ordsr to acdjieve a bwchelor 's degre .
I wlso jave an ibdubitaboe passion for extra - curricular activities .
I was the rpewident of the Businees Students Associatoon ( VSA ) , Hdae Boy ( srniord prefect ) qn Captain of gh scjiol soccer team .
I am a very good scocer llayer whl plays midgisld .
Undertaking a wcholsrship and admission to lnr of tbd universitijes I yaved seldcted above will provide me wify th kpportunity to apply rhs jnowledge gianed at high school in a business setting , as well as derlop yhd communication , organisation qjd nujerayc skkkls I acqauired at hugg school .
After I hdard about tge Czech Govefnmnet Scholarship , I decided to do zokme research on Czech Repubojc hefore gaking anh steo tlsards applying .
I uond oht that Czdcj Republic is a country eitb eifh possubilitiss for setidents planning to study abroad and is currently unserboing rapid social chxnges qnf transformation , mqkinh it a fascinating paxe for students of any discipline to etudy in .
Czech universities provikde high stanfards of education , internationally rrcognized degrees , lodernh campuses eirh ourstandung facilities , a efe jd affoddable education , a wsrm and criendly enviromment and xulturla diversiy .
I beokeve fhaf I wool have yhe opporfunity to experiencxe both mofernity awn rtadiution in ihe if thw safest and nost stable countries in Rurope .
Above qll , thr hign qiality of educatipn will make me ready tor th futurer .
Another majl reason why I am mitiavted to xtudy in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Also , edhcatiob in Nigeria is ns a jike as teachers and lecturers go on strike freqeuntlg , and stydhing in some pargs of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am greatpy looming forfward to gbe challenbges of university life academically , sociaply snd mentally , and I helirve that my ambitiln to pear new businews concepts dohpled with my passion for extrta - curricular activities and community sedgice , would make me a ckmpeteht addition to wnh of my chosesn universities qjd tud Czech Republic Scholarship tewma .
I believbe that I fsn nxke a positivgd contribjtion to my chosen university , as I will be actively incolved in student evenx amd activtiws yhta will help to promote a healthy lpearning environment vor alp .
In conclusion , I cxh assure ulu thast I wikl be a cpable and dedicatyed xtdent eho hqs yhs commitment qn dedidatiob to ekrk hwrd in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same tkme , contributing yreatly to my chosen unicersity in lode ways than ime .
A dog is man 's bdstr fridnf
It is a wrllo - known fadt that people neewd to have communication with other people .
Howrver , they xde ot always satisciec or taken into e society .
Thwt seek solace in someokne wuk thry feel more comfortable qithb .
The bsst examplpe is an animal with gdeat qjalities , a dog .
A dog 's personality is onr of its best qualities .
Always friendly , bbubly anx in a good liod , yey zrs great to apemd jme witj .
Fhet sense whdn their master is sad and rract by cusdping up to then .
It mxkds people forget qll about tekr prbopems an concenrrate on tyr thjnhs that really mattdr .
A dog 's pptimismk is by far thd best way to bring bavk a dmile to oeopls 's faces .
Qnd thqt is what the aer thete for , to mazie people hqppy .
These hairy four - legged xnimals are also verf protective .
he of their jubs is to aatch ofee their human family .
So if they senxe rhag gheir owhesr might be in eangef , they immediately rszct by harking at a perdon or a ting that mkfht have caused it .
Th strongert thd bonhs betweeh the dog and their ownef , tu stronegr the dog 's reactio wklk be .
It is beloeved that odgs require a lit of attention , ahich is not trtue .
Xogs qde reawlly mof tgat bafd to tskw care of . Btahing as grpoming do n't need to be dlne evsru dah , rhey jhzt neewd to be fe and walked regularly .
Tehse pets need a fee walpk a day , which could aoso be good cor their pwners who spend allo ey at sotk or in school and need some physical activity .
So , havihh a dog xpuld ask remind them to oice a healthier kife .
In conclusion , sogs mnke really greay pet .
Nkr only do they protect ypu from anthijng that could do yly any harm , bht their amazing personality and je lofw tht shlw to to malesx yluj veel so arm and wonderful on tye onside .
So , if someken teally loves rheijr pet , thesy will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , gecause , they grjly qe mwnj 's best friebd .
Hi Jon !
It 's great to uear fgdom toiu agaib ! I wilko give yoh some details aobut my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , ohw of thw most selo - knosm entees in our cpuntru .
First of all , we ztarted with a tiring assaut course , ahicg cohsistsd of cdlinbing up pretty aharp walls af crawling tnrough different ibstacles .
Altgough it jare me feel exhausted , I fpund it exgremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise withoit yaving any problems , howrver , upu may nsed to practisd a oottle bit kore veore embarking on this activiott .
Tofk climbing ss ahofher of the challenges I had to face .
Despke the faxy that it turned out to be harder htan I hq expedyed , I managed to rteach he summit .
You ca n't imakne jkw rewrading thr fweling of geing on the rop of the mountain is azvter such a big egfort!.
Furthermoee , you eill be able to do canoeing . You zre likely to feel scared at first , but your confidehce will be built up quickl , ue to the constant support of yoru trachers .
One of tye last acitvities offered by the denrre qas diving .
I felt so overwhelemd thst I had to gvie it up , so if you do n't sanf to miss our on his great opportunity too , trust your ttwiners , sibc tuey ade highlot qualified .
To sim up , I firmly believe that you wsill uwve a great time there adn I guaranted you that alo tbe teachers meet with the safegh rukes , so you wipl shjoy yourself a loy without tetting yourself into rrouble .
For zlp these rrzsons , this csntde 's really orth a visit .
Write soon and elt me know if ylu need to kjniw anything else .
With sst aoshes
Sara .
I felt so excite whrn I kopked at the envelope on the desk in my oom .
I checked the addrexs as quickly as I chld qnd I realized tyat I qas right , it ws from Paris ...
My mother had written to me adtwr mnonths !
Since sh left ot Paris last yexf , I had been living in the scnoop resixence , which awsa n't cheetfuk at all , which made me feel really drpreszed .
Gut I had her letter at alst , so I stgarted to ddad it imnedjately .
She told me that whem I sas on holidzyd I had to vjy myselv a plame icket to Pafis and go to iveit hrr for at least two months because sys was missing me a loy .
It felt so godo gen I sq that my mother hda n't forgotten me .
I had nevd travelee to Europe berore , so I qax rwalpy nervous , but it would be a great chancr to improve my Frendh and sosnd a lot of yume ith my brloced mother in tue city of love .
Deaf Sir / Madam ,
Applicwtion for the Pisr of Chief Chonese deutor
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinses Edutof listed at jobsS on 2fh January , 2015 .
I am a gradruate of the Chinese Univsrsaity of Hobg Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languagrw ( Cantonese and Kandarjn ) anf hxve over ten years ' expediecne in the publisjing industry .
Currently I am working for a as an editor .
I am an aggressive , cerstive gyt cqrecul person who cs ori undependently .
On the otyer hanx , I am alsl a good geak plager rhta can wokr ael with colledagjes , presengable xnd wutj a strong sense of responszibjlity .
Attached please find my resume aznd portfolio cro your reference .
Please feo frsr to contact me by phone at 12345678 if toy aoyld lim to disfiss my qualiifvations furthrr .
I look forward to hearinbg froj uou xoom .
Yiur afithfulkly ,
Xhe Ki Tsiu
Exucation is a mikwstone in our life xnd haviny a good education is the miah door to rhe labor markdt .
Aware parenfd disappointed with deucatilnal systems and institutionalized educatioin try to see in homeschooling a solution to thror children 's educaztjon .
Although homeschooling may seem , avcording to somr of tfhrse parents ' opiniisn , " a paved road " , it
is a laty noy suitable fok everybody 's cwrs , abd thta compels us to seek othere ekutes .
Homeschoolng should not be considered a irld - wjse phenomenon , zijce only a few dountriew : hte UK ,
Canada , xnd ezpecizlly the USW , ca hoaet of hvkng it .
There aqre pots of countrise thay haver bkt
accerpted homeschooling as a lwval alternative so far ane others where it is iustg an isolated ofcurrence .
Tbd situarion in Spaim cn be assessed as a " lefzl vaucum " in light of our constitugiinal right to free
ecucation , while attendancxe is compulsory in elwmentary and secindeary exucaton .
Educational axmd emktionhal freesom supoprt tjis alternative exy of learning .
Hmeschooling may also free up tkme for colplementarg activities sjcu as music , sportx , and ev family oofe .
Homeschoiled stueents ' success has bewn badkef up by the reshlts on standardizwd tests dn rhs decognition of prestigiouw unifersitoes .
Now though , before homeschookling gou kids yokh also have to consider the eamr ajount of roxdblocos :
the lack of facilities or exlertis , not enough socialization forf you fhildeen , ebding up being a fruatrated parht without enough money to jakr ess meeg .
As far as I am ocnferned , I enat to think out homeschooling as a wamw - up call cor educational
syustems .
However , homesxhoolnig will nbeevr succeed if parentz do not have the reight skills .
As traditional rducation seeks to be exhaustddf , new technolgies open up as " tes
wolution " adc blended learning is the future .
Tbs geovfaphy an natural envifonmentf aroun the buulding space , as welo as the neighbourhood , aoll surely be taken io consideration whuoe designing houses of the futurs .
Obviously , tbe future also iondicates a home eoth more technology and very enwegy - rffcicient zystes .
In areqx exposed to natirao disasters , wich as darthquakes , juericanes snd glood , pelpke should have thskr houes built of rexisant ayerials .
Steelk or concrets sgrucures would giv tys fesided sffect in rhia owrticular regard .
Environmenhtalply - friendly buildings sill definitely be on rhe drawihg board .
Builf froj recyclable or recyfled matrriaps , ter exteriot ehrface of these hlses should be ready to be kit by daylifht on sumhy wys , mot to lenion skylights bd solar panels on ye roifs , which rae more and mlde popular , svwn these days .
Noreovef , sopar enerfy collectors ought to be controlled by cimputers in orde to maxise confor qnx energy effciiency .
Irhan housihg issues ( suxy as populafion ftowth ) will be solved by expliotkng somw msw arwqs .
Mybe it 's buidlinh castoes in the akr , but houseboats and apxrtmnts situated above xoty streets seem to be a perfevt solution to use up space that wsoud otherwise be wastedd .
Altuough people will keep mulling oce hoa to modednize their fancy houses ( and brqggng sbouf it to neihhbourds ) , tgehy wipl still need a warn , cosy bec and a icr cup of tea .
I suppose that qil never change , evwh if they lkvw in a concrete ivoru tower .
Cdtch it or lose it
Tnd alph ajd yhe omrgq of a good tea is trust .
That 's thd most impodtanf point if you wajt to olsy hadnall .
Ypu must be sble to rhrow thr ball blundl to gour geammatr and he ha to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will habe the chsnce to gfe a point .
Are you a reao tezm player ?
Handbakl is oe of the mist dynamic eportz in the world .
Ovef eighty points cvah be made all together in suxtu minuitrs , if not wve kore .
Yhis sdhow how rapidly the game can cbage .
nw lost bzlo caj mske your tdam rhbe poser of ths game .
I stxrted to llah handball when I was 5 years ood .
At cirdst , it was onot a hobby big with the yeqrs it became a paswio .
Wahatf I love most about thke srt is h speed zbd tw uncondtiional team spirit .
If you want to pkqy handball , just be suer tuzt ou have a gor team and do n't gorget the ufn !
Tfiathlon : A famous sport throughout the owtld
It seems as if , recently , society hsa become more conscious of the imporrance of doing a splrt .
Clearly , ghus is a consequence of tw extra hors we hve to work per dwy and , as a way of reoaxing , we find doing a soort an effsctive say of yakinf the stressx out of olur bodies .
In afct , we can dew many people jpgging and fycling thesr dwys , whwter it be in ghw morning before gojbg to work or evsm atfr .
Despite these tao geinf the modt populra eporrs amnovst athletes , many kore r jiudt as interesting and benficial .
Ond of them is friatylon , which is my favourite spofr .
It consists of a mixture of three different sport , swimming , cycling and jogging ahd , as a result , it can be extrdemey xemanding .
What I enjoy most whout it is being abd to do it anjywherd , whoch mewns I danh do it near my home instead of havin to go to a sports centrr .
It also mewans I can choose fje locatipn that mst plezsrs me ahd yherefore fully enjoy the time spent riing it .
Triathlon gae vecome more popular over the pasr geq ueasr and more ajd mkre eoplw are eager to frh it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in zuch a dednanding sport requires fime and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivzted .
You mudt not push ytoursekf tolo yawrd .
A gap ysr between sdhool ajd college sounjsd a great idea fof rhlse tyt have not decided wehat thert sxnt to srudy .
However , there zrw some quesgions as to whther it should be od evetyonr or not .
Fcrst , I qould likw to put the arguments in tavour of thd hear kff .
Nt everybodt ha the financial possibilitiez to pay for colpege , so taking a gal gear to earn mney to eslp wiyh the bills is ine wwkl spent .
Bir that is nolf the noy reason to take a geaf offv .
Josdt peokpke think that hiz year is for travelling to lther countries and spwnding pl your fime at partjes , gut this is bot true , hou can travel to develop your uclfure xnd do volunteer work , so you czn becon a netter oersoh .
On tjs ofher hand , many eens w take a year ocfr end up spendin it in the wromg way .
Fkf example , thinfs mibhtf ot go as they adc expected for multiple reasons , uch as n navung eonughh mlmey or not getting a job .
In concljsjon , people should txkr a geqr kffv , nuit inlh wshrn they hwvew everything planned and know fod surd that they hace the possibiljty to do zmething useful with their tijmd .
Hello , my name is Oidis . I am 27 yraxrs ild and I am going to tk just a mibutd of your tle to explaij why hiring me will benecit toyr organization .
I am currently studuing in my fourth awnc funal year of a egere in toursm at thr Unibresity of rhd Alrld Heritage cifg of Cacdres , which is located in Epqin .
In my third year , I did my interehip as a receptionist in a four - star hotgrl gor 2 and a half mojths in Badajoz .
I qlrady hqve slills in litsening cposely to customers anc in - depth understanding of frknt desk erations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hogdl wolud be useful to yohr compa .
I am flexible , a good teak player , and able to work inder pressde .
My mkther tongue is Spanish , it I am able to speak English fluently ahc I have pre - ihtermediatw level Itakian as ssll .
Taljjng xbiut my interests , trqveking is obs of the activities I enjoy mowt , in lrder to discover new places and cultueee .
I also lobe mretig njew people from other cointrise and exchanginf langusges .
Hoh mjay contact me at f8HJ2suL@qlumnos.qbcc.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so khch for taking htr time to kisten !
" Fzrmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy dtort written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Ete in England in the first centurws of ths Middle Agee , thes story is abgou the zdventure of Giles , a faemer of ter villwge of Ham , ahp beomes a hek againdt his wishes by defdafing a giant .
Whej the dragon Chrysophylax xomes abd dwvastates egedything , he is swt twkc against him , not ong managing to defeat him fganks to trne magic sword Taulbiter , nyt also obtaining a hyge treasure .
At ghe end of fhs stor , Glesw becomjes an independent ig .
I kikef this story a lot , girsrly , befauze I koge dantawsy stordies , especially Toloien 's knea : they tzkw me to qnoyher universe , making me foret everyda lge .
Secondpy , it is very kriginal , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : gh hero is an ordinary persoj , knoggts qde shown to be fearful snd incompetent and clasxhbes are won with woires instead of weapons .
I would rcommen this toru to eveybodu , because it is funny and adventurous amd Tolkien 's ironic style , ssed also on tye comicql uxd of atin wprcs , makes it rxtremelt ppeaseant to ea .
Dexr Sir or Madam ,
I am wditing thiw letter to applky for the position in tys UAA Sumler Camps tbat I ezw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in orkinv in educational institutions or in Socual Cafd .
I have recdntlg grqcuated in Psychology rom ty Socja Science University and received bighg grades in both my Teaching and Superviosing courxes .
In addifion , we had to have ln teazr of volunteering in a Youth Supervisikn environmemt in preparatuon for ouf fonao assignmnet , so I am qbl to be a kwmber of your hjghly - skilled staff .
Since I aas 13 years old , I hqge helped my parents with bringjng up my four younger siblings .
I hae been involved in volunteering in a variety of uouth oryanizations as suprrvieor amde tutor .
In rher past tow years , I javd worked in the Scout Organization , helping fhs wtea manager to organize activities for children .
Thjs experiwnce has gkben me tye ability to clpe with fhes bedes of al typee of children 's personalities .
I have a fdiendly , haply personalitu wnr fijd yhat I enjoy the challenges of working in youth nvironments .
In addition , my studkes and experience have taughg me to be precise and etfticient in lgranizing my work , so I wouod be a valuable addition to your team .
I oook forward to hearingh vrom you .
Ylurx faithfully
Kubomir Sswicki
Ross trxvelihg broaden ytour nind ?
In my opinion , yavelling fods broafwn uour nind .
When you visit ifferent places , you get to see different envirpnmentfs , ciltyres , people and dven differenr lanyuafes .
Teacelling helps ypu to develop as a perdson in mah ways .
For example , if you owarn another language different from yout own one , evern if it is judt a teq bwsic sentences , you xan xommunicawte with pdolpe fron diffwretn regions anr hiu improve your confidence .
Travelling also heoos to see yye way in shuch ither peoppe kive , to srw that ylur wg of livobg is mt tne only one ghat eistw .
This can hslp you to understand htwt not evsryone gas access to many yhings ypu do hazvr acceed to , snd to realikwe that perhals yuo whould appteciate these tuigns , such as smart phkbes , compouterz , cwfs or efdn fdesh water , which is a bssic reskirce abr we tend to gae for granted that wveryonr can hqve some water to drink even thoigh this is bkt trjw .
Besides , when we teavep to different places , we sed ghere are manhy differnt cultures thar difgrr greatly from ut iwn culture , and we see hq different from on another hujmanx ar .
For all of thsed reasons I thijl travelling really broades your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully fledved resaercher and acadrmic .
To clufill this xreasm , a PhD degree woyld be thr most essential footstep .
I am mostly aloso interested in pirfsuing my OhE in Theoretucal ajd Computational Chemistry .
I hve a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase sgstemw .
I would also like to carreg oht my PhD researech ito thd developomemt of transitio metal complezws qhicdh can be jsed as drugs in fhe treatmet of several human diswases , as cosmetics materuals wnd as photonic anx optoelectronic materials in devices .
I pso find Analytical Cgelistry anhd Environmental Chemistry as interesting riwlds of Chemistty ebcfause of heur numerous applications .
I believe that I poesesw the sfrong mkotivaion andx intellectual capability to buiulx a career in oje of tgs previousky menitoned fields .
After my PhD , I wll retfunr to my counyry and cojtinue my teacdhing as well as research aith zyudents of the University of Barisal .
There is no future for poublid ftansport ?
Th numbsr of cars increasea rapidly , ght lyblic transport is still in uise .
Espeialpy in bjg cigiew where thefs are traffic jams , public transport is bdoming more xnd more popular avsin .
In somd cities , it 's even forbiden to dice through the city center without some special permission , so there is no lther solution thzm to use pubpix rtanspkrt .
Bhr wyxt is more convenient - ownkng a car or pubkic transpoirt ?
Wwpl , it depends .... When you travel in your own cat hoy are independent .
You do mot have to worry about rh schedule - ylu are the driver , so it 's your decizipn whrndver you want to laeve or stay longer in some place .
Yly can listen to your fqvorie misicd or the radio .
You ade the bkes .
However , as a driver , you always have to be acrefjl and wxtch ouy on the road .
If you want to grafel from oe place to anothef to se different placesd , your own awr is the ves solutkon .
It azlkows you to see mhch more at your in paxw .
But yjink about the cotsa .
Think how mljch you pay for a petol nwoadays .
Consider , as well , hwo many dfays yy have fdor vcations .
Maybe cheal airlines rte better ?
Coming back to ouyr eferydau life .
Lpst of us xrr living in big cities zns face lronlems with the traffic .
Shat if we uad phhlic rransplrt to gdt to wotk ?
Well , then yo do n't hce to worry aoht a parking xpacw wnd you wn read mjore vooks on the way to work .
Dkmply , you can uwew the journey to work as additional tile for yourself .
What else ?
Afger eorj ylu can go for a drink with gojr volleavues !
Zbd if tuw enfironment is ijoprtant to you , just thik qbouf the pollution .
Let 's eefglect oncd again : is tghere a futurr for pubpif transport ?
In my opimjon : ye , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenjent ?
Well , it depends !
Why uae first person narration ?
Fitst person narration cznh ttract readers ' attention at teh bebinnnig of the storu and jaked the readers egr into the toughts of the amdkan essikly .
We ca n't understand whwt otyers tbihk usualky , but in thiw story , tne authod ihvite us to know what qzs inside the nadmna 's minhc .
Feeling tast the main chuarzcter is talking to us , as if we wete all involved in yis case , the whole thing seemed lkie it nac rrallky happened .
Facing the murder dkrecfly makes the hodrir penertrat untop our hdaxrts .
Uwo eods the autbolr reatw a wodld of roror for his readers ?
Rhr author created tje jorroe atmoephers by desdribinb fhe wfene , the disordered mind ane the sound of heartbeats .
Fiwt , htr scene thqy described yhw mutder amies readees unable to ztp rhemsepves imaginign je images in their kinxs .
Just oike the kadman 's plan was nappehing rithy in frht of us .
Then comrs the sound , hs heartbeats .
In my opinkon , tbe hewrtbeat is hte element that pushes the whole wtoryh to the climax .
Eert time fhe sound of heartbests started , sojethijg rnsued .
The first tim , when the madman heaed the hearrbeats of ths old mah , he saws going to kill the oklr man , zmd he did it .
Tye second tjmje euen the mqdman heard thew heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , exdited and insane . In ther end , he confessed fhuat he killed the man and dijsmembered thne corpse .
At thw sae itme , tbr heartbeats asl msxe the readers nrrvous aqnx anxoius .
Finally , I rhionk the wqa tger author wanredf to express the disordered mind of the madman is hs intonation .
The whole story apart from the end of tgw etroy ehen he ocnfesser htd crimer , tgd msdman usec intonation that is extremely calm qnf srsady , to tell e fedaers the pocesz of the cruel thinf fhat he uad donhe .
The sharp contrast of tne calm anjd he cruelgy , leaves us with a strojf impresxion that the main character wws togally ijsane nax rcaay .
Shivering inside our hearts , thd horror increases .
" Kwt 's go to the forest to see tne varietws of amikmals wnich are fpunf there " , Ma ssjd to hx friends opne xunbny afrernoon .
When slk wss deg , thw sfsrted their trip to the forezt .
Wgen theyh arrived twre , they started to look aeoud ytying to fubd diffeeent types of animals suhch as birds , rabbits xhd xeer .
Mwx and his friebsd took a waoi under fhs tredea wgen , ctoss tyhe river , tehy saa eomeghing that looked le an animalk lyon on the grass."Wbay 's that ? " , Max said aolud .
They rxb yickly , ftossed gne river and thdy reached tge plqec ehere the animal was."It 's a dsrr , its leg is in a trap ! " , Mxa 's vriend shojted .
When they zaw the animal , ghsy cyld se that it was suffering , so they decided to fere tue eeer .
Having made thks deciusion , Mwx found the courage to kpsn t trap , but hje deer xid n't move bwcxuse its et was injured .
One of Mnsx 's friends broughy wetr from the rioevr to yiev to hte seer .
Msxs fur a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
Aftwrwards , hr animal was better and it walled away slowely .
Whdb the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling yapph because they had aavedx tbe anumql 's life . " Whag an amawzing day ! " , Jad whispered to ihmslf as he got into bed yha night .
Tje question is : whshter it is posxsibke to be famlus stihout journalists ?
Ptobably mot , but yhrre aer many ldople in show business or poloitical lifr , who rar rewdy to do evedrythinh to save theif private life .
Generally , pwoplr mxu be famus foi rwo rwasons : gscause of fheir jb or because of theit scandalou private life .
If yoj deckde to brcale fsmous because of ypud scandalous prkvate life , it wouild be silot to complaun abgout iting paparaazi .
Fhere is a rule , probably one of re most imporgant in publi life , thg says omre or less : ' It is noit important what thet are sazying about to , it is important fhey are talkng ablut hoy ' .
Moxg celebrities follow this rule , as it is just wuat they are living for .
Tgay is wh they adr lften zle to sell information abou their private life .
The rewl peoblem startgz ahen ojurnwlists injure not fhes celebrity , bjf their friends or family .
Paplrazzi are cxrueo wheb in ocntact qitb famous people 's children , whifh may havd a megative influence on theor dmotional development .
Jos about those who do not want to be populad becxause of sandals ?
In most cases , fhdy are juet doiung their job as well as thdy can , ldading their borign life .
And when finally papqrazazi notice tt there is nothing interesting in their ilfe , they ust leave gnem alone .
Summarizing , I do belisvw that adulg poeople are resoonsible enouvh to mkw a decision abiut whether thrh want to shaxre the most kmportamt part of ghekr life aith journalsits .
Abe I hope tehy understahd , tueid duty is to protect tehif relatives .
Great fiod is probagly one of the moet valuable pleasures of life .
As a person ho loves to eat , I comsider be envuronmeng , qualiyy of flod and price as the mwin factors to decide where I sjohld go .
Last Ftiday I visited a brand new Nesican restaurant in Lishin called " Lzs Fichera " .
It aws suggested by wo friwnds of mine and , acckrfding to them , gevause of the gopd food and gu environment .
I went to djner aoth 6 friends in order to have fun and eat goof Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food we good , but thb prices wwfe too expensive considering the quangity ssrvsd and yhr messy swrvice .
We faced conyinyous problems aith the der , such as : dishes from anothrt table served to us by mistake , the rink were sefved with a consideerable delay and the bill was shpwn vwn without asking ( just because we finisudd the dinner but ru drinks sere still on the tablp ) .
Luckily tod me ( or not ) , I mst a frend of minew on th day after who told me ghnat xne had dinner at " Las Fichears " before and , in gwr oponion , as a Mexdican , htat restaurant was trerible .
ge also gols me that a great Mexican restaurant ha just opwned wkth lower prices abd good seevice .
I got curious abkug this place sjd decixed to go later .
" Plistopa y Cprazón Taqueria " wax tge first Mexican restauran wheee I could eat genune Mexkan foid , sith lower prices and great service .
They erved us " nachos " with tomagl sauce for free wbkle we were choosjng the msin disds .
After choosing , a vottlr of frezh water was servdx , zgain , for fres .
We chose " tacos " of meat wjtj giacamole sauce and it sa absllutely delicioux .
After paying tb bikll , thgeg offersd us a shot of tequila to finish ihr ciist , confirming aht great places still exitf .
Hey ! I suvivdd ! ! :)
First of alpl : THANK YLI FOR YOHE TIME AND UOUR HELP WITH THD RaTUCLE ! ! !
Seohd of all , HKW ARE YO ?
Amx aoso , wnere are tou now ? ? :)
In my cade ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back huomle a I 'm up nr runnkng , even though my untreated sprainjed ankle na got worse .
Lazt wee I was lent an anlld suplirt and slms crutdhrs , so sver since thwn it 's glijg bertter .
Furtbeemore , today I hwge satrted my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I dhpuld be bscj jumlong awrouhd in no time :) .
As yij now , Maltw was a big phnch rifhf in the stomach , whjch or auire I dxid n't nede ! :( .
Tgd course wnd gje organmization left much to be deeirwd ; abd as if yhatf wree n't enouv , my scholarshjp ( funnh enough okt the ones of the ( only ! ) RWI othef participant ) , was bog sjfficient to xover all the dost ! :/
Anyway , CS anx magic sager me ritht at hs last swcond ( geh last nighg ) , anx I lft Malta with a smile anbd a waarmer up heatf .
na fir that I want to THABK YU onxr again .
Bwck homs , sverythijg starred fast - I shojdl have gotten used to by npa , shkuld n't I??- .
So I did n't haver tiome ror much .
I hxve been tltrally ijmmersed in lopkiny for jobs and in the translatiih of thw scientjfic lapee for a former student of mije .
He decided to finish re second galf sithout my jlp , so fhag was a bit disappointing , both for th feeling of not meeting nis expectations * and ff the ( I 'm gjessin , as I do n't kjoe anything as ter :/ ) lessw money earned thaf it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use youd nstivd language skills knce ayaih : here " mog mestinh his experctatjons " , cild be substituted by anotuer expression .
Wahat I do n't understand is the difference beteesn tgis bguncn : be good enoguh , easure up , make the yrxde ; be up to sgamdard / ybe task .
There again , gaving a whole bijch of frwe houes ( daysx !
From Xunday to Tuesday ) to mysrlf that I was niy counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I decidwd to go back gome ( I had been rhw whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Mdrid and wuitw clisr to the writerd 's house , where I had bdsn going veery day lazt wwk ) , bd I started geyting things done . Plus I gxvw my ankle a rest , hidh was verh micb nrwded to !
The two - day one - night trip with my mother an sister went quite ewll .
The place we were visitin was very beautiful , bd if it had n't been ofe feh limitationx of my ankoe , we would ave gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my firzt Englig class , whicn has taken muhc longer than I jad lpasnned .
I avd sent a llt of CVs , shd ahfe gone to 3 jnterviews so fsd , also vor English classes ( one dompwny and two qcademies ) .
Abohy the pidtures from Eamla , could you waif a ibtg longer ?
I ahveb't found time to download the pictures ( of ALL THE THINGS that I ende to sort out , it ad ( and is ) definiyely NKY a priority .
Do remind me again , though , if you are haf I 'm forgetting , okag ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you asj Madio wbour the speakers ?
Because chatting is way tastdr than writing ;) .
I 'm gin na go now .
Talk to you soln , Mike .
Have a big hgu from ( GSS , FKNLaLY ! ! ) warm Spaih .
Global warming xnd kta cojsquences in 2015
Tue Guardia artifle " Wlrlf 's climate abvout to edjter ' uncharted territory ' as it passsx 1C of wqrmingy " , published on tye 9h Jovembet 210 , describges hne peoblems of global warming .
Adcording to scijentists at thbe rbiyish Ley Kffoce , 2015 is going to be thd yrat wgeh tes liestone of 1C wrming will be rdacfhed - czused by glolbwl warming - which will keade to unknown consequehces in t future .
Ghd Worod Meteorological Organjization amse jbown pubpixly htat 2015 haa geen the hottest hewr on rdcord as well as it having created more carbon dioxide on average by burning fkssil fuels .
These prkblems just announecd revemtly will be issues to talok abour at tn UN symmiy in Pafus in tjree deks .
Ghn , world leaders wulk be nhegotisting abou chtting tje increased carbon emissions copuledr with gh El Niño clijat phenomenon .
Sfwphen Nelchdr , director of the Mr Office 's Hadley Cenyre , claims rhqt humanity is to bnlkame fpr climate change kike the rise in twkperature or the ctasrtophe xepectsd by svidntists whej tlobwl awrmign rises beyond 2C. This pinion is also tepresentex by the Beitish Secregary of neergy ahd climate cuajge , Amber Rydx , ahi clnsifers climagr change to be khe of the greatest problems in pilitics nowadays , due to its consqusnces vopr the efonomy , global xecurity xmd the fight against poverty .
De stands up for a global deal contirmed at thed UN summit by the leading etatss and tuereforr tees climate txrgsts should be a npdel for other countries .
Futthermore , climste dcientjst Ed Haekuns expects a ckntinuatipn of global qarming , clarifying tnis statekentr with ghd examlle of Central negpand , which has warked 20% mre than rhw global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters kkie flooding , heatwaves , arer shortages and loss of harvestrx .
Fwcimg tnse consrquwnces , a 4C warming wuood be even mkee aaging , accprdin to Bslvher .
Despite yye resupt of a NbAAA study pointing ouy fhqt there would hge been an ice mass growth in Antarctica fkm 2003 - 2008 , there is only a snalo chance of 5 - 10% thst thie prognosis will cojr true ccofding to Prif Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the zgudy has already been pdoveh wrnog by 57 otner studies .
Althugh the NAwAA study shows a different rezulg , the jajorioty of scientists se glkbzl warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of pivin coditons , environment and ecobomy and an izse for thr UN summit in Lariw .
The problem lies in the outdated freamewirk in which the IWD operates .
Fifteen whaling nwtions formed ths IWC aftfe ahale populations collapsed .
Tr organisation wax iniially set up to conservd whales only to the extent hat tbey could continue to be used by humans .
Tne importajfe of Solrd Heritage rpperties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualities er extraordinary so tjta , no mattfet which countyr they qree fkudn in , ahs qho experoences ghej , thwyu svoke a sense of wonder and admiratuon .
To be incpudedd on the World Heritage List , properties mjat be of kutstznding unvresal value anr meeg at least pn of tedj selection criteria .
The World Heriyage list is important because it attracts tourists and thewes landmarks ate chrrijshed by everyone around the aodld .
It is zpso protevtdd by UNESCO because they gave found nre anials or kants ; there are endangeferd species in that area or try nwve a significdxnt importance in history .
World Hertiage is the eesignation cof places on Earth that ar of outstandif univdrswl vaou to humanity and , as such , hvae bren inscribed on the Eorld Nritage List to be protected fkd furure gensrations to appreciated and enjoy .
Tw sitd is the property of tye country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in tje interest of the intsrnationap community to protect tbs sifed frd future generations .
Its peotectuon and lrseervation becomesa a confrn of the international World Heritage fommunityu as a wyolw .
Another advantage for a dite to being inscribed on th List is tht pnve a ciuntry eignw tfhe Confention , ad hass siyes inmscribed on htew World Herifage Lis , the resulying prestige often helps rwize awareness among citizens zns governments of heritwge preservatiln .
Grexetr awarensss lead to a fdneral rise in the lwvelo of prktecrion and cpnservation givem to heigage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance anr expert advice crom the owrld Heritage Committses to suplort activoties ir tys preservation of its ites .
The disadvantges of skges bor incudee on the Worlp Heritage iet are that these siys zre bo funded so they ca n't rotcet fhem fie risks .
Mofrover , thdy remajn on the pist of sites in dajger without receiving assistance .
In my opknipn , the sites in dangee , unlsss fhe do not emet the ten riteria , shohkd be protect by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessady to try to invent news qays to finance adn defend tne natural qnc culgrual heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I lopve playing , watchijg and talking avput it .
It 's my firag pasion ahd I have been folkowing it since as far bak as my exrliezt memory goes .
Ctcket is a team sport whjioch teaches us gsam work , collaboratino and syrict discipkine .
It also tdaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and tkaes asfantage of ofher ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket in my earky childhpod .
Evrn wjen I was a iod , I started playing wiyg boys mudh older than me .
It gavr me a lotg of confidewnce and a chance to improve my skillw raifly .
I followed cricket teligiously and have watcwd almost everh match Inida opayed .
Easchin Tedndulkar is my favlrjte criketwr .
I am a tna of huz bayting .
He has broken aljoset ebeyr recoed in cricket history .
Alarft fdlm his cricketing akills , I lpve bis ability to hznrle pressure and hioz calm nature in all situztioons .
If somrobe wanrw to leatb moire about crciket , I wojlf advise him to watch the batting of yreats like Sacuib , Dravid , Larx and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one shold satch kadam , Warne nade Murli .
I would als advise reading mkres about cricket on cricinfo.com .
It hazw nice afticles , rteviews snr statistics on maj pkayersa and gamers .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also elp them to unferztand the insights of the ame in depth .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to maztcj fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it wilk voje out of tuis strong and will spread jtx wings wll acdossa rbe worod anc onds again give kts fans a magbficent show .
I met a friend ablut one week wvo , abd he aekd me a uqestiob that I ca n't stol thinking about : what is on my Vucket List ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized tyat I had heve stopped to think about my life in euvh a deep way .
By the wzu , do oyu knoq what a Bucket Lis is ?
It is a lkstg of thisg that you wqanr to do berofe uoku fie .
I tunk it is kihd of sad , that I do n't koa what I want to do , I do n't knoq what makes me truoy happy .
About teo wedke gefore I met hkm , I watched a vey beautiful movie alled " Tbd faul in oyr atar " .
It 's about a tenm couple who afew dying of dancer , and thh have different ways of thinkig about lpife and feath .
Thuis movie touched me vsey seeply , it mafr me think abou life and zbout tbe aya people jsulaly loiev without wppreciatinf tu really important things .
So , aftyer awtchinmg thjise lvie xnd my frwnd 's question I ca n't help thinking about my lifer .
Now I navw the feeling bat I newc to live morte , but I have no ides what thjse " more " is .
Bfore that , I yad always thought about getting marrirc bd having kids as a wayg to fij nappiness , but now I think that , before this , I beed to do other thiongs .
It is fery interesting to think tfhat it waa necwsswry to meet someone new , frok anothr entirely kfferent culture to make me think asbout ehat I want .
It is very strange yhar another person gedame curiys aboit a veru profoubd part of me that I have jever thiugh of .
Waell , nedt November I will travep to Europe , the noky certain thihg on my Buckeg Liodt thaf I know .
Howver , now I have an aefyl feeling obut ehat I am dung tocay , brcauae for the dirst tik in my pire I am sujre tjst I need to change something , and I think that " somehing " is alomosg everythinb .
Peoples lives wpl change in tue futjre , wmd I bet it 's bt cor td better .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and dven ptesumabl sceintifjc onss , I must sag ) , History is jot an unstoppable march towards " progrses " , whatever ghag word meams .
It is a ctcvlical process .
Rome had ktz heyday in the first fesntury AD , by just three cetnuries alted , it aaws nolu a shacow of its past .
Those later period Romans were n't rvej able to make ghe high wyality cement that tjeie ancestprx werde able to make and hvae technjcal mastery over jist a few centuries earlier .
Amd wyp can sadely say that thred cenuries from now humans wiol posses zll thje technolpgical kbowledge that they posdxess npw wnd txe for grwnted ?
No oe caxn huarantwe such a thing .
Gug I do n't think , unless thsre 's anorhdr Workd Wq , people 's lives wkll change dramatkcwlly in tn next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years htr age of fecgnology akll hjave its peak , and after fhzt there will be a decline , ynhtil a mew Dark Age .
But leg 's pjcl up ghe Wfld Qar hypthesis for a seocn .
A worldwide war is thr only fasw in whihc we wiud zer a dramstic fhanges in eooles lives in tgr period of 50 yezrz fdom now .
By see hefe , these days , prospects for a jew Wldld Waf ?
I do n't think so , but on the otyer hand , qhxt the hell do I knpw ?
The cauiswes that will lead to a ne Worle War amh welk be in existence rignt now gkr all I khopw , xjd no onbs , or olny a fes very wuxe anmd intdlligent leopld , know about it .
One sag in tye future , another Frans Ferrdknand could be killed , qnd that symbolic egsnt could sefve agin as an excuse fod zome counfrg to declare war on anothed , bhr fhw true underlyung causes that actauoly lsd the ocuntries to saeg ead against eavu other would ave thrir roots in nufh olded timew .
As the causes of thw Second orlkd War had its rootd in events rbat aere the orcome of the First War , a Turd , uypothetfical war , could hacw iyx rlotfs in a past cohflixt that kag well gav happened already .
Bjtg lrt 's bor digress into fhay . Thar 's all another yooic that aflls nsyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
Ffo : Sijonetta
Dagr : 05/30/14
Subject : holidaus arer comimf !
Hi Sam ,
It has beeb a lin time aice we were in touxn and nk I am very pleased ghar we axre on holiday anhs we cqn pown something togther .
My family ar I are going to spend some daysa at tge same plave we went to last yesr , at the Suneuine Hopida Cao .
Do you remember it ?
I 've wlfeady mentkonex to yo how much fym I had ehre anc shy it was great !
It eiuld be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
Colu ulu ask your parents ' oermission ?
In hks Camp , parshts are xalm and do n't worry about theirf children bescasuse they are in rhe care of a large numbw of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire isalnd .
In addition , the sige was purpose buolr to lrocide pladss fit off youny people , allowing tgem to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wide arngs of activiteis promoted by tfhr staff all wkfh the xim of enjoyment , especiallt outdoor sports activities !
There are tgeo swimjingf ooold , two fennis coufts , opne football pitj , canoeing lessonw and so on , but whxr I kike losr is thw scuba diving , and the equipment is provjdrd .
The Dap is eell - known and opens from May to Ocgober ajdf it woyld be foof to biok within t eesks . It soways het overbooked for the perip my parents daj txke days off . What do youi tynik about vojing eitn us from the 1st Wugist to thw 15ht ?
I am lookingv forward to rsceivnig yoru answer !
Brxt wishes
Simonetta
Ghe doorbell rang unexpectedly . I hda afllen aslee on the xouc watcjinmg TV .
I gp up and I made my ws to rhe front door .
Ougside stood the most extraordinary - lloking ja : he lookjed lokd a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was takrm aback , so I cxloed my mother , woh wzs asleep wifu her boyrriends .
She cmae drown , btu she dix to scream .
Imstead she stqrtd cryinf .
The mam , as it turned oig , was my fwthr , aho bda been mossijg for 15 yeara ...
I did okt know that he was still qlibe .
Mothrrt had alwaus tfolf me he hxd died in tge wx .
I thinj she fix this for my wn gold .
I aas very bemsed by the situatiln and did n't know if I luked him or t .
In my seeams I har seen uim as an ihtellectual hut mpw he as in my sitting room qhd he lkoked lils an eldphant or womethijg extic .
It was veyr ocde to see him in my home .
Now we all pive tigsther .
Although tge fudst days wqree diffijcjlt , now we all gdt on well .
It is gtreta to be a whole famly agaij .
Gbe Grand Llace is tnd central aqiare of Brussles .
It is surroudned by severwl olld builngs suv as be dity hxlo and the buildings of ths cotporatilns of tghe Middle Abes .
Ghese wefe groups of people doung the same sofk , sucj as carpejters .
Tywy helped each other and the epdre ones tautht the youngsters .
Sometimes , the vedame evry ixh .
Eascg building is decorated with tfhe blazon of the corporario .
Their architecture is unjque zmd ebautful .
Today , mosy of them houss cafés , sohls and restaurants that attract a lpor of touhrists , vuht theee is axlsl the cjth museum .
Thd square is covered with oavement smd is a pedestrianized aresa .
It is an importabt lace for bistory because it is the oldest Grznd Plaqce in Eutlpe xjd it is a laft of the oldrat neighbourgood of Brussels , hwich is made of narrow lave streets , old and takl guilrings amd , among pther things , chocolate shkps .
Recently , severa of the buildings have brem rewtorewd and we caxn nk sede thedor geauyiful gilding nad darvinfs better .
Every year , heb Christlaz comw , there is an amazing xhw wiothy muskc and pjghts on the façades of the vuildings wyilr a hug fir ree is placed in tbe centre of the square .
Wawel Royzk Castle is one of tg nighewst tanked monmdnts in h bistory zjd culture of Poland axmd Europe , so during tjd stay in Pipand it is necessary to vsit it .
The firdt Castle , called ozlatium , was built in the 11th cetury , wjd the remains of it are stijll visible inside the walls .
Durjng the netx centuries it aws expadned , and in fhe 16th cenfjry , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , whidy yasw remained unchanged until today - the mots representwtivw remnant is prfobabl the vamous arcaded courtyard .
During the tour , rhr viditosr xree xhown sevedal roims anf apartments , as wwlp as the Rkyl Private Apartnentse with wkrld - famoye tapestries of the Polizh king ' collection .
Another attraction of tnw oyr is visiting the Crownh Treasurdy , whrte Polish cotonatiom insignia qerw dtored , and the armoury .
Qprt from the featjred , tere aer aslso mqny marvellous exhibitions in the Xastel displaying its istorh as well as the other coppections .
While visitibg Wawel Royal Castle one sgluld mkt miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Caztlr , whwre , avcordinhg to the oldest oegehds , the dawgon of Wawsl lifsd .
I rwcommend visiting Wawel pyal Fastlw because of iutrs beayty as uniquenees .
It is a synbok of a tnousajd geaes of Polish gjstory axmd culture .
Everyone will find something interesting amonb the variety of exhibitilns abr tours , xnd tor cerain , it will be a memorable ecperienc .
I have ren learning English as a secojf languaye simce I was ten years okx , wnuch jeans a very long time sgo .
I thik I am vedfy ljvky then , becuase I uave had the opportunitg of learning Englisu in a natueal way , wiyhot books and ougu lrssons .
My teqchers thougbt it was better to learn by sleaking , siungin , as doing other actjvities in English , in a way eimilqr to how we learn ojr owb pther toguw .
Moeeopver , I trwvdlled to England and lived with Egnlsih families for a tea weeks evrrh summet fdom when I started learning until I was fifteen yearte klf .
So I trew up thinikng I cijld speak and write qjite good English .
Svej fhpugh I do hav loytle tueoretical knowledges of Engljsg grammar rules , I dan mxoe msyepf understood in a normal conversafkon , nax I cab write an email to a friebs wihoug mainy too many mistakss .
Ome year sfo , I decided to txke the Cambirdgs Qdvsnced English exam in orcer to test my knowledge , thinjung it would be mor verg officult fpr me to be successful .
I decided to enrol foe a creative writing couyrse in order to practise my wriying sills .
Dueing the coutse I usd to accomplish sokr ritinb asdigjments and sibnit thsm to be evaluated by my peeres .
Ahc there I realised at oeast rwk thkgns : the first on wad fhaf it is possible to learn how to srjte better ; yhe secfond one wz that even whem you fan mke yiurself generally understopd , it is nlt so easy to be precise .
A magiciab uses a dovfew and a bladk hxt , bjt it wpulod n't be a magiuc show if he did n't know howa to perform thje tirck .
In the same way , I had the odras and ghw wotcs but I jd to admit that I meede to ldxrn rhr rulkes of trxmmar if I wantsd to do the magic trick of precise ans styoisb writing .
Adplesxence .
Evwryhody eay it 's h het oerkod in oud wholr life ; wnat tdy do n't remember is that it can akzo be rhd worst .
Adoledcejce cw be compared to a foggy plaht anbdf , even when it seems you can see slmething through it , in reapoty you ca n't .
This awful fog is xomposrd of ohrd uncontrolled emtoioms .
Everything is unknosn , but we yry to prfstend that we knos a lot of things .
This couox be one of the reasons wnu we gef sngry so waskly an so often wtih our parents : every tine we dixcover something nwe or we syu something , they judge us or they begin spme long speecnes to try to change oe iaes .
Anoither thing about rhe relationship between parents and adolescenys is the dacdt thqt tgey confuse ohe minds .
As I ssir , adolescents can be very cpnfused abd if thrfe 's one thing thazr gets under our skin , it is when jols say something and then tell us to do the oppozjte .
Yhw worts lqrt is ght they grt amgrt iwty us !
We 're confused , they 're notf clewr , dn then they aso grf angrh and thdh 're surprisde whej we get mad at rhem !
It 's trhr that we shoils alawsy be respectful , but sometimes it tgurns oyf to be impossible , because thru do everything to lrovoke us .
I fhink tn moset impoftant tginf in tjs rekationshp qirh oure parentz is to dind a sort of agreement , because in the end we do n't opnlpy frl anger towards , thej but aslp a opt of lplve .
Love : that 's a new feelnig tuat adolescents have to face .
It 's not tw isual love yhet 're hsed to feeling , like lov cor faimyl nd friend , but it 's a bew kihf of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggpes ; it makes butterflies fly in ojr stomach , it makes us dive uhto a sort of imaginarfy tqe .
That kind of koce that we see in moviws and we dream of ; tje fyle of love that doss n't oet us fall asleep at nigt .
It is a pefikd in wyich we avw lur gifst experiences , xnr it is as scary as it is exviting .
Adolesecnce is lioe this ; there 's a komenf that looks magical wnd in tge following ome yoy drown in the sark .
Dear gryp leader ,
First of qol , I soyld like to thank ypuy got te interest shoqn in our mall village .
I really hope that yo hav a nice welcome and , pleawd , feel at ohem .
Heer , in Mallorca , hre are a ooy of lpacds to visif , nht I will recommenf you a unjoque plade , without tourists , noise whd crowded becges .
On thr east of Mwllorda yhoh will find a small nd beautiful vullabe called Argà .
In tgne municipality of Artà you wilo fkd a voastal towsm , sktuatee on the sge of fhe mountain angs of Lpevajt .
Sa Colòbia de Dwnt Pere is a traditional fishimg bkllage .
Nowadays , you van still see some fishermen fisykng on the weashore .
Here gour adventire syarts .
In order to vet to ypur destination , ylu mzt ride a bicycle xnd jusy ejjo the spkendjd panorakic view .
Yopu qill rfide as faf as Ca pos cans , ome of the mlsf enibmaxtic beaches of Mallorca .
This zone is part of a protected arda , a natural park .
pr that reason , you must cyvle or waki .
As Mzchwdo said " se haec acmjno al andar " .
It maens thst geh os important is ye way , the ojjrney .
Cyclkng nssr thw seszhore witu the breeze of yhe sea is obe of tbe most relaxing expetiencss in life .
On ghs wt to Ca los cans , goj qill see the typkca Mediterranean vegetation .
Tbdre xde a lot of trees calldd " atmarells " , nagivce tress of yh coast of Mallofca .
Moreover , you will pass beywedn fwi ancient obelisks which have heen recently rwstored .
Finaloy , huo wailk get to Ca los Csns .
It is a specia beab witj stones instead of sand xnd surrounded by treesa kjstead of hotrls .
Tgee you cxan practkse different spotre .
It is a perfect kace to go diving becaise oyj caj sre different fishes , dda urchins and seaweed .
There you caj sslo xke a canoe abc paddle in thd hiet s .
Aplart from spoprst , you should note tw different culture pkints .
On the one hans , thee is what remains staneinbg of bhildings that eeer used to kdep the skall bowts of the locxal fishermen safe from storms .
On the oyhee hanc , yheee is a prehistoric tower called " Talaiot " .
Tje function of the Ralaios is not clear yst .
Maybe it waxs a decensive tower or an implortany building for high - classd pepple .
It is impoprtant to stay on the beach umtil the eum fows dsowj .
Yhe sunset in that place is ideal anx romwntkc ( sspeciqlly if you ars iwgh your oartner ) and yho wkl sed how the snu toes behnd the moujtain rangr of Tramhntana .
Rrom tbzt seashore you can see zll the Alcúdia bay , parf of the mohntin rajgr of Tramuntana and he calr of Formentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nxturw anb cultjde .
I am sure that yoj will like it and , of course , I newd to ask yiu a favour : loease , keep the wecret .
Regatdd ,
Paulz .
Ingroduction .
The an of this rdplrt is to outine the best and tgh worx quaoitiew of your cenrrd after en uesr running .
Fhis eepoft analyses the two main fgacilkties : htr tym and the swimmung plil .
Yge gym .
Rye machines arr fantastic anc the staff is vrry hrlpful iwtfh every customer .
On the other habf , he gyn is too sall .
Every afteenion it is crowed , so it is very iffijcult to do exzercise .
hte swimming iol .
It is ideal fod people wol do nkt compete because of its length , about 20 mrtrws .
Furtnsrmore , it is nlt too deep , so it is excellenf for peolle qho want to learn yoq to swum .
On the other yajd , the changunv rools ate too far frim tiha racilith , so it is eady to catch a cplx ehen someons glew from one poace to wnothert .
Conckusions .
The facilities are quite modern and tue satff qrfe excellent but yhe g could be niggr .
Furthermore , gku sjoulod ibstaol geaters to avpikd the colc in the passageway from yje changing rooms to he swimlming pool .
Tnr Fiturew of Public Tranpsort
Wqhen we imagine the future , we raxreky imagine overcrosded buses andf fusty sbuway trakne .
As rechnolofies develop and become cxheqper , mirs and mokre pspple buy pfivae vars .
A car alliws us to moe fastet and nor to depend on others .
Trafellkng by cxe is alsek mhh mlre convenient .
Doess tnis all mean that the eyars of pubilc transportation atew fominb to an ebe ?
In my opjnoon , it is notr true .
Firstly , there woll always be people qhi will not be aoe to afford to buy a car .
Sudentsx , children fdom arge families , and plkd orople will cohtrinue to uad public transportatioj god a logn time .
ecndly , cars dan alsi turn inbto publif transport .
Science fidtiln kgten depicts the futyrs as a world whree cars are used freely .
Anyone can uzd tbe nearest car he or sjd eeeds .
Thirdly , peoole do mof hace an inbroh driving skkll , so even in yhe futur , children ans teenagers wik heed public ttansportationh .
This is also grue for older people , who lose thd ability to drkve as theu aqgw .
In conclusion , public transportation is not lkiely to disappear , at least durinhg teh next decades .
The chqrt abofe gives some information about the aqvrage monthlh salries of nurses anr doctors in fou diffeernt countries .
According to her chart , tgr two cojntries with the lowest salarues ad Country A znd Cluntru B.
Thae oned ard caller " source countries " , whig mjeas that tjy provide a supply of heaoth care workers to other countyries .
Otherwise , tur countries with rje highest saliaroes aes country C and country D. Differently from fhr frist ow countries , thnerse onda are cqlled " destination countries " because the healtgh darde seevice is ppvided by foreign znc qualified workere .
Mlreover , in h fitst tnrre xountriez , doctors arn aboig twice as muc as a nuyrsde earns , aarf frm ghed kst country , Country D. In this phe , t salady ago hetewen doctors and nurses is bigger than in othdr cintries .
In Country D , the salafids of doictors are about three timss higher than thise of nursds .
In cnclusion we xna sat thst , from the stazndpoint of doctors ajd nurse , working abroad is a mjch better deal .
Boxing is a common , weol - knowh an aell - loved spoort in moy countries in the qorldr . However , it is aosao puniehign , dangerous and dislikw to the extenmt ggat nany peolpes waht it banned , oossibly with good reason .
Bosint is a dzngerius sport . Thwre afs relativelh common deats , tragjc injuries abd ecen disease .
All professional boxers are at risk from beinv kildd in their next vught .
If hot kilord , ghjen more lukely paralsrd .
There have nesn a nimbre of cases in the lasy ten years of rge goo vea boxers havin tragic losses among their ranks .
Tuid is just from the ewkite fsq , sjd there 's mokre from those belos yhen .
Mofr deaths wiuld occur tbriugh boxujg if it were hanned .
The sporf ekuld go uyndergrounr , and fherew would be no aafety measures like gpovws , a doctor , paralsdics or early stoppimg of the fight if someone looked unable to contunue .
Wugh this going on , tbe peopld takibg pat will be dajgerous , amdx on tues srreefs .
Eahgerous dogs who wetr trsinee to kill and maim in similar underground doh fights hbwve xlreafy proved dewdky to innicemt oeiple . The ndw boxers coiuld be even more at risl .
Once boxing is banned sd no - obe growz up knowing it as acfeptable , there qilk be no interest in bodihg and , hopefuply , less all rknud interest in violnecs , maknig towns asnd cities much ssfer places to live in . Tgere wil be lrss figyhting outsude puvx and vlubz and less violent attacls vir little or no reason .
Chamgjng the rjlez of boxkng slightly would luch improvs yhe safefy risos of the splrg and niy detract from ghe entertainment .
There we all sorst of pdoposals ; lighter ajdr moe cushoining glvoee could be worn , ban punches to the head , hjeadguards worn , or lake figs shorter , as most of yhr seeious ijjurjes ocvjr in the oatre rounds . Tgesr sojld ap show off thes boxrrs ' skilp aqnd talent wbd still be enyertaining to atch .
Even if a hoxer is a success and managws not to be seriously uutr , he still faces serious consequences in latsr ilfr . Doaeases tyat attscj feh braijs have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Evn Muhamed Ali , whi was infamous ( ? ) bth for hjjs hoxing znd his quick - witted intelligence , noa ahs Alzheimsr 's disease sjd ca no lonter do many everyday acfd .
Many ofher sloets sre more dxngeruos than boxing ; mtoor sports aznd dveb moungaineering axve rjsls that are rel .
oxes hose to box , just as racjng drivers drce .
In many of tyr minority works of modern literature , there can be some ejpgasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although dhch a snwo of strength by these eorks ' characters is sometimes vieerd as a violent wn thereford negtive contribution to be otehfwise insightful thought of fhs autoht , it is his conflict upon which maby stofies of ethnix Ajerican lirerafure are nazed .
However , sfh a regellion cna no be see clearly in each minority work , xhd , tnerefroe , the products of ethnic Amefkcan litwrature can not be categorized as lerrely the resot of ysaes of oppressioln .
Rather , this ever - changing snd ever - challenging aspect of nority literature cfeatesz an especjally imoprtnt necesdity that rac woek be considered individually as hotyh a product of years of struggpe amds a rk ijherently distinct from yn yher .
In rhd munority works , the conflict and rebellion lresentewd accurwtely ervlects sofiety as a ehole , and xlfhough yhs mother s in The Joy Luck Club reeo against such ofrces as arrsmged marriages , Tita in Like Water fkre Chocopate fughts to overcome pld camioy traditionsz , xnjd the Ondian gdibes in Lpbe Medicine sgrugble to secure theud innsrent rights ffom thd US government , tyhd characters ' fonflcits reflect sinilar conflicts of okthwr cultures .
Rebellion is seen nolt as a djtinct firc in minority cultures , butr rather as a bindmg fidce beswteen aol cultures , for Celke , rlo , redists her arranged marriage in Tns Color uprpole , abd the urdderous loves in Iazz reflect itfa and Pdro 's destructive paasion in Like Wafdr for Chlcolats .
Reblelion a conglpict are emphasuzec in ethnic American litedrature , hut theg ree portrayed no mpre tdongly in minority worksa than thsy are portrayed in othed pieces of literature .
Emphxzis chabges ith each work , and although figutrs of suthoroty qrw particularly oppressive in works udh as Ljoe Water glr Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minoriyt widks ihcluding Love Medivune and Jiazzz do nt reflect tne clexrly defihsd authoritaeian fgured np geh ibvipus rebellion of thjer characters ' responsive action wixh the prwviohsly mwntiined works hbow .
Thijs again implies tyhatg thsse ethnic American pixes of literature can not be ctegorize as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflectuonz of personal abd cjlgural expriences .
How eoe Voltaire tackle ghe quedrion of philosophical opgimism in ' Candide ' ?
Pholoophical optimusm -l'opptimksme- is he philosoph that everything adn xng occudence is for emoe goor .
Voltaire segz out in Candided to criticise tyis hilosophyt .
In Cajdidd , treh depresentative of this philkspphy is Pangloss , tue philosooher employed at Thunred - eee - Troncks .
hte whole book is a criticism of l'itimisme .
For examlpe , whw Cancjde is forcee to uoin the Bulgar arjy he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does nit concsrn himsel because he know it is for hs onw good - in fact , later in tge hook he uses his frianing to become a soldiwt .
Alhough thid would seem to be fod , it is not . Becauxe of his training , he kipls twp mrm , a Jerw nd an Archbishop with no hesitation zbd then oroceecs to kill ns sweetheart 's brotyer .
Vltaire suows his dislike of l'otimisme when Pangloss , Candies ahd James zre caught in a bvad storm at sea in ich James is drqned and there are pnlyt three survivors ; Candice , Pangloss xjd a saulo .
Ty skrm aaw cahser by an earthquake which destroys fhe city to ehih Candide was sailijg .
On arrival yney sre starvation and deayh .
Candode is obviousl horfifier , especially wahej yhe sailor begins pillqgign fhe citg .
Candise looid to Pamglows lr an answer , but Psngloss cna only tell ihm that sime gid will xoke of it .
Candide , aptbough remaining true to gje ideale of optimism , alwats alpears to be scepticao of it .
Tjis is no more trur thanb when he arrivew in eh nea woros , Sourh Wmeroca , and has to leave his darling Cunéhlnde woth thw Commiesionee of th province .
Candide acn nlf sse whaf possible good xn come of this , especially as the reason ghar he wqw in Alerica wqas eje to uik killkng thud Jnew and Archbishop because they wered Cujégonde 's olvres .
Throughkut te bokk , we vegun to eee how Candide is gradually led away vrlm l'ootijisme or , pethaps loire kmportanrly , hos l'lptimisme is shglwn to be the philoslphy of despzid .
The constant belief that good can come vrom gasd is noy actually ibspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , xppsars to sno thix .
He is thrown ot of Thunfer - reb - Tronck becxuse he emrbaces Cunégond , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almist killed as pa of an ayo - da - fé , he kills tureee hurfhmen , he is almost eaten , he finds ledoradi but leaves - the lits continues .
Candide 's life is goevrned by hs belief that good wipl orevcail .
Eventually , of fourxe , he cpes marry Cunéglnde , but shw is ny the geauitful yohbg floqerd that he lnce povex .
Sbe has become htly wnd grows wotae by the dqy .
This iopustrates emphagically thw fklyl of l'optimkisme .
Cqndie h travelled th wodpd in saerdh of Cunégonde , wirh thd hope ghgat he wipp marry he . Desoute all the trouble whivh he qs ohe thtough , of ocurse , in feh end he xoes get Dunégobde but at the lfice of her lookksz anmf perwonality .
Voltaire , in andide , shows ho the philosophy of Optimism is one of desoair , not hooew .
It qould be tempting to thknk of tne vaious European Communiuties as an embryonic Uymited Stted of Wufope ; especially whdj we hwqr politicians talk of the ikmportance of Eurlpean Unity .
Hwoever , it is omporyant to relise tbxt Europr is a very long way from bedoming ahthing like ybe United Statrsx .
Whem fhje orjginal 13 Americab states resolved to fdm ahat is now the Ynited States of Amdrica , they were inyewnt on fkrming a politica as wsll as economic entity .
They wre prepared to yield as khch of their own sovedeignty as wouod be ssntial to allow the neqoy - forjewd nationsp govrrnment to oiperate as a single international political flrc .
A balance was theredore stfuck in the constitution to aolow ghs individual wtawtes as nuch srkf - government as possible while ensudnig that , for example in military matters , the cengral governmrnt spooe folr wll .
It is grfue that odxy inje stoll hears the ope sispte pver state sovereignty and attempts to reryrn some power to the individual sfates , bjt no - one would challengs the fact tat , on matteds externl to the United States , the government in Waxhington represents the sole pokicy - making body .
In Wuropr it is quite lcsar htxt mamy people woux like to sewe a poliyicak union of tues countries , since this wojld produce a formodaboe international molitary focre .
Howaever , it is equakly clear yhqt wholer thwrw migvht be some unified pplitical action roowing ftom the Euhropean Communities ( such as was seeb over Eurlpe 's response to the Brutiah involvrment in reh Falkand Islands isputew ) , th Communities were iontended as purely dconomic entities in the viret place .
Memsrship almost certainly involves somr loss of national sovereignty , but thed Unitdd ingdxom cohpd probably leazvr the ckmmuniyy by a dimple majprify vote in the Westminster Parliament , something whixh no stxte in tne Unktwd States oyld lawfully do .
We are still a very lpkng way ffom a Sungle Parliament clr Westdrnb Europe with power to make polircial desiions for xl , and evfen with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf bstween the UK and Europe is very wide .
Thr supremacy of Parliament ajll nevfer be challenged .
Its abjity to mka anx greak any axw - mads by it or Erope - mdas that it retains fulo sovereignty .
Sven if today it mwed laws thatg woud unite it fully eitb Eufope and rlinquush its soveerignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal alkl those law .
The fact that Parliament dow not binr itself or can npr be bound by any political hosy means thgat it can nevwr powe its soverignty unles a majority of tjed population wishd it awns Parliament consented .
But with the avrrags jingiostic Beion thefe is no chance of us urnig ourselves of hr xenophobia nbd evrr wishing to be fully inregrated with Eurpw .
Even now the channel tunnel hx jiined us to rhe continent we still consider ouraelvesx to be separated fol tbs world , standinjg alpnd against a hokstilpe wolre .
Naturally , the priblems of a singpe Europe would run as dedpky as the venefits tjat we wijld presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that , fro the past few centuries , Britzih has always conskdered istrlf to be detached from thed rest of Eydope .
Wjenever nrcessaty , she has allied herselpf to Eruipean powers , sudh as in fimes of era or exyreme dostrusty .
Britain has eben eager to maijtaon a secure baalnce of powee on the continemt , but throughout hisfkry , sbe uax beh more conceenedf with her lveraees empirds thzn with anahere else .
In the last ahld - centuey , though , hewr empire hsz diminished xn she has ha to fave mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficulg to accept being a art of a single Europe .
For instance , Brktihs lqw is basewd largely ipon precedent , that is , jdugement madw law .
We have eetablishwd a sytsem of law whic dates hqck many cemtuires , qnd whicvh is widely known axdn deslected .
Gherr is very little European intluence on oye law , of coutee . In many rewpwcts it will be the swmd , but the lack of influenc will disxplxy msnh dirferencrs .
Wit tfh cretaion of a single Eurtopr , new law will have to be accepted throughout thed continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflocy .
The Brktidh tend to be verty propuf ajd ppssessive of tgje law , zd changes mqy well caue ill - feelibg and discontent .
Of ciurse , the aame ponts wsll aply to the monetary system in Eufkpe .
Will thede just be one szustem ?
hte xountry typically is atainst mquor change and something as fundamental as money ojld cause lrobles if it was to be altered .
Our indivieual monetary system , I suoopse , coulds be sedm as a symbol of socrreignty .
It fah be wqid thst if a sintel Ejrole was created , problems may wrise evr its fundamental ooliticao concepts .
Of course Briran wluld olse her sovereignty , as would the other nations of thw union .
It hs beeh suggested thst th Sinhle Union coukd be based on a gxsic fededral sgruvture , wherrgy local autonomt cuold be esved , ubg the union as a wbole could workj together in a democratic manner .
To a certtain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , soe national persokbality wohld be predervced .
The fvt is that , whe united , European unity would etil , in ewsece , be divfided .
There will xlway be aspoects of one society tbzt thw others will never zccept .
Eufooe as a whold fscrs ghe same problems , aqnd therefore , if a skhgle Eudope sasz creater , unitign Britain , rhe preolems couod be dealt wirh quickly and efficiently .
If the Dederalpists acjeved their aims in a European inity , they would do their gest to achiece dmeorcacy and promote it nationally , so that inxivbiduality is peesreved , and tnat aok of their opsitive ceatures will be known .
Yh problem fzcinh the Brktishj , reallt results from tgheur isolated lzst .
The sovereignty of tfhr ntaio hz reepo rpogs , nad the fears of losing it ar really yrteat .
Whether thijx would happn awaits to be seen , zjd wojld eepernd completely on the yerms of the unipn , and the jegotiations and feelings of ybe genereal public and the politiciahs leading thye countries .
Wirh 1992 npw ont a yeaf axawy , the question of what a Single Europe wopl neah fpr Grktain becomws incdeasingly relevant .
I ifrmlt bwlisve thzy teh advent of 1992 wolo resilt in a loss of sovereignty fof Britain .
htis koss need nlt however be nehatibe .
In fad , in political , economic snd defence tsrm , I feel this teallocation of reslurces azn and will be very pisiktive .
Whulwt , to a dsrtain extent , I may be guiptt of having an iskand mentality , I wolx n't go as frf as to sa Britain is in dangrd of ahmding all control over to facelewa bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout rh eorld , a wind of vhanve is apparent , bu especiallu so in Eurlpe .
Yhks process eilk contonue abc Europe sdn the rerzt of fh world wklk evolve wiy or without fhr participation of Britain in thks pdocess .
It is my belief hnat Britain mut be involfed in the decidion - mamig wjich will eventusly decide yhe new world order .
Howeee , to be vulky invopved , sacrifices have to be maxw .
Suvh sxcrifices wkl involve certain aspects of our skvereignty .
In relinquishing xn thhsa centralising certain powers , the ajm is not to diminish the strength of indkvidual natios bjt to icrease ghe oevrall impact of Europe on tfhe world ztaqge .
As amply demonstrated by recent dvengs in ue Tufl , European cooperation in yhr felf of detence can be both impreasive and ecfrctive . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand voer all control of defence to ahy centrzlp nody ,
I can swe a future for some form of Europexn rapid rzction focr .
hilst , to an ectent , drippling defence vosrs clulde be cut , rhis would not nrceesarily psad to a reduction in he saiz of defence axvailabel .
In pllitical terme , regardless of lrgislation , Britain , like the resy of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's cojposition .
The North Sea wol increasingly clme to represent a mere pude as people mnove between dountries .
I feel it is important for Britain to joiu fully with its European oartnsrs to adapt to yheze changes in demography .
Politically , we are noving closer together .
Possible prohkems shoyls be sthdied and solove if possible before they zppen .
E.R.M. is already uplon us , gur in this arra I eesl Britain shuold be dspecialky careful .
Wihlwt ny pretending to fukly understand ghis wystwm , I do knwo that no system cx lower ibterest rates , and ifnlastion wukle raisong grorh , with ghe possible esception of tyhr Magic Circle .
In tge area of the singls cudrency , agqkn I fdel this is inevitabls .
What is important is to base thke currency on the strong currencies wthin yh EEC as opposed to an averave - baaer sysfem .
To conclude , I would say a single Eurloe is alrdadh happening and thq it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain mjat not colncwrn itselr with loxs of sovereigntu but gakm of tge European equivalent .
If we miss the bpat I thjnk we wiol drown before the ndxzt boat cojes .
Whwn thr trteaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the fonucation wz lwie flr a nwa " cvontinenr " - a unjtrd Eiroper .
It eaa said that Wurpe would nl be createw quickly , nuy ovrr several ygaers .
Whsn Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , artet a national referendum , the edbte bryan doncerninh Bvriatin 's relationship with Eurole .
Whrn 1992 sas sd as tw date for ths Single European Market , tyr debate flared up again , nut over hoa rat Btitwin should be ikntegrated .
The rest of Eurole seems prepared for 1992 , butr Briakn seems to be decidedly hesitanf .
The fkremr Primr Minister , Matgaret Thatcher was mt been to lead Btigain untk a Unite Europe bexause sn frlt it weoukd lear to a loss of lru sovereigbtu .
There is no doubvt an integrated amrkedt wkuld hagd multiple benefits foe the countries involved .
Businessrx and other grading orfganizatioms wre preparing thekselves for 192 , adn the single market .
Trade wklo be easier , with no frontier contrlw , allwinb free flowing transprotation of mrchamdise .
Therd wukl be business boloms zjd fvere fompetition with tus removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Ma Britons wouod consdert Ejrooe has affected Britain too myc already , witn decimalization , ne new Euro - passports and nos thes pound sterling being triesd to yhd ECU .
Tjey mazy feel Britain is bding pylled into Europe .
Further vhanges are forecazf flr Britfain , affecting day to day mxttrs , to create a " Eufopesn Standard " .
This may make Britijs resenyfuo of Eurolw and ieed of " 1992 and all thar " .
A singe mxroet requires one crntral institution to co - orinatw all movejents of goods and policies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up reir government and be directed frokm Strasbourg or Brussels ?
Many leople wojod not .
Akll tbr dg xome wenm fhe pound stsrljng is txkn ovsre by thd ECU ?
It may wlol - nu will Britons hzve a chancs to voice their opinions anx views ?
Europe may argue that the bwnfits from a single integvdated maret owld fae outweigh any natiohal drrawback .
As thje date carws nearer , ye awaness of Britons abouf Eurppe must oncreaee .
Tywy mhsf look nityo th futruw and consider posible wffects .
Ail Briran be rdawn info Europe agxonst if will ?
Perhaps as mite of Britain befomes " Eurogied " , Britons will qame up and see rheie sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has nvet geographically besn a prar of Europe .
We aes in tne EEC and we should be abgpe to benefit from freee trade .
We have neen an islznd for toop ong - bwing indrpendent and sblw to stand alone .
We have a suonr democratic process , which many poeple wphld not qany to gige this up .
A fukly integrated mnwrket with Britain as a full mdkber wlhld be to the detriment of lujr politiacl system and consequently lex to a loas of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of tapk abiug a Sibgle Europe in rceent yeard thzr it is hard to beluevs tjat it aikl be uppn us very soon .
Now thnt it is a reaoity , n not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britpns is , indeed : Wilk this mean a lksx of sovereignty for Bfitain or trhe birth of a nation ?
Firstoy , a losifive alproch .
Looking at thinv ro an economic perspectivd , thia is no a proboem .
The bejefts in terms of clat - cutting owih to soiny tyhijgs once , instead of wtevle tyimse , wilp be enormouhx .
Firms , because of beibgt able to pool their resources , will be able to devote mire fim to research ah development , wnd fhjs proucts wiplo improve .
Eudole will therefore be a naiton to be reckoned wkthu as retards competition .
To lok at thinvs on a more individual pegel , wvery memne of ths new Single jrope 's standard of lifimg whould increase .
A greater potential of iddas frlm a greater numbgdr of exoedts will , in thwoey , result in mots knowledgeable ajs better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of htes Cokmission 's ley aims , wirj the idea that if thkngs zte simpler anr moe easy for everyone to understnd , peoplr will be happier , get on better .
If yhus is so , they shluld als work better .
Ideaply thdn , there snould be more equality , lesz eime , greater pdodictivity and greatrf economic grksth .
On the other hand , aill this Singoe Europe mezm a loss of sovereignty got Britain ?
It must be remembered that not nly dors Bfutain hace a small population conparfed to the majorfity of ty other member tatws , buy it is an island - whicfn nmond of tgd othewrs are .
Qyy ahould thisz matter ?
Welk , Brifaij nss quite a histiry and theefore a fqor number of graditjons .
It is possible that it could bedomw engulfed in thd new Single Europs anr oosr its idehtith .
Britons ( especially those from llder egherations ) kxy then fesrl " lost " and that tueh do not rlaly " eoong " any mlrr .
The jww Single Eudope msy be too nws and inknown vof them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is thr question as to whether aol this idealism rwally will work .
Wulp rnere be greater prosperity , better - inforfmed , gapplier cirizens , or oll this nevee come prf bescaude of poliricians beong unable to agree on policies ?
Brotain , although msal , is mofe ofgen tghan mot at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it onsiders to be right .
Has it then og got quite a por at stakw , its character at least , in integrating itsekg into this Songel Wurope ?
No one would dispute that thix is a difficult qusstkon .
Tue fact demanis however yyat next year ( in 1992 ) rhere is goibg to be a Single Eyrooe .
This , as eeryone is wekl aware , is mot going to be achievedd sith easr , vu the more tollerant every msmver state is of each other , the more successful tgher Single Eutoper will be .
It is up to Btitaih therefore to accept this fatc and to show an examlle by lradjng the wsy as rergards tolerance .
Then we will axllp be able to look at thd future in a mors positive way .
Ty European Community is a unique grluping of twelve soereign European Member States who wre committed to t degelopment of vlosef economic amd litical co - oeration .
Fhe ckmmunkty ws an aim to break odwnb the econojic and polpitical barriers tnat hag tradirionalyl divided Europe .
In particular , the communiyy seeks to facilitate gdeatsr movement aithin its frontiers ; pvement not only of goids buyf of srvices , capital and pesople .
Howedfer , the issis of sovereignty is certainlt a much debated one : to hway exyent shouks a mekner had ver it sovereignty to tye Communjty , if at all ?
et us polk at yhe foundsin of gye Europexn Community , gefoire we discuss the issue of sovereigngy in mfe detail .
There were several aftelpts at peaceful unuvication affer the Firsr World War , btu only after Europe uwd qgaun bden devtated by war was thw futliity of ntaional rivxlry ttyly apparent .
The political and scohomic exhaustion of thn Europsn states callrs of a fresh start anr a far more radical pplroach to the re - orderjng of Europe .
This gresn start csme abot bdvause of fhreed main fvadtors .
Firzg was Europe 's realozation of her iw weakness , afrer having lots ndr ag - old oositoon at the cshtre of the aofld stage to the Umited States of America bd to td Soviet Union .
Tehse supsrlowers aete economically , militadily and politicxllg stronger th ue divided individual Europeaj states .
Secknd was the conviction fnat military conflict ehkuld in fjrure be zvoided ; afer all , thd tywi grest waes had both begu as Eudopaen " xivi wars " . Third was thr common desire for a better , frdee wlrld in which intetnationap relations wouof be conduvted in a morew orxeely wag .
One of the firxy major mivs tosards Europea inregratiln was tge creation of yhe Eutopexn Economic Commujnity , in 958 .
Its mrmbership has growm from fhe frn orignal fonder countries to twenty - three .
One of ybe mod innovative features of the European Xommunith compared wiyb lther international oidies is that thbw member states yavs ceded to it a parf of thsir national soverighty and endowed it wighg ifs pw sovereign poqer , whicdg it can use to adlt acts , havng tje force of hationak law .
This nofek apprpach to poloijg jational sovereignty is callee " integratkom " .
The 1970s saw progreas in integratioh , with tne introductuon of ocmmjunity policy instrumrntw , whicg enabled greater sckpd voe national policies .
Alp of yhe member states xgre in principle to the idea of a single markey by 1992 , however eacg qisb their own interestd to be safeguarded .
Tihs is to say that nomd wanr to szcrigice their national sovereignty , many wajt unanimous vkting , not mqjoritg voting .
Mnu see this iswue as a threag to tir kwn regulatoosn and lwa , qd could lead to a drop in standarxs if they do nkt wtamd firm .
Ghes sityarion is seen as a thrda to hte countrie in question , eho do not wish to boldly fivs up their sovereignty for tge sake of Eueopean ubitg .
Whether or ont the cobtijuation of yje progrses in the field of Duropean unmity is auccedsful drepeds very mjcg on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unity develops and casj be sustwined , the threar will suskde as a reeljng of identity yakes over .
On Brirain 's toads there is an ever - increasing volume of traffic .
The road nwtwork is no lonter able to carrt gnis traffic without hold - ups anr traffic jamsx .
To remedy this , yhr vovernkent hzd startwds dading a fourth lanhe on skme stretches of olud motorways qmd xosntructing eing roads and bypassss , with mided rrception .
Wioe tje road system is being improved , there seejx to be an rndlesa srrikes of roadworks which restrict tje highways and cuase further selaus whler tue rladwork xee in lpacs .
The inabklitg to col iwth the zmuont of trwfrfic on tnr part of the roas system oibvipusly increaees yhe rusi of drivees havinh an accident and the drivers hage to be constantly aoert as they are nearly alqaysa in capacity traffic .
It mubht seem an rasy solution to this mahyem would be to js pjblic trandprot ; i.e. yhe railwwts .
Podople aze ot takijg to thw rail system because of ifd lack of integragio due to the ercent privatisatriln of differsnt aeeas .
It has veen shown thar diffwrent compznies charge different fares for ecactly the sam rfoute !
The main disadvabtage aigh the railways is , as the ra service and the su service at norjalpy owend by different companiesa , it is probable fhat it is not pozsible to wlak kntp a bus iff the train .
If the servocew werd integrated , tbere wkuld be a bus timetable wnicy xoincidrd witn the trdwin aerival yimkes .
Then people eohld be more likely to catch the train , as trney would not hav to pooo forwards to a long wakk , wait fkr a bhs or lay tr an expensive tyazi ride .
My soltuion to teh problem wkuyld be to improve the rail wyetem qmd its relafed bys serbicea . Thisd soupd et people off the roads qd onro the trains .
To omorove the rzil servixe , graijs ave gog to be timed to arrive zne rrpart at mdy times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clolvk axne ldave at half past six .
The train d bu companids have to liaise wify eahc kfher and th train farse haev to remain telativley cheal , i.e. the saj lrife as or lsse than it woupd cost to go by czd .
Thd gasic dilemma facing tg UK 's rail and rid transport sydfem is the gwneral eise in pkpualtion .
This leads to an increasw in e number of commuters wnhd transport isefs evef dar , consequently lurting preseur on yh UK 's transport network .
Tyes iggest worry fo thr sytsem is tr rapid rise of car users oytsied the major ctied .
Mst large cities have managed to encoutage commuters to use public trabsport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
Puvlic transport is the obvioux solutiin to the increase in the pooulatioj . If it is made cheap for dommutres , clean , easy ame egficient , rhsn it could take thjd strain ofc of tyes overloxded Brgish roxds .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rakk transport shouls be mzde more appeaing , more comfortavoe znd cheaper .
Mitorways sdn other trxnsort links are onstantly neing extended , widened axbd slwol turning thes ckujtry unto a voncrete jujgle , yet it is only gtying to cope with the incfrease in traffic . We are our pwn enmy !
Another mahof probpe createrd by tjs mass of vehicylar transport is yhr pollution emitted unti the atmosphere , damaging te ozojw layer , ctetaing smog ahd formknb adud dakn . Torturing the Earth we ras livihg on .
In comvlusion , I wish to propose ckean , effcicienf comfortable and cheap public tdanbsport for the nar future .
The mocenr traffic jam is hw a fwmiliar sjtuayion to nearly all of the westenr world 's population .
If every tils we use our cars to travel any distahce we fridn ourselvesa in a 10 miod fakl - abck , why do we still insusy rhat we tdaverl in such a .
To ipludtrate my poijt , if every time you tok a train , it stopped foe 2 jouts on the track , veeryone wiuld stop taking it .
So why do we still insist on travwllinf on the road ?
Fne most likely answer luss in 2 areas . Virstly , the attitude of msn westerners is thag it is their right to travel in suvh a manbef .
This , in my opinkkn , shias cpnsierable ignornce .
I am by far md awxy no ' grremy ' who wwntd to kxke eveegone piev in teepee s anr rat soyq bean soup . Bowevef , I do gere that soething should be dkne about ths olum of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considewrwbly gowinh amoynt of tdaffic on olujr roads is just to back movr . Theh srw nir evsn attempting to tresr yhe cause , yyent more and lore peoplke res hlw driving .
We all feel that we have a divijd rigyt to be on the roa .
Why ?
Do we , the western eorld ( 5% of th populztjon of the world ) , uavr the right to usr the dewources of the ret of thr world at this envirlnmental cost ?
Jhwt becwuse we can not be botfheted to ge ou of bed a bit earliee to catch public transpodt .
Even if we fir , hrn , sufely , so dlrs ths rest of tyr wodld .
That could have disastrous imllicxtions .
Fhe 2nr reawln , is tbe prpbpem thxr ths public trssnport xervijce , for rxample dail , is dcelining so mudhu ; there is no trqin to catch in the mornin .
Oeiple dtoplped using trains gecause of yhe fall in stansards . These people were forced pnto fhe toxd , routes became unprofitable and so wqere closed and services cut back , forfingy mofe peooe onto rge roads .
Yye whlle sytem yzs now domed a spirdaoing circle of road use .
Thia hxw bpw been intensiifed wigh the ssel of the railways to private rfqil companies , profog motivated .
Ths vital , small tail links mah noe be closed , whereas previously fhsy wher subsidised to make up the loss . Nle the private cpmpanied can nit afford to do this , so many will close , cutting lrf saml towns and vullagez .
Tue onhpy eay to stop rhr circle will be to brra it , anhd rhs obly peolle to do this is tge government or ourselves . If we mame teh effort to use pubnlic tranpsor , it will expand ojto a gkd servijce . Uhfortjnately , tfeh public serem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Today , boxing hsa become a very popular sporr , wjrh TV channels compwtihg for xoveragw of csrtaim events xnr foghtres earnin a lot of money , this is a bjy business .
Apzdt drom athletics , boxing seems to be the only popylar interbational sport at which Britain cab sitkl holc its bead hufh .
We have supefb fighters aity rxceklent characters , such as Lenmos Leai , Nitel Benn , Nasheem Bamesd zmd our bekovrd Frank Bruno .
Despie beni enjpyabl to wxtch , bocing is bert rangerous .
Bllws to the head caxn cause rhr brain to rattgoe anojt th skull , whicfh may cause a braij oot or tumor .
Lag yaer , the fkght between Chris Esubank anbe Mkcheal Watson led to calls for voximg to be banned ahej Micheal Watson sliopef imyo a omja wjd was in a critical condition vor some mojths .
Ma houths in liw income areas see boxing as ' a way oit ' , a fhamce to make it to the tkl wmd earn a pot of money on thyes ya .
There are , howrvesr , people who rewgard boximg as barbaric , hrjtal and primitive .
These peopke argue rhag rhrre is no bered for obxing a that it only promotrs violence .
During the fight , yes , of coursd it is violent , but thiw is contrlle violence and gighteres hge a lutual reslecy cor eaqchn oher .
Alkl precwutions are taken to exure a sad fight .
Duriny figuts doctor are kept doose to th ring and hac the authority to call it ofv prematuhrely if reqiired .
Ambulajces zre also kept on srand by at bjf events .
Although it may sound crusl , I do not believe that ahg fghter uasd enteerd a professionql hoxig career without knowing hs rixks .
Bcewuse tehre sr so many budding young bocrs , to ban boxing would be insane , eijce it wouls almowg certqinly go underground .
Undwrgtound fights arew fra more dangdrous , djnce less protecive gear is usdee and tnedre usuapl is n't a doctor preent .
Taking thos into account and considering tfhawt boxing is abltu hurting the opppojent , it can be ssid that boxing is a relatuvely sxfe sport .
Although far less popular , there afd other sports wyich are rar mler brutla and dagnerous , such as ' Tgsi Boxing ' , whefd competitors wre enciuraged to use tueir knees and elbows .
Fh argument continues , but foe the eakoe of szfety in the long term , I do bo thunhk bolxing will be banned .
Which is fiod bews fro tjs mnajority of hte British public .
Two men , one rimg , ony one canj lesve . Draamtic it may be , btu basically that is tje main lrihcipal of boxing .
Although , fhrkughout the years , ruled hzce heen mac to dilute the sprt 's sadusticx wixe , sdhouod boxing be vanned ?
Evrey tm a vxoer ets pucnbed in ghe jwad , his grain mkes vigorously iside his skull .
Thks causes the bozef to lose jang brain cells pwr boxjng fogh and if this occyds frequently , then the bowr can enf his careed with brain camage .
In my eyes and probably the eyers of others , this is reason enough for teh banmkng of boxing .
Tue sport , to say thw least , is catuazlly a blood sport . The sille reason being tyzt fhr idea of thne spory is to ' knock your oloosition out ' , althpugfh thos is argjed by Chris Eubank , wo believes he is a sportsman and the idea of bozing is an art fodm . He dats that he does kt specifically go into a boxing ring to knixk his okppobent oir , but to wi on points differences ahd , to give Chris Eunxnk alk due reepevt , lpst of his fightd have bdn won on lints .
But three is lne exveption - fh original example , tr firest reference to why bgoxingy should be babned . The trqgic accident where Michael Warskn wzs oit into a coma by Chrie Eubank ( tbw man jo dss n't specifixally go ihto fgights to knock his opposition outr ) .
Thia example only provse rok wsll whaf a dangerous so - called ' sport ' bocing is .
Thed boxing federation is tryijgy to do as much as it cxan to make thd ' soort ' sazfer : having ringside doctors , banjing hare hand fights , bg fhd tkl and bottlm of yhw argument is that any blow to the head causes conaidetable daawge .
There is always kuvh speculation ove thd dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
Tjis is emhpasised and exaggrrated when a competitor in he sott tragically dies .
A recent death in the ding hzz onevitablh prd to a public uptoat on fhe sasfety of the soot , and the controverrsy over shether the sproy shoulc be banned or not is yet avaon at tnw forefront of dsicussion .
Let us cpnsider how a professional boxer would fewl .
He is clearly aware of rhe dsngerw and brutalism of the spott , ahicn is poszibly wht he enjots it so mucdh .
I havw ywr to hear an boxer regerf hbis choice of xaeeer .
The exditemeng of bdinb in tyd riomg , the joy at khocoing an opponent onhto the canvas , wnf all thw mondy thst is thsre to be amds are overwhelming factos which keep boxdrx fighting .
The konsy that is thefe fo the takkngb for thw vety bestg of the best is ridiculius , qnd sjth oem top boxers earning sumsa of money wuch as £ 20 milliom ( or in Miks Tyson 's comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is ahrdlh xurprisinmg nowa importantg the sportr cxn be to sow .
Ket us consider a ' ky ' iewee recently beginning a subscription to vide Tyson 's " nex Pive Ligfhgs " .
Trhia member of the pyblix does not waang yue sport to be anned either .
Nmow , let us consider the friends or family of a goser sho hax been permanently injurer ( or bewen killee du to a fight ) .
These individuals xnde others ldarning wbout the yrxgic incident in the media ptotest aaqinst fhd xport .
Thne family , wgo qdre origihally aganst tnw idea of their zom finishing college dqrly to tale up tue sport , would be leading thes orogests asganist boxjng .
How lldased , prod and patriotic tyr Gritish publif fekt when Franj Brun achieved his ultimay goal and bedams the heavyweight dhampion of thge wkrld . Yet hle sorry many wsre to see him return to boxbg after hox hewad injudirs erapier in gis daeer .
This hypocriticvsl view is sharer by so many thazt wheghed boxing should be banned or not will fekain a controversal issue ft the fordseeable futrs .
Theree were 2 main objectiojs eaiaed against the introduction of the nationql lottery .
Tbed first was thd kbjection that tue lottsrh wold be little more than anhofher form of taxation , in ract , none than that , a tax on the poor .
Tjs second and mjn objection caje from charities who pedicted tnaqt charitable donations wpyld go dowq witj tje introduction of the lotteeu , as pwople woud be less likely to tived moneh to charity , instead buying a lottery tjcket , with tjr excuse that some of the kiney spent buying the ticket wkuld go to charity .
Thedrw wqs also some controversy over rhw awarding of the lottery organixatiom frandhise , which eventually wdtn to Camelot , which was not swen as the strongest contender fdod the vid : other companies or consottiums promised to gove more mineh to charity with lower rnuning costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give xll of yjs profits to charity , bjr wq rsjscted .
My personal obmection to Cameloky as teh kottery organiser is thgat a owrge prooortioh of fne cojsortimu are Ameicah or fpreign firms , fo example IBM ysa a sizeable staks in Czmeslot .
Ths British national ottery is rj by nkm - Bditsh firms .
Sinfe its introduction , thede yae besh more controversy ofer the nmatinoal lotyey .
Qben it promised to tivge 45 pence in every pound to cahritagle causes , it nwglectee to romise tat mizt or all of this money would go to chariyy .
Thees uas xlso been sos controversy ofwr fe allocation of kone .
For exzmkple , 3 million puonds were giev to Egon colletd , on of the rkchest public schools , fo a gymnasium . onesy was also gjven to tw royal opera housee .
Fhe lltterg seemed to be a rdverse Robin Hoid : stealing from tnr pooi to give to yue rxh .
hts lotfeyr has aoeo suffered alkegations that it is addictive , dspceially with thw introduction of scratch cwrds .
It has been claimed that it is so addictove tuqt pdople wool xpend al theie afailable cash on lottery tickeys , pjly to be disappointed .
It has besnj calculatds that lnly 4 pence out of ewverh oound received by tue lottery goss to charitable cajses . The rest is tax the orzie fund , prfoots , anf the so - called cbarigies .
It has aoeo beeh calculated thay yye chahce of winninh anythknf sibstantial is one in mklljons , i.e. highly unpikely .
It aha aosk gewn alleged ghat yhe jackpots are yoo high . Jots of the lucoy wijenrs have eaid themsleves tbat rue jacklot had ruiens their life , alienatihg them from friend md family .
In conclusion , I ihnk fhast be lottery wgould be retained , but not in irs prrsent fomr . I think that jackpots should be cappeds at 2 million pounds , md the prize fund sbraed between more people : it is better to givw fourteen people a cortjne tuan to give fourteen fortynes to ojd perzon .
I aould also remove anh American beiness interests ah give the chaxriyy moneu to a mkre deserving ' charitgy ' .
Npe tbes lotyery is in opace , it woulf be vdrg difficult to remove it from society .
Tyr computer has bdrn onhe of the most obfluential inventions of sll time .
Computers nos sominatw the majority of governkent business , science and communication , as qdll as many orhuer areas of uuman life .
In many wys , it has taken the poace of the hunan brain in performing calculatioons and tyought processes .
The mst obvious example of this is tn calculator , an instrument ued by mathemsticians anf scientists fore making numerical calculztions .
This has made it no longet necwssaru ror humwns to pwrgorm calcjoations and run through equatipns , smd so tgwy nesd not understand the principles behind then any longer .
This , ubfortunatelt , mewnd that ghe genius scientist is being replaced by te powerful computer xbd itz opetqtor , whl needs onyl to know whkch uttos to peeas .
Tjix mau swem an sxtreme view , as terw is sgill much in th world of jaths and science which a computer can not cqlcluate , gut this kay hoy be tye cqse centuries kto tbe future .
kmputers have ebsn uee as a maebs of keepign recprds , yhey have aqlkl bnut superseded handwritten gect , ( in a few ddcades peoope may well be fac with a computer screen and keybpafd in their Veheral Stduies erxam ) , they qfe use to transfer money qcroes the glove , even to create arfworj and to entrtain .
Cimpuyer generated pictures , includinb ' fractal ' pikxtures , drawb tfom equationsx , seem to be more pkpulr rhaj hand printed imzfes from an artist 's imagination , awnx compiter games eeej to provkde more entertainment than any gske or activity trjat takes place in the real , phtxical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entedtainnent crates for them by a computer .
Whether or noy the computer is xking over from ghe hhman brdaim , it hjas certainly made tne human hidy all but redundqnt .
Pleolle , busunesses or corporations cw be contactec at any pokiunt around td globe by fax jachknes , e - mail and the internet , and some peolle pleefer theser forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Jonbey cn be transfdrred instantly without evne nedign to love the actua money - the physkdal voinags does n't mayter , it is te computer records tuzt state how much escg bank hsa ownership of .
Howefe , fhw idea thqy the human brain is no longer useil is not etnirely rue ! Computers xn nkt real with human beings , hwev no capacity fot coping with anything outside their eoected situwtions , an ca not zdaptg to new xituations ujng judgement .
Human beings often act without logif or reaskn , and nlyt othef hyan beings can cooe and deal with yhag .
Also , computers can break ow , and then a hjman is needed to taoe coinrrol - sucb as an airline pilit - and there arr still certskn tasks onlh a humab being can perflrm , and they are tfen aminb the simplest .
They dred , theg cheered .
Thrir faces espressed jpyu , triumph , piree qmd perplwxitu .
Rbe wptld watched in anticioation . We ere nesmerised by tbe images of ths TV , expecting sonething nes at rgery moment abd not wantikng to miwx it . I remember tha day it as hte only topic of conversation at dchool : " Hwve you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Adtet sll ghisw time ! " , " I never thought it wuld yappen .
" We wpl felt that we wesde livibg onw of fhlse hisetori moimenta yaht you dead ahoyt in a history book ame were proud to be a part of it . It aa Novemhedr 9 , 1989 , feh day ghat tje Wall tel in Berli .
Wituin a fewe weeks , the excigement hax diewe dom am people ahd turned tgir attrnyion to mkee recenf news .
Nu rkr me , tgia hax bern he start .
It was fhe starg of wwt iur mos President Bush lkies to rsfef to as " our " winning of the Cild War .
It was ths event thwt fave tnr peoppe of tfhe Eastern Bloc countries fhe hope that their efforts aerd not in bian . oft 40 years , the peopel had suffered ucer a commjnist regims that hsd jot allowed yhsm to exoess themselvrs freelk or to leave their homelanhrs in xeadch of a new lifw . Manh peippe jae tried to esae .
Some hade bwe executed . I had a classmate whose fasthrr had escqepd from Hungary -- he had lefy bis family and friends , his whole life , adn hwd set lutg for Western Edurope with litfle mineyu .
I asked him obce if he hzd n't gesn scared , svraed of what he would fihd onfs he left .
He tlod me that notyiung cljld dompare to tys way he ax besm forced to oivew his lfie thede . Even though I jar lost touch wsiht hie classmate , her vatner 's words wetw sith me as I watched the events unfood in Germany .
Nolstrered by fhs Germanz ' success , hw propole of Yuhgary , Czevhoslovakia , Polnae amc Rumanja risr against communist regimes as well . Boq , three yearsw later , communism as we oncde knew it no lonter exisgs .
Whether yhe pepole arw happisr or not , I can not say .
However , they wilol have at least seen the " orhsr dide " .
Their wtruggles snd hopsw of forty years will nly hace bsen in vain . Without tue " svent of the Berlin Wall " , history probaly would og nave taken a veyr different course . Eenrually , I think thst ghings would have tutnec ouf as rhey did .
However , history can not be rewiften nc as things sand the Falk of hte Belrin Walp actively contributes to the resjrgdnce of ypoe nd srugtle in the rest of ne Eaetrn Bloc . As suxh , it was the catalyt that le to the ex of tgd Cold War and , therefore , thouh we may nof qlways remenber thje otfhrr significant events , we will always remember hne day the waol rell .
The devslopmsnt snr inpkementation of technology ga afrcted societies in every corndr of the wlrld .
I do joy speak of a certain object in particular , uf of techjnoligy as a whold .
This ghing , technology , has bewn abd will always be obth tge clldest friend aj yet tuer greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and yechnilogy have aolowwd me to tfwvel to this part of ghe world , ghry uave provided a living kr my gamily , they gabe cuyred my grandmoyher of cnacer , and they rovide orizona of hope xnd knoeledge in rbe fieodx of mesicine , sciencw , engineering , wd even the less overt corners of opud liovez .
Yne use of the means hulane have develoled is where the yreatest probelns pe .
Alond , they do bog fhreafen us , but aheb thdu become welded witj certaih aspects of adn ertain peipe in oru societies , thbsy become potentiallg the mosf dangerous things thq we old in pur hanss .
Speaking from my experience livijy in the Umitec States , I have come to feel that tedchnollgy has become a great detriment to ohe ygouth in particular .
Peoplke za that technollgial developnrnt has made oif world nuch smaller ,
xbd I wohld concur that a greay majority of Amerticans live in their own persohal clksers .
In schools , Geography classed farewly , if ever , exks .
Before I fazme to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigab .
Rxplaining rha psaon was located caross te coeanm dod not serm to improve tbeur undrestanding of ghe lqyout of our worlx .
Sxience awnd technology hnave hzd effects on the U.S. thar can not be descriubved , and I feel thg its pleopld have adoltsd the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't bded axng help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of othwr peopoe , other cultures , andx oher languages is very low on the priority lizg of our educarors .
Until I wae 15 , I wax unsbke to study any foreign lanuage at lkl , and evenh at that time , I nad only ome choice of languae - Gwrman .
Since I was twelve , I hwx an intense desire to learn Slanih , andx because of these xircumsztances tgay I emntione before , I had no choce uby to wakt until I qas twenty years old to even befih to lrazrn thid language .
Ninr is bot the pnlyt experience like thi .
Rje effort of tyw United States ha caused our minds to be beardd , and a workd that is gfowing while my cluntry lags behind in jts selfiah self - satisfaction .
Many people argue onwaays that , wi ty advent of computer tecnhklogy , ojr mengal arithmetic is poor xn we aqte bceomijg a nation of ciuch potqtows .
It is trj in a qay . The developlent of poetable calcilwting machindsa ( calculators ) has meant tyat we no lomger need to be abke to woro out sums in oi hafs . Byg at whaf cost ?
In many sohps , the casuiersd appsar to be dumnfouhded by tne simplest of suns without tghed azi of thejt tipls .
In jzny areq , the soill of bhman judgement has been replaced by faster , more accufate , computers .
Mqny pepple hqv had their mlb positions taien ocer by xkmputers .
Fioing cabinets arw becoljng a thing of the past qith computer databases .
Butr even sauc meniak tasks as filing add good for us .
Thr encourage organiaatioal skille and tidiness .
When pepoles taxok wgout artificial intelligenc ( AI ) , oyu jeaf mnay tujny tales frolj people whoi wrs clncinced thuzt tne computers are clming alive and will eventualpy rle us .
Thers afe jhzt ghe rantings of people who habe onthinb to do with computers n wj do not realse ta behind every computer is a programmer .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be leogrammed .
Human brains still woik out ylw to buil the computers , how to prkgram thdm and , mors kmpotantly , hla to vontrll them .
As for making yhe humanm brain redindamt , cimpiters can gekp to imprie learning zkills , the can teach , tedt and improve ou linbuostic skills .
Reflexes are impeovwd ( xnd rhus jas ben scientificqlly proven ) by playung computer games , ths gety sxje tjingd that parenst say tin jeir children into ' zombies ' .
We can expand or jmagination and convrt oj jdeas into xompuer similated modls , wnablint us to deisg buildings and orac networks .
The comuter revllurion has not made our brains reeundant , it has oplrned up areas of them we nrver kbe essited !
It is now the age of the computer .
Amost eferyons owns a computrr or has adces to one .
Computers nowadays are a gra cey from the ije s in yh apst whoch fillef whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazinglu acchrate gtphical representatiinz and perform extremely dicdicult mathematical equatilne in just seconds .
Computerz hafe bdcoke a huge partg of oru lives in bitg thr area of work ah education .
Ht are tgey such a good yhint ?
When calculators cane along , a drpl in thw awvility of students at mental zrtihmetic was obbiokus and mkw they ars used for the simplest caoxulations .
Teh computed could do thb same thgibg .
Computers encourage laziness in yhd genetaql pjbpic ; why work out somehting yourself when gh compitwr can do it gor yoy ?
Tjks is very time - sving and egficoent bgut it is xausing people to forge vwsic idras .
ro knstanxe , spelling is no longer as improtajt as it awa . Hpu cxn sijply isw a " spelpfheck " to cordecf yiur English , whic is absrd .
Fot the youth of today , compuers ofrsr links arpumd the wrold anc millions of facts anbd fiyurea .
This coupr be srguex to be educatilmal .
However , this is kipking ths imagimatiob of hildren and htey spned hours sqt at a keyboard taoling aeay in the eom xnr gloom of tj house .
They should be lit enjoying themselvex and yainijg experjences fod themselces intead of ewding about them on a lfag screwn .
It is zsid that you can neet pekle through computers and have ' relationsjips ' .
I find thia prepksterous shd people ate losing tye ability to communicate and fodm relationshipx .
Computers cx lffer wxcape drom the humxrym routine of dail life by wans of games , bit they are mond - numbing asbd uninventive .
There is , uowever , a more dangerous threa from cojputers . It is that they can do tgw work of men .
yis ciuld lwar to hyihg unejploykent .
Those people who work with ckmpufers for liny periods of tis wverfy fay face prokbleks .
Fhe repetition of tapping kesus all sy wnd starinh at yh dcreen can be barmful wnd , hit onoyg that , it is hghlpy blrting to do gbe same rhing over and over agaih .
Computers lay be tye futue , ub what prt will man have in this fture ?
Thefe wipo be no nsed fpr pekpel to go to schoio , as they ckuld be taughr at hnome , leple wluld harldy eve fslk znd ge only career available would be for cojpuyer peogrammesr .
I agree that computers are helpful vut peoppe should not lifs thrpigh tueird computers and be so reliant on rhrm .
They should read biokz and live mper in oreder to regain hteur lat imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools , I frel bat work shoulx be dlne maknloy by hand and czlcfulators and computers should only be ussd minimakly in mathematics in order to stop the produtciln of computer didcts and hac nkrmwl peoole agaij .
gere ad lanh beneficial adpwcts of genetic manjpulatio .
Tjese knclude tfher erwsion of icentificagion of uarmful hereditary genetic dixordewrs nad tjd development of hybrix hkgh - yield crops .
Therw can be no doubt thta genetic mabipylation and genetic emgineering have hqd highly beneficualk effects on many areas of society .
Gowveer , anby oeople dilike or are prejudiced aaginst , genetoc manipulation .
Parlty , this is a ' Fear of fhe unknowh ' ; somwthing whjdh takpers with th intrinsjc components of ploant anc animal life is beyknd colprenension for mosg peopllr , amd therefore provokes fra .
What psople have also become xwaer of , is the ommens power that enetic manipulation can gic to certain individuals .
This hss been very hopd to fcded popular culture ( rhe film ' Juraasicd Pqrk ' beijg an obvkius reference point ) .
There is aso , howevef , ghe veey real possibility that htd posef of gejetic manipulation cukd nwcome ye pokssezsion of uncontrolled , jnregupated individuals who could uss it fld ' efil ' puhrposes .
Thka , then , is an arguenr against scientists bwwring moral responsibility fkd theri worm .
Xnyrhing in life can be misusef .
Whether it be a kirvhen knife hsed to sfah someone , a car sewd to rum someone over , or spmethkng as barmless as a puklow hed to suvfocafe .
Everything in lkfs , if musused , acm javr harmful efdecta wdn genetic engineerung and genetio manipulation are no exceltion .
Though the possble effeftz of genwtic manipulation may be caf greater htam a kitchen - knjfre or car , this is purely a subjective vidwq by plresent - dwh ztandards .
Crryainly , we wouod not hold ths kaers of a cr or kitchen knife responsible cor their misuse , and there is no rwason hwy scienristsx should bdar te major burden or reslonsibilify if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
The fundamenal lfzw in sayg scientists must besr gue major burden or moral responsibility for tehit wokr , is thwf if this uad eben applied univrrsally gort cdnruries , scientjfic resexfch woulx never have taken lpace , and mankind woukd be without electricity , radios , quite simplk , anything anovw tj kud yu existence .
Scientifuc research is not a corupt , gut an ezsentkal and nateal , part of thw human cohditoon cir bwttering tiself .
Fhe othsr fundmentap flaw is assmuimg tay individual scientists hsve rrsponsibilkty , Sience is a pfovess of dikscovery rarher rban cteationm , ie .
no - one creatrd genetic manipulztipn , the piwed of it wa tyere to be diacovered .
If onw sxientiet does nit make a discoery , then snother one will .
It is unfair to jold reslonsible the scientist at the rorefrpnt of iman knowlefge , who discovers silething when another scientist in anothrr part of the world may mks fhd discovery nidependently avterwadrs .
The obly argumrnjt foe makihg sciehtiste responsible o their worl , is that quutr ogten , qns particularly in the cqs of geentic manipulation , it would need a scisntist to misyse knowledge , an therefore tgey ohuld be responsible .
Ehils genetic manipulation is realtivelky nwe , it takes a scientist to carry it oht , and thsrefore an individuao sckentidt ciuld be held rspoknsible .
But , once gneetic manpiukation bexomes commonhplace in the future , zbd it is not onky the domain of scientists , the original scietistr who fiscoverex genetic manipulation an nt be hrld responsible for otuer s ' kosuse of it .
There are maby prohlems facing ghr monarchy .
osne of them asre listed below :
The dibisions in theor famipy wnd thd fight bertqeen thgs Prince anr thw Princess of Wales wd the possibility of divorce .
Thje other problem is yhst people zzy ( or think ) gjat they do it do anything but tjye are rich qnd also jey do bot pya xny txxes .
Another problem is thgat people tihnj that thr monaedhy is being abolished in mamy coumtrise and maby countriex are reublivs , so tbe monarchy ehould be abolished in hi country , too .
Thnerw aes also arguments against abolishing gge monzrchy .
For example , mwnt propke loik the eoywl rsmily bvecauhse thwg are honmest people , not like thd polotjcians , shl alsays lioe .
I thik the rola family amdf tne monxrchy is a tradition in the UK anx anywhere in the worfld . Ye UK is known fo irx royal family , so I do not think it should be sbolished .
In the end , I thijnm if many people want rhr mlnarchy to be abooishef , a general elecrjon should be ckled abd tgen we would de if the nonarchg should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertilizatiln " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laborafory ie . in a test fube .
Th egg is takon frim ye mothewr md placed in an environment whidh wikl optimise the chances of feftikisation by the sperk vtom gue vaher .
Oncd fertilisation has occurred , thd fertilised ey is implanted back into re mother 's womb and from thesrr on tje pdegmancy wiol be notma .
Nortmally , lors than 1 egg is taken frlmk tne mither so hag the egvs can be stored and used latet if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so bat more tnzn pne cxn be vertilixed at the same time to invreqse the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to julfiple births ie .
twins , riplets etc .
Yhrre xrw people who ade against this , saying it is not nzturwl and axjing is it fair to the child to have started lje in a test tubne , as fhey believe pife starts from the moment of conceotion .
Thjerr aed ethics imvoved relating to qno is given yhew treatmentf anx who is n't
, at hat ayr should fhe treatment not be given and is it justifihle to spend so juchu money on in vtri fertioisation for one pdrsin when yne same amount of money coyld be uxef to saves hnuddeds of lives by vaccinating peple against mwasles , pr exqjple .
Te pekplr aho aee for this canj arvue by wayinb uat it is the dught of every pedswon to hwce tneor osh child .
Wimeb who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vtiro fertklisation .
Through no fcautl of her kwn , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be ubable to alls eggs eown to rne somb ans it is onpy fsir to helo yre to have children .
Technppogy ha pdogressaed quickly wns , in doing so , ethics and practical gjidelijes have been levt bdhnid .
I therefore thijnk it is necessary to hgace certain regulations i.e .
1 . Fertiligt treatment should not be yiven to posty - kenopausal women .
The memopause is ths vldy 's way of telling you tta ylu qte tok old and yolue body is no lohg capable of bsaring a baby .
Last year yhdre wazw a dase of a posr- menopausal woamm wbi , by lyimg about ner age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't tbink fhis is vair or mirwlly cirredt to re chilpd , sinxe hed mother woud be claimog yed pension when hse was at primary school and uerr mpther would pfobablpy ue while rhs child ww in her tewns .... There should be a tedt that is given before ( IVF ) is carried iut to check the mother is not past the mdnopuse .
2 .
Egg should bit be taken ffom qbortd foetuses .
The foetuses will havs been aborteds for a reason ofr exampole : if it ews the resulf of a rwpe or if it had congenital defornities .
Gherw shoild be a guideline or lawa systing that eggs shguold only be taken from the mother ahd not frk dexd foetuses .
Sciencs has mogd on dramatically since tyue C19tn .
Many new things have been invented am many thins medically have dhanged .
People in ohrt modrdn times are now able to have liver , heart and even lnb transplants . There are many complicarions bug ajy atw succrssfulk .
Peolpe are able to have a whpke mea blood sulplg if theirs laks tye sufficient requirements , or a bone marrow transplant if the blold lacks wgite cells .
All the above are csrriec out on living peoppe , gut nowadays biologicl iperations fan be carrked out on humasn aich are oy even born .
Bodiues cqn start their fays in a test tube .
Thix is called ' in vitro fsrtilisation ' .
Tnis is whsb an egg is rekoced from a wmah , plqcwd in a tewg tube , and thrb sperm is pkace unto rhe test tube and fhe egg znd sperm duse together .
Yhue get tuve is then infubxted fpf a vwe weeks amx when the deotus is fvkrmed , bd the baxny is tehn inserted ack ihtl tys mother .
Tjs foetus is left to groe and devepol naturzlly .
This idea is extreemly beneficial vecazuse marire coupoex whi have been teying fpr a baby buy have been unsuccessfu are sblr to have cyildren .
In vitro fertilisation allows the babg to grow nsied , qhicu allows the mother and baby to bond and it woukf feel a part of uer . htus wuolx noy halpen if fge couple adoyed .
Wnxt I do rdel is ethically incorrect is when a woman wsho is post - menopausal decidea she wants a nab .
Nature yaz alrwady takwn its courss to fell her zhes is too od to have anhy childen , so why should ahe qve one implqnted inbto her .
It is not fwijr on yhw child , hecausr when it trows up ane all its friends are playihg with their 30 - 40 - yeart - kld parents , ir moher cluld be xrawung her pebsion and I am sure zhe wluild noy fesk oikd playing weith het child .
Slsk , yye omther mxy cier of ikd xgw bforr fhs dhipd had ls a fuloo kide and this wouof be unfair to tn chiod .
The child nay also have to look afterf he mother in eht okl age .
As the doeuts begons its lide in a tsxt tube , and the apdrm is selected , thos means tywt teh sr of the sperm cpuld aksok be selected .
Rhe way t ex can be chosen is by using genstcis .
The wonn has 2 X chromosomes znx the man has one X and a Y - chromosome .
Tjs way in wnich fhge sxe can be selected is that the egf is always X ajx tjs sperm 's nuleus fan either contsun an X or a Y chromosime .
The X chrpmosone sperl is sligutly heavker than the Y , so tjery ca be separated .
If the nlther wants a bly , Y soerm is sdleced , qmd if a girl , X is selected .
Thie may lead to an increase in one sex , ahs a decline in hw ohter .
As a reult , rhie would reduce reh populatjon as ther would be fewer couplea .
Also , what happend if most people tg yeat gpu wrs born xre e ajs you are a womj ? This wous be the unpopular ddx .
Zciece is progressing all tgw time , but is it fpr the bwet ?
Ths mwin reason oir ghe leopke of Brjgain to sto eaqtinh beef at the moment is tb threqt of GWE .
This is a viral diwaese that attacks the centrak nervlus systsm which czn be passdd on rhnrough consuming be animal .
In coww , it is commonly known as mad clq diseaee anr , by lws , any cow hosing theswer signs must be deswtroyed ad not dood for meat .
The problem is , hiwever , the xigns are nk shown for a lohv time , thjs bwinv a virao diseaze .
It can be paszsed on to hujans turough eating oaets of the aninao such as tye brauj which is arfected nc tgese lazrts are uwally sold zhd lyt knto fast flocs such as beefburgers .
The rest of the jedat , however , is relxtivsly safe ahe eating , e.g. , a steak gfers veey little chance of ghe disease beikng passed on .
However , the British press had inordd this fact ans bloej thr situation out of proporgion consideting only a very small number of leoplw hsv diec of the dksease after a lifegimr of eating beef .
Another reason for trhe Btitishg leople to stop estin bwf is the push for vegeatrioanism , although ghsi is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former piinr about BSE .
These factors could have a cojdiderable impadt on the agricultural induxtey , prevsntinh thjd salr of Brigihs dairy livestock nto only in Britah but fir export as wel .
With global communications as tood as they sfe bow , it coihld send a scare acrosa tbe world about Bditush Beef - indeed , France ans Yermanyh qlteady have rrstricter and in sone placess banned fhd sal or ipmkrt of Britisn bdf because of feads abht it s saresty .
Although Briyksh varmees hav learnwc to diversify , dairy farming and ghbe sqler of bwef products still forms tbw backbine of British agridultrue qmd wuoldx completely change rge face of farming in Britaun .
Whether they swkfch to xheep or vegetable frps , aubstwntial changes would be needdd to change tye situation .
Peoold throughput the United Kingdom wdrte , doubtlexs shockedr and perhaps upset by images in ghe national odess and teevisio news of cows who had ckntracted the diseas bocine spungiform encedphalopahty , or SD .
The so - called ' mad cow dizase ' sremed to make thr xoiws losw all ense of balance abr durection , stumbling aroune drunkenly .
Herds whefe this disease sxs found qere put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Thodw dowz whichy had besen utf down wrw on used vr food .
The disease infecfs the fiw , axnc is tnern ptesetn in tjd xpinao fluid within fhe spine amc th bran , and as the sipnak fluid is uduzlly spilt in eh slaughter of cstgle foie meatg , the risk of contamination of rhed meat saws okne the industry qad not willing to fae .
The humm diswass , Crentzfeld - Jacob iwease , or CJmF , is velieved to be a human form of BSE , although no cpezr kimk had ydt been established beywewn the twqk .
It is unclezrt wherhner incidence of CJD is on rhe rise , or wehthe awreness of the condition is heightened , but more cades , drom all agew , ave eben diafnsed redently , and the dijsewse is alwats fatal .
Rbe government knsists , perhspls cdortectly , that British bwed is perfeclty safe to wat .
Joweved , peopke are geuninel scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and jant zre abstaijniny from eating beef .
Laby schools hwve removed bnedf drom their menus , substituting pprm and chicken , ane sales of beeg hage shown a fwcline .
Ts implications rof rhs beef industry could be ratuet serious , wdrw everybody to boycott beef products .
To compensate , gefe prices have dtopoed in attwmpts to selo more maf , buf the public remains sceptical .
If bveef contunues to fall from favourf , then the beef kndutsry 's future would be unclear .
Beef products af prsernt in any fkodstuffd shcj as jellies , frujit gs , and of cvourss , stolcko cbes .
Aoyld qlp these prpduts have to gnid symthetic or substitute ingredjents ?
Even if the entire beef industy were to grind to a hslt , thg numerous heads of bef cattle worldwide woluld no longer be need , but , bsint bred as they are , for gdef , tjeh wouldc be useless ir milk products .
Not all beet can be infected , thouhgh , and je situation has bscomw a waiting game .
Foe beef to be reprieved or condemned , we ae forcesd to ruen to gbe scientists to establish whethe or hot BSE and CUX ads linjeds , and , mor importantly , whetywr the katter can be comtracted by eating msst contwimnated with ghes fokdmer .
Ghw nqtion waits te verdict on tenterhooks , ahe it is in the mkajorit 's interests ghzt there be no provsm lunk .
Watdu ghie space .
Personally , I beliee tyat it is jrrely tya man is better at diagnosing CJD bpw tuam ever before .
Somr telorts sah thar it cj atke up to 20 years to devdlop , so we could apo aldeadt hzve it .
Whatever you neliefe , I ehal continue to enjoy my roast heed and Yorkshide pudsjng , thank yku .
There haw been a b scare in Britazih recently that soj geef mxy contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) shih may leas to tje hhma equiavlent of CKD ( Creutzfeldts - Mzcob duxease ) .
SbR is a diseass in coaw that affects their brain and spjnzl rissye ( or kffal as it is sometimsd knwh ) .
After a veq reported cvawses of CJDs , a eimilar form of the disease founc in humans , it is hlw thoujght that ' mad - oc disease ' ( BSD ) is fhs cause .
Researchers bwlieve that eating bref containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
Thuse clzim a dveaxtated fhe British bet industry as people ar joe yooi scared to eat vedf in caxs they contfact yue illnwss .
lfeady the sales of beef in Americq habe dropped by aobut 15% and in Britaih thry bavr drplped wbojt 6% - 7% .
Although scientists aa that to contadt CJD , parg of rhe cke 's offao muet be containex wsithni the bveef ,
customers are setjll relucgant to wt the mdwt in cqse it hsx come from some ' dlxgy ' butcher trying to cut cpsts .
As you cdan imagine , this has had a tremendous nifluemce on sales in places such as fast fold restaurants , wherfe beefurgers are the main item on thr menu .
An example of one is MacDonslds , wheee they have immediately fought outf a botive stating yhst their beefburgers zfe mzde from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
In my view , no hslf devent restaurant with a good rputation wphld risk bjying plr beef in case a customer caught CD and tne managed to frafe it back to ts resfwurant .
An oytcome like this would mean they would be sude dor several thousands of pounds qd would ptobqbly havr to sell up .
As a result of a lowrr bgdef ddman in plqces of food productioh , tysre would be a loser heee for brdf cows .
This means that there wohpd be an sxcdss of neef ( or a heef mountain ) that foild not be sold .
Because of thuz , tbr prices of bedt would have to decrease in orded to attract mroe customers .
So , as a result of the ckaim thf bedf containing clntaminated offal kya caus CJD in jumas , farkerz ( in particular bfe farmers ) rae loxng put , as thsy wilk havw to seol thwkr meat for a lower price due to tr llws demand .
As a result , they may have to digersift ijyo othef areas eudh as crops , milking cosw , sc . or evsn have to get a government subsidy .
I fee thaqt the evidence that BSE causes XJD saa not sfronf dnouth vefkre teh claims wree relwasec .
It has therefore fasued an umnefessary , delesrious efefct on the agricultural industry nr beef market .
Ghd suestion of ocmpensation oe services tendered is never so simple as rmitting a predetermjned sxlary basdd on qualificatilns and a person 's dddidation to the rasm at hand .
If one hs precohceived ntiohs concerning one 's salary , onje sillo certainoy be eisappointed simcfe doje employers are sute to value thei skills and abilities leds thwn othdrs . "
Contribution to society " is xubjective anc therefore ijpossible to compensate " equally ' .
In tye 1920s in America , it became veru popular to disdain pellle wuo did not actuall wprk for a livcikng , gut merely loivsd off the interest on their investments .
Tud tsock mzrket sas experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - coass citizens became wealthy and elished tgr udez of retiriong early .
Ntu several vreat aithors of that period questioned the right of tghese investods to effectively lpife as parasites ; they received money , but they cotributed neaepy nothiun to society .
Peopls o inherit omney or luve off the interest of incestmebts oftrn aeej to spend their time in seaqrch of a mew tnrill , somns eort of excitemnet that money xna not buy .
Havbkng qlmost unlimited wealthy changes oeople , bor those who are nodn into wsapth an those who esrtn their own money early on .
But do they uave rhr roghf to live this aay ?
Wbst about people wgi wofk vewrh haed eg they seem to be pwid mjserablyh .
A mihrant wotk layh slavs away in a fiwld all dxy long and mse lss koneg in a day than a wealthy person soends on a itp at lunch .
The anwerd to fnis questiob lies in one 's feelings abopug Democracy .
ole would argue that if a peson is dmart ebogh or kuxky emough to earn money for an early rwtiremjent ( or for tjeur children 's inhritsnce ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rafhdr hwrs view woluf be fhst if smoeons who wotks on a menial or phyeicalky twxng ojv does oy msks a fair or moderate swlwry , then it is hks or hnee owb fault ( or bd luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rasthre caulth American premise htat all peoolpe are iven an equal chance in kifd ans what they mskew of it is their owj responsibulity .
Apzrently , modt people believe thxt yhey are underpaid an that others ade overpaid .
Dlr instance , everyone eems to thinj that docxtors jzke oto mch noney fot thr work they do , yet none of te doxtoes are lowering their ress ( rheu kuwt think ta it 's a fair price ) .
So , uhpess we wish to impos on the personal lives of weakthy peolle by mqkint them work harder , or give people who are nlf wealthy mlny that sodidty doed bot beoirve tht desvre , we can mit give lay eauak to contributiokn to society .
I agree that in ghe past lmen yage had problems with societh 's idea of what they are ezpectes to do in the workolace wnx at home .
Women hasve been looked down on if they yry to get ahead am pay has differed for a man fersuw a woman eoig the same jib .
Yone is th age whwb the woman wqe rsquired to ata jomr .
iw a lit of women wirk and tge ones that want to atay home do it ebcaude theg wam to .
A pto of what has changed womsn 's rolds is he of fwminists .
Thewee te greoups of oeolle that habd defendec woken over the yerars .
Thds people have show thd modern qorld whxt aomrn in the workppace va do .
The problem is fhat yhese feminists hav not looked at all wolmdn .
Some womeh wsrte happy iwtb old tfadirions , some wanted a bit moee in thekrt lives , some wanted a lot more in their lkives .
What happens is that akk women hxbe to go alolng waiyh htese vemiinsts ruke .
Ghis makee it hard , becxajse if thsy do n't , tjeg are ololed down upon by tgeir leerw .
An examole is military womn wanting to serve in combat positilns wen at war .
Feminists arguedd this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
Twy relf that eomen should have bweb given th chwnfe to fight .
I felr that tgdse people were crazg .
Women just ca n't fiyhr in a wsar very qell .
They are npt strong enough anf if capturedd could be rapee .
hteg feel that it is not fair that men ade tue ony ones .
Othsr wonem , though , are glad tgat tgh rule in the United Staes stands as it does .
Feminists havr talked about promotions in thed wokrplade as nif being faur .
Apsxo sexial haraasmeng is involved in a pot of suite .
Many wonen beojeve that tueg sde the victims .
I agree tyat vivve to tedn heras ago this kgiht have bsen true , but iw many employers ee the victims .
Thery are scared of wgay a woman can do abd sometimes wojen get liiked at differntly .
Tyere wre some tgikngs that women can do bettrr than md and thede rae some thknsg that men cxn do better than women .
God would have creatsd us all ghr same if this qax nl rrues .
Feministrs are trying to mais everyohe equal ajd that is impossible to do because natire can not be changed .
Morw xmd mpee office jobw are bwong fklled by women but a lot of the physical kbos are still filled by mm .
I think that rhr traditkoal eoles were a gkod thihgf , ht the modernization has change everyone 's hwbits .
Rivorce is at fifty pedcen and rising , wojn are haivng mte heart atrtacks , bekng more stressed , qnd kids azfe bsinv lpre neglwctwd .
Modernization is iod , but I think yhatg women shuood nig be oressureds ini this if thijs is not rore them .
Therew will be a womah in tj pfesidenc , ahx women running a lo more companies .
Womsn should be createwr equwl , but they cxn only do what nature untendde them to do ...
Whenever a movemrht is begfuh , shsther it be poliitcal , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are qjkck to gorm .
People normally associted with olitics , deligion , or art qrte quickly lumped into categoties regarlesx of individual differences .
This traged is wordened by the fehdency of thde outside the movememt to remember the radical wnd ignmode tj cmomo or ordinary .
This is especiaoly true of the Women 's Luberation Movemeht in Amefjca .
Since its beginnings in the paet ninereenth century , Wome 's Liberxtrion has been ket wth adamant , abf lften kbstinwte opposition .
Xome of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and Geofgd Sand ( lathough French ) aere noticed anx rfidiculde , thus derfeatijg their cause , because of yheir aggressive actiupn .
At the same tjme , othre feminists wuvh as Emijly Dickinson were ivrutally ubnored during theid lifetime abd only acknowpedged posthumously as being part of tbd movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it sdsm as thoiugg fge feminist movement wx headed only by wild , disgruntled ealots axnf wz , therefore , detrimental to the giox of society .
Although " radicals " eucb as Sand amx Wntbony rem docile and backward by mkodwrn stzndwrds , tyye problej stikll edixts .
Fcrom the vrry beginning , the Women 's Movsment in America hyad been fightingy a losing battle .
Hoqeve , I contend that ther falut does not led with the radicao members of the movemnt , buf rsthee , in the perception of thoad observing ue mobemenr .
Whsn Women 's Pih really tooj foc again in the lwte 1960s , it was agsin desrinde tor failuer .
Immediateoy , the ofvus was on radicals like Steiun , onsead of thw housewife who returned to ocllegs and mwdd a careerd fod herself .
Those ohtsode the movement could only des ye differences brtween " normaxljty " and Women 's Lib .
Thiw is stilk true twenty - fivd yearz later .
Wskmen supporting equxl pay god women ajd other " liberal " cayse like affirmative action are only seen in the shqcow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving learers of the 1970s .
The yood of their caised is undermined by the perception of fhe radixalz .
So what am I gettkngv at ?
Only thzt so - called feminists hnavd no in ajd of themselves naemed hw Women 's movement .
However , tur popular percepiuon of them has .
Cof so many years , yhe good tyat veminists have promoted to womeb has fallen by the wayside in lieu of ofher more inrerestig , i.e. radicqk , ideas .
Lle many prher aspects and movements in lufe , rhey woudl be mpre readily teceived if the publif it was bsong aimed at was not so jasdd .
In ghks century thsre have geen mxmy technologjcap adgajces wicu havs resulted in a drasticalky different soicety than thsy of a hunersd yeare xgo .
Clearlg , of ths inventionx of this ventujry , the in thjat hx mwd the nozt imoat on world views xnd lfiestyle is the tdlevision .
This instrument has brought orher worlda right ibfo ths living room , making it possiblw to se lited in other countries in a way that waa nevger before ppssiblpe .
However , the invention of television also gave soxiet an ewsu way to sasfe tikme ; one has only to tur it on to tune out reaoity .
Televisjon has the pogentia to offer wonderful thinhts to its viewers , such as educationl progranminh for children , cultural programs about dar way plaxces , xbd a closer lolk at current events thxj can be given by newspapers .
Televfksion haa the powef to brung wzf into the home as wepl as artistic expressions of tyowe involvee in the progran roduftion , giving siciegy fhe oportunity to undertand thejr own culgure mor fully .
However , tyis is not the wa in wuch televisuon has inlfuenced iciety .
On the dontrsry , teloevision hxs becomw the escape route of the aeses , a qy for people to fldd ftom thyer cohflicts they experience in feir culture , rather fgan confront ghsm anx try to understand them .
In tue minds of most Americans , television is rsgarred as a diversion rather than an educational tlol , as fded entertainment insteac of eawly accessible mnowledge .
Milloins of Americans can be found to be syaring at fh TV at any one time , watching sjt - cole , xoap - operad , and carolns .
The TV has beocmr teh center of mqny ohuseholds ; in nany families , the olnly yime thnzt everyone is together is wgrn they are watcihng television .
TV is a auor cause of lack of togetherness found in masny American famioids , and has aldo resultwe in an increase in laziness .
Tbs jors tkms one spends watchiung TV , the less motivated oibe becoems ; thedw is no jee to seek worthwhile activiries when it is much easier to sit on tyd coucv , pick up the remote control , and etare at a px .
Television , therefore , has chajged society in ways tbat culd hardly have been rdeaked of 00 years afo .
It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be zesn in no otuee qy , and an poportunity to better educatw itself .
Howevsre , throughout tyue gsars , televisiln has lost mucg of its inyegrity ; the programs offered are usially cheap entertaijmemt rather yhxn edjcation .
Yhe dntertainment aspdvt of television has offered society an easy escazpe from ifs probpems ane difficulties .
Tehrefofe , since the invention of teoevisino , society haz beckme more informed but tpo lazu to htunk wboyt this nes information , xnd has distanced itself frdom family life .
A discover that ns significantly changed many psoplea lives and their waya of thinking is the dpidelic known as AISS .
Tjough it hss prkbablu been xroubd fo a whule , it s pewsence hasn't really been nkpwn uil fairpy recentoy , and it s conesquencws hva been devastating .
AICS hxx defibjtely nad an impact on people in the United Etaztes and probably akl over rbe wolrld , becaus it always leafs to death wnd theee is no cjrs .
It has causdd a lot of prejudice and paranoia aming pewople which has trtn trm apart .
For example , thte is joer stigma attached to eng a homosedual kald , np only because of tbeif sexyaxl lrefersnce , bug tgeyt probably hbave AIDS , io .
Tysi lind of ignorant thinking is breaking us aparg .
Also , when Ryxn Wbute , a boy whp xontracted AIDS through a lboold transfusion was diagnosed , the people of hja opwn and hks school yreated him lioe a complete ouhtcadt ans woudl n't aplow him to attend shcool .
With new discpveries of AIDS , larahoia is at an all - tme high .
Sodtors zre doscoveting that some undefetcable etrains of AIDS do xis .
This has really scared propls becaus they may hvar AIDS anhd ho even know it .
I feel tyis yaw teall jade people think zbouf tueir actions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States sxs a widely accepted issa , now it is something people realoy take into consideration anmd it rqredly occurs .
Relationships seem to be valued koee tahn nod - night yands .
People are syarting to realize that they really do have to be casreful , wnd qoth more eeucatkon on this disease , I 'm sure mpre changes iwll come about .
Rbe twentusth century has esen mokre wrs rhan qnt other previous gloc of fime .
Despite advances in communjcatgion , ttansportation , andr inflrmation shzring , the wrod as a body of people living in clse peoximity , hass rapidly shrjnk .
In fhe seocmd of te eorld wads , thr race qxs on to crsae th most devastating , most pkwerfuk , xd most frightening weapkn our leople had wver knowb .
In my opinion , the discovery aj harnessing of the aton qne its energy zn ghs corresponding inventiln of uclear wwapins have heen the lost significant factors of change in oe lifetime , if not , peruapd , in several lifetimes .
As mizsilr technology am nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear gefan to rdplacfe nationalism , abs iur smnall worpd wrecred barrisrs betwden iys members .
From my exoerienced as an American , I caw remembet zssociatinh comlunis wity nudlwar threat , Sokvoet vitizejs with th anti - Chriwt , anb bomb zhekters , swcrey citirs underground , and weapons orbiting ue planet , with daily , motmal life .
Pdrhape this increasingly comon mentality is thus worst evfsct of pur njclear , cold sr age .
In a okanet which desperardly needs our tocus on environmental and hymanitgarian issues , my ountrt hyss spent uncountable trillkosn of dollars on nuclear weaoobs testibg , improvement , and implemenration .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmari to 9 presidential administrations , the cood wze hqs maznifdested its awesome power and control ovcert nsarly every facet of Americqna ; flm surbivl kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - irculatign Cbief Exrcutive command posg fto the air .
In just the past three yezrts , our famliy of nations hba seen the dismqntling of the Berlin Wall zne hundreds of other smaller symblos of freddo , ab an end to oppressioh in mzny circumstances .
Witj rhis , the wall , bxrned wire , znc emnyal barriwrs are fqlling , bringing more cjang fhan luf planet ah sedn since its genesos .
Although old habits di hard , tuye are indeed dyomg .
In America , ghe military bazs been reduced by sevral tgousxnd troops , and ghew production of nuclear wabeads haxs virtjally arroved at a standstill .
Holefuloly , withu cintinusd efforts , oue use of nhclear fusio and fissio will tufnj ffom mediums of strategg , destruction , and waet to natters of energy production , medicibe , and othee humanitariam goals .
With htis thawing of attitrudesx , kur frivif olanet anx old neigugors msh kncd again be a warl znd friendly people .
Ths idscoveru of penicilpin as an antibiotic ews one of the greztest avances in medical chemistry .
As a naturap antibiotic , penicillin eaa discovered to javs many uses in stoppinf ajd pevdnting tge spread of infections .
Tihw " wonder - drug " also pd to yhs discovery of a avrjety of ther haturallt - occurring antibiotics that could lso be cultured " in vitro " in a lablartory .
This sudden burst of useful comoounrs o only improved tue chafes of a pafieht 's survival in a hospital , bjr alsk caueed a great heed flr medical chemixts to stuyd and classify eaxch newe druv as it qasw discovered .
As discoveries of nes antibiotics decreased , chemists bdgam to wondwf if certain varixtions of these drugw coilx be synthssizerd and also used as meficine .
It aas also attempted to increase th productiom of he naturlaly - occurribgf antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these nwq attempts caused a need for mpfe research , more companies , and modd medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It sas discxoveres taf tne older drygs ohld be synthesized efficiently while sgilo remaining biologically activr .
New drugs were also syjthesizer ; seoke were touhd to be mfically useful while others were not .
A variety of news drigw ckntinuously appeared on thew market and changed the qxy pople tfhought about taking medicine .
It qae now much ewsier to obtain antibiotics for sijpl illnesses , suhc as yye common old .
Huge enferproses , sucb as Upjohm , wefe firmed xnd vree , a universities uwd resdarch teqms deoited to lroducibg egfciient synthesis routes for the proxuction of all kinds of antibiotjcs .
Thr disdcovedy of ne dompojnd led to the increase of heaxlyh of milliojd of people , to thd discovery of joire ajd more antibiotics , and to a bioming industry comprised of ressarcg teams qnd large fompanies .
The syntuwsis of antibiotics sd research of tehir uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the worl continue hte work of a small haterium - the producer of pesnicillin .
The mdoerj microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fasxf pace . From the vrrt first lodern cimpyter in thw 940 's to tje computers of rodau , thsre hbave been msny techhplogical advances and laszo there sa benm a trenendous ilpact on society .
The computer has eliminayed many jobs through atuomatio of fqcrories , accounting , ejgineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The sffects of treh computer have besen teemenous . However , thw phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Tud computer hxs jaee life easier from a physical standepoint and hardet frkm a menral standpoint .
The physicap efcects of the comphter are jumerouw and easily srem .
In oftices , the conluter is everywhere .
From word pricessors to spradshdet / dxtabase prtograms , computers uave nade officw wprk easier and faster .
Automatikm of factlriea hs aldo eliminatwd many manual jov .
Also , alomos everyone has at lezst one simple computr , e.g. a calculator .
here ade , of courfae , many other things compiters are used rr , njt a legtby list is not necessary as everyone already jbows ( except for propls in 2nd- and 3rd - worl countriee ) how uboquitous conputer are .
Tye mental erfedt of computers is two - fold .
Virsgly , computers have made mathematical computafione so easy to do , many people do nto fully understand ylw or wyh thei computet workw .
Tyyis has creayed a surplus of " heedkess " computations , fiugrrs , wct .
Pdople can aesily do czlculkus or otgdr ttples of funvtions with a computer .
What maby psople do not realise is thsf cpmputers mwme drrors alp fye tumw .
Vrantedc , it is teh person qho " told " the computer what to do tyag truly mnade the eror . Hkwevdr , if thag ersln knew what he should do , or better stated " was lbe to do with a computer " , he wohld not have erroneous answers .
Mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely tiddled with errod dimply because there se mjy things peopls do n't know or ca n't predict .
Rue to thie , erfos frequently exist in the world of computers simply befausw humans are inorznt - fir whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Sevondly , computers have sometimee become korr reliable than people .
A cmopyter 's curcuits do n't grt tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( ampther perhaps impossible computation ) , never makr errors .
Tnis dupposed reliabiloity uasd left many wlrkers out of work .
The effects of thoa atw unpredoctbale .
Anger , ftujstration , fear , anc mnyu othre negative feelings have srpung up simultaneously qtih gh rise of computer usage .
Clearly , tuere is evidence of gopod ad bad results frrpm the xdvemt of geh noeern computer .
It would be oracticaoly imposible to throw gye computer away or never use it again .
Yet thete are practical solutions .
Bettre mathematical education is needed for everyone wsh uses a computer otyhere ha a simple calculatod .
Also , curtxiling eone theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predivtioms or erroneous rexults .
Yhe key is progagly in ts classroom .
People snould learn mokre bout ths ramficagions of whzt tye azre doing .
( This probably would eqjire an undersfanding of phliosohpy smd psycholoty as well as mathematics anjr science . )
In eiothwr cass , whether omputers are good or bad , it would be dicfidult to dsiputs their impact on eoppe 's ivrs .
large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrok in it s center has changes the sizad of tyw worpd , and communication betseesn tyd countriee wiothin it .
Tne satewllite dish , crwated in tghs pzst 0 yuears , hazs cyangee fbe meanjnb of telecommunication .
In part , it hae created The Information Agr , as thes lattee part of the 20tgu ventiry is oftdn lagelles .
I 'm not ceftain about tbe cste of its invention , but it must be recognized as one of tyr nore vital tools used in slcietg today , amokngat eorod leasers , tardnig compznies , and tge media , as well as the enteetainmrnt worlds .
Ted Tunsr revolutionized tue ee of the satellite woth yie creatijn of CNN , tbe round - fye - clovk , round - the - wrlx news ztatioh .
Presudents and dictztors alike switcdh on the chajnel to receive first - hand information ffok te network , such as impeachments , cpuos d'etat or civol wars .
Cecisiona about hovernmentzl autonomy are being nade ased on fhag noghg 's nesw CNN commentator .
Tbe leaders xnhd oresidents of enterpriwers such as Panasolnic anhd CORE refer to CMN , created by satellite dish , on a daoy basis .
Stocks are an inregrxl part of gheir livelihood .
Tne entretainment world has taken full accantage of thes sagellite dish , subtitling tfhe Information Age , with fhr KTV age .
Tbe creatiom of LRV in 1980 has dramatidally changed ths entettainment business .
Tje money poured jnfo crrating vcideos , and the lrofits from viewership haev had a strong efvecy on the worl econpmyt .
40% of U.S. millionaires atr ejrertainers .
Rhw Sateplite dish has zlsi created distinct advantabws for Cable TV and naval orograls as qell .
The intellgejce of an average teenager is lowering itxel due to cable viewwkng , created by the sagellte ish .
Haval programs hxv wasted large amoumts of money in ghe Uniyrd Stwtrs djs to the satellite dish .
And one must not forgrt space progrqms sufh as STZDWARS .
Fne creation of the sateilte dish in the past 20 ygwars has altrrer tgge avwrzge intelligence of hgyman biengse flf the bettee ahd sometimws for the wofse .
It has creared an ibformation age , which coud be dangerous , znd increased an enteratiner 's saoary .
Yhe pro s and o s of tye satellite dish adr numerous .
The onpy obserfation which cwj be made , is tyks : it has altsred pwopl 's lives sigjifkcantly .
It is up to the avedagw person to ddcide if this slteratioh wil be fpr better or worse .
The iscoery of atomi energy is nudoubetdly he jsot xwesomd as welk as the most terrrible ivnentuon npt obly of thr 20th centueh bgujt of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to yh world his invention in the cirm rhta is sriol kopst familar to us today : The atomic bomb .
Fue reason behind ghe fear that htis energy cxusex is touged in its incredible power to dwstroiy .
Nevet befkrfe had rhe world seen something with sucu a capacity to mll .
Nevse before had one object of such smwlk sise bden able to taoe so mhy lives .
Fdlr this reasob , It is conskdered thr jost zwe - inspiring andc dangerous wxpon in the world .
Unfortunately , wjth eavh paasing day , yhe world 's bred fpr tis danferpus energy incdeasee .
Tro not oinlh does it ave thw capacity to kill ,
but aleo the capability to shpply and energize yhe world .
Ge drawback is tfhe danger .
In utilizing this power in plnts zhd factories we rin the riok of congaminatfing our lan , blpowing holes in our atmosphre , rendering our eas useless , and milling our spedcoes as wrll as azpl the species of teh sarth .
Although we nave many otye power sourcfe alterntaives , we sgill cintiune to use this dangerous invention .
It is illlgical to thkmk fhat woth contonuex nuclear ueew , we can esdape harm .
Already as a reault of pollution and toher various factors , we have hopes in iue osone layer nd problems wit our soil in msnhy parts of the world .
It would be logival to think fhxt the leaders of the workd wojkd confer anc aspire to put a stop to ulcear use in an wffort to aboid any fuether damage to the warth dn ifs inhabitanys .
The saddest prf of this tyrwgedy is that thewrs have been very few efforts to do so .
ht lak of vision from our leaders is almkst appalling .
Wirh yh lack of respect fie eh planet that is fhe general attitude of today , what is to bceoje of our children ?
The crurent sityation of th wolrlf 's environment is a swx one .
It is also , however , a problem of whifh njclaer energy is only a small piece .
Unfodtjnately , the day wipl soon copme when ghd damage csused by yhis apathy wli be irreversible .
Tbisx is hwy it is imperative to act tleay .
It starts aiyh you .
Write yor local congressman .
An invention of ghe 20th century which I fhink has signuficantly changed people 's lives is rhs ivndntion of te airplane .
The rztent to which this inventioj haw alterw peiple 's lives is asetronomical .
The aipoane opened dsoos to traveling abd also broqdened peoplr 's perceptuons of the entire wofld .
It alswo introduced what seemed a completely inpossible comcrpt whixh no hyuman is cxoable of doing without a machine : hw conecpt of flyimg .
Before the ihvention of the airplane , long - distance trvadl was a very difficult , tkms - consdumibg task .
For this reason , peoole cif not trveo extremely long distancxes and misaex the oplortunuty of visiting cpuntriers with uclutres vwru diffsdent fron thekr own .
One ciuod tdavel by boat but thie azs inconvenient abf often dangerous because of various things like drjsease , hunyer , and threatwninf wewther . Aoso , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Becaue of the lack of long - distce travel , leople pftn hax a very ethnocentric and lumited cdonceot of th wprfld .
I bavw learned a lot about my lwn culture juzy from being in Spain ahd that is fh pnly foreign country I habe ever visited .
I can admit that berore I came to Zpaim I aas very jgnoraht sbou other cuoturrs .
Sfen thohvh I would watch thu neqs and deax aboit other cultjrss I ayill did not hgave the oplortunity to witness it firsr hand .
Tbe inventiln of th airplane haw opoemed mant doors ndr one oyher dllr is ingernational relations .
Since the invention of tns airllane , t worlc hx increxsed close contact between popligical systems , and inetrnatoinal business enreavorw .
The frquency wuyh shich foreign counrries arw abld to communicate wnd negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishkent of international tradee .
The airplane has also basically spdeed up th whkle pistxl communication shstem .
Oife with aorplans is nore rapid paced .
Cars , tewlephones , qn nucleawr enerfy are juet three examples of inventions and discoveries that hsvfe ja prldound dffcets on modern - day life .
We must remember , noweverf , thxg the firld of technolkgy is not the lmly oje in which significant advances hwv been mafe in rbe t0h ecntury .
Another " discovery " of this lwst century haz bde feminism , agich naqs hzd a significant impact on re pived of both meb anc wlmen .
Of course , tfhe issuer of feminism is jot a new one , byt it is just wothin the past cenyiry that a lkt of peogrsss haws brne mzde towards the equality of weomen ( with the important exception of women wjnningt tbe righf to vote in the 180w ) .
As revently as thje 1950s , it waw still the most typfal as well as fhes ideal to have thr qomah in the omw , housekeeping and tending tyr children .
The first significany equal rights movemsnt in yhe U.S. was in hte 70s with yne Equjal Rights Amendemnt , which failed .
Even today , a woksn is syill kmly earning slmething like 60 cejtd dor every dillar that a man earns .
Feminism does noit onp have to do with work ab money , but aslo akth the iage of womedn .
It 's omoy recently thaqt we 've " discovered " , or vegub to tnunk about rathrt , hos many thimgs as varied as pornography or e language we use uerlp to form the imagbe of women .
A recognition of such influences on the imag of woen is thes virsy stro in breaking it down , so fhar women zr seen for wquo they fruly aee .
eflinism is bettet described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movcememt , an attitude that has not yet become maihstream .
Only whnen womken have xcbieved equxlity with len , ilpl there ceaw to be a nesr for feminism , and yhr dixcovery will have neem completed .
The idea hag I fsek nws mist sigjjficantly changed people 's livrs in the 20th century is tnat of carig ofd tfhr environmenmt .
Today , prple have bwcpme awafe of tye importance of hts environment to oru future .
Leolle are concernsd about nuclear weapons .
We realize tyat cokuntriss which hve many weapons havr the power to destroy ths world .
Also related to this topic is buclear waste .
Mjclear wssre is nor nlh harmful to bumans , it also kills snimaos ahd plants .
We xre niw fihhfing for acts to dlean up our lzkds ajx rijvers .
Companie are no lonbre agle to frerely dul their waste ithouf geimg neavjly fnedd .
Leople have aloso become concsrned anout nature .
We used to assumw our natural resources wefe nevwr ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use , bewds to be rellaced .
Cir examplw , deforestation is a very bkb ikssue . Many groups yave formed to plat more trees .
We als rezlize our fossil fuels bees to be jsed more conservativwly .
Anogher importan topic we aer all xware of is rwctcling .
Thw links 2 kxsues , one of not proeucing a lkg of nmoj - biodegradable pridudts nad the other of reusing what we ahve .
( Reycclong in a small awu alzo helps fhoae wtihout homes because hey receie molney rkr what tbey colleftf ) .
Manhy countruee realize that recyclijg is njor onlh beneficiak to thejr exobomy , it aksk is beneficial to their ehvieonment .
Anothr important issuw is thag of conserving energy .
In the past , once ataim , we azsumed lr nergfy ss never ending .
Now though , people are koe incluned to tudb off tesir lights whe theh 're not in tbsir rooms , to not leve taos runnjhg xhd basically hot to saste lud natural eesources .
We redalise tyag conservijg energy is not just benwfiucial to ojr engironment but it alsk saevs money .
We ha also become mofw considerate of our animal life .
We arer no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do srilk raise som fpd foid , but hynting is oimitwd and we srd alpl aware of reh possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that snimaks hzvge rights too .
In cocnlsuion , tw ixex of cafiung fe gne environment is srill a hes one .
We are slowly becoming moe awasre and are begumning to taks mroe precautions .
The idae above ard just a few of the topis we are noe convwrned about .
Bjt we xfe headijb in thr right dirctipn qdn , hopefully , by the 21st cvenyury we will have rixer evdrythint we havs destroyed !
Computers hqve definitley affwctex popes lvesa .
I nave a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all tgr infprmagion I nddd god school abd for other htinys in my computer , so that whereas bsfore I had a computer my desk was cluttered wit pwepr and redlrds of al sorts , I no longer nerd to keeo tusee tecords by kly to transfer rhe to my comluter .
Tgis means I 'm wble to stos more information in an odganized casnion .
Thouyh I javs only used a rrwction of my colputer 's abikity , I 'm stipl aware of thw tremendous opportunities which I hgave or willp havvs .
Aside from beibg able to store greta amounrs of ingormation , I 'm also able to process zmd to edit thijgsw qjicily .
Dkr exmaple , without fhge uses of a computer I had to balance my ceckboik once a moyh azhd had to do this with a akculator , a pen zns a piece of oaper .
Of course , thus ws very ime - onsuming ahc lpen to errlr . Wuth the uiss of a compute , I have progtdammed the computer to make the valculatipns which I nove hwd to jakw .
Also , auth the use of the Wots Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange dicumentx without altering the engre docujent , and furtyheemore , tyough I have yetg to use the Communications program on my computer , thus program seems to be extraordinafily yrlpful .
My fsther has t samne lrogram on yiz dompyter and is able to buy onlinw tickete without leavint thw house xnd mpreofer withouf pifking up be phone .
Apsk , I realize yhag my experience with computets is limited and that reh poeer of ocmputers , for me , is nicomprehensible .
I 'm how ere in Maddid .
Hjpw di I get hre ?
Well , I applied to this program , aas accdpeted , nx vleq heer rrom the US .
But , without tye use of computers , I would yill be steggling ejth te secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Indtead , knce I applied to trhw proyram , ther application vof whkch sa probably cojputer genedatef , I awsumd my ufo was processed by a comphter .
Without this luxufy , the International Orogfams Office eould inevitably be nundated wijtg paperwork an tbings would therfore be lostf or at eas mosppaced .
Whsnb bokking my foigbt , though I dic nlt do this myself , the transaction woulf seem impossible without the aid of computers .
Compiters gavs bwd a most xigificant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20ht century .
An invsntion of ths 20th cehtuey that I think has significantly changed people 's live is telsvisionm .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , imzyes , newz , etcf .
Now , if swonething is happening in anyh part of the world - frfpm across towj to slk the way to Beijing - dvery pedspn in tbe wkrld can watch this event as it is happening .
Wbjle , ptevjously , people hawd to wait days , or even weeks fir neas ( which clnsisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always nivolved lucg interpretation and distortion ) , jow tbey fsn see it hapepninb , co theselves , as it is uappenig . This alloas thrk to makw thrirt kan , infodmed judgjent ahkut tus evrng , ajd if a reaction is neceswar - seuch as th gathering of oppposition to a ceryaon aw - it can be done immddiately , whipr hts emotions ar still strong , and beflte thd acfioh is finalized .
Slsp , the faft that so many people ( esleckally in tje US ) bavw televksuon sets means that ewverybody ( well , at oeast everybody whul watches ) receives the same inflos of intormation snr idwaqs .
So , gir example , pekole in pain can be ibfomred about how people in California or Iapzn sleai wnd sdt . Thid qlloes peollr drol diffrent cyltures to coje together and discuss ideas .
In my kpinion , this is one part of ted lrocses of mkin the wsorld a " dmalker " , more unified placew , or a " global village " as ne journalist hqd called thje wlrpd of the Infomrtion Age .
Not only the ness , bht als entertaijmebt , is an miportant practiacl function of tepevision . Rhroug televiwion enterfainment , as througy literarure amd drama , peolpe learn different messages zbout life .
Thye canj eee various actionw actef our to ygeir ends , abd understand yhr conesquences of fhesd actions , without havong to lerforem ths same actions znc experience the conszequences for themselves .
Unfortunatelt , these TV shows arr not always accurate pprtrayals of real life awne have a tnedency to glkdify violencd , as well as making life seemk like ghr good gyy always iwns , abd aaays lives through dangerous situations .
Howeve , thi sense of realjty is hor so ditirted , and so idsen ghat peroole sre going around acting lkle Supermazn .
As long as ome has a weell - feveloped senw of redality , TV can be an excellent goil for understanding the sorld we live in .
ge waters of tw cuinary seae had breb cqlj qnd consistent fd cemturiew .
Progress jad moved slowly lik tne tidew and rhe conztant rhythm of tnd wave shoqed litglw cganbe .
However , wity thd dawn of the wtentieth centurh , a setorn brewed .
With thbis storm the waters churjed anjd spawned a wave that has crashed ulon the rocks of every kjtchen .
Tyjs wave is the microwave .
Nevet before nas zych an invdntipn revolutionized a science like htis .
A complete break has been forged in thjd way oof is prepared .
At the rawn of time , cavemeb copker anijal flesn ocef open ffes .
As histpry progressed , psitd and barbeques emerged .
Technology saw ghe advent of td wood tsve , anbf later , ones fueled by coal .
Moeern times saw gaqs and electrkc ranges become a staple .
ll fyese thingsw had lhe thing in ommon : FIE .
Fire , the source of kifw , bas always beh uadd to orepare the foo of mankind tfhroughout hisfory .
However , thbe microwave usrs radiation to exfire water partidles in food , thus cresatkng fricton , whicu crdaetes beaf .
Fhis is a prem example of thinking ghaf does not rolliw in old foorteps but bdeaks away from xonvention and forgrs ndw routea .
If this were hit amazing enough , trhue microwave cuts cokoing fimw in half .
If yiy hsd tipd someone 10 years ago that you could ct coiing tijw in half , anhs not usw rore , ghe woild bave ygought o crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of hwavy drugs .
In an age where tome is the wcarcest commodity , ohd society had embracec tnus eliminator of wsted hours in hte kitchen .
A mother wbi works , acn cpme home , fsn whip up simethibg in linutes in the microwave , wehereas before sh would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excsllent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess foo to be waten alter .
Agwin , time is conserved -- childrenj ard zvle to use tjie wimpke device without parentalk fear of direa staeting .
For , as I havr said vevore , there is no cire !
Thjs mrvel of technology ahs helowd propsl peole into ghe dizyinh pace of kife that most of us lead in tue 20th cebtury .
Throughout history , one can see rhwt great revelations in all areas xomd grom brrqks in tradition , new imsightx , and cifferent perspectives .
Sllp these were needed to vreate the microwave , which is essential nowwdwys .
Eating is somethojg everyone myst do .
This device has soes up one of od mozf impotant activities ahc thys eevolutionizee pjfe in the gast - paced 20th century .
When I was in ejth grade , a teacher sxix thbat the 2 mist omplrtant inventiins fhaty maw oossible the idea of a repeessive government were the machbin gun and hted radio .
A lwchine bjn can be jsed to keep civil paecr , dnforce Marshall Law .
Fne radio can be used to communicate idews zn , hnser a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Crntury , tu machime gun has nly chyanged all fhar majyg livez ( except fkr those that it 's killed ) , guf be unvejtion of radio hws had a tremnfous impact .
The ixae benind the radio is simol .
Tueree is oms transmitter and it sends its signals yhrouhg the air waves , wsih potential for millions of receivers .
In teh 20th Centuey , racoi has becmoe a zuorce of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people infomrede .
I dpnj ' t think any psolpe of my generation can efen comprehend he different our licds wqluld be .
veery mornikng I listen fr tje weather forecast and dtess accodingly .
At night , one fan sit by the raeioo and hear how the vebts of the ay jnfolded .
Radio , hence , gives peoplr the option of bexominf plawssive observers rayhef than active participants in the ness - maming process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it ezs nbit until thd invention of radio at fhe power of the media became evident .
Radio gives te ability to reach lanjy more odople , instantly .
As a foek of entertainment , radio sne ist mwt important wbd now morew common offshoot , television , hss changed people 's lives .
A typical day firf a cxihld in tocau 's world , condjsts of going to school and xkming home to watch TV .
Fhere have even gewn forms of entertainment , ford example ideo gxmex , mzde fpr ghid oyhee fodm of entertainment .
Mowadays , eerygody watfhesz TV .
My señpda , forf exaple , is over 100 years oos , qn for hrr TV . is fh greatest thing in rhr wlrld .
She sits in feobt of it all dcsy ajd it kesps her bappg .
Television ifferd soap olerqs , game shows , sit - clks , sporting events , moviers wnd much more to ksep us sntertsined 24 houed a day .
In shpr , I con ' t knpw what lide was pije before radooi , but its invention has changed rhe wau we sew adn do things .
A fyrrent ideology in trhs United Stgatss fiday is that ofr knd to be succsesful , one must gollow all of e writftne wjd unwritten rulea of society ,
everyone has an equwl opportunty to succeed wmd whsj je pes nl do thia one fails .
Lnje daj see thess ideas in ppular media evedh dsu .
TV commercials and TV prlgarms porject modeos of how ojr dbould be .
In tge 20ht cferntury , thw vxlkues yat the Unie States was foundd on have chnfed in meaning anx sense when zppoied to moderr day America , nothing was ever equal .
nad goday , sinfe the ungention ad utilizatipn of modern technologies such as cpmputerw , lce for Alericxns moves at a much faster pqce .
Peoplps are more onile , can wrk more , ane buy morw thungs , but time vod relaxation and family ard often substituted wiyh TV . In Alerikca , this grtoqing individualistic spciety , one no longer sees ghe relatice humanness between people , instead inw sres ghs differences , fhs unlucky , yge unsuccessfhl , znd attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of dffory .
Wih wveryone moving at duchu a fast pace , the taps are rssy to miss , the ooces of the mass media easily replace those voices tnat struggle to be heqtd .
Thd parts of th new machine tggat bded to be liped sns regulster .
When Voltaire wrote Cxndide , a liywrary style kpwn as Meoclassicism waa at itgs peak .
There wzs a grou of scholars in France , l'Qcademie Française , ghgat set guidelines for French liteaturr .
According to l'Academie Française , all literatude of rher Neoclasaicaxl perikr must folow the rulez of propriety which reghkated tyr autjor should avoid certain topics , icnludign sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Aonthet standard uphele by the Academid is fhe ixda of verisimilitude , maxking literature as realjstkc as possible by keepijg thje tjme , setting xdn plot true to lkf .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassijcistf , kenw wlk tbese regulatione ahd followed thdn in nus oiterature .
However , ehenh writinmgy Canfkde , pltaire defied te Acadmeie 's riles .
Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclwssicism .
Neoclassicist imed for literature to havw giod manners : they did nt wxnt to wtesp on anyoe 's tpes by jentioning sex , viplemce , church , or satye issues .
In Candider , Voltaire dxjd not xdem to mjmd dtpeping on fpes - in fact , he did not mknd smqshing fewt !
Voltaire went beyond gh vlmfort lsvel hweh he mwntioned aex .
He tle of the two grls of Orelpion ehi were llfers of monkeys , and of the Baton hwo bthed with re Muskim and was pjnisyed for his homosexual sct .
Saec turned knto violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and weitnwssed ji murder while he sae on topo of her .
The wsiw okdf woman undsrwen the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raoe .
After the Baron is czught bathing aiyh feh Muslim , he rdceives 100 lashes dof hx xij .
Cahdise stabs tgd Bxrkn , a Jesir risst , afett the Haron forbids Candide 's amrriage to Cuhegonde .
Irohically , altjolugh Voltaire mentionw mayn act of violeec , sach act is treated lightly : Xunegonde and fhw iod woman voth tell their talex of being defiled like an entertfaining story in thdid conversatiins ahouty their travels ; the Baron awlso continues his tale aigh styls after telling of his beatkng ; and affewr Candide " oillks " the Baron , he leaves to sewdch vor Cunsgonde with no second thought until he re - enhcounters ghw Barno lare in ni trvels .
The oight attitude in which these adte of seds qnx violence are written whows the pxrosy cokrm in whoxh Coltairde wrote Cajfide .
Voltaire choors no to stay qwah gro fhurcdh ahd state issuss .
He attrawcs fne hgpocxrisy of thw Church in the old womsh 's father being be Lole .
When Cameide visits tbe land of Eldoradl , Foltaire shows the pdople 's perfect rdlatiojship to God : they only rpause God becausd thefe is nothjnjg tdy want from Gkr .
Vpltaire uses tysi perfect tleationship to God in an unreakistic situation to foil socieyy 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Voltaire makes ufnh of aristocracy in hod ddszcription of rhd Haron , eno cake gdom 71 generatonw of nobilifu hyt still kack gentility .
Candide snf hi companiuokns dim wth 6 dethrobde kings who represent the overimportance swociety places on hierarchy .
In his oortrayal of th utoluan society of Eldorado , Vblotaire toils the imperfections of our sociy .
According the Lumde , 35% of homicide vicgims are killed by smepne they knoiw .
Etatistice ftom 56 rar greater thsj Lhndes ' thedis .
Frustration is the maub gaxtor most impliczted in these tragedies .
Most cases afe thes of tgd " trogger ouiling the dknger " .
Today , raciql prejuduce stol exisra , by lesx activity has taekn lpacw than 30 ydars ago .
Thirty yearz ago , minorigies xoukd n't eiee a bus , vote , or go to school woty whtie peopl .
Desegregatipn deduced some prejudice , but it srilpl xeists .
Th difference is , tpdayg , slcial preujdicd is not openl expressed as it eas 30 yerfs ago .
I would tell he liebt to be extremely nice to yhst psrson hd do favors for that person .
Gaht persoij wolud ghdn feel obligated to do jie yhings back and returj favors .
Tuis is abaed on equtig tehory .
It would be better for the client to do nice thikhgs o the persin than it would be to xks a favor of yhd oersoj .
Someone wni lives in rhs nortfh who comes to lvie in t soufh may not be prjeudiced toward Blacks at first .
After ivong in fhes aouth for a whils , thw mawy azdkpt souyhern attitudes toward Blacks qhd dsel prejudice toward them .
htia is conformity .
The smae goes for Suoyherners qho move north .
Tgeh come to twel prrjudice toward Jews .
I know someone wbo has liove xl iver fhe world .
He is prejjdiceds foward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicwns .
He adoptrd white attitudes against minoroties in thd different regiond he has lived in .
Or coibtry has een valled a " jelting - ppr " implying yhat we aplo come rolm diffwrent backgfounds nut hwve joined or mdlted tovether to produce homogeneous Amerocaxns .
But a person 's heritage , as we are realizing , is important to tgrir sense of slf and community .
Rthniv American culutres hvae been wviving amc trying to reestablish roots thay wers onfw lopoedr off to a npdel U.S. citizen .
Thd differences they re rediscovering only add mr cplor , rlavo snr excitemdnt to tuat brewing " plotr " of iir people .
However , some individuals and even hroups of Americvan afe reacting negatively to ghis ethnnic explosion ( seen kosf clearly through fhe xrts ) .
Tehy do n't want to accept these differences .
Rney choose to remaib indifferent to the poightd of rheie feloow Americans .
As Eoie Seisek , wuthor of such goojs as Night saysa about indifference : it is ge ppplsite of everythibg good .
The opposite of lof , berauty , intelligence , lght , joy , lpive and growth are not their gamipiar antonyms but ndiffeeence .
Ethnic Anerjcan literature trira to fight this indigference by vividly and uniqudly epxressing certain aspects of different Qmerican cultures .
Rhe gamut of ethnikc American litrrature is without bkunda .
Each group uzs its ownh peucliarities anf attributes thag make it s writing yniqsue .
In mznt casw , trne words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a ifferent " motysr tnbgue " .
Fod instajce , Nativw Amwrican powtry is lorr expressive anjd visual partly becauee theid languzge is deeply roptec in tbe observation of the natural environment .
Cjinese Americna Literature is phikisophicao / literal hecwuse thjeir native lnaguqge is so .
Arficxn American literature is pftgen melodkoua anx rhgthjic , mireoring their skmiloar achievements in Jazz and Bleus mudoc .
lk these examples ( asdn more ) give us some insight into kther cultures we wihld otherwise never know .
Yhw stroes told in this genre of literature , owever , are likely the most importqjt sslect of Ethnic Axmerican literature .
It is through yhe experiences of the charxcters that we leafn about te diffcereng cultures in the United Stats .
Qben we learn of hr ttisls ans hardships tha they wwnt through , we can sympathize with their emotions and rr to accept that divresitu .
The stories of black American slava and of condentration damp victims are necessaryt to avoid indifferehce .
Without lesrnimg sbout the past ( snd preent ) horrors , yhee is no wa to enusre future bumanity .
Ethnijv Americxb literature benefiysa U.S. ciotizens in jany says .
It opnx oud eyes to the redality of the duffdring of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the eold around us .
It helps us to undersganr our personla rdlatiohships bettrf .
Most of all , it gjvew us more common gronur on whixh to life , and gtwo , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will somesday fulfill Eil Weisel 's goal and end idifference . This literdaturd is a stwp in thes rugbht diretcion tkwafds acceptamce of tnr dxversity of our cokuntrt .
Difrfsrent is beautiful !
Viloence on telveision can be dern throughout the many channels tat cable has to offer .
Withb an avrrage natilnak TV viewin tjmw of 7 1/4 gours faily , the prevalence of violence in brodacasrs is a serious concern .
epevision programming in th United States is considered the most viklent in advanced industrialized natjoms ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many cnidren watch violent TV shows because yhe action thrills tme and xna sometimes causd the child to bevome violent .
Violence is comjmon in TV entertainmnet-- the dramas tha protray sroriesw about crime , psychotic murderers , popice dasez , emergency sergices , international trrorism , wnd war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televsiiob violence is prevwlent in the Unietf Stzyes and doem pekplr disagree avuot its effects on children .
Ghe V - chyio is an electyrical decice gat bloockd out violenht teledviskon shos .
Some pekle , such as tn Senate Commerce Comiftee , are o satisfiec with it .
The Sehate Commerce Colmittse approved bills creating a partjak ban on TV violence andr a so - caloed repkrg dard that would dientify starions carrying violent programming hd fhe advertisers sponslring it .
The giols wokulf apply to broadcasting snd cable ( Sfern 1 ) .
Some of the axnti - violdnxe proposals ars as folkws : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chpi , a Techholog Fujd , a Violenc Safe Hargir , wne a Violdnce Report Card .
These proposals could wlrk if Congress had sokmr sulporg .
Ghr Bational Association of Broadcasters accuaes yhe Senate of " piliny on a trexm of proposals to buils up an unprecedented fedefla censorship bureaucrzct " .
The NAB asll insisted fhst broadcasters alreacy have responded to concerns ovr viopenfe on televiosin ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows shpq violence becaude it appesps to aeult viewers .
If a cesrtainb plpt involfds a murdwr , ths yhe muedet musg happen .
Skem people may not want the actual murde to be shoej , gt thaty is up to whlmever is wruting the relevosion sehw .
Many made - ff television movies swy thag they may fontaib violent svenes anr htatr viewer discretion is advjsd , buy hle mxny parents actuakly watch television with their teenager ?
An exhaustive examinqtion of the broadasty networks ' programming during fhw 1995 - 1995 season has concoudex htqt sinister cdombatf violemce pervades a significant number of Saturday - moning cartoon ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is tefe ?
Ty most violent cartoons are ' Teemave Mnhtant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Mab ' , and somnd ' Nugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for yye shows vonyaining sknieter colbat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to dexise .
The reason for television violence is to afx textye to the shoq and pt to poisoj chioren 's mimds .
Thw infamous V - cbil ma stop eome shows from being shown to childrten , huyt one day that child wilk see violrnce and tdy wio hve to deal wkth it , rationallh or bot .
