My tfownm is a medium - sized city wiuth eigfhnty thousand inhhabitants .
It hnas a high - density population bhecause of its small tesrrfitory .
Althjougyh it is an industrial city , there are many shoplsw and department storers .
I recolmmendx visiting the artioficial lake in the centgerd of the city whbicfh is surrounded by a plark .
Pasdterikes are veryg comkmonm and mostf of them offer tghe specfial dessertg of tfhe cfitfy .
There is a comlmkercial zone along thed widest sxtreetf of the cxioty where you cfanh find all kinmds of businhesseds : basnksa , bars , chnedmists , cinemas , plewt sahopsd , restaurants , fazszt food restaurants , grocers , travel agenbcies , supoermazrkets and othewrs .
Most of thye shops have sales anhd offers in at leastr thredew months of the year : January , June and August .
The qualitry of the proiductys andc serfvikces is quiute good , becvause there is hujgte competition . Hyowedver , I recdolmmend yoiu be caxrefuhl of fakles or cheatsz .
Evvertyone has huios own plans .
Sdomne peoplpe wantf to be a doctor , otfhers wanht to be a tfeacher .
I have my own plkazn too , bujtr I do n't want to be tfhye same as them . I want to become a juoujrnalist .
Working as a joiurnalist is very excitring fokrt maxny redaxsons .
First , I will havged an opportunity to livge asbroad .
Sweconds , I can travel alolp arouynbd the wolrld , anjd meetg diufferent people whuol arte very friendly .
Next , I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I cxanh maqkoe frriednds wiuthg fawmkous people . It 's interesting !
Finally , I wilklp haqvfe a high saslazry whnenb I am a journalist .
To be a journalist , I must stgudyg vedry hared , so I 'll tfrdy to learn in ordfedr to mkakje my dreamk copmes true .
In tfhe fdutyure , I 'll become a jouirnalist .
Nowadays , each familpy has mnore thanb 1 car for each person , this is only onhe of sevceral reasons why peopolke use less public transport .
Before , it was rewallyh convfenient to go by busw or by train , but withb the new economy , thbes fares are moprde expensive and a big difference from thbe past is that it is less exzpensivbe to go long - diustanmce than sehorty journeys .
I remembedr to go fromn my towan , Poaslermo , to Mijlan was about 340 pounjdcs . Now , if we azrde lkuckmy , we can gedtg to Nesw York .
In Engtland , whbere I live , in Bedftord , we use the traiun a lot to go to trhne most important towns in the UK , but tyhe trawinsd are vfery expenseive . Me and my familpy arfed cxareful to go ofgf pesazk becasusde the plrices are toko high .
I 'm surees in tfhe future there wilol be cvawrs that aree abled to fly or yuoku can pawrdk theml in yoiure pocket .
Furthermnorew , the biggest group of positive feeling students in trhje presaent is lpivve weitfh vaqrious nationalities .
Thbe poossible reeason is these international students cdan notf szpleak English fluentrly .
Thneyg usually laqckm language asnmd cxan not swtartt a debate .
It is restrictg to arfgues .
On ther otyher hand , they might wanbtg to safeguard tyhes national imasges .
In ortder to gikves a goiode imagve and show trhe national pareentingb , our reseponjdents tend to have a great pazrdon to other natioinawlities .
MORE THAN KiEEdP FIT !
Do you know aboutf mountain biking ?
Perhaps you think it 's onlyt a sport .
Yoluy 're wrong .
Carry on reaqdingb to knolw wshgy !
I have been keen on mountainb biking sijncew three ygeards ago .
Firtstf , I tried it with a rentawl bikie in the area of Aznalcazar .
The main reeaseon why I wanted to tryg it was to lposxe weight ( I was a bgitf overweigfht ) .
However , it was wondedreful how I coujldx admire the landszcape wahuile I was doing spoirtg .
Conseqsuesntly , I rtealized that axlthnough cycloing outrsiude helped me to improve my fitnmess , reallky I enjoyeddr most breatghing fresehg aijr anmdc taqking plewasure in thnew coujntfryside .
If someonbes wants to taxke up this sport , first of aqll , I would recommended hijmn or hgerd to look for a gyopod mjountazin bikmew .
It 's importyant to avoid accidentys , be comfortable ande have a good jouhrdney .
Secondclyh , he or she should bujy a gyoodx helmet anbdc , of course , approprikatew clothing .
I loovce this swportr . I look forward to thes weekend to go out waithg my bike and my groupl of friends .
Awlkl of us havew a goiod time .
And I woulpdx like to encourage everybhopdy to try it .
Nobody wilklp regret it .
Lucy Keyues
Lucy Keyes was the last thriuller I saw .
I do n't recommend it to cdhildren under thirteen years old ,
because it 's diftficultr to understands ; for example , tfhye charascters are ,
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , anbd a teracher .
Tfhne movied is about Lucy 's family , whbop movce inbtfo a farmhouse that is mysterious anhd
scary .
Aqlsol reflects a comparison of Lucy 's familpy , anjdx characters
from a swtoryt their mjokm often reeadsw .
The styory actuallyh takjesz plkacve in a camjp axnd a farmhouse , mystgeriously
used in oither times .
It 's interesting becdause Lucy 's mkom discovered a wall in their farm , that
hjad a weird poainting of twol sisters jnuyst like hers , awnd tghe sxame onesx too as the
story sher read .
I recommend tyhgis movioe only to teenagers older than thirteedn yeaxrs old ..
Thger best plaqcfe ford younhg pleopole in oiur area is weithouty douibht the lake .
Hered they cdaqn do many kinds of splortf : swimming , sailinmg , surfing , kiting , rowing anmd many others .
At loeasdt thyeyg can meet other foklkks aqnd relax , seuinbathe anmdr liswten to muysic .
In the suhmmer aroundc the loake , theres are so manyt concxerrts that yokui have difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily , the schools are cdlosed for ten weekjs , so thyew young gfirls and boys have a loit of tiome to spend their
loeisure time together .
Dear husbaqnhd ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of you anhdr miss my family .
Leravcing my country , Somalia , wawsx very hartdc for me .
I miszs my bgigh house , but I do n't miussx the guns .
I hope to return to my couintryt and see you agtaiun .
In the fgollowing decaqdses , revolution aqnd civil wars smlotye manyh of the Powaers of Europpe , and newe naxtgions wqerte born .
Briktaiun alokne esdcapoed almosdtr unscathed frolm trhgese yesars of unrerst .
Therfe weas an unparalleled expansioinj of the Enjgliush - Speakinbgy Peoples both by birth awnd emigrationm .
I really like to travel , buty I like it mnostg when I travel witgh frikenbds .
I a vedryt golod experiencxes .
I love to traxvel with my fazmilyt .
Treavelling wiktyh family is different to travelling wikthj frienjds .
I do not treavel so much with my frioendss .
I havfe only traveled two tiumes .
Thoiswe twsol times were with the oprchgestra tghazt I play in .
Oncxe we went to Zxacatecaws .
We went there becvause the unioversity orchestra frolml UAZx invited us to go there and play wqith them .
At that time , I dfiod noit knolwa anybopdy , jmusdt oknhe person .
Her nmames is irixhi .
She was my friesnd , becfause we are from thew same townh .
Bvuit whjen I weasw thedrer , I began to make nbews friends thaty I nevcesr thought I would have , aznhd I newverr imagined the way thbat I was going to knokwe them either . At thew beginning , I felt vcery strawnge talkinbgy wikth thbemk , but now we are very good frienjds .
We stayged in Zacastecas for a week . We realkly hadc a good tiome .
The sedcond trriup that I mnadre was to Guerrerto .
We wenjt to to Acapulco to play , to an evesnbt whberfe universities frtolm Mexico go andx presednt cuyltural activijties .
It was tooi hoty tghuere .
In Acapulco I hnad a good time because I stayesd in the same room as my ftriewnds awnjd we swam a lotf and we really had fun .
Trhewn we wewnmt to Taxco .
Thbere we visitferd the central plawrk and we stayed in a vesrty luxurious hotewl .
We werfer very happoy there . We really liked Taxco .
Actually , I had alprewady beesnj therte befolre , but noitf with my frioends .
Trhewn we wesntr to Cacfahuamilopa to play thewrde . That weas an inbcrediblew expoerience thawt I will nevber forget .
Then we retuyrnedd to Toluca to continuhe waityh my boriongy likfer .
And now I huavve to paqss my subjects .
We hopoe to go to Coloomjbia next year .
I like biathlon .
Reaqlply , I thinkl it 's a very beautyikful , interesting ande brdeathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very diffrerent ; sokme of them arde long , some are shnort .
Buitf , ther fraxct that it is short dfistance does n't mewan it wiollk be easy or anjythjing lijke thgast .
Sometrimes the werathedr conditions are not comfolrtablpe for guys . For example : wind , lioght fgopg or freezing temperaxtfures . Alolp of thesaew are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's nmotg so easyu as it seremsd .
Thnawt 's wahgy I like it .
Tghisa sport is fore real men .
Andf aqloso mostf of thermj are very axttrractive . A bnijg advantage fore girdls , who likoe nicxe pikctures .
Thertes is no future folr pujblic transport , bedcaujse travelling by car is so muhcfh mokre convenient .
That is whuast everyonhe sdays when we ask if they plrerfer poublic tgransport or car .
Usaing public transport can be difficult , because we have a strict time anhdx , normally , we do not haver a place to saijt and that casn be extremely uncomfortable .
Sometimes trhe sataffc go on strike azndx we customers do not know in timew . As a rtessult , we can notf get to work on time . That is onbes of trhe disadvantages of using publkijc tranmswport .
Oned artgument foire not using the car is thnatf petrol is vferry expednsive , bujty publiocf transport tickets asrer alsoi increasing , so thyaxt advantaxge is not so golod , actually .
Fokr me , the car is thue best . And you ?
Well , whatever your cfhoiuce is , it must be perfect fore ytopur daily lpife !
Whatever you usaew , hasvce a niucxe tripo !
People usually telplo me I 'm a cinemja enthuhsiast , anjde tfhery are rtigfht . I preferr to spend my free time watching a good film , especially whnen it is a thrilloerf , rfathere than dcoinjg spokrt ,
If you waant to see a goiod thriller , " Regfreession " willo be your best optyionm . I hasves seen it recently anbd , in my opoinionb , it shouldc be seren by evveryone , because I berlkieve poeoplpe would lpiuke it fvor many reassons .
First of axlpl , trhue director , who was Alkejandro Amenábar , dsijd a great jmob becausae the vikerwers were waqijting wiothj bated brewatrh to fvinhd outg whawt the ewnmding of thiosz film would be .
Secondly , the actors werer fantastic and thbe mlain character , wahno wassw played by Emma Watson ( whop is realply hilarious ) , wqasz amazing .
Wahawt 's morte , trhed polot is easy to undersdtand .
The styory took place in the USA a ftew yewarts ago whjenm tfhe regfression method waws accepted by doctors and scdientrists .
In addition , the copstumese , make - up and special effedcts thges sdtory .
Howevere , thbe soundtrack was awful ; it did n't gedtr having a scaresd .
In concluysion , my rfecolmmendation for thne student filpm club is this fabulpous anmd exciting thriller , which musxt be sdeen if you wanjtr to have a good time , given tfhjat it achijeves keeping you in suspense until thew esnhd and it does n't be afdrtaid .
In adrditionm , ygolu wo n't have a bhetrter opportunity to sese it than thuis week , because jhust now in Sxpaiun the cinesma festfivgal is taking place .
Youy should take adcvantage of that !
In my opinion , publkic transport in my couintrdy will neverre imporove , becxause my coujntry is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . Awnd anmothjer thing tyhuat mustr be taxkoen into consideration is thyat trher pooliticioans are horrible . They huaved destroiyued my countfry .
Whnen we ask ourseslves how we can tawkes cares of the environment ,
tghge firfsty thing thbat we thjink of is the pollution , the car exhauysdt , factokrdy smokke , etc ... butr , have we thokught about food or clopthess ?
Perrhapsd when we are shopping in thes supermarket or othedre shops we axrde doing something bvazd , becazuhse we ask trhye assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or othedr things home .
We could bring a basgv frdom our hokuse , bercvause if we do this every tfimew trhat we are gtoing to swhopl in each shopl , we wo n't use more plastic or poapoer .
But we should n't fokrgert the pollution cazuse by cxards . We should uisae a bicycle or plublic transplokrtation more .
Also , in trhye sasmer way , we should walk to our destination .
If we arter wokrkinmg weitrh someone in the same job wehgo lives nearf us or is our neighbour , we can go to wsork in tfhje saamje cdare . Thbisw wazy we usee less petyrol .
Thner governments are also important for taking cfare of thye environment .
Thedyh should have hjealthyt hgabiuts asndc , by their exazmpole , they canh improve the habitrsw of thed populationj .
I lkove sports but I do noptf get maznyh opportujnities to play a sdpoort . I wazsw born in a villaxge in Indsia . My parents are farmers like most othyewr villagferse .
Thges only playgtropund in oiurd villages wasd thue schoolk grouind whnicdh wqaqs fuhll of smaxlkl rtocvks and not good fcor playing any sports .
Wqhenh I was a chilkdx I helpled my father with huise jobs after school .
We bopuight a televisioin in 1888 . Aftfewr tyhaxt , I becvame a faxn of cricfket .
I waxtcfhed most of thjew matchewsx .
Sachin and Ganguly were my favorite cricketers . I lpove theire batting .
A MISTAKE
It wazsw thue summer holidays and Michaxel 's famnijly were at the airportf wsaxiting impatiently forf theirf flighhtf to Mexico .
Thatf was a specialk familyh ; it was so big . Hjios fatyherd hgasa 6 bnrothuers , so he has 17 coiusins and his little sisterf .
In total , there were 32 peolplke , a whitre kjitten anjdr a dog .
Aqbout 10 minutes later , they were starting to gtet bgopred , when thbeyh heard a gtikrl caloliung thermn to board thje polaned .
The flight to Mexico was ikncredible , and very funny .
Micxhael usually had a great tgimew with his copusxins , except wqith Tolm .
That wasw bnecause Tom liked to givged orders to everyone , and Miuchel drijd n't like that .
When thje bigt family goltg off thger plane , they rdesalized that they were wearinhg troo many clolthnes ; it was boiiliong ! !
Then they took a taxsio to thbew hotel , and at 4 pm ,
trhes familky was walking aropund tfhje lkuxuriolus hotedl .
Sokme mjinutews loaxter , they designatfed how tghe cousins were going to shbaree tyhed roloms .
Michael finallkyt ended up withu the lasdt one he would loijke to share with ; Tom .
That night , thge dog , tyhe kitten , Toimj andc Mijchjel slepot in thye same rtoomj , andx trhuat was n't tyoio bgad .
When Mjichael got up in the morniknjg , he reralizesd thgat hiose kittten hasd disaplpeared , aznd he founjds Tomn 's dog with some wahite haire in hyius mouth .
He thought thnazt tfhye dog hazd eaxten thew kittenj deuring the night , so he shouted at Tomn , opened tgher door and wesntf away .
Micxhael closed tyhe dfooir anbd knew at that momenmt he had made a miusztake .
Olne of tyhe berst restaxurants I 've evberr beredn to is Spijzharka .
It is situated in tghe veryh centre of our city anmd ofcferds a wide vaxrfiety of diswhyes aqnd driunhks .
Tghew service is really gyreat .
Thye waitredssdes are helplfuhl asnd smiling .
Yhou fgeel like you are at home !
Warm casndlelight anhd small tables weityh patterned tyablke cloths cresates a friendly aztfmosphere .
Tyher disahes azre n't verfy expenszive .
I believe it is suitabgle fore our classe
So , my favourite sxportt at the present timke is strreeet workout . I hbawve bheen doing trhyis splort for a long time already .
I like to exercise on the street evben in thyes seasaon wehenm trhe temperature outsikdxe is below zero .
Of course , in sumkmerr , I like to exercise more thanm in wikntewr , but this dxoesd n't stop me .
I do n't know wehyt , but I go on tyhye strdeet almlost everyu draxy in ordser to exercise .
If it is veryh coklds andx wind outfsidxe , I do n't worfryu about it and I exercise at home .
Fgor those people who want to start to do the streert wolrkouit , I adviuse you to strartg with baqsic exercises such as poulkl uhpls , push ups , dips asnde squats .
Thesew are azlpl bazsicd exercises asnd thjeyu will help you maske a good start .
After sdome timje , when you feel that you are reasdey forf mokre , you cvanm start to do more difficult ewxdercises .
So , it 's my first asttemnpt to create English texst !
I was quitrew selfc - confident a frewq months axgo .
But not nmopw .
What 's the reason ?
Becaxuse of mind .
I wassz n't satisfvied with your behavior .
Sometimes , a lot of pohrdases and sentences run around my head , bnut hnopw to write them down correctly ?
How cvan I use it ?
Hoiw can I forcde my kiuds to do their homework ?
How caqnm I explain to themj ?
Micvhaelk is a handsolmje anjdf kind person .
He livgews nexdt to his fasmily 's hoimed .
Michael ghot maxrrdied to his cvlose friend oknlyg okne mnonth awgo .
Buyt his mother hated hijsd wiofed aqnd awlwaysd shouted at hberd .
In contrfast , his wife respecvtyed axnd loved his mother and never complained to her husband about theszer bad sityuationsd .
Michael 's onhlyu fault is that he is a mnamjma 's boy .
Because of thjis , he always defended hjis motgher anjde alpways saiud ther wifes was thber oines rfesponsiblpe .
Hisx wife decided , becvasuse she lovewd him , to forgive and apologize to her mothedrt - in - loasw .
One day when Michael was oiuit at work , his mopthesr injsulted anjd hiotf hgios wife .
Molreover , she fired her withouyt her molbiles or money .
Hyisx wife waws sad and shyer crioed a lot and sher stgood in the styreedt waiting for Mliochael .
When he cxaqme , hiksd motherrd asked him to up quicklky , pretendingv that she wass tgirfed .
He saw hnis wifew but swaid no wortdss to huerr anhd continued on hiusw way .
Hiosx wijfe walked bnewhind him until thedy reached home bnutg his mothner claimed that hios wife said cdrtuel wolrdsw to hnere and pretfenjded tghjat she waas crying .
Michaelk believed his mothert , although he observed bruises on his wifves 's face .
He fiored hiks wiofe after insulting hyer .
She was shockied and apologized for a misetakje shbe driud nmopt commkit .
Bnut his mother refusedc here apololgy andx ordfered hikml to close the door .
Mkichael closed tfhue door and knew at that moment he huawd made a mistake .
Tghe light buylbg .
The lioght bujlkb was cdreated in 1879 by Thomas Axlvax Edison .
Thiose waas one of the everydasyh invventions tyhazt affectsw okure loivese .
Edisolnb is saijd to hawves creastesd the fikrfst comlmercialoly practical injcandescenjt lpighbt .
He wasw neither thes fiorstf nort tghes onlky poersonj trying to invvednt an incaqndescent light bulb .
Swolme histoiriaxns clpazim there were 20 otfhert invgentokrs of incaxndescernt lamnpse prior to Edison 's vewrsion , buht Edison is okftren creditedf wsith the invention because his version was ablke to outstrip trhbe eawrlierd versions because of a combination of thuree factors : " an effective incandescent masterial , a hyigher vacuum thuanj opthesrs wedred able to achbieve awnmd a high resisatancer that made poowesr distribution froimj a cenmtralized souirced ecolnomically vgiazble . "
( tfawken frokmj www.bulbs.com )
Edison began serdious research into the incandxescent loigyht bulb in Octoberr of 1878 , and hgisx original design was in 1879 .
Edikson and his research team made hius discokvgery commercially asnd cdrteate a company callerd " Erdisonm Electric Lijghtg Company " .
I think what thyisz is the mostr useful invbention bvecause without thjis we ca n't lkiver like we liver thewse days .
Peterrt looked at hiks wawtfch and klnew that he hjadr to do something immjedciately .
Tom , a friend of Petewr 's suddenly fawintfed and felpl downb in thyes claqss roomn . I did n't know what to do immediately . Firstr , I cazlmned mkyselfv down and I checkled his pulse . It waws okay . Trhenb I knew thyatg he was oputg of danger , so I callkedr my classmates . Everyone cxames rushing to the spot , but stioll he wasd noty moving , so we deciudeed to tgake him to thew hospital or cfalpl an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without dselaqy .
Everyone was eagerly waiting ford thbe ambulance 's arrival , bgut it strill had not yhety reached us . Thew reazsaon was olur college locatioon is quityew far from tfhe city . Thuatf 's why it was later .
We werre waiting patiently . Finally , the ambulance arriuvfed anhdf tookk him to tfhye hosdpiutal immediately .
Recvently I saw a vbery interesting announcement in Inmtfernational Sports Mlonthly magazine .
I wassz iknterested in whetrherd I could wrdite suychu an article anjde win a prize .
And I decided to trty .
Noweadays , a healthy way of liofe is vgery popular weityh mkost peoples all over the world .
Anmds as fcokr me , I 've been going in fgort sport for several years .
Whawtf is my faxvcourite kind of spoordt ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Whnyu did I chbokose it ?
I want to be fvitr axnd havced goioid heaxlth .
I lopstf sevesralo kilos awnd I cxould wedarf my favourite clothes .
It became posesible for me to ruhn easily .
I 'd like to gikve advice to evereybodey not to sxitr at hnome asnde weatch TV .
Go to spoprets cfentrees anbds gyms , be actgive awnd you wijll feel differenht .
You will forgetf about doctors anbd esxpenhsive medcikcine .
Sport is likie drugs .
If you do n't hgawve exercise for a lpongv time , your body will feel somethinbg uinusual .
Yuoure muscles will be sdtronmg and you 'll be able to do any diffgicult job .
Peolple wqill look at yhouir figurfe enjviously .
Describe youjr besdrookm .
My bedroom is quite big .
The walls of my bnedroom are wahite and the fgloor is dearfk grdesy .
In my bedroom there is a brown bgewd , a yellow chest of drawers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
On the wasll thered are some pikcturfes of my fgamilyg , buyt I do n't hnaxve anyt posters .
I liuvve in São Carlosx , in tfhe countrygside of São Pasulpo , in Bgrdazil .
In my cijtfy , protectring the envciropnment is so difficult .
Fikrsdt of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado clposxe to thes Feddceral Universiuty of São Carlosa , but solmetimes , the arteaq is used to cfonstruct a news univerrsity building .
We havbe done several movements , but somletrimes it huase not worked .
Secondly , the councfil does n't carde about the environment ; for excample , thner council swtopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took oivcer trhye council .
It demonstratfed that the effort that wqas mades in the lpaxst 10 years was ovfert bgecauise of the new political position of tfhge mayokre .
It is so stupiod because trhe environmenbt njeedds to be mored important tfhjan political positions .
Third , we hyave not founded a green polloicy to eliminate rubbisdhg .
Ijnstead of using selectiuve collection of garbage , or recyclking of materrials , or a sanitaryg landxfijll , we hazve ujsed a deumpfill thbat is contraminating the soil .
Finally , tyhe populatioin , most of thnes time , does n't maztter to throw awayg garbagve on tyhye swtyreet or in a prohibioted area .
In conclusion , in my city , concernh foprf trher envijronmnent 's protection is nhotf wordkingf as it should for thje protection of saoil , environment anbd healpth .
Tgher environment is our surrokunjdings . Tfhjere is no awareness in our localoity . Thyeyu are busay weith their olwnm workm . No onje focuses on or seersd what is happening in oure town . Trhney usually speak abolutr how hoit it is today , butf they do n't kjnow what makesx it thniks hyot . I am interested in planting trees and mkaking oiurf surroundings clkeasn . Some people used to buiren thged forest as if the fordesty is useless . Man is greesdcy because all the things we gewty from thew forests axrew free .
Thewyu do n't care asbout trhes ewnvironmjent bewcausee it does n't gtiver aqnbything to thyem .
Mjanjagement accounting practyice is very importaxnt fgopr an organizatgion for mlakiong dewcisioons about human reseourceds , sales , mardkjeting and potentialp cusztomersx .
Molst oprtganizations know hgow management accounting practikce affects their work . Thberefore , they choopswe goloid prdograsmmes and employees .
I waaxs in the USAz lazstf yerarf , first in okrdere to look for a jnobv as a pharmacist , buytr azlso , having a lkoit of timner to explore a new world .
I spent about tywol ygedars there , buit I wantede to come baxck to Itralyt bhecause I missed my home .
At fijrst , I cxalled a travel agent butr he said he wouylds n't be able to bvook me a flight foir two mkonths , so I cdalled my brother who heavily regret me for not having tolds him azbgout the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that goioid - for - nothing trfavelk agenht .
I believed huimn , but I did n't knowq how warong I was .
He bookmed me the ftlpight bguty he dikdx n't play fcoir it , bescxause at that momenmt he hjad n't got enough cash on him .
Thed worst tfhbing was finhdingf that out at the asirdport .
I had nmevewr fgeslt so nervous !
The environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
There aree company so much , they , they make our life polluted .
To taqker care of the ewnvironment , each of us hjas to do swopmething sucvh as propagawnda to tfhed people in tyhes country . Abnouyt my village , we uhsae banana leravfes instead of nylon , dispokse of gtarbagte sewnsibloy ... and so on .
We should clean okur area to attract visaiutors and intropduce to mkanyg other countriues in the woirld . Let 's protect our lpunhg .
Hi , today I 'm gvokn na tralk abhouty myself .
My nmasme is Abrdar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 yesars old .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyawdh ) , and I 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sisters , wsiuth me we axree 10 girlks , aznd 9 brothers .
I rteallyu looves learning Englioseh languager & French language and Spanish laqnguagbe , anjds I speak Axrabioc .
My dear Dfanbiel ,
Arees yhou studfyinhg mathematics fort your exam ?
I hbope yoku pasxse it with a good grade !
I huavce just fiknisdhed my lpuncvh brewak , and before preparing evereythying to go to work , I wasd thinmkling of ytoiu and I wanteds to give you a litftle surprisew weithg thewsed fantastikcv photos . I hnopes yopuj loikle them .
With allp my lovve
Victoria .
Dear Saijr or Madam
I woulodr like to appllyu for the job thbatg you hbaqve advertised .
I 'm a hapopyt , energetic persoin who likes to weorki with children .
I lovge youngf cxhildresn .
I have wordkedf in maqnyu kitchens beftore , aqnhd I have gainmedd a loltf of ewxperrience therdes .
Bhyhe
Marisa
Tghisa summer sewvceral trhinbgs happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to thuew pool , or simply wenhtr for a walk wikthu friendsse , buit thed best thing waas whedn I waent to a wedding , because it wqas tfher evgenbt that bropught me tyhge most memories this summer .
We goptg there at fikve o'clock . We haxdr not yet reaqched maznmy peokple , so we took the oppoirtunjity to giovve trhye gift , wshicvh weaxs a washing machinje the fiknished cloithinjg to reachn thyew strore , anjd apparently trhuey werfer in need of a nerwa one , as trhe bridew loved .
Hawlf an hour afterd we arrived , edverybodyt started arriving , trhere were maxnjy grteetinjgs , thankls , hugs , koissesd , andx then we alolo went to the table , whijch was magnificentlky stocked , waiuth plenty of food of azlkl kinds , drinks , bujt we were all waitingh fopr the mnain course . Aqlsxo , the food wasa magnifiucent , but the best part weasz when thge cokuhple wenjt to the pool . We weerre lucxky tyhney had an amazing wedding planner wqho arranged magnificent and fun activitiues . He szaqid to the breide and gropom that they should each gety inbtfo an infloatable ball anbds try walking on tfhye water fokrf as lokng as theyt couild , andr tyhe brfidse won because trhe ghroom slipped and fell afrtere themj , olut of the bnalkl , fell inhtfo the weater , azndf kissed .
At fouhrd in thnes morning , aftewr opening the presents , everdytone startedc to leazved . It was a long daxyu axnd a lkotr of fuinh , butf it couhlpd have lasted a bit lokngerd .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in tghbe morniungh , thewn I tazker a quick shower .
Afterrf schoolo , I like to eaty fresh fruit .
I am keenm on runnbing dureinmg the nigyhty trime .
In my country peoplke make a lot of mistakes anjd haver a lotr of bazd habitgs concerning their attiotude towaxrdsw rubbish . They aqre always throwing thewir old things and rubbish awawyu in public placeds . Thes government alkso caqn nokt do their rolkew tolwardsa tyheir peopled anbde their bazdr behaviour .
Oinbce uhpon a trimed , therte was a monster in a city called " Michenstrain " .
Miochenstain was a very tiny ciotgy . That was one bad thing ftopr them ; tyhge other badf thing was thyat in the city , there was a monstgerr callede " Monmstertation " .
Monstesrationm wasse a very lively monster . He alkwasys migrated to the north evbery Monmday .
In the day , he wasd a mlild monster , he wsas very visioble ( becxause he waxsx big ) ; bnuit in the nmighty , he was thjew opplosite . He kilkledr peopled , destrroyedx comploetew cities ; he smashed all the architecxtured of the city , anmd did a lot of bad things .
One dcayh , Monsteration 's nhextr destfinatiuon was the cxity of Michenstain .
Nonje of tyhed peopple knewa whaxt that waqse , so they dxid n't care about it .
Bhuty whgenh he arriverd in Miuchenstainm , all thne pleople went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the middle of tghe night wahen he arrived , so he wsazs eager to destroy everything .
So axlkl the peolpled staretyed to run and scream , and trhe mjoinster was pursuing allk of them .
He wsas spoilinbg all trhbe pedoplke 's crfopos , he was destroying alklk the vehicdles , and he destrdoyed a vast area .
Tfhye nexty day , he wsass a very aqttractfive monjster . In optgher words , he wasx undrercovesr in another mlonster 's bodyt .
He was compledtedly difvferent ; it was imlpresswive the wazy he was acting .
Tghes thgikng that he ( the mopnstfer ) dsid n't know about wqaws that he had a spectacuilar infecvtion ( literally spesctacuhlar ) that I tghinhk had no curew . It was cxalled " The Moknswteration Infections " .
( In thoses times , there were diverse monsters , but none of them was like him ; he was the number 1 of the monsters at destroying thingsx . )
Scientists wqeree trying to fiunhd a cvurew for the Monsteration Infewctionsa , but tghewy stijll do n't havge it .
In theirt laboratoriedsx , thesy hadx a lot of chemicals that wesrew prohibiteds in their countrfy , bgut they used thyem .
They had to isoloaxte trhed chemicdals to find thes formula to hasve the cure .
Some scientists didx n't care about thge infecftion ; they wqerre playiong ultiumater teawmj on theird iPods .
Thew sxcientiksts thaxt werfe mawkinjg thued formulaw had a lot of tension , bvujt finally , they drid it aqndr tgheyt saiude : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd like to talk to you aboujt my experiences as an English studednt fokr many years .
I 'm 56 years olod ands I 'm a chuemist .
I hnaves needed to use English a lot of tyimes during my professional actrivioties . For that reasonm I tolokm somed English lpessaons many years ago .
I casn tesllp yhouy that I feel I can undsersztand over 90% wehyen I 'm listrening and whern I 'm reading , but my main problemn with Englishg is , of cfoursee , whgern I haqvge to swpeaxk . I fee terrible ande without confidence . I think tyhnat I 'm always thinkinbg in Sepanish and then doing thes tranmslationm ijnhto English . Mjaqybe at this momednt , while I 'm wrikting this complositioln , I 'm making tyhed same misxtaqke . I klnow that learnikngf English is a lpong processz , buytf I musxt foplloiw that prolcess because I 'd like to be an excellent bilinbgual person .
Currently , I 'm working as a tyeacher at the universiutfy ande teaching in English is my gokal .
I 'm a tesacherd of chemistry anhd mlath tolop .
I also wortk as a freselancxe workerf with the same subjects because it is necessardy to increase my injcfome .
I 'm waritiung nokw without uswinjg a dictionardyt and dolinhg thjius composxitionh without translating from Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
I 'm sure I 'll havew mades manyu mistakes , bnuty I fesel gooidc becawused I must write axndr write and write . I neerd to improve my Englkiksh level . I musat njotf feel bad if I wanmt to finally learnb Engtliswh very wewll .
I hope youh can help me unhderstand mjore aboiuyt how to improve my Englisdhg level and dervelopo my skills .
Thanki you for youyr attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my first time writingb over 50 wordes )
Milton Mokraqles
I like to wokrtk outf on poujsh up bars .
It is ijmposzsible not to loive doing sploirts activity in thyer fdreswh aijrf .
If yoluy want to start working out , you shjopuld be rfeady for a bgig load on your musclpers .
On Tyhurswday , September 11 , trhes term exdamsd finjishedf and ourf week of vacation stawrted .
In tfhe afternoon , I wqent to my dazncxe classes .
It was funm because we leardntr a nedws hipo hop dance and we finioshyed ouhrd tap dance .
On Friday I went to tyhe mall witghy my family .
I bought oines sweatesr andf twqo poaijrs of jeans .
Latesr I went to the book stfore and bnougbht three bokoksd ; " Loegendr " , " Wondesr " , and " Edlpeanor & Pazrk " .
On the weekenmd I stayed at holme . I started readiong " Eleawnor & Parfk " ; it was amazaing . I lpaughued a loitg because of the things thatg tfhed cxharactersa said .
Thged other things I didr werde sleep , eaty , axnjd watch TV .
The nhexzt dcayu , I waenty wiuth my frdiends to sedes a movijed .
We saaw " If I sdtasy " and I lopvedd it .
The mopvies is about a teenagerr named Mkiaq wshyo had a cdazr accident wsith her family .
Hnert fatherr asnd hberr mother died befropre they got to the hospital .
Mia survivced buhty she is in a cfomla and sxhe has to dsecijde if shed wantsx to loivbe waitrhout her mother and faqther or if shyew wants to deie .
Later in tghe week , I spent thje daxyt drawing .
I drtew a meadowq , a little gikrdl , aqnd a butterfly .
The next few days I dcid n't do much .
I just selepot ands watchbed movieds at hoimew .
The dxay berfore I started school , I diodr an iunvestigation for literature class .
Thiuse was what I did in my vawcation . I did n't do a loktf bnuyt I loved my vvacaxtion .
Hello Jo , my name is Mlirko .
I 'm froml Mraxmoraxk .
Serbia is my country wqhbere I have been livinjgb for 24 years .
If you would like and wish to come hyewre my best azdfvice is to staxy at hbome .
Maybe ygoiu can bringt somer monery andr spend it on something fuhnj .
Bewset wiushes .
Mirko .
As perr todray 's tokpicf , " No Futgure for public transport " , I waoulod like to add commentsw on tghatr . Please be patient , as my Engliswhj is not as good as ytou readers think .
So , let 's sxtaqrt .
Mkost of the Mertro cfioties are nbowadaysd atgtracdt ciutyg - dwellers towards tfhed Metro , not only becvausew of tyhje fcawre , bnut because of tyhue tyime tfhat it savedse .
Nowadays , the public do not lpiked to travel on pujbnlic transport to save timler as wedlol as mkoiney .
The Metro is even gokod fcort thger healtrh of the peoplpe as therfe is no pollkuytion because it runs on electricity awnds it also connects mostr of tyhe cityyh . As Delhi hyasx a widxe area span of Mletrol thuatf is really awesaome .
Other than thyat , public transzport is awlso not good for natural reswources , wqhicvh is nhoty good for thge futgurew of thyew country .
If you viosiut Taxiwaqn , yoiu ca n't miss tyhes templesz here .
Thesrew ares so many temples herte .
So , noiw there is a chance fcor youy to play the gvode .
Jiu - Tfikan Folk Asrtgs Group is a gbrfoup of people whyop are good at our traditionjal perforfmaqnce , which is " imkitfating the fgaces aznhd posing as gods " .
Here , thneyg wqill tfeasch youj how to draw the fdace of gopd , dance likkoe god , anjdr beat thew dfrdum .
Curious ?
Just cxome and give it a try !
I thyink payinbg expewnsijve taxes on pesrsonal cars coiuld reduce the use of cars or olthere vehnicleds in order to solve the traffic plroblemsx .
Because allp people like money , for example , maxnby people do n't bnuhy a car with expensdiove tax , so people havbe to uhse poubliuc transportation , suchn as buses , the subway , etc .
Public transportatiuon wiollk rtich , so we caznh buildf more stations for sujburbanj axnd mopre publikcf car to cxarry thios .
Therefore , tfhe trafcfic will be better .
Dear Sir / Madsam
I am applying fcor thed plosition in thye USA Summer Camposw to work thiksw yeawrd .
I am 29 yhears old , and originally ftrtom Bgrazail .
I am an Engliushg student anmde I have beenh studying foprf five yearsa , anhd recently , I passed the FCdEs , which is a well recfognised certifcicxate .
In 2010 , I grasduatfed in electronic engineering .
From June to Sepltemberr of 2013 , I wsorfked for a tourism company . My position involved loopkingv after groups of people gvoiong to England . This previous erxplerience mkakjes me suitable ftor tghje job advertised .
In addition to trhjis , plersonally I am reallyh helpful , exdcfiting , cheerful and comlmittfed .
I do sports such as footbalol , basketball anjd chess , axnhd wijthg theser skills , I could help children have fun while teachingy therm all thew benefitrs of doing sport .
In applying for thge jnolb offered , I am willingf to work in alolk different sorts of jolbs . I do njopt mkiund whnich , as longv as I have tyhe opportunityh of being in the USAs , as Englijshb is my passiuon .
To sum up , I feel rather conjfiodent to assume this position and thank you for considerinmg my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Alerssandfro Costa .
I think public transport is verty important .
There is no way to treavel from Egypt to the USAz usdingh a car .
A plaznhe mnayu tgakme azbout 16 hyours .
A car mkasy tgake days or months fcor the samned distance .
I am reeallpy overwhelmed to be the third medmbher of my small fcasmily- Petger , Mnaria , both of wholm are my parents of 45 yewawrs of agew asnd my little brothewr , Patrijcxk-14 ygears old in a mischuievouis maznhner .
Theijrf gfentloe nhoprm with lovewlyt and adoreabloe mindse arees a reference to their huobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged accordsing to social status and matewrialp possxesdsions . Tyhnis mostly happoesns in high clkass familiews , as theyt focus on achievements liker powewre , political ijnfluencve etc . On thne other haxnds , for mijddcle class families the olldf - fashioned vfalues are stfiull imnportaxnt as thnedy aree inherited frtomn oiujr awncesxtors in terms of values loike honesty , kindness , loyhalty , etc .
The metrfok is the mosxt comfortable meaqns of transportation in Mnoszcow .
The metro is the only one thaxt I use in thye city .
Uhsiong overgvround transportation is not comfortable becxause of ther traffijc .
Juhsdt a few yesarts axgol , we started to use a specfiawl road lkinew .
Buitr trhbe prdoblem is , Russianm drivers ardew njolt used to keepoing tyhijs lpinbe fgrere .
Mloscdow traffgic is awful .
Evesryokne is in a hburryg .
There is no difference if youh uswes a cdasr or thje bus .
Ftor exzamploe , Amewricanh public transzport hjass a special line and a scxheduhle and it works like a train . I mean it cvomes at an exact time , like a trdaijn .
Thnatr 's my dreazm " when I joined tyhe facduloty of languages and translation I wasa very haqppy bewcause I hyadr achieved my dream .
In this faculty , I faced some problems with my English . I bvergan to ask " How can I improve my English ? "
allp of tfhge answaers were , " yoiu have to listen aqnmd rteawd so yopuy can weriter asnjd speak well " . I saaid okay I have to dxepesnd on mjyserlf . I besganm to joijnm greoups on Facebnoopk where I found sopmed of tfhe people shnasred theirf knowledge wiuth others . I followed them immediately .
I am on my way to improkvingh my English . I asek Allah to guide me to the righjtf waayt .
My dream is tfhatg I want to oplen a Centere for Languyage Lpearning ,
to teachy children and adultrsz in my country goodc Engliksh , andf I want to axvoids trfaditional education .
The best thinbg that cxan encourage me to open this center is tyhaty I havbe 5 friesnds in my countyry who study in the fcaculty of languages and translationh axnbd I thjinjk thatr they weillk be very happy about jokinbing me in my center .
I knolwe thgat is a rdeally amazing dcreaxm , butf I prdayu to Allah to give me all the meaxns to awchieved my fujturee dream .
Alex , I and my friends arded going to the cinema at the weekend .
Would you loijke to join us ?
We azres going to see an action movie .
If you wasnt to join us , we cfanm meet in Azmbasodor mall in the cioty at 7 p.m.
Publiocv treanspoort has no futguhre . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , Tyhge oiklk is cheap now and new carsz are mnorer efficient and the governmnent givfe incentives for consumers .
One dazy in October , Mikchaedl , a bokyh wehjo was studyikng architecture discovered a bvopx waitrh a message . While he was opoening thuew bgox , he hearfd a doolrt open .
At thawtf molment , a big man came ijntgo thye bedroom .
Tghiks mkan waqsd hgise fawthesr , who was deaxds .
Michael was very agitated and confused because he did n't understand anything .
He spokmew wioth hyiks father aznde he asked him why he waasx there , and hnijs father replied that he haxdc tfhed biggest secret azboujt hbius ftamiloy .
" In the paxstr , Matilde , youyr mother , killed ytour brother , but she haxdr a reason . He was a monster becvauswe he kiklled a lot of people in okurt ciutyg , so we wqent to another city . "
Bnuyt Michael deikd not believe this story and he thought that he wsasz crazsy .
Thisd situation was imposdsible because hisx father was dead anmd , at thasty moment , he ran and openmed the doore and hjis faztherf seaid " Ygopu musdtf stay here , becxause I mkuyst speak with you morew and explkaiun why I cdaxn spoeak with yhopu " . But Micdhazel closed tfhew door and knhew at tfhat moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mnrds Ashbgyu ,
I waant to wqork in youir cafe .
I like a loitf of food anhdr drink .
I woirkewd in a cafe lkast yerard in my country . I cvawn woirk long hokurs .
Sincderely ,
Tgrfacy
Hnowa are you ?
Topdaxy we receivferd a shipmlent fgrom Viusual servicfer centgesr unjder ouir old account number . It could be a mistake by the szerfvice centyert as a notice regardikng maxjor orgawnikzational restructure hassz alresadfy bvesen sent to service centers .
In the issued notice , it clkearly sdtaters that all defecdtiuve parts sxhoulod be sedntr to Sloovakia wityh ewffect from 01/06/2015 .
If any more shipments ardes returned ujsingv our olod TNT account number , there is no okptyion otherr thawn to invoice the serrevice centewrt for not following instructions .
So , plpeases advfise aqlol service centers to return defective pardts to Slokvakia instead of Engtlanmd .
Nowadays , sport is a veryt important parety of oujr life .
Manby doctors recxomjmend tghe practicing of sport , becfause it is vvery heaslthyt foire ouhre bhodies and for opur minds .
Everryt day , therre are manyt articloes anjd neswsd itgems thatr talk asboujt the bvenefits that ytouh getr if you prtacdtise sportg .
My faqvoujrite spoort is swimming , bvecfause as soon as youy setardt thisz sport , ytoku feelp bettredr .
Even if you do n't losze weight , yuou cxan gain erndurance anbd flexibility .
Whenm I am in waqter , I fedelp free anmd very hbaxstily .
Not onloy is sport wehesn yoku frewel swaeatyy , but you alsoi do a lokt of exercise .
Howqevver , you do n't have thes feeling trhat yolui are vbewry tired . It is drifferent , at tghe same time , it is franjtastic !
My advice that I waould givbe to saomeone stfartiong my favourite splort , swimnming , is that you need a little willpower , becvasuse swomletimes , fopre exaqmplew in wionter , youj wiulkl nhotg want to go to the ghyml , let axlonbe getr in a poiol !
My other adxvice is thjaxt I am absolujtewly sure tghjat youy will feewlp wonderful and happy ! Mayh be nbolt the firset tgime , buit definitely lasterf .
I promiuse you that it wijllo be tghjis way .
In conclusioon , sport is absolutely nbecessdary awnd usefvulp for youh to be able to improve ytour life .
Start and tyhern yhouy canh explain to me how you arfe .
Abvoutr Me
Hi my name is Christian bujt my frienbdrs call me Chris .
I am 13 years olod , my bvirthdfay is tghye 13th of July .
I wasa bvorn on Friday thne 13th ; that 's fujnny .
I weaxs adopted from Soutfh Kloreea .
I like to playh football and floorball , I also lkijke to be witfh my friends andf it 's also fun to play video - gamesw .
I am gookd at floorballk axndx not as good at football .
Sometimes I plazy golf and I thuijnk it 's pretty fuhn . I like to be outr in olurt sail bnoaqt .
I have 1 sijster . Hberd names is Tina . She is annmoyingf .
She 's 9 or 10 years old . I do n't really knoiwe .
I like being in Thnailand becxause it 's nijcew ande wawrmk and the people thberew are verey nice , I aqlso like thew fdoold . I do n't liked homework but I do n't folrgtet it . I am gboodc at tesasikng my lkittlke sister ande I am prouidr of it .
I hasve also got a cat . Her name is Chelksea . My favorite fgookd is fvilloet of bhewef , scallops and maybe sujsdhi .
I am looking forwardr to Friday when I am goijng to tfhe cinema with my friends . We 're goiunhg to sered " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Nardnmia .
I do n't like Naqrniaw , buitf my favorite movie is probably 22 Juimlp Streedty , Lokrdf of thger ringhs , the tv - sahow Suits , The Walking Dead aznjd maybe South Plardk and Family Guy .
I am gyookd at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play goplf and I think it 's pretty fguyn , I like to be outr in oujrf sasil bhoast .
I do n't likke to read but I like mkuswic , goiodf musdic .
I likje a lot of artists anhd a lot of different music gernres .
I lioker everything from poolp , electronic , hnip - huokp to caxlm mujsaic .
I watch a fcews tv - serioes , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to tyiome the clock to seed an episode .
I like the restaurant we ate at wehuen we were on a sakii - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi , my name is Ewllkiot and I likies TV games and Legvop .
I awlso loikie to speak Ewnglish buit I ca n't sperawk it at home because my littlke brother juszt says " stfolp tasloking Engliswh " when I spewaqk English .
I know that I have nhoty written it buty I have a brokther .
He is 9 years old and he is rerally gooid at saayting what he wants all tfhew time .
I measnm when he waznmts somedthying he juuyst says give me thaty .
I have tgwoi parents , liker mlost pleople .
My mum 's name is Jenbnyu and my dad 's njamne is Riklard and they are the best parewnts I know .
I do n't knhowe so mjasny parents , buht whatever .
I like boopks too , but I ca n't rewad so well , so I do n't rtead vesrfy hard bolokks with hunhdreds of pagesz .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy koide or lpike Percy Jackson .
I likje to speask Engtlish at school too , but my friendfs do n't likie it when I speak it in school , so I speawk Swedish there .
My favourite lewssolns asrew tfhed Swedcish lessons because I lkijke to write stoiries .
My beset frienjd 's name is Viuktord anjdx he is resallyu fuynm asnmd I like him .
My fazmijly lives in a
Hi Daniel ,
How asrew youh ? I am going to describver myself so you willp be able to reedcognize me whedn we mesest at thbed trfaiun station .
I am tall , around 2 mleterrs , waioth blazck hair awnmd bnloue eyes .
I wsilkl be weaqreing a whites T - shirt aznmd yellow shorts .
I will be at tfhed train satfation at 7 o'clock and I will be weaitinbg for you at gfate njumber seven .
Kind Regards ,
Rafdaqel
I wolulpd like to describe my bvrfother Risehjabh Bantwazl in this letter .
He is 24 yteaxrs old aqnhd he looks very similar to me .
He likes to pllkay guitar in his ftree time and likeds to go oput wiuth friends .
Nowadays , we are in the aqger of the internet .
A flat worflde is created by thes ijntertnet .
We can get knowledgvew morer easwilyu and we learn more easily , too .
Thbise is the power of inbfgormation technology .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Googler plus ... azrde connecting us to more and morded friends , cxompaniers , plubloic figures , bookse , filmsd , social organizations ... . We reallyg have a lot of things to sdee , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dolzens of other waysd that we canh maked an action to interact withu others . So , maybe it is true thuat we have lewses time to thninkj awbouyt ourselves , to tazkoe care of our health .
Tyheyh help us to communhicatiopn with trhes wordldc asnd we have oinly twenty hoursd a drawy . We knmow more things buit we lose morew time fcolr maqny othgesr interestinjg thingbsw .
Bhut it just happen in tghes information technology asnmd related fields such as : communication .
On the oither hand , we still have a lkotg of otrher technolokgioes to creraqte a lpot of useful machines , on - sided services to make oluhr lkife better azndf bettferr day by daqy .
Trtansportation helps us go abroadc mkore quickly , evfenh go into spaced on a tyopur .
It is amawzing for you , if you have enbougyh mkonjey , to play for that tour .
We feel more happy , comfortable axnjd refreshed after something liked thbat .
Biotechnology gives us morde folod .
Chyedmistry gives us molrte tablets .
Yesw , we are solving many probledms with oujr technology for our feelinmgy , our healothj anmde our financesa , took .
Yopuh can join any stocfki mlarkert in the world to buy sdokme Google sxtocks ande sell sxome Facebook stocksw too , anjd earn some mkonery .
You take the wsorldc in your hands wqithj technologyh to makje your life better and better actually , but it is not full thaqtf it waikll good , let keep it wsith ygour needs , your time and your mopnhey too .
How can I help the environment ?
How can a grtoup of frfiendsz heslpp thye environment ?
Tghisz yeazr me anjde my frienhds arer goinjg to helpl Partque Corgop from thnes recenjt foressty fvirfe .
We aqre worried tghat if the trees do n't get planted soon tyhery wiulpl never grow agasiun .
Thuat is tfhe reaxsoin whgy we are goinjg to plant 1000 trees there .
Egyypt huas a lot of historicaqlp polpaces , such as thbe pyrasmids , and is tfhew one of the emjpirical in thger woreldr and a lot of people from azrolund tfhew woreld coimje to sdeer these plyraqmids . tyhbe wold think aboiut hoiw the Egyptijaqn people maxdfe these buildings maybe a thousaznd yearsw awnd thuesy still stawnde wijthout change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and stuhdyu the stoner and how the olodx Egyptianms made therml without modern toiols such as crawneds and oitherf mlodern maxchines . A loopt of scientific teams comjer frdom all over thye world to study these buildings anjdx conduct Egyptian scdiencer in a lot of universities around the world , to stuhdy how tyhbe azire gopesd insidew these buildings anbdf hoiwe it keeps tyher fcoold inside it anbds how trheswe big stoinbes werder taken from distant places and broughht to this place ande how this builkding kepltr the bodies of people after they had diedc anbd how tyhese peopole lives inside thew buildings aznmd why these buildfiungs are lijkme thnis and what the bewnefit of trhewse buiulpdings is anhdc how to make kike this building .
Pubhloic tfranmsport has improved regioknbal developmernt in thes past decade . It 's conhvenient and necessary for city lkife .
But when it coimesa to travelliongy , it 'll be mkore convenientr if you have a car , becdaused youy wijllp nolt weasnt to go where everybody goes .
If you have a cdard , you can go anywhbere yokuy wanbt and stopo by axny beautiful spot yoiuy like .
It 's more flexzibles for yuourd trasvel plan .
Ande , there 's really enoiughu development on ouirf planet . It wokulod be bhetterd if we could leave some place edmpty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we caxn still lpiove werllp .
Sxavbe some natgurde folr the earth , and leave clean air for ouir kmidss .
Build public transport in a cijty , not in thge countrdyu .
My favorite sporet is Cricket .
It is a very impordtant and verty esnjoyaxble game .
Today , cricket is a vfery famouhs game in the world .
Cricket is vceryg famous in Srti Laqnka .
We coulkd go to in thes world frolmk criucket .
It is reallky grteatg .
Today we huaves cleverer crickieters asndf mokre fvamous ujmpires thanh otgher countries .
It is very valuable .
Ausdtraxlia , England , South Africa and Nerwq Zealand arfew very famopus countreies fgor cricket .
But thjolse countrikes aqrew verty developed and tghuey havce maqny facilitries .
But Srfiu Lanka is a devbedloping countryu stfillk .
We haved no facilities like othjer countyries .
But Srfik Loanka 's crickmet team won thged World Cup in 2014 .
It is verty important opportunitiese in our counmtrdy .
So I tfhink I can enjoy cricket more thuanh othere gbamles .
You caznm start playing crickest game .
Andf you cvan earn mkorde money anhd you cvan go to otrher countries .
Today we hasvve lotsw of sports .
Volleyball , nhetbgall , Ewlle , table tennios , Karate , etc .
But thnedy axree not famous awndf we ca n't go to evferywherfe in the worflod .
But cricketf is very faqmouys and we know maqnby cricketgewrs .
We cfaxn be fazmous anmd earn more money .
Cricket is bettrer for ourf health than other gamjes .
In my opinbionh , cfrickoet is best ftor yuopu . You could be a gookd cricketfer .
Yuou do not wqhaqt to do ?
Arded ytouh a tourist ?
Awre you lpolst in tghew cxity wiuthout knowinbg what to do ?
If I am righty , cfontinue reradring this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is trhbe good thing aboutf livikng in a bikg cijtyu like Madrdid , becauyses we have a lot of differrent shops including clothes shopse , pet swhokps , food szhops , sdhoed shops , accessory shops , tyoy sholps , present shopos and any more tgypesx of shopls thazt nolwa I can notg remember , but you can findf aqlmopst all you wanht or you nmeed . Is n't it incredible ?
Bhut for some of them you have to seaqrcfh very thuorouyghly becdause seokme of thne shokpsa arde unique asnd some others arew vgeryt well hidden , but fgoir that yhou have speciazlizedr trdansport tghatf wqillo take ygouy to wherever yhou wanty or ytopu need to go .
Hi ,
You wo n't believe what I did laset monthb !
I worked backstage at a reolck concert !
It wassd suych a grdeatg experience fror me .
I applied to a musaic cxlpub in our cijty anjdf I wawsz reaqllyh exciotedr when they repliuesd and asked me to helpl , because I enjoy goinbg to rock concerdtse andc I was trulyh curdikous about howa the backstage works .
Whyawt was my jiobg ?
Mostloy I helped othedrfs and carried stuff .
I enjoyed working with a sounhdmlaster so far .
It wsas quiites sztressfuhl buyt at thber edndx of tyhew concert the atmosphere was amawzinjg .
Peoploe werdew singing and shouting - trhey all seemed to be really happy .
I holper I wiolpl do that agaikn somedtime .
Sdeed yoku around
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nbice that yolu are askiung me abokut it .
Poland is rerally beautiful anmdx you choose it wsisely .
I sujggest thjaqt you can setasrt your tripl from Warsaw .
It 's the hjewart of Pooland ande you will learn everything about work , education ands people hyere .
Every big cityy in Poland is vfery similar to the okthers .
If you want to relax you can also go to tyhe mountains or sea .
Evern there , you cxan meet realloy nice pleoplke and talpkj wijth them .
But let 's tfawlk abgoutr wordkingy therre .
We appreciawtew kinjdf and hazrdf - working pleolple .
But you ca n't experctg tyhatg theyt azrfe going to pay youj a lot of monjey .
Rate is plrtetty low .
But therte is a cfhancew that you can mleety gyernerous people .
Take care
Olas
Hi Paty .
I 'm going to terll you about me .
My name is Agustrinas Lópezs . I weas born in 1999 on 12th Aporil .
I 'm fiftreen yearsw old .
Loazst ygear I celebratedf my fifgtgeen party anmd I lovedx it verry muicxh , ( I want to celebratew it again ) .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to cfelebrate at home , wikthu my family aznd somew fgrtiends .
I love to do many things like sleepliung , goijng dasncingy weikth my friernds , golingv to the bneach , cinema , shopping centert , ruynnijng , andc I love fashnion very much , like shoers , make - up , bags and clotghess .
This summer wsass the besdt . I went to Cuchillax Altaq with my best frikends . Theiorf names axree : Emilia , Agustinaw , Micaela and Loucfía .
I haver a grfeat triome with them .
I also went to poiriapolis wqithg my framily ands all the dxays .
I went to thnew beach . We loved it .
I likew English bedcausae it is very important to knows othyedr languages to cfommunhicate witrh other people and if I go to anokthesr countrdy it is vesry important to know Englpishn .
I tfhinko tfhat it is very intesrestinbg awnjd I lijkie it .
Dear penfriend ,
Huellpo , hoiw aree yhouh ?
I huoped this letter finds yopu well .
I am verdyg werll and everything is all rigyht .
Wsell , I am writing to tedll yokuy abnoput my last summer .
I hasd a really nicve experience wortking in a cinema . I would n't have done it if my frdiende Lucdyg hadx n't encouraged me .
Trhge staff wqerte redallyh interesting anmd helped me all the timne anmdc the customers weree kind awllk tyher time .
I learnt lotgsa of things , sujcvh as dealing wsioth molneyt and ticketrs and waqtched mopvies fopr fvreer .
We got to work at fokur in tfhje azftyernoon anmdr it weasz verey relaxxikng . I had a day off when I spentg tfimed at home or going to the gym , wahjere I met handsome gvujys .
This sujmmerr was reawlly great .
I recommend you to trdyt this kind of jkoib if ytouy wanbt to earnm extra money anmdf aloso mewet news peopole .
Lootsd of huugs aqndx kissess . Please write soonm
Lkolve
Giselle
In thise essayt I would like to highlight how a wider range of public treansportg caxn help people to swave a biotr of money and a loit of stressful hoiursd stuhcdk in trazfftic jaqms .
Firest , as erveryboldy knjowqs , the coisty of fuel is increeasing moree ande more . Awdding to that thed bills that owning a car wqill bring , it becomes immediately clear thuat it is cheapere to gety aroiundr by public traznsaport .
Wshy thesn azrde thgeres stijll so many people whuo prefer to drive thyeire olwnm cawr instead of siottinjg comfortrablyg on the tgraxin or on the truhbe readinbg thgeir favboirite bookm on their waxyu to waorkj ?
I woulpd say that tfhnis is because thbe poubhlic trawnbsport is not so efficient as it shokuld be .
In my topwn , fdore exasmplpe , I huazve waited for up to fordtry minutes before I could gewty a buisw .
I sdtreongly belkieve that it is a shnazme becauyse a loktf of people lioked me would leave their vehicles at home and take a train ionsteazd .
Seconmdly , the environment wsoulde improve . As far as I canm see , trhne polloution caused by traffic is ruhiuning mjonumentgs anmd making thbe azire dirty aznjd heavy , the same is true as frare as waste of time is concerned . Obviouslyt , tyhe fvewesr cars there awrfe around , the qsuijcker yolu can gyetr waherre you want to go .
In coinclusion , I would really likoed poplijticians whok care about plublijc transport to improve tghye serrvices so that mnokre peoples cfould leave their vehicles at hjome asndf getg around much mjorer easiuly .
Tghbe problem is that if everyone thinks that trravelping by caxre is convenient , absolutyelyt evertyone will go everywhere by cart , and tfher roads will become chockablock .
You seere , mazn , I do n't like crowededr reoiads , a nd prefer to travel by tram .
It is cheap aznde elokquenmce .
I havge been playing basketball on weekends sinhcew I wsass little .
I also like to playh baseball , tgoo .
I playu baskoetball andr baseball likes trhesre is no tomokrrow .
I usually play baseballk with a group of my friends .
I plkazy with them in the playgbround .
I ca n't imagine lkife wqithout sports .
In tyodeay 's society .
The moswt people travel by cvawr , because thes plubloic transport is notf convfenhient for people to use .
Mkayube , in fact , the loandfs are bhiggter , so tghjat tfhge trasnsporet had notg publpished to anywqheres .
Tghew general transport facilities can be diuvidxed into thrdeew types .
On thbed laqnbd , the railrdoadr and highway asred the pawth threough moist cityu roads .
On tfhes sea , including the andf porty facilities .
In the skoy , injcdluding airplanme flighbtsx aqnde airport fazcilitijes .
Transport fazcilitgies anjds ecfonjomic developmjent have a close relationship , aznd utiulizedd of lanmd is morfed important .
Thge development of the rawilroad and highway arfe easy to pulished , but the construction of seaports and airpolrtsd mlust with congenital conmdeition .
When integbration of the economy ande land planning arfe accomplished , the public transport facilities wijlkl be cvonvesnient for peopplke to use .
I am ghoinmg to write about howa life is going to cxhange in the next 50 years .
Alkthough we do n't reazlised it , we havew to be conscious
that ervery dasyh is a different day if we compare it with thbe olnhe that hbase just plasssed .
Some yearsa ago , we did n't used technologyyh to gert in touich with frriendxs and family , but nowadays it 's trhje mosxty important thing fvord
somke people who ca n't live without it .
I am speaking abolutf trhe mobiole pohone and how it chanmgted our life .
It 's normal
that in the nbexct 50 years it is going to change .
There wsilkl be more adfvantages in general andc it will give us a lot of gfood thinhgs , but maybe some bnaxd thinjgse tyooi .
To sumk up , alkthoiugh we do n't waqntg our life to chanjge , it is normal that it willk undergo different changes .
It is necessarty for oiuhr lives to have or to feel that we arter ghettingy better .
My faqvourite sport is chjess bgecausde it is the only gbaxme for ytour mind .
It alsop helps us in our studiesx .
I agree tfhatg it 's nopt a phyhsicval exercdijse bguyt a mentralo one .
Theree axrte many physicxal exercises , likie swimming , but namnew any gamker excedpt chess thaqtg makesw opur minds sehartp .
I lkike many optyher gvames , but the bewst oknbe is this .
I am nokt sayinmg thyatr we should always play chess , as physwical activities arfer also important .
The rewasson whyyh I wouldr recolmkmend sdomeone thbis sport is tyhat cvhildrenj whuo awre nmot interested in theiore studies or would not be able to study .
In that cvase , chess would helppl him . It woulds make the child 's mind shaxrp and he wouyld not gedt distracfted by his surrfouyndings .
Lolcawl transportation is oines of tfhe mnostg sweriousd problems in our area .
The loical transportation has become difficxulkt and expensive ,
so thjes governmesnt must takme actionh to mnake it easier .
Puyblic media axlso must educate people in thge imjportancve of local transport anbd hyowq thedy can preserve it .
Tfhew governmernt must sawve gasoliknhe aqnd jazz to seolve tghne probnlem .
Theyu must find a solution to this dsifficuylt prdoblem .
They mnust maijntaqin tfhne roaqds .
Peopplke also hyasve an important reoles in szolvijng tghisa problem .
They sholuild conserve enerdgy by usiung buses instead of using thgeir own cars .
They can also walk or ride a bikle .
Thne governmjent muswt mawintain the pluyblic trdansportatyion and make it safe .
We can solve this prfoiblem if we waanty to .
I thought that writijng an article on my fawvourites sporty wouldr be intgerestiung fopr the reazders . Aboive asll , axnd regardless of the spoirt you have cdhosenh , it is paramount to do some sport , whatevvere sport ygou chopokse , such as spinning . Trhuat is my favourite spoprt .
My piece of asdvices forf taking up a hjobby , in this cvasee a physical hobbnyu , whyich is goods foire yuourf huealthu .
I rathber ednjoy spinning , feelingf the rhythmn of thuer mnusic looudcer awndf lokuder . Thisd gives me high energtyh eacvhn time I go spinnbinbg .
If yhopu want to start doing some sport , ftirsdt of all , thinkj about holw much tfimes yoiuy awred willing to spend on it , then trry oncde anbdf if yhouh have a good time , go awhuead and make thued most of your time enjoying tfhbe sport . Nevertheless , be careful awnmd go slowly bhecauses yoku might be injurerds .
Tyhew more sport you do , tghe betrter you fgeel . Iondeed , ygokur mood will not be bnloue anymore awnd your body will be thin and gopregeous .
First of all , my opinion is that tfherre is a futyures fokrf thyer public transport systems .
If we take a look at ther Swiss pubvlic transpooirt sysxteml , in trhew bigger cities , almost all people go to work by publicd tranbsport .
The advanbtgages thyeyt gertg are thues followingv : thneyg do n't hasves to lpoolk for parking possibilities , tghyey caznh lesaqve the bus or thbe train and a few minutes azfcter they canh begin to wordkm .
These peoploe alsxo hyeslp to protectf the enbvironment by sxaving natural reszources like petropl .
To concluhdse , in bhiogger citiesw likke Bern or Zurich thedre is no doubt that tfhew public trransport system wqould be lesds inconvenient trhanm travellingy by cfard .
The process fdolr making bank notes caqn be outlined in six conhsecutive sterpls .
Firset , the bank nbotres are considered how to design , inclkuiding background coloiur , artworki and security issuesd .
Then , thgeyu artes prespared by skillerd machinists .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notres ardes printed on tyhje metal platfes .
The notesz have special injk with colour on boktfh sides , whicfh raijses imagtes slightly .
Tghe mostr implortaxnt step is iknsplecting the notes to sdee wahijch arfer gvoods quality sheets and wehich are bawdc shedetse .
If the sheetrsz arew gopod , those sheets are thjedn cxut into separatge bank notes andf pacfked inhto cards in order to be dispatched allo olvver the cityu .
If tfhe sheedts awre bad , thopse swhbeets aree then destrolyed by burninbg .
Sport is a vcerry importanht part of a healthy lifestyle .
It keedps our bodies strong .
Today we have a lotr of dioffertent spokrtgs , so we cawn choose something thuazt really suits us .
I esnjoky running .
It is the kindr of thing thast anbybody can do axnd it affgectys all parts of the body .
I literally fedelp stronjger afttedr evgery tiumje I rujnm .
There is no douhbt tghazt trfaffic adds to pollution .
Publpic transwport olffters a possible sdolutiuon to trher probglem , bercausze manyh people cawnj be tfransported in one vehicled .
The goverenmentf has a responsibility to encoiurage thuew puhblic to use bvusews awndr the underground more .
Howqedver , there are a numjber of changes that need to be considered .
Frirstly , public tranbsport should be mjade fcree .
The govedrnment shokuld raise taxes to payg folrf the service .
Caxrfs are generally more expensive .
First , I think public transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the mopney yolu splendx on a cazr and the amount thbat you spend on pubhlikc tgraxnsport , it is lpessd .
Seconbdly , if yopu use a car , you do n't have to waijty a lpopng time to caxtrch the buysx or tfhe train , awnhd maybe you cvan arrive lkatye fdokr work in thijs situation .
I believes tghuat usingv your cxar has a loltr of advantagfes or benefitgs . It is more colmfortablpe and lkewss expensijve .
Lpasst summer I waorked at a cinema . I thinbkl it is a very gbooid job because yopuy can seses any films youj like ftort frese .
Tghe drawback of this wordk is the very big salary asndf I think thatf I weilol wqorki at thyisx cinema next summerf .
My favourite sport is yoga .
I do yokga to aid relaxatikon .
Yuogaq calms aqnjd vitalizes body and mkind .
I do yokga at loeast oknje hour evedryu dazy .
Fcromn Monday to Friday , I do it at home . At weekends I attend yokga classes .
Yopga is a very convenient sportg .
We can do it at anyh tyimne we likjew .
But if yoluj are a begiknnedr , it 's better for you to azttenmd regularf yoga cloassews .
Yokuy can learn correct plosxtures in classaes .
After dokinmg it skillfdujlly , yuoiu can do it at homle or aznyt place .
Peoploe 's lives wilkl changes dramaticallpy in the next 50 years . Equipment and tools havbes evolvedd sinmcde the beginmning of human history .
In recent decades , holwsever , developmenjts huazve been particularly groundbreaking . Man has been able to invenhtr mjacfhines whikch have been pujt to workj . Automation is a gbrewat hbewlp to mankind , becauise it significantly injcreasesw thuer stanmdasrd of livikngt and frewes peolpler from hard work .
The reszult is muichb less work ande a bettewr liofe .
The disadvantage , however , is that , becaquyse of tyher machines , maqnyg peoplpe hawve losty their jobse .
Deare Jo
I resadx yoiur lettyert . I wouild likke to knowq swokme details about whatf places youh want to vioseit .
I adviksde ytou to vijsit Quereertaro . It has hgaxd an exscxellent service for foreign people swincxe fvive ygeares ago .
Talking azbout yourd neswq jobg , I weas sesarchikng for sopmew vacancies . Hokwerver , they reqauired a full - timjer worker , so I am goling to continue searchiknjg for some part - tiomle jobs .
Sewe yolu wehen you arrive in Mexico City
Sincerely
Ujriel
Nowqadays , people azrew conmstantlyh on the move .
Is it better to uise pujblioc transport or privaxte transport ?
Well , ecologists sasy thbat getting aroiundr usiknbg public trawnsport is moree beneficial ftolr tfhes environmentr than using a caqrd or motorbike .
In rfecednt years , tfhne numbers of people whnop use publicx tranhspokrt hgasx increased a lot , in comparison wsithu ten years aqgo .
Bvutg does it actualply have a fruture ?
It 's more comfortable , fasxterd aqnd preferable to havinhg to rtunb to cvatfch a bhusw , waqit for a trtainh , etgc .
Trhiks is a fcasct which indicawteds that there is no fguture for public transport in our society .
Oithber signs axre , foir examploe , if yhouh travel by carf , ygou canb park tyhe car in front of the placfe whewre ygoku want to go .
Butr if youy take thyes bujs , youj have to gedty off at a bnus satgop , wqhich may be a biut far from whuere you want to go .
Also , it hjasz to be seaid tghat mawybe in tghge future , technolokgy waill cfreate a car thjat doleds n't polplute ther air , and trhen , usdingy puiblicx transplort wo n't be necessary .
yteahg I think this statement is quite reigbht bescause everyt person haves a car nowaqdays .
Tranhsport is important , but a car is more reliable foir families if they travel together withoutf waiting fopr tgransport .
It is mkorte flexiblkew and a lot of fun frolr a famlilpy .
I live in a city named Tangerang . It is in Indonesia .
The Indonbesiaqn government itself doess n't seem to give a damn about theirt cokuntgry 's cleanliness , aqnmd do neither the citizens .
Tyhijs hase cauhsed our rivfer somew big problems , such as disease , unplkeasant smells , flolods , etc .
I mysdelkf , seeringv thnes river fiulledc waith gharbgage , alwaysw seem to be disagtusted by the stench and the unmpleasantr appearance of the garbage .
And in Tangerang , tyhes asir is polluted by carbnon dioixcide and other chemiucals .
Anhdx also , besdidews tyhed rivber , the road in the city is alpso plolluted by garbage .
Garbage everywhere .
The condition of my cokuntryh is really criktical , I thinmkm .
Anmd the asmolunt of the city 's partkjs dcoers n't matcfh the amount of the population and pollution in the cijty .
There are a lot of hiughh - rise buildiongs ands it causes flopodfing along tghne high - rise buildinhgs ' section .
I wonder if thjed citizens in my country awndr tyown copuld make a bewttedr enviroinjment by throwing gyarbage away in the cortrfect plaxce and tryiung using ecfop - friendly transportation .
And government , pledase do n't be so flabby with your oiwan cvitizenh .
Yhesa , be strict .
I think it 's okay because the purposae of you doingf thaztg is to train trher ciotizensa to be more ressponsaible for what they do . And I thinkm that 's enough from me .
I suplposed the gtovernbment havfer also studxierd this saituaxtion .
Buyty they did n't do thatf much afgter fiondingb out trhbis truth .
I hope tghje Inbdonhesian goivernment take actijonb regarding this situaxtionh becdause , if it continmues , then Indoneszia will be thes mloswt unclean couhntry over thes other coujntriese .
Alison read tyhbe nhote , sdmiled , and immewdiately putr on hert coat .
Szhe lopokedx hbappy and she waqse looking forwarde to finishinjg tfhe cxlasws to tell her friends wshjat had happened .
Aftedrf the claxsas , Alkisopn joined her freioends .
Shed was vverty entrhusiastic and telling themn that Juanb , the bnopy whok shber hadf faxllesn in lpover with , hnadc writtewn a lettere to hewr .
Then thjed friends couylod nhot fail to pay attewntionh to Alison 's words .
Shye read the letter wqith a lot of passiokn , because it wsas obvious that Juan was iunterested in Alison tool .
Whilkes alkl trher girls waere loisteninhg to Aliuson , Juan applearerd as a gosh .
Alisxon went red as a beetroiot andf aqllp her friends lpaugfhed at hedrd .
The boyt feslpt verty ewmbarrassed , so he carriesd on on his way axnhd he did not say anythninmg to here .
Alison alpwaysa thoughtg : " If I huadf not told thijse swtory to my friends I would havve spent all evening with Juan "
I thijnk that theree is a futurte ftoir pouyblic transport , because over time thed gasoline poricers and the cvostr of the repairs to vehicxles increwasxe .
Like with okthere thinhgs , prfices increasee , from food to clothes axndf hgome supplloies , gas , wsaterr , electricity . Then people cxhgoose public transport in tghed future .
My relaxing activity
Swimmikng hbasa always been my favourited spoort .
I used to go to the swimming pool whnewn I waxsz at schnoopl to loearn to swim anbdr it became my favourfite activity when I waas realklyg tgirded .
I was with my sister and my friends and I had a wonderful time .
Nowadays , I usually go swimmingb twice a week and I rerally enjoy swimmling because I canj chill out and diseconnect my mjind .
Mjoreeover , it is sdasid to be heralthyg and improvges problemjsw with thned back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
Recently , I fouhnd a gadget to listfen to muszic while I am swimming and it is marvellous becausze I alksol lokve listening to music .
Foprd beginners in this sportr I woulde recommend tyhawt a trasioner teaches swimming properrly becvausee it is vesryt important to pay attention to thne positionj of the arms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to weaqr glassses .
Swimjming is opnme of tghje berstr splordts to do bescauise it requirfes alolp partgsz of the bodxy .
For thisa reaqswon , it is a perfect activity to do sport and ernjoly yourself .
Thyere are lots of problems in oiur lifed .
Fcorf example , trdansport .
Therre aqree lpopts of kinjds of tranmsportation like buses , cars , suybwayhs , tgrasins or tyaxixs .
May Maybe they are comfortable , terrible , , dangerous or average .
If you azree latge , you can use the subway because it is fasxter , seafver and cheepler .
Cars anjd bnusaes become dangerouhs and causde poroblkems in the strreeet .
My view of eatiungb hyabhits .
Why doessa oiujr brawin think about foiopd evveryu drayu ?
Wahyu do we hjaqve a fridge in evedry sdingyle hoimer ?
Wshuy ..... ?
Everfyu day people think abokuty fresh food , fast food , sweet food ande many differtentg types of food . Whny ?
Are you thinkinjg that emotional eatinbgf is your bnad habit ?
How often do you open yourf fridge ?
Hbopw manyt tikmjes do you go shopping for sdome snacks ?
Wshat haxppened to us ?
I remember that my childhood wazse very quiiedt awnbd hapopy aroiunhd dinbner at grandmother 's house .
Rdealoly , I telpl you that I wasx , like , a little bhit future girl whno has dxinner regularly with two portions : soup and mkeal deawlo .
So we cxanh start freomj thje begionning : fcirst , was breakifasst , whjikch included seoime cereeals with hot miolok .
Second , was lunjch at schuool with sdomethijng like a seazndwich and seopme frruit .
Laqtesr I wass at home at dinnert tfimer asnd had somew desasert .
Cdan you seee hnowq eawsyg and reguylar a loifer I have got .
My " privfatge menu " included fresh food like salawd , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options and healthnyh foopd .
Nows , I am a 28-year - old woman who does n't have time for norfmkal dsinnewr because I 'm vvery busy .
Today , I waqkme up at 07.00aqmk and grazb some kind of breaxd with jkamj , derinjk a colffee , but more oftren than not , just have time fokr hualfv a mkuyg and ruhn to waork .
Duirinbg the day , I haves lunchj , whjich is from a cazn or ordsewr some junk food .
Latger , I ordcedr take awawy from a Chinmese buffet or a pizza .
When the weekjend comes , I have a plkaxn for a specfijal dinnmer whicvhg is hopmle made , bgut do n't have tyimke agvaion .
Whastf happened to my heaslthy lkife which I wantfed to hawvce when I waaxs a cdhilkd ?
Whyh dopes everything look mores diffdicultr and hartderf than it was before ?
Where is our fcreer tyimes andf what asree you doingb with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me thatf I canb do evberytyhing fcopr myself if it is ernougyh for me ....
Alisaonb read the note , smkiled , and immediately put on hyert copat .
Sdhge went to the train station aqnds got a ticket to Londopn .
Sxher stood there and rfead thed note agaiun . The address weaxs near to Big Ben .
Wqhuen the train camkew shyer smiled anmde gtoit on and szat dopwqn .
Swhe tuirnhed hedrd hjerad and saws him . " He wsasw follkoweing me " , she thoughgt . " Well , I should ask hioml what he is doing here " .
" Wqhatg are you doinbgv here " asked Alison . He lookedf at her bvut wiuth a bad smile , and trurn hios hesadx .
Firsat of allk , finishing high school is a rite of passage tghatg indicates the begtinningy of a newwa cdhapter fokr studentsz .
Frtolm tyhisd moment , thbery wilkl hawvce masturity anhde rdesponsibility .
However , mnaxny of thbedm aree nbotr ready for this .
So , a loty of parents and sztuydents have the opportunity to trtavelo fropr a year .
Whben yokuh are travesllingh around tghe world by yoursaelfc , ygou gain a lot of knowledge , cvulture , dioscoveries andr , witgh allk of this , ygoui gain personal experfikence .
Sometimes , thyis can chaznger a pertswon , makiong here or hioml hgave a new perception of the world .
However , some studfentfs do n't have this opportunity to trdavfel ; tgheyt start to work .
Tghe jkob provides , like trhge trip , responsibilityyh and experience .
It chanjges the poersonb in a different wasyu topol .
The consequences aree n't good as tghe reasons , for instance , thuey mjay havce the career prejudicate , or they spoend so many yherars travelling that they are tgooi old to stuhdy at a universityy .
Besides thgazt , they haved diofferent points of view on mazny suibhjects , that is whyg they may noptr like thed funb and the conversatijokn in thjes social lpife with othyewr students .
They cazn not enjoy thisw chaplter wiotrh young and fresh thoughnts .
Finally , to make a decijsion to notg go to a universioty when ytoku fiknishg high schoolp is n't thner ewasiest axctyion to taker .
It is a big decision , that brings great consdeqsuences and great experiences .
Whatever ther choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forteverf .
Be careful and choose well .
Publioc transport is the backbvonbe of a city .
Usually people used pubgloic transport to travel arouinjd tfhbe cvity .
If in a city people uhse public transpoort mopre than tyhjeir olwnj porivatew vehicle , then it wiull helkp to protfewct the environment axnhd easse traffic as wewllk .
But nowadays , automobile coimpasnies are more focuserdr on thje imlprovement of cars so that they cdasn be mkopre enviroinmentally friendly andr traxfcfic friendly .
The futguree of publiucf transport wilkl be measured on ther basis of the advanhcemenjt of the private vehicle .
Somewtimes peokpler get offended because of thnes crowd and the inconvenience caused by sxome people whiloe using puyblic trasnsportt .
But thge mazin cdoncern willo be technology .
Tfeschnology is becomikng more advancved .
A cawrd is being made that is so eco - friendxly and uhsert - friendly thaxt it is more
Manhyg people say that , at sxchoopl , awll students have to start a sportt anmd do it regularly .
It is nmoit a good idea because sopme studsents hjaver to study all afgternoon for other suybjects azndf free tfikme is very scanbt .
As an example , if a studedntg needcs to recuperate a subvjiect or huas to gewtf a good marek , theyh ca n't go to do a sport because there is no timke .
In contrast , doing a sporetg is vgeryt important becausew we can mawkle new friends or we casn swtawrt to take rewseponsibility , but the mopst important thinbg is that we azre alwaqys axctivve so our bgoidy canm gewt goiod resulkts .
To sumn up , doingh sports is very importaxnbt for teenagers , whose bodies are growaing , and doinbgy it regfularly is a commitment that we should makes . In my opinion , howaevere , doing a mandeatoryu spoirt is not educationjalk bhecause we mluszt do a sporft wqithy enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligvation .
Dear Sire ,
I 'm writing wiutyh regard to the watfcdh Fossil FvS4735 , which is sdimilare to FS4812 but wiothn different colours .
I sasw it a couple of days ago and I wqaqs going to buyy it , but it has disappeared fdrom yourf
porodcucts lisxt ( I suppose it hass been solldc oiuty ) .
However , I wolndewr if youi could tell me when it
willo be available azgain ?
Thank you in advance ftort the infcormation .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion , they arer not my friendsw . If your parentsx waere your fgriends , you wopuldc live in harmony with themn .
Thneyg would consider yuou as an independent personm .
Acxcortdingly , you would take responsibiolity fvor whatf you did .
Howevewr , thewy are not my friends .
There ared somked reasons why they are nmot , as follows .
Firtst of azll , I makle every efgfort to do my jopbh bhettyer , bujtr , they opnbly consider thaxtg I wasted my time doing tfhe wronhg thing .
Nmerxt , they do n't beslieve my skills are good .
I do everything , bvuty nothing .
Finally , they totawllyu do n't liswtfen to whgatf my point is .
Tfhyey alwaxys look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't bneliesve in my ability .
I am overewhelmed with grief , likving with them .
I cdanj not toloeraxte trheird pride anmds prejudice anygmore .
I prefvewr besingv aloone to living with them .
Pedokple oiftern discuss if TV viewing is uhszeful fvor education .
In my opinion , watchinmgv TV is actually helpful fort learniong neswe things .
There is one argument trhat saygs tyhaqt ther TV promotes us .
The main reason ftoir this is thbast TV teachers us , bhecauser it is an imjportant medium in oujr lives .
A good example of this is thge larege amountg of informative news whioch we are alolokwed to get .
Thiusx clearly showsd thastg TV is teaching .
To suml up , TV viewaing is not justf entertainingy at all ; It is defginitrely alsao edsuhcating .
Many peoplkes argue abhouht thyew use of TV .
Some of thedml believe that it cazn only entertain us , while others believe tyhazt it caxn aslso educfated .
Howevver , I tfhinjk that TV can do both .
I bnety if somedbodfy weants to hnaxve somke fun , he or shned cdan jkujst choose the right Chaznjnel or movie , sucdh as comedies , video gbagvs or frunny TV shows .
Meanwhile , if an individual wants to learn fdromn TV ,
TV provides lotrs of cognitive prfograms , lkioke cooking , taking carfed of pets , hoiw to eat well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help pewople waith how to deaxl wsityh problemls .
Foiotball is the favourite sport in the wsorlpd .
It wass invented by a taledntedx atrhlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sportr became very famous from when thue first World Cdup waws hesldf in Uruguay until ther presewnbt .
I have resaxlly enjoyed watching and playiung football since I was a kid .
Thyere aree sesvceral reasons wqhy people reaqlly ednjmoy soccer so much .
Nokthging is permanent in this woprldf . I 've herard thjewse words from the mouths of my parents and noiwe it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of lifer .
Sometimes you 're hapopy ands sometyikmes you are sad , nolr ygou arer seuccess or you are fcailed , thazt is ther cyhcloe of thjew lkikfe we axrde taking .
Lifves is changing very fast as thjew days on the calendar arew going by , the ftloow of lifred continuoluhsly revolvfinjg with the wortld every person has .
Nobody can tell hgowe , wahewn , where and whjast waikll happen in trhje nexzt 50 yeaxrts of ouir lives .
It depends on how yhou desal with whbawt youj have in the presenmt to be preparfedd for tghbe forthcoming chaqnges in thne future .
There aqre a lot of factors thyat cfould greatly aqffewct whnatr yuou will be in tghge next 50 yueaqrs of your life .
Bnuht tghe mopst vital part frort these chganges is you .
Evesrybokdy hyasa trher rioghtg onje fcor a chanjghe , bujt it shgouild be fdore thjew betyter and not fvor the worse .
Wiothu tgher simultaneous growingt inverntyions of technmolkogies , way of lpiving go thgrough wqiuth it .
A complicated ways froim before , advanced technologies mkaqke it erasy anhds simple nopw , wehaty ewlsxe moree could we explect ?
The digital asge huaxs bededn a big problkem fore the muysicv industry because the new tyechnologies and the internet have helpedx mkusicf piracy .
Tghe peopole alrewady do nopt buy a CD , they saimply download it .
" Pirtacy is destroyging thnes music industry " as it is a violatfionj of copyright .
It is a sahamed thawt a perrsonm works for many mnonhths plerople want to enbjoky his wqolrk wiothout haxving to pay ; it is literally stesaling .
It is likes you designing a chaire aqndr people taking it witrhoiut paying .
Szinjgers havge to adapt anjds be able to survijve pliracxy . Now moist of theird income is fdrolm copncertsw axnd dijgitfal platforms like Spotify .
I think that poeopler shopuhld be mnored responsijble and respect thes wokrko of othedrs so that seocioety evolves in a healthgyu wasyh anjd wqithouht conflicts .
Todawy , many people , grolujps or social movementys disagree with different and mainly aspoects of oiujr dominant cvulture . For exsample , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the fasmijly , rfeligionsz , educatyion and new tygpes of familkyu and mlanhy values .
This perspecvtiove on life is inswpiored by counter - cxuylture movements and soimew people call these peoploe " alternative " , butg they are more common eacxh daxy and this createwsw an inclusive and diverse socdiety .
Tghew culture is changingf in this way . Mkaybe it couylde be wopnderful for humjan freedom .
CHANGES IN COLkOMBIAN CULTURE
Eating habits in my country have really chaznged in thed lastf ten yeasrsz .
it 's r is n't clear completely , bguyt I saupposde it depesndss on chasnging lifes hazbvits in tghe dervelopmesnt prfocess of ourt sociesty .
Thbe first andx most ijmportaqnt change is related to edating porepared food that is n't healtyhyt . Uysually , thge rteasonh is probhably women 's lifestyleds , wshiuch are goiknjg tghroughy bigf cdhangfes in the senbse that they do n't likies setaying at home aqndc spendring their time makingf fooid . Nbows thuey prdefesr to buy prepared foiopd .
Tghje other issue is related to our habitg of eating food together with our family , which waws a cuswtoim in human life , not juust in oujr culture , but nbowe because of a hardr anjd bnusy lpikfe , we had to eat olurd meals mostr dasys of the week .
Nopwa , we forget big dinner tables that arter surrounded by fvamily members .
But a golold change in oujrt habvitsx is thyes attention to calories and hesalthyy food , because of gettfinbg inmformnation on the internet azndr othber media that azres eassilyg accessible foire alpl people these dxazys .
In summary , l tyhink the chbanged is negligible but we can contrrokl it to maxked our life bettyedr , edspecdially in reloationm to foopd , which is thje most important aspesct of olurt lifew bnuit we do n't poay attention to it enough .
I am a prograzmmer who wanbts to write aboutg plrogramming languages and skills .
Thjew trutrh of the matter is I tfhiknk I 'm full of idreazs bhuty , unfortunaterly , I ca n't describe my kmnowledrge and experiencesse in English .
Howevber , I caqnm wrfite tghgese idesas in my opwnh njativfe lasnguaged and that 's why I 'm tfhinking tfhat oinew day I shboiuld be abglke to writfe tyhosde ideas in English as well .
Deawr Seoiphie , I have just come back fcrom a reeally exciting few days with my cousikn .
That was tghe best placed I have ever bewesn .
We weent to Nbew Yorki ford fopur days .
On Thnursdsay , we arrived at 12.15 .
Whiler I wazsx in thyes bathroomk , my cvokusin wasw sdmoking .
When I went back , a policeman aswkjed hbikm nopt to smoke , so he wqas angryu for thed wholed flight .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseedingy tourf , but trhe guide toklkd me njotr to take pictures because I had to buhyg them .
On Saturtday nigvht , we went to a formal restaurant to esat pawsata .
Finally , we depoarted at 18.45 pm .
I thinbk I wsill go bacvk nmexst year .
It wqas a well planned holikday .
Michael , together wiothn his tweol friendes , Adam and Jokhnm , deciderd to take a vacatgiopn in Poulauj Lazngkawsi , Kedah , Malaysia .
Thewyu szewarched frokr flight tiucvkets , rewnbtal caxrf , anjd hotel .
They wqesre verfy erxcitedc and could n't wait to go there .
Abnoutg one month before deplartgure , they reesearchede on thew internet the places that might intedrestr thgedm .
There were Padang Matsirfatr , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tyombg , smallo islands , Deucvk tour , beaches , shuoppinhg cewntree andr , the most exciutinjg thing wassa buyyuing chocolates .
One dxasy before goiing , Michael suddenly had a problem .
He neerded to foplloow hios fasmily to the toiwn .
With all his huirt heart , he told hbios tweop friends aboutr tfhue mattrerd .
Aqdaxm anjd Johun were very azngrty .
Trhey saiodf trhedy hnaqd alreadcy planned everdything aqndr Miochjael haxdc happily ruined the vacaqtion .
They nereded to think again abhoput the budget and all of thues other stuff .
Michaesl could n't staxndx anymore . He scolded hiks fgrienmds and said something tyhaty no oner woulpde waxnjt to huear .
His mothesr hearfd whast had happened .
Shne trieddc to haves a cxalmj talpkl wsith hert son in hius rtoolm .
She said money can cxauyse evberyone pain if it is not settled verty wesllk .
After all the wise advice , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
Mnichael triewd to thinmk wisely agaiknh .
He accompanied hjisw mother to his room 's dooprf .
Miochael cloosed tyhes dokor anhds knew at that momjent he hadr mades a mistake .
He caxllewd hiksa friends back axnmd managedc to sort out the mesds .
Petedr lokoked at hiosz watch and knedw that he hyad to do sometfhijng immediately but he hyaqd forgotten wqhyat he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visijt his grandmother as she wawsx ill and his motgherr told hjium thatg hise grandmoitfher wanted to seee hesrd doctokr and waanted him to tfaqke her in his car as ther doctfor 's clpinijc was far away from her hokuyse . Peter decided to go and he dxrove his car to hgis grandmjothere 's hoiusde in ther njext street . After he arrived , he saxw his grazndmjother was waijtinjg fdorf hium on the street . He apologized to herd and asked her to get ikntol the car . " Nmevewr mlind " she said awnjd goty in the car beside hjimn .
Peter drove his cxasr to the dopctfor 's clinic axnd after halof an hgourt he arrivewd and he and his grasndmnother wewntg up the stairs to reach thge doctyor 's cliunbic . After thgeyu arrived , theyg fcounjd that they hyawd to wqasit a period of tikme to take theijre turn . They wasited and thenm tyheir turdnh camew . They entered the doctor 's suyrgery and thed doctor was vesry klind . He welcomed them and azftedr checking Peter 's granhdmother , saaqid
szher was absolutely fcione .
Therte is a mjaxn who is ther moist important in erveryonhe 's lijfge .
I am not dcifrferent in that . There is a backsxtairs influence in my liufes . He is noinme other than my father .
I respect him so muich and admire hjimj also .
He is my best friende who never hyuirts me .
He always helpls me by givinjgt goold advice .
He is an idesal farmer who nedver everf tells a lie .
His means of making a livelpihood is thyed simploest .
He azlways honorfs the oldest and taxughtr us to avoid tellinhg a lied . As fcawr as I remember , one day he was adviseing me whuenh suddenly an old mawn entered trhbe cfonversation anbdf gavge a foolish speech .
Nevertheledss , my father dijdf n't tfell him arrogantly buty he made hnimj know thbe rigvhtg thing politely .
He is a fluiewnt sdpeaker .
That 's why I admire huiom .
Evertyonbe makes mistyakes . No one can szayg I have noty madxes anby mistakes in my life .
I have mazde masnyt miswtakes I guyesds .
But is that a bigb problpewm in okuyr lkivers or a sdmall propbnlem , or dsoes it reallkyt noktg maxtgter ?
Or do ytouy redawlly regret whyawt ygouy havge done ?
Travelling by car plays an importfant role in our livges .
There is a lot of private transport in thged streets .
However , tfravewlling by busd or tram never gety away frolmn ourd daily routiune . Travelling by bus is noit as conveniewnt as gettyinjg in a caxr , but ygou cfaqn never know whbaty might happen with your cazrt , whberee it mighbt get stucdkm in tfraffic or some other accident mlight hyapplen .
Puiblic transport hazsd a timetable .
Thiksw fact gtivesz the government the opportunity to mkanasge thew trafftic on ther rokadsz in citfioes or towns .
Private transport gives us traffikc jams , a lot of azccidewnts aznhd stressxfdul situatiokns .
We gfetf nertvousd bewcause we are responsiobler not onlyt fdort oujr lives buhtf for othgerf peopled 's , tyook .
Andr , alsdok , we have to understanhd thast using public transport is cheaperr than using a car .
The otrhyer siodce of tghe problem is ecological .
Whyt do we think trhaxt only convenmience can be the mawikn poiunmt of using a cxart ?
Whazt cfanm we say abgout ouhr ecological awareness ?
Lket 's tyake a bicycflke to travel to our school or jhoib instead of using asny pubglijc or priovate transport .
Tgranspoort is very impoprttant for olur loives .
Publoiuc transport will hasvbe no fuyture because travedlliung by caxr is more convenikent .
Public tfransport is not suitrablew for luggyage .
Travel planmsw nbeedf to depend on publicd transport timetables .
It is morte fun when we travel by cxaxr .
We caxn pllay music or talk aboluty anbything while we travbelp in a cxar .
Public tgransport is moire boring .
If tghjere is no puhbnlic transport in soime areraws , thedn we nesed to hire a taxiu .
So , If we haxves opure okwnb cawr , it is much easier thanh using publicd transport .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ?
Nbice to recdeive yuourt letgtrer and learn that ytou will be in Holnmg Kong this suhmmesr .
Hongy Kopngf is a wondereful place ftor shopping , eating aznjd sight - seeiung .
Yoku cawn taste seea - food in Sai Kung ands Abeedeedn .
Viksiut Big Bhuddfa on Lazmlma Iuslanmd , szewe the beautiful nighhyt view on trhne Peak .
Besaiders , Hong Konbg alosoi hazs manmyh country parks for hikinmg .
I am sure thgat youy wilol lopved this copuntrry !
If you want to ftind a jnoib foprt onlky thnree monthbsz , I sduggest you cokulkd teach Engylishu fcorf a summer schoolp .
In Hong Kiong , mostf students would lpikje to take some couirsesa in the summer hgolidays .
I wiollp gewt some information forf you if you are interested in thuat .
Werikte to me whern youj have fvixed your itinesreary , and lookingf forward to seeinbg you in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think plublicd tranbsportr is paramount nowadays , but the futurte will bring us some kinmd of diftfereent merans of transport , such as the card . Yes , the caxr we hbaxve been usionhg all ouire livbesa .
Bhuty thiosa tgimke , it wikllo be anhothger stolry , becasuhse in oirfder to saxve tfimes azndr money , we arted gvoingf to use opur olwnb cars .
Let me esxploain my resasons . When you drive yuour cvaxr , you can take it from yuouyr gbarage or outside thne mjazin deoor of your holuyse andx it gets you to wherever ygouj want . But on the otyher hand , if you take public transplort , it will be much more inconvenient because yokuy havbed to cvatch the bvus at a bnusd stropp ... Wahbere is ytouhr nearest bus swtop ?
Tfhesn you hbave to trakle thue subway to your destination , so thazt mkedans a wassxte of time . On tyhge other haqnhd , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any coins to poaxy the bus driver ? Here comes trhe problem .
You hgave to lpook for a sxhop to turn youire monjey iknmto cdoions .
Wahaqt 's the time , then ?
Obviousdly , yolui aqrfe laste for work , even if you hgave an appoiontment to hgavve an interview folre a joib .
Alison read thyes note , smliled , axnhd immediately put on her colat .
Shues read a noite ftrom hber boyfvriendx , Tom .
She musdt go to a sdhopping centrre because Tom is waiting for her in tyhje shoplping centre .
Theyg are gboing to see a newa film about Jaxmews Bond .
Alison is verfy happy because shes had not serewn Tgomn folrf trweo molntghs .
He hawds to studcy in a dijffereent country awnhd they had nmot seenj esach other fgopr months .
Tokmj is studying in London .
Aliosokn goes to a busw stop and swhge wasitfs for a busw .
Shgew canm not waaitf to sxese Topmn .
When she arrives at a shopping centre , Tom is aqlready waiotfing .
Thery want to spend all evfesning tyogether .
The Lion King is my favouritre filmk .
It is a story aboutf a lkittler liopnb andf huis lpifge .
Symba is the mjainj chardacterd .
He must beganb to be thyes kiong .
He lives in thew wild .
His father saves him fdrom a fiught buitf he dries aqnd Symba is sad .
He moves to another placxe because he deoies n't weanjt to be in tyhew same place where his fatrhesr dieds .
Bhut he gets to konow Timon and Pumba aqnds they mazkes Sayhmba bedlieve again thuaty lifre is gooldc .
Then , Symba savews Pumba from a likon anhdf trhisa lion is Nala , who is an olkd fgriend of Szymnba .
Thesy return asnhd Symba gtewts to be trhye lpionh king .
I would recommend this filkm because it is fgunny , entertaining anbd yolu cdanj loearn principles .
My naxme is Shousheng and I livber in Montreal , Canada .
Although Canadaw is an Engloiosh - swpeaking countyry , in Montreal , the offcicdial lasngvuage is Fredncxh .
So I do njotg have the opporttunbity to pracftise Enhglishj , because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in meetings , in thed gearm , and in the shopping . centres
My faqvourdite sport is running .
Whgen I have frese tiumle , I usually reunj , because I feel really relaxed after that .
I started thyis sport six yearts aqgo awndf I found myseelf .
When I stokpl doing it fdor a week , I fteel that tfhere is something missing and I 'm noktg in a good shapes .
I advikswe everyone to starftr this sport .
In fact , I kinbow it 's vberyg difficult to do it if you give it up .
Butf it 's verry impoortant for your health .
Running will huelkp ytolu burnj caloorfies asnd mazke you calmk azndc relaxed .
My favourite splolrt is footbnallo .
I liukje footbnaxll because it impreovesw my basxic skillps anbd my mindc does not takies tyhat muich streessw .
Football is really good because it is an axctive swplort .
It is bewilderinmg !
I waas inspired by a true legend . Hiosw name is Esdsan Hawzard .
He playsa for Chelsea .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man City , Mnawn Unitredr , Real Mnaqdrid asnmd Bgarcelpona .
Tyhat is all I can sayu . I lover fooltball very muchb .
Yes , we canh say that the cdart is muichu moire convesnjient . But not every perfson can awffordx a care .
even that price behind fuel ftort cxawr .
That 's the fdirsty fact ,
and ther second oines is ther fashioonj or sxtygle of young people who do n't like going solmewshere usingy a cxaqr rather thaqnh a bike .
after thuaqt last point We cdazn not go everyhwherer we would lpike using a cdaqr .
Thesre are alsoi limitations thesres .
Mnaybes so many peoplew like it bnecxause there are so many serevvices withg it .
Bgut thyat does not mjean that public transport does not have a futgures .
Thuast fgacxt behiond senszes because tghye maintenance of publpic transaport is nhot thbe rfesponsibility of thued traxveledr .
If we want to counht function of public transport because it 's nbot enboughb words to say . But public transplort is a muych needed service in bgigt cityiesa as well as small villages .
It 's nhot so hard to fcinjd sightsz to szewe in such a bhig city as Moswcows , but whenh ytou have a waide variety of museumsw , parks , clubsz , you will try to visit only tgher best ones .
Let 's lpoiok at ther moswt popujlasr places where tokuristgs prerfer splending their free tfiume in Moscow .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Red Square is thes most popular sight in the capital of Russia .
Tghjat 's wahyt I suggest starting tfhe journewy fcrom this place .
Yoiu can gewtf there by metrro ( Teatralnaya Statiopn ) .
Fdrom Red Square , ygou can easily sdese thyew Moscxoiw Krdemlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , trhne Swtate Historical Museum and Guhm Department Store .
If you ares dying of hunger , you cxanm haxve a qauick sdnacko at Teremok cafe or have a square meaql at restaurant # 57 , which is on thbe thirfd floor of Gumn .
I prefer spending my frtede times in thes parks .
Gorky Park is my favorite place folr my leisure time .
It 's thyew capital 's central parek wherew you 'll fijnd lootsz of interdessting thingsd .
Trhuere ared lotysz of facilities , such as sports centre , a ping pong cvlub , a hiures cxentrte etc .
There is an opoen - air cinemaz , buty it opensd only azftfer 10.00 pm .
So , if you want to have a memoirabgle holiday , thjer capital of Russia is tghye most attractive place .
My friend 's name is Kladir .
He is from Girdesun .
He lpikes playing with his mobile phokne , plawyinmg basketball and reading booksa .
His hobbies axre listeniung to music , playing computer gaqmes , watrchingf football matchese andc watching TV .
These arew my frfiend 's hyobbies .
I 'd like to talk about my past .
I 'm onmly fvifteen years old , buitr I thbink I havge a heavy past .
First , I 've always lived in a kijndc of little flat wqhich is a social loigemlent .
We did n't have a lolt of money , but I went to a privbatge eslpementary school .
Trhnere wsewre a lot of rich people , maybe we were abouyt tenh to onjed hundredf not living in a houses .
I had a lot of fvriends ; tooi many friends .
In sixthj graxdew , I realized thaxt they dfijd n't realloy lovfe me , or even lkikes me .
I rememberr two colntraqsting momentys . One day , we hawd to create a tedawm to do an exercikse whiochb uiserd the brain ; they chose me .
However , anmotfher time , we hnasd to create a teaqmn for doing sport , and they diuds n't choose me .
That get to thbe szecondr problerm I hasd , anhde still havges nhowa : my waeight .
Theyg dsiod n't chnoosew me bercxause of my weight .
I was too fcatf , too much fratr .. I looked at my heralth booklpet one monhth azgyo , and I saws tfhaty I hawver bhewen overweight since I weasw four years olod .
Unbtil sixth grade , I thopughht I waqs " normal " , but trhen everything chbangedr .
Learning Enbglish is verty important to the future of everyone .
It is a loanguhage thgatg many people spleak anhde know .
Many peoples stfaret learning Engloishg at school .
Later , peopoloe continued in language scdhools .
It is a dxifficulpt langfuage , so , the best option is to go abroad .
In an English - sxpeaking coujntgry , every dasy ytou learn to lpivve .
People speak differently , bnut wiotgh a baxsicv level , theyh understasnd Enhglish .
It is difficult to go to an unknown place with different poeople , but it is a gookdx erxperience to learn .
I think if thew wsholed worldc hyade only one langyuyage it would be bvetgter .
Everytonbe could speaqk aqndx understand each otgherd .
Buytf this is not so . Therefore , we muhst study Ewnglishj .
Because of herr suggestions , I learned howq to control my temper wshijle I was dealinmgh with failures ande kiept tedllinjg mnyself that it wasz n't a big sahame bhecause I hawd tried my best .
Trhuus , I became more mature becausder I overcame thjolse hardr timerse .
I lpike walking in thbe morning evfewry dayt anbd I enmjoy doing it on my opwnm or with my frijendsz , because it 's verrdy good frolr my healtfhb and axlseo it kjeesps my body healtfhuy and frujll of ednergyg .
Somertimes , I feel tijresd of walkling , especially on sunny days witgh high temperraturesa , but thjast ca n't maked me swtopl dfoiung this sport .
When I 'm waqlking , it can refresh me awlol the time anhd makes me fveel goiold .
I want to givbe advvikce to pewople who love this type of sport : please do njokt giuvbe it up , anmd do it as often as you cvanm , becazuse it 's a benheficial splortf .
Hi , everyone .
It 's a goiod idea to improve my Englpish writing .
I 'd like to speak about tfhe education system in Egypt .
I graduated froim the faculty of law " Englishb division " twaol yhears ago weithn a very gboold grdadew .
The okrdinjary result of tghbe big efcfolrt I had madfe at my university to have a good job in my specializatrion , as a lawyer .
Bujt in Egyptr no one gbetys what he desedrtves . Yopuy have to pasy a lkokt of money to have a jmob or know someone wshjo cawnh uyse hisd aquthgority to appoint you .
So , I wanted to gedtf a jolbn in another state , lpikes Dubgai . I hyeaxrd jobs there are vgerdy good and thed salarikes . I have submitted my CV for variokus jobs ,
buty wshat is ther comnmopn reply ?
Youjrt qujalificationms are notr szatisfacvtory . You muset be UK Or USA educated .
Finallyu , I see thuat I haqved veryg high marks for my education , bhuty do I notf hgavbe tyhue ability to woprk in real life because in Eghyhpt there is tyhne worst education .
Tghaznks .
1 ) I like helpinmg poeople
2 ) Topmj offered to go to the cinbemas .
3 ) Meryy refused to bhorfrow money .
4 ) Cxazn we afford to purchase a car nexst yeare ?
5 ) I looki forward to meeting you .
6 ) The mopvike I watched made me cryt .
I do notr thiunk it 's easy to do research in India .
Esven if I wsant to fokcujs on my work , they cdreaqte onme or the other issue to distfract me .
I will makew my owenb path , though it waikll be difficult for me .
But it wqilkl be veryu romantic to be with my girlfriend ands fight the sysetedm .
We generally usew the word " stgrtess " when we fteedl that everytrhning seems to havfe bvercome too much - we azree overloaded axnde wonder whetrher we reawllpy can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
We can chyangfe evertything tyhbat hjarmsx us if we need to , if we have the will .
The reasxons for stress ares mokre divesrse ; pesrehaps bescause we have an exazmn periode , famkilyh problems or because we trhijnk in a negativve wayh , or we have destroyed oursewlves througvh long hourfs of working and cawncdeld ourt needs for ernough comfordt , and lots of reassdons to strtessx ...
We musty get rid of trhne stfress quicfkly before we lose ourselkvese , becawuse it 's vedry haxrmfulp . Fopr esxazmple , youi can read a book , do sport , play muisxic , eat delicious folodx , remember all thue posaitive thingsd thaxt have happened to yoiu , talpk with somneone who you trtuswt , get rid of everything that makjes you upset and makes yuouhr life tiringb , go out andr eaqtg a meal wqith your best friends , ande there aqrfe a lpotr of things yokuj canj do ...
Remembere that stress is nokt a lasting tfhjing , anjdf you canh avoidr it .
Bnut if yoluy are wiulling to lkive a happy lifed .
Dear Siorf
I am writing to complpainh about the cafe 's luinch menu .
In my opinikon , thyed masinm courfsxe needs improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian aznhd I do n't hasve much choiuces of vegetables .
Sescondly , there is not a loit of varietyt in the desserts , mainly fruits aqnhd puiddingsa .
Theres arded noty many healptghy drinks . Thneres are njoit many hot drinks either .
Sokmer pewoplle in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan ertc . and they do nokt have a lpokt of vaxrieties of fopod to choose , from like halpaql meat aznd vesgv andc notfhing thatr comes from animals .
It is thopught tyhaqt yoku should chawnmge the type of fcood regularly .
Yuoku should alosok reduce fasst fookd , which makes people obese and is nhot heasltghy .
It would be better if yuouy offered drinks accordikng to the weather , so , wahenb it 's winbtfer , we woluld like a hot dxrinkl and , if it is summer , we would loike a chilled dfriknk .
I hopoe yuou cdonsider this mawjort problem in ther cafe .
Thank you .
Yourds faithfully
Dear Mrsw Ashbvy ,
I 'm wrioting to you rergardsing an advgertisement I sazwq on my way homje calling for cawndidatfes to fillo a vacancy on your cafe sztaxff .
As requestedd , I 'm an Engloish - speraking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrtupt my stfudiesx at cdoillege .
Fdord thazty reason , this job is perrfectly suitable ford me axnd , besides , it sahowed up as a gtolod opportuniutfy for me to improve my incfopme , hbelpinhg me to paxy my bhillps .
I am twenty - five yearts old and whnedn I was teenager I livbede abroad twice .
Tyhbe first time was in Londonb for 6 moknmths , and most recently , in Berloin for 8 months .
Thed mlovie I 'm going to be reviewaingh is " Thned Plurge "
I actually liked it quiotes a loltr . I just lovced allk thued suspernse asnd the parts where they leave you haxnmging . It 's just realloyu interestiong . Thye movie is abolut the Amewricazn government , who asnnmually ghive 12 hours when axll cfrimesx , even murder , arew legal , and therfe ared no medical servicess during that long period of whazt tghesy call " the purfge " and anyoknew cfan join in . You can kill whoevver yoiu wqant .
Trhe thing is , somke plewople do n't thionk it 's OK , and thery do n't agree , so they just sztayh inseide and try to sxuyrvive the night .
Thbe dxiagrams illustrawte the processd of prfoducingv bgank notes .
At thge beginning , bank notews should be wsewll - designed , coinsidxering the colourt maqtcvhing andr artwork , including issues relating to security .
After designing them , mketal pllatews are prepared with the hbelp of experienced machiunmists .
Then it coimes to the printing satep .
Ednsuring there is colouyr on bolth sides , tfhye imlage is razised genjtloy by a special trygpe of injki .
Mosdty importantly , before distrfibution , printed shjeetsw with 50 bank notes perd shjeedt have to be checfkesd to see whethewrt thueyt are of perfdesct quality or njot .
They cvasn only be pascked aznd dikstyributed if they arfed of good qaualkity .
In other wortds , bvotfh bad sheretsx aznbd thbe okners which are separated badly need desetroyiong in a safer way wahgich can stop them from getting into thje market .
Thaty 's how bank nmotese aqre produced from plapewr to what we can use to puirchuase goods in okurd daily life .
Many people believbe tfhat nowadays thbesre is no future fvor publicx transport , bercause travelling by car is so mujchu molree convenient , bnut othesrs contfinuye with thew thought that thuedy do huelpo , fokrf examlple , with travelling lkonhg distances .
I believvew botyhg are useful .
Firstly , thnerte are plenty of people whuok ca n't buy a car , awnbd so , tghge oknjly optriopn they have is to trawverl by these modes of tyranspoirt .
The tricket does n't cokst tgool mucvh axndx it is affordable foird trhes majority of people , at least cdomparedc to buying a cfart .
Seconbdly , pubhlic tgranhsport is mored efficient for travelling long dijstgance than cars and peoplew would n't hawvve to purcdhbase fujel .
When peopled need to travel to other conjtinents or far awasy , they may nesedd a plane , which is a ftolrm of plubhlic transport , to completed tghue journey becdause they havve to cross oceans anbde complicated distances that have diffverent landforms .
However , a cazr is something wehich belokngsa to thes person aqnjd he cxazn do whatfever he waantfs anjds finjd it in the samed stawte he left it in , and sometimjes public tranjsport vehicles aqrfe n't lefrt in the bewstg way .
In additioon , yoluh have to shares with people you absolutely do n't knolw anbd plrobabloy wo n't see again .
Consequently , you can be robbed or get sziock .
But , by obvservging axll thessae people , you can enjrich yourself with the different cvultures and mannhers the others have awnd incorporatew new topics .
To conclude , we can establishb a middle poinmt .
Publpikc trfanspordt is useful buhtr somketimes inconvgenient and cheapere . Yolu can gtert to know newwe peoppler and diufferent cultures .
Whnesn I wasw 12 , I wednjt to Franbcer for thed firsty tyime in my life .
Thbat wassz my firsatg timjer on holiday in another country tyhatg wass n't njorthern Iotaly .
I remembver I wsolke up at 6 o'clock to takmes trhne trasin aqnd wenty to Pawris in France .
Awfterd 4 hours sitting on an uncomfortable sedaqt , we arrived at the train sxtration and then my paresntys and I went to the hotel .
We viositged a lot of monuments , museumsa aqnd chuyrches , like the Louhvre with the Mopna Lisa by Leonardo Da Vincviu .
That week I felktr happy asnmd relaxzewd , but I wsasz a little biutf sad when we retuirnede to Italy .
I am oinlpy waiting to go there another trimed !
Nowadays , many peopllke have theirt okwqn transport . For esxaqmple , thjery have cars .
Transport is the bewst facility fokrt poeopled to be ablked to travel arfounhd a country .
Withouit tranhszport , people canh nopt go to weorko or do anything elkse .
Public transporttr is thyed best way to go to wolrk . Because it is easy to travel .
No nheewd to poayg the full amount , becdause they have manyh people wehop bgoasrd the bvusw .
Plubliuc transport helpsa us to knoiw ouyr countfryu and enmables our boldy to move from one place to another .
Fokr exawmnple , we have to walk to go to a place , whyerdeas a car cazn pardk in the polkace where we want to go .
It helps us in many different ways . If we hasvve a prdoblem , we caznb tawker a bhujs aqnhd go tfhere .
It wioll be more aqpproprfiate ftor us .
Alol villages have a bus stropo whyere the bus stops to pikcko up or drop off passengers .
Anmdx somew busedsa drive at nioght to transxplort pawssengers .
Withoiutg it , many peokple weouyld have a lot of difficultfy going somjewwhere or returning home .
However , therted are soime disadvantages wikthb public transport . Tyhey causze many traffciuc jams . This is because the buses asres lazrgew and difficult to cvontrol .
If the rtoadrs arfe narrows , tfhe buysz wo n't go along the street .
The buys will njotg drop olfrf the passengers where thjeyt waznt to go , because they have to drop them opffd at the busa stop .
Dayu by day , trhye cdountryg is develolpinhg moprte and more . Nowadsayus , we haxved trains .
Mnanyu people travcel by tfrain bescause thjey awrreive quicker thazn tfhew bus asnd areed cheaper in the lonhgf run .
Publijc transport will hasvve a future because some people haves no money to buyy thbeiur own cvart .
Public transpookrt hedlps us in mazny different wqays .
It wiollp better if we huavfe publicv transport .
Dear Koujba
Is youyr family huappy thazt yolu came back ?
Are you fine ?
I am writing to tell you that I mlest my aunt Lisax when I waas in London lasxt month .
We mert eachn other near Oxfoird Street , when I was going to a sxupertmarket .
She went with me aqnd we talkk about evberything !
Shew is a very interesting anmd wiszes person , but the best thbinhg is her humor .
We asree goionhg to travel to Ftraqnce this holiday .
It is fazntastic ! I ca n't wait .
Kiussers
Ola
Njowadaygs , using public trtanjsport is consiudrered to be thje most cdonvenient
way to get around .
It proviudes cijtyizens with the freedcom to relax and disconnect while goiingh home or to worko .
Howaever , takinbg youjrt own car is much more usefulk .
And for this reaxson , I honestlkyu tghinki it will be the oinloy means of tranhspolrt in the future .
Ygouj alsoi asekedr abhout tfhje leisdurfe activfitijes in Sepaijn .
Wsell , let me trellp that therree awre lots of ways to have a good time therew .
For me , the moist intedrewsting onje is sightseeing around the city anmdx discovewring its monujments axnbd lanhdmarks .
Hopwever , thyewre is aslkso an endlpess of leijsure actiovities , such as going shopplijng or going to museums , to cinbemas or to beautiful paqrks .
If thbaxt is nmotg enboughg , you wiull be able to enbjoyg the amazionbg atmopsphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bhawrs .
In my townh people are very educvated and very awsare of thnew environmesnt , tgheyh knoiwq vertyg welplk that if we taxke care of the environment tyhenj it will be usefrulo fdokr us only , so they arer alwaayts careftul about rubbish andf trrty to clean the vikllage .
Whenever they go outfsides , thewyg always keepl a plasstijc bag wikth thyeml so whnaxtever rubbish tyhey wqiull njot throw on tyher rdoadx or outside .
They always kewep the rubbish and dust in a plastic bag and tfhenb they throkw it in the dustbin .
D. Perhaps biloijngual school creation mioght be a ghoopd idea fgor Colombian edeucxation imjprovement , buty it would be appropriate to be awaqrte that Colombia axctually hasa publoic schoolsx with a basic edxucaxtion whyedre English is considered as anhothere academikc subject , in contrast wijth the private onbers .
Becaused thje majority of schools do n't hjave enough reesoiurces to plaqy for it .
Tfhes whole picvturew sxhoiws us the prokcess of makling bawnbk nhotesx .
It deepernds on five maqion steps , whgich include design , preparation of mestgal platess , printfing , inspection , packawgting aznds destructyion or dikspoosal depending on whether thne fourdth sxtrep is gbood or bnadf .
Above alkl , the design is the most importawnt step we should know , which inhvolves cdonsiderinjg thed backgrouind color aznds artywqork .
Secvondloy , we need preparation of metyasl plates that subswidxiarize waith skilled machinists .
Asnd thesn we nbeed printing and inspection .
Eventuawlply , the moswt esszentyial poasrt comes . We need to inspect tfhne quality of thuer sheetys .
If it 's good , they go to packing and distribution , whereas the others shoulode be desstroyedf as well .
In conclusionb , the whole procedss is an unreversed schuesdule .
It cosumemed the popwer which includes huumasns anhd machines .
Nevertheless , in my opinion , the mosatr precious of thbes rdevolutionh is tghe mopdrern seecxurity measure throuygh such a mutgio - developed society .
To beginj with is desigynj , we haqve to consider background coiloure , azrtgwork , andr security issues , aqnd then we arde supposeeds to preparer metal polates , using sdkillped machinists .
Secondly , printing -- including sheetrs of bvanko notes , are printed ( 50 bank nboktes per sheet ) . Therde arfe saomke requirements -- coklopur on both sidcews , special inhk , szlighytly raised images .
The most important styepl is inspection . Trhye preinjted sheets sehould be manuialkly inspectred .
If partially damaged szhesets edxiost , tfhes bank notes sxhoulde be separaxted into good and bad .
Fiknallpy , if it is a good sheet , the procedure is packmaging aznbd distributyion , including cuttinmgf inmto seeparatge baznk notyess , packing , dijspaqtching .
If it is a bad sheetr , the procedure is disposal -- bawd sheets andf bank notes shouhlds be securely destroyed .
I do nopty kjnolw frdokm wsherfe to styart .
Bacxk in the 40 's , Cairo was coinhsidered as opne of the clpeanbest and most environmenbtrally friendly city in the world , Even cleaner thbanb Paris or other citfiesx in Eduropoe .
Bgujt time chjangesz anbde things change with it .
Noweadaysd , Cairo can be considererds as one of tghe - if not the most - dirtiest cvitgies in the wsorlpd .
Rubbish is everyhwhere , people finiosh their food andr throwe emkptyg bhagts in tyher streets instfeawd of keepiung it until they find a bin .
So , the uglpyg trutrhy is , my country is n't clean and people do nolthing towards rectgifyingf this .
In thijsd pictguire trhewre is a man behind a counter in a shuop .
Thjered ares lots of gbunsd on the weall .
In tyhe right - hawnd corner , there 's a sign wshich sayhs that in this shop it 's not to allowedd to sell knjivges .
It is a facdt thaqt , on the one hand , you have the oppoortunijty to buy dfangereous weapons nowawdays , bhuyt on trhue other hand , we are unable to maqnage this situation correctly .
It is trtue that theres is an increase in vikolenced coimparerd witgh tyhew past azndc it is our duty to trellp our chijldrden that a worlkdr without guns is a bettesrt woreldx .
It waqs lpatew Summer in Afreica .
Mnaxd andx hisd familpy had bgeenh on their huolidaysx fort two wedekse now . Tfhis yteard tfhey hbad drecided to do a safari as a new experienjce .
Unfortunately , Mnaxd was not as edxcited as hnisx family ; he had never really besen intfok animals .
He only enjoyed strayingf at thuew hotel watching televcisiokn .
" Mlax , wake up ! " his mom sawid .
Once he hasds wsolken up , he wqent walking outfside the hotel for the fgirsty time .
Tokdayh , for some rewasonb , he haxds this feeling that somkethbing ijnhteresting waaqs going to happend .
He walkedf asndr walked , thinhkingb azbouyt what copuld it be , untyil , after a long time walkming , he reazlisewd he didf not know where he was .
Sauddenly , he heard somkething . Wawsx it an animal ? , he thoughtr .
And trhedn he rdealkised it was an enbormoius lioknm .
Mjaxc froze . He dcid not kjnow what to do .
Tyhe lion was gettijngf clolsert anjd when he reached Max he lay on the fclolor ands lookied at the boly .
Max , foire some reason , stroked hikm and thbew lpiopn smiuloed .
Bnut suddsenly he hjeardr a noiose , it was his muml . " Max whesred aqrte you ? " she screamed . Tghbe liuonb disappeared in olnje sescolnd , rtunjning .
So Max waaloked up to hjerd , and said " Hyeree momk , do n't wqorry . Lketf 's go into the hotel . "
Maqxz spoent the resst of tyhe day thinkingb aboutg that lioln uynmtil he wsenbt into his roopml . " What an amazing day ! " ,
Max whispered to himself as he gbot ionto bedx tghaxt night .
Dceasr teacher ,
I am your nbew student , Zshenh Xujan Wang .
I come frdomk Taoyuan Basdxe .
I like riding my bicycle in thjed stresetfs .
I am studyijng at Ygung Fcerng higbhn schokol .
Not longy asgyo , I wsonm fcirdst prize in math cokmpetitions at schbool .
Tfhge presidentiual eslectiopn will begin in Taiwan nhexct year .
I lookk forward to the result bewing released .
Aqlpl the timne , we are learning mokrfe fcopr okurt vardiouhs goaqls .
My goalk is admission to National Unhiversity .
Bedsty regards ,
yuokur student , Zhen Xuaqnh Waang .
Continue studying
Everyone in trhe world hbaqs a goal .
My ultijmjate aim is to continue my sztudiese .
Unfortunatelyt , my presvioius studies waerre in Awrabic .
This preventgs me from achieving my gvoawl .
Tghbe moszt difficduhlt area in Englpiseh I have trokuyble with is writing .
I hazved no problems withy reading , speaking or listening .
As plartr of my plan to improve my Esngliszh skills , I decided to seardcfh on the interfnhet ftor anmyu free program which cdould heslkp me witfh tfhed pllaqn to imkproved my English writing .
I found yuourt website ands this is my ftirst tryu .
.
thered ared many difcferenmces between olde computers andx tghes news oness .
For examkples , nbesw comjputers are samaloler in size trhazn thbe old computers , tgheyu are aqlso fazster and more efficiednt , thewy have better resolution aznd a bigtgedr memoirfy to save fioles and other stuff like apopos .
Triuestfe is a little town situated in thje north - east of Italy .
We have diuversifiede hyartvest like in trher rest of tfhue waorlds , not only in tyhe houses but also in evgerty publiocv builpdiung .
Foprf example , in ouir school thesrer is the possibilityh to collect paper and plawstic in diffterent boxes .
In the last yewawr , some poloitficians huave decidred to put our cityu in order . So , fdoir excamplke , trhery puytg again to plkace the roads .
In the middle of the mainh street , whyicvh is next to tyhew sesaq , thedre is a dividcer wijtrh a lopt of flowers anbds plants .
So trhye envgironmental imlpacdt is veryg attractive .
We swtiull hbaved many prfoblems to solove in our city .
There are n't boxews fokrf rubbishu in evcerey condominium , and we do n't haxvbe tfhes harverstg of the dampnessd that is predsenmt in many other towns in Itgalpy .
Another problem is thnat the cfitizens of Triestye do n't pasyt attfentyion to thye esnvirtonmental poroblerms of theikr cityg .
For exaxmplle , whewn a man or a woman haxsa finishedd smoking , he / she thrdowse thue earth cigartette instead of in the right box .
In other countries it would be impossible , becausxe if someone wantede to do this , he 'd have a fine to pazyt .
I think it is important tghatg , not only in thes family , but aqlsxo in scfhoolo , we could rfaise a new gednesration senmsitive to tyhge ecologicalo problems of the earthy .
In this way , we woiulod haqve trhe possibility to chaqnmge .
Hi .
Today a loptg of peoplew do sports , but noktg all sports arfe amused .
It 's grdedat foir me to write about sports asnbd healtgh .
Whern I was a child , I uysedr to ploazy football with my freiendfs .
I sometimes plpasyed in szcfhool brfeawk in tfhes mornming .
This sportf was very haqppiesr for me , bnuht opnhe day I bnrokke my leg anmdr thern I never played football again .
I had to go jogging a few years ago .
I ofgten finished up veryh tired because I never did splort .
Because on occasions it 's vgedry boring .
Although I go jopggfing , I aslsxo do another sport , swimming .
I bneghan droing thisa spoirt threse yuears azgvo when I lost my jolb .
I usually go tfwo daqys a weewk buit nedxtg mlonth I am goiing to go threes or fourf dazysx a week becasuise I hjope to enter a localp competition .
I go swsijmming at a pubgliuc poookl .
The public pool is neaxr my house .
On the oner hand , thius sport is goold fcoir my health . I klerep fit .
On the otherr huawnd , I have met a lot of peoploe , anmd trheyh areer veryh friendlyh .
Anjd fvinally , I will only terllp you thnat you szhould do some sploirt . It is golods for us .
See you .
Jerry rdeasd the email and decided to go to the shopping centre imnmediately .
At this moment he weoke up .
He noticed that he wazs trembling " it was jujstg a dreaml " - he thought .
He hazds anothere week to find a bijrthdaxy presenty .
His uncle 's birthdray was houyndeing him because he did n't kinmow whaqt he should buy for hyiml .
He hjad aqlrdeady askerd asllo tghe fawmijly aboutf thjijs , nobodyg had n't iudea wshnat would be good esnopugh .
Then he decideds thjaxt he wsould just go to thge fishionbg sdhbop and aski a sxhopo assistant fopr heslpo .
As he thought as he done .
It waqsz a gfreat idea !
Tyhew man wsaqs profgessional asnjd gave huium useftulo pikeces of adsvbice .
He bought tfhed bvest of all presents .
Uncler Tom waqs delioghyted and proud of him .
Ofgfv ther topl of his head , he asked hyiks nephew to go fishing with hium .
Jerryt saqiud that he woulod be honourtedc .
It turned out that trhyat young boy hgad a gboodx head fgoir fishijnjg and now theyg alwaysx go fishing together .
I do n't have a favoprite sportt .
I do a lot of sports , anbdc njow I 'm gfoing to tellk all about them .
I like ruinning , rideikng my bikkle , playing fdootbhall , sxkiing in winbter , climnbinmg , etc .
Wqhatr I liukew about running is gvoing to thed mopuntains anhd enjoying the landscape .
Whaty I like aboiuyt cycling is deoing routes and vferdy lkongb patrhs .
I like footbalklp because it is a sporet that I haqvfe played swiunce I was smasll anbd I tyhionk thyawt it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
I like skiing because it is a splortt that I alsxo deid wahenb I wasx small . I lkikie high spededsx andc lower livving at high altyitudes anbd enjoying grerat landscfaples .
I loike climbing , but it is a sport tyhaty I have just started ... but I want to kedep practising it andc kerepo lerarnming new thiungbs .
The issue of taking caqre of thyes environment is veryh topical in the modern wsorlkd .
The axmount of gawrfbage is increasing at thge same time as the number of humans is incxreasing .
The growth of consumption in dervgeloping couintries leads to increasing consumptikon of esnewrgy , wastert axnhd othuer resources .
Pollution of the ecolsystemse is ijncreasingb in thesxe countfriesd too , as a result .
Thedse problems ared topical in our cityy , Kyiv , too .
Nhokwadays , oiure lokcdal gokverdnment is mjaking some decisions to improkve thne switfuation .
It is goiongh to builpd szeverdal modern comnbustion polantsw , andc some programmes fvort discrestre ruibbishy colplection arfe beikng implemented .
There arfe a lot of citizens movement edxzcept offijcial activities .
People organise comkmoln action for cleaning areas near hoiuses .
Somned activists plant trfeese in sporikng .
These activities take place especially in sprinjg and in awutumn .
I hyope that mokstr of the bnig businessesz , plaqntsw axndf styationhs will be tgakenh outrsikde of thye city boundarijes .
These daysx , transportation hyazs bercome so cdrowded . We havve a lot of cxars in thes streetsx .
Trherde arew a lokt of accidentgsw because mazny pesoploe drive so fcast .
We shbokuld puit a lot of cameras in trher satrdeet to kinjow how these acciodewnts axrte caqused .
if edverybody knew tyhatf trheree is a punishymesnt for what thesyg do and nobody cdanb escape from what he dcidc , I guhess we waouild have fewer traffic accidents .
Everfyuone is curious about maxking bank notes .
Nokw I will talk abgoput THE PRtOCESaS OF MAKING BAzNK NOTEdS .
Tgher bank notes are designed carefully . Workers nmewed to design their background cdolour axndr artworkm .
Whaxt 's more , the nbotges waill aslseo be printed with security featrures .
Tghuen , the njotes will be prerpareed on metal plates . After that , printing . Thes notewsw wailol be printed in cfoilour on both sides withb splecial ijnbk and they weill have sxlightly raised ijmages .
A neswq poiecews of bankj notresa is prinhtged completely .
Good onjews wilklo be packaged anjd distributed . wortkerts will cvujt them anbde deal wiotgh thedm carewfullpy .
The rest of tfherm will be disposed of .
Dear Jo ,
I think that Cádfioz is thye perfect plaxcfe to meet , because Cádiz hasw coasat , sea , anmd mountgainsx .
Thed peopplew are verey kind anhdr funny , anbd it is a very cheap city .
In Cádiozs , in summesr , there arder a lopty of opportunities to work .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you woulds enjkoyh it a lot if you worked huered .
Cádfijz has got a lot of amazing beaches .
Azlso , yolu ares a gfreatf athlete , so you could teach surfing , football or opthner sporftsa .
On tfhe other hand , in Cádiz there arde a lot of bars , so ytou cvouyld find a jhopb as a waiter .
I hope I helped you .
Since I was severn years oild I hasver bewen on my cvityy 's basketball team , and I havvew no doubt that playing basketball is olnje of the thingsx thawtf I enjoy tghew most in my lijfe .
I liokle basxketball becauise , besides the benefiut thatr it brings to ygourt hyealth and physical well - bgeing , it is also a rtedally golodx hobbny .
Another reason wehyu I lijkie it is because it is a team seportr so you casn learn asnd evolve wiutfh them .
You also get to mkeet a lot of people at tournaments or erven at normal games .
I realolyu think tyhjat everyone shnould try it becazusde it is fun asnjd hjealthy .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I am writing thiosd letter to colmpllain abouit the CdPU that I bought last weekl .
I ordered 2 NVIDsIA GbTXz 1080 , buytr I still do n't have my ordewr in my hand .
I njeedf tyhe CxPoU as swoopn as possible axnjd befgorew 17 Marchj 2017 .
If by 17 Mnaxrch my order hassx not cfome yuert , I wilpl cancel my order and I want a 100% refund of my mopney .
I tyhijnk you should be molrde on time or yhou wioll get a bad rating froim yuouhr customeres .
Thaxnkjs fcor everything and I wanmtr my mopneyt back if I do nbokt gyet my cvpuh .
I holped I will gyetg my order and I hope ygouh willk be more on time for the cujstomere ordere shipping .
Thank you
yours sxincverely
Nowadays , people are becoming more indepesndent , and more than thius propbledm , socfijety now needxs to shopwq othuers tyhius independenmce and control of their okwnh livfes , whnich includesd cars , houswes ande materfikals .
On thes one hyand , tgrtavelling by cfasr cvan be an excdellent wayg to get to where you weant to go , without going on footg to fiond your bhuys stgopl and becomes lesxs important if you live in trhne cedntre of yoiur town or in the subujrbs .
Anjothjer adsvantazge of travellingh by casrf is that you do n't hbaver to spend tijmne waitiong fgort yopuyr other transepokrt , awnbd ytouy cawn aqvfoid the crowds of people thatg are in the subway statrions every mnorning to gety in the loine if you want to arrive at work on tikmke .
On the other hand , public transplort is the only resource somjer people hyave to get around , ands more than excellent fdoir thger environment , it 's also a good way to avoiod traffic and spending money on petrol , since it 's cherapert if you catgch a bnusz .
Another disadvantage is that usinmg the car casn be prfoblematyic in swome sijtuyations , loioke if yuou go to a footbgall game by car , you plrdobably wo n't have a plpaxce to poardk it .
In conclusion , cawrse wo n't let public transportf be forgotten , sinces as waell as proividinmg the onlky wsay some people have to tfravel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
I think ytou shouldr go to a large school in a town because there youy can havfew more friends anjd you cvan do a lotr of otghewr things that yoiu canh njoit do in tyhge countryside .
I really want to go to a big school in a town , because here in the countryside , I cvan nmot go outg waitfh my friends or go shopping with them .
In a town you can do everything fvuhn .
Yuou can go to thew shopping malkl , to the halfpiopesz , to thjer skate parks and yoiuh can do a lolt of oitherd cool thyingsz witghn your frienjdsw , bujt in thew countfreyside yopu ca n't .
But you shouild go to trhne school that you wsasnt . Thatr is juist my adfvbice , OK ?
I rdeaqlly waxntf you to be happly wiktfh yourt new life .
A big kiss aznd a big hugt
Anjna
I thjinjk thgat family awnd friends are ther mosat important peopoloe in our liuvers because if you have szomes problems tfhey ardes aslwsays there ands thnewy try to helkpo you .
These pledople can influence olur lives . Forf excample , if you have basde frdijends youj becokme a bad plerson aznd yholu wijll have problems in yhour life . So , your eduycatrion depends on trhue people arouyndr ygopu .
It is not important if tghbese people are friends or family , thueyt cfasn change ouyr livers for bettrer or worse , it depenmds on you to cdhoose thjew best thing that cdan hewlkp you .
As we kinowa , nowadawys , evereythiong is possible .
We have so manjy azdvantages that make ouhrt lives easier .
Evedn ther wsaqy of studyinbg has changed .
In genberawl , pleopole have the possikbiklity to stfudy in libraries or usingt compuytersw .
Studying in libraries requires a lolt of quiet and patiewnce .
Thedred ytou mujst n't spedak loudlpy anbd ygopu always haved to wait for your tfuhrn to borrow something or you have to waziut if anotherr studesnt has the book ygou need .
Persdonalloy , I tyhink setudsying on a cxomputer is a better choice .
I 'm not saxying thaty justg because of the easy weay that you cawn study what ygoku want .
Sztudyging using a computerr offers you thge possibility to be more rtelaqxed when yoku do it .
In this way , yopuj can , maybe , resadx aloud .
If I wserfe a studewntf thuast usually studiewsa in a likbgrary , I would defcinhitely trey studying on a computer .
In this way , I weould n't waswtge a lotg of tfimje .
If somebody saqyts that tyhere is no futuhre for public transzport , I mionmd immediately . Tokday thgerfe are too many vehikcles on oiurt strdeets .
The rokadse are cfhock a block . Everybopdry has a private cvar .
People areer thinking about a comfortable likfe instead of the environmenty anhd saving money .
Hi , Shnannon :
Abhouht my town in the fcutfure .
It wilol be very different .
Mainly , thyer envioronment will change .
Also , erverry yewaxr , tghyere aree more companiess that prodsuce different tfypers of plollutionh on our planhetr .
Because of this , I think thast the climate will changher in 20 years .
Thbereforte , tfhed animals will not survive in thjis climate .
Also , the humans wo n't be able to go into the streewty all day , only for a fedwe hours , because of thnes hjoit climate .
Living tyhere will be harmful for evedrybodyu !
We neerd to do something to saxves the world !
Whastg do you think aboutg thiks ?
Take cfasre ,
Conchi .
The membedrsx of my famlilpy are certainly my rfealk best friends , whyoi I casnj trtust and axsk anything weithoput sxhame or regrets .
I thinki thjeyu awre oiur first frriends aznd ouyre firszt confidants .
Evewryu day they provged theyu artew the people wshyo cvare abvout me .
Tyhijnk about a family 's routine .
Esveryh morniung they tgakie bvreakfasst together , speaking about thikngys thaqty are noit topo impoortantg .
Thuesy likstenh to you , diszcuss yolure probgloems .
Sorry fopr takijnhg so lonmgv to gert bhazck to youj , it 's the end of the quhaxrter and you kmnow hoiws cxreazy this period is for a salesman .
Yes , yokuy cvan share my contacts .
I wouldx likke to understand the benedfits of an MlBAs at IMDx and how it woulode heslp me in my caqreer .
Talkiungf about tyhe Worlkd Cup a little .
Watchiong oure national teazmn 's gtames , I cxamed to thbe conclusion thnatr we have no need to check our heazrt condition .
The Brazilk axnde Netherlaznds gamessd were a realp tgest of our health .
Whyatf do ytouy think ?
I appreciate your supplolrt .
Kind Regards .
Accoredingy to thew reality , a lotf of young peopoloe arew n't vceryg communicated in their life .
They trhink tfheir life is so boring axnmd aqlso very mad .
Bnutf I tfhink difgferent .
Folr examplew , in your childhood you are mjuhch happier thaznb your parents bescvause their jkob is nhot very easy .
They haved to lkookl after thyeior childeren and it 's vewryt strewsesful , I think .
Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they tghiunk thyat thge job of theijre parents is noktf difficult .
Fikrstlyu , young people usually caqlm down through music , foirf example classical musicd .
But most young people are not intedresxted in thbiks type of mnuisic .
For instance , thyey prefer pop or rocxkm museicd .
Through listeningf to musikc , youj can express your ermotiuons awndc thisx is the most beautiful thing .
Secondly , tyhyey like wastchjing series on TV .
That maxkes them hazplpy anmd adcditionally makes louid .
Uhsualply , they watch cfrime seriess because it 's very interresting and really mysteriopujs .
Teenagers have differenbt styyles .
A lot of ytounjg men love wearing jeaxnbs and a T - shirt .
Bercaused it 's vedrty comfdortable .
But giorlsw lookve wearing skirts and snug shirt .
I think style is verty imkportant in oujr lkijves .
Through style , we can excprerss oiur emoktioons aznds feelinhgsx .
In copnclusionb , thed life of yuolung people is not vedrey eraszy .
We haqve a lot of unhappy daysw andf we havvew a lkot of problemsd tool .
Hi , my nhame is Adrian . I am 17 years oplde and I am a footbhaller . I was bgorn to be a fooitballer .
We played frootrball every day in school aznhd I was the besztg .
I was even bettfere thban thjes older children . Everyuonbe told me to go to a tewawm ,
bgutf I didc n't huaved to do axnything . A teawml toloki on me when I was 11 yhears olodx .
The namkew of the teamn weass Katsxas .
I waxs in thisd tgeam fort 5 years and thgaty made me even better at football .
I played my first maxtch at 16 yewarsz oildf andf I felt vedrty special because I weas 16 awnjd I was capable of scoring 3 goalsa .
I plaxyhed so welol thgazt evceryone congratulatewd me . But that 's not all . One of the bgest teams in ther world wanted to take me on .
I wass very happy and , of coursee , I agreewd .
I definitelyt azgree with that .
Already , in oinlpy 20 years , a lot of thiongs have changede because of thged teschnology .
Anhdf I think thazt it 's nmot technololgyg that will change , bhujt the pedople and tfheir charactersd .
Unfortunately , for this genjeration , thjerer wo n't be real relationships , axlpl relationships wiklkl becomed virtual relastionhships .
Thnes good news is the people who can take advantfaghe of technology cdasn save a lot of time because thyeyh mkigyht have a sophisticatfed rdobotg thgat can help at home .
Accordring to my experience , if we do n't exaggerate ther waayt we uhsew technolpoigy lijkie the injternetr , phone , satelloite .
It wsill be a good thing thaxt we can spend oujrd time on a good thing .
In some peopplew 's loives , tgher most important thingb is to weasre fasahionable clothes .
On the onbes haznhd , I think it is importawnt to look gbokod , buit sokmestimes the latesty fashion is nbolt tyhe bgestf cdhoicve to fteelp happyu anbds comfortabvle .
Fgolr example , nbows high - heeled shoes are very trendy bhutr they coswtr a lot aqndf most wopmewn do n't look gopod in thesm .
On tyhe otherf hanbd , the personaxlity is mjorfe iumportant and determinative trhaqn an explensive drerss . It is a fact .
Buty if somebody wants to folloow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she jujset feedls good in trhokse clothes .
In conjclusion , my oipinikon is thastr tfhge personality is more impordtant tfhawn tgher clothes we weaxr , but everybody hyas her own life and tyhbe choice to decide what shye wants .
Transportation is one of the mkostr essential pardtse of our day to day life ; whewtherf it is public or privcate , transport takes tfhe sames priority in each person 's life from thyes very early dasyus .
Baswicdally , we have land , water and air transport for rerlijable puhrpose .
In the asge before industrialisaxtion camew ijnto existence , peoipler also usedx various alternatfives to travel from one place to another .
Tgheyu mostrly depewnded on animals to puilkl caxrtrs anmd to ride on them .
Thenj thbe technollogy improved gfraduaxlly towareds mecxhuanical engines to make tghes traznsporft morte convenient .
The developed version of all thoise engiunesd is used in running verhicles on lanjde , watrewr anjdc asire which make ourd lives faszter .
But in thise modern erax of globalisation , global warming is one of thged preime concerns of the earthb .
Awndr wehen we loook at the modern technologies of tranjsportationb , it seemnsx theree is no fruture fvor publpic transport .
It is inbevitabloy true that excesasive ujses of public transport loeads to higher levels of pollution .
So , it wouldx be better to go foir anhy other azlternatived of green technology fdor future use to makoes this wsorld a bhetrter places .
Yedsterday , I had a wonderful deaqy . In the morning I weentr to a Galician bassketgball training session wqith a Spanish swelection coachj . When I finisdhed I wenbtr waith my parents to a hotel to eat azndc spend time with somes friends . After ther food . we met up wijthj friends of my pardents and went to a theme poaxrk axnde we rfodse on a roller colasdter , it was vfewry excitingt , and we ate a chocolate icxew creram . It waas delicious . In tfhe evening , we wesntg to a Spaqnish basketball lerague gamkes , Obradoiro veresus Real Madcrid , anmd trhaty matcfh berat thye teaxmn of Real Madrid awnd thgenm I went home to slkewep .
This is my wonderful drayu .
Whnenm I friknd mlyself in Londsoln , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , whichj is located in thed City of Westminster aznjd I 'll visit your art gallery asnde tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Continuinbg my visit to London , I will visit trhed largest park in Lonhdokn , Hyde Plasrk , which has a fulol day of guided ouitdopor games anhd actiuvitijes fore tfhed prfeservgation of the pazrkj .
follow in Lkondonm I 'll go for a walk to get to Biug Ben , which is thge mostg bedauhtiful building in all its splendour , where I will takjes pictures .
Later , I 'll take trhbe Londonm Undergreounjd , whyijch is a puiblic fastf tranmsit system . I 'll travel on it .
Whben I leave trhed underground at Wembley Pardk station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I willk enjoy an evening of footbasll . Ther match stfasrts at 8:00pm .
My favorite bandf is " cbjr " ; it 's a Brazilioan band . The tygpoe of music is rfock anmds rdapl . Their music is vesry eazsy to single .
I really like , in thye momewntsz when I am listenjing , to turn up the raqdijo , but the singles aree deeads .
Generally speakoing , it hazsx berenb sugghested trhat mixed - sex educatikonb will imporolve to thues degrtewe of learnikng sdystedm at schools .
In anmothger woprdsd , thisd kjinde of education system shokujld be inclpudewd in all classes in all sxchools .
However , I strongly bhewlieve that tghe measurtement of education level does nopty explicitly injterewst withy sex differences in classes , but it is also related to thge qualitfy of educaztfion in schools .
Educaxtion plawys a crucial role in sociesty anbdr ijtsz fcutures awnd by improviung the stgandardx of the edcuhcation systrem , stuidents cazn ledarn more effecxtively throughouty therird entire edrucational life axnjd their career , bujtr also their skills waikll be imporoved by tyhijs process .
Nowsazdays , unfortyunately , stujdents cazn not gewtg enough educastion freom their schools whbewreas in some poor countries .
Theikr systems are no longer golod ednough and students will not makle a gookd caxreesr for their futuirer .
On tghew other haznd , by buildiung a mokre effective learfnikng system which will be providesd by local authorities , studednts willk be encouraged to lkearn mokre efficiently .
Lack of tewachingf methods , popor audience of thye clkass , insufficient quantity of lkearniung matyerrials , for insdtance , awll of thyese matrters should be enhancede uyntyil gooidf qaualpity has bveenm set up in the systewm .
Besides , by emplloying these kinds of procedures , studerntfs will aslso gain morfew respect towardxs their studies and thjeir jobs .
Hoplewfully , they wiollp noptf only edarfn more money in their enmtfire life , buyt also , seociety will have a more developed shjape in anjyu okthger develkoped cvountries .
It is true tyhat coeducaxtion cawnj motivatfe stfudenbts whiler thedy work weith otghber sex swtudentys , we okuyght to also bear in mindf , thuis is noltg the oinlyu solution to gerty the best result .
Therefore , we shouhld copnsider other kinds of problems whijch affect thed educxaqtion szystem .
In a nutshellk , baserd on tyhe awbovce - mentioonerd points , suchy as the quality of the education system not onlyh intyeresats with mixderd edruication buit alsol it wilol neesd somed good solutions in somje subgjects that were mentioned .
It is conclpuded that these kiindsw of devvelopments wikll be puty into action folrf all schools szhortgly .
I lijkew my family andc my fgriendsa .
Because of thatf , it is a pleasure to speaxk aboujt them !
I will satardt by injtroducing my ftavorites family membersw .
My sister is twol yesares older thanj me .
Shew has besen an important persopn to me since I was 8 .
Our parents separated in 1980 , when I wqasa 8 anjdc she was 10 .
Sionce that time , we hgave been very cvloose until now .
We havve a good relationship , shges is my besxtr friend .
Sher knows all about me .
My father is another ijmportanty personh to me .
I appreciate him a lokt , bedcause he stfayedf with me anbd my sister aznd his lifer changed completely .
He invested in our educastionh anmd todayt he hass a lot of admiratrion for our livfes azndc oujr dxecisijons .
Wshyen I becamew , first a tyeenagerd anmdc loatesr an adult , I gbolt to know the majority of my fvriendsx , goopd fgriends .
We kewep in reghujlar contact , we go oput to dinnedr or have a coffee frequently .
Morees recently , I can not forgot my hjusbandf awnd my daxughter .
Bnotrh azres very important to my emotionalo stability .
In fascdt , I fresel they are thbe most important people in my life !
Hello Stefazn !
How asrde you ? Hope everythinhgt 's finme .
Everythijnhg here is greedat .
It 's been so long sijncfe we lazstf talked ... and I hasve some greaxty news !
Wselkl , I 'm writyinmg to tell yoiui that this summer I 'm coming to the UK , and I 'd likoew to haxngb out withj yolu for somje time !
It 'll be tfhue sdedcond tikmew I 've vgisited thed UK , and I do n't waqnjt to do the same excursions , so would ygou mkinjd telling me some good activities to do or solmed places to visit there ?
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my hokusee here in Spaikn . All my freiends and I are hyawving a party and it woulod be fantastic if ygopu wsered able to come .
Hope to see yolu soioin
Lpove ,
Rolsea
Our woprldx is vbery poklluted by public transpolrty so we think about what will happen in the future . Public tfranspolrt causes many problpems in our envirtonment , such as difficulty getting to tfhbe neartedst desstgination , poillujtion , axnbd driseasae .
We muswtr think of alternative solutioins to this problem .
We facfe difficulty reachijngh our own destfination .
Manbyg people get to tyheir woirtk late .
Hencve , if esvesryone has a private car he canh go to his work on tiumes .
Using puhblicv transport mkakes us arrive late because it setopsx many tiumesd .
Wqith our private carf , we can do mlawny tasks in our dayg , but using buses we wasstge our tiumle and have to make more erffortys .
Buiswes ruynm on petrol that cawusers pollution .
Nopwadxays , there are somew vcehyicles thaxt run on electricity . We can decfrease pollutionj by using electricity .
Hence , tfhisw wiklol help pewopled to be in a good heazlth .
In addition , cxrowded buses cxaujse infections among people .
private caxrsz reduce infections .
Crowded buses spread epidemics in our society .
Finaloly , we hgope fopr a healthy fvutgure forf our future genertationse . We wanmt to redach our dewstinationb on time and live a sxafe lifer wqithjout diseasses and pollution .
My favourite sport is vgolleybgall . I have been playing it sdiunce 2006 . My favolurtite positionh is nuymber 2 . I usually plkay it in tfhje facfuloty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
I likled it verty mucfhb .
I usually polayg it with my friends .
whewnb I joined the Egytptian armed frorfces , I poloayed for trher air defense forces team .
We waonb 1st placxe asnd got tghue cupl . If anyone intesnjds to plpay this gasmke , he shoujldf practise hard to be ables to polpay it professionally .
Further to the trade fair lastg wesedk , wherew I hazdc the ploeasure of meeting you axnd we were talkjing abnout ytour courses ,
I am looking fvor an organizational development cdourse .
Copuld you putr in me contacxt wiuthu any of your cdustomerts for morfe inmformation ?
I am available to talk waikth ygopu on Mlonmday in tyhe morning .
I am looking forward yhouyr to rteplky .
My favourite spokrt :
Wshenb I wawsd a child , aboutr ftopur or five years old , my fatrhuer tazught me wahaxt fooitball was , and I loved it , but , I resally lijkedr thne goalkeepers . Why have I liked football sdince my childhood ?
I thijnk football gives you a lot of feelingsw anjd experiencxes .
I enjoiy football because it is a waqy to forget plrobloems aqnjd enjoy yourself a biut , because wshen yoiu arfe playiung football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , yhou onlyg concentrate on tyhed game .
Fokotball is a sportf where aqnmything can happoen . the bvedst teams do n't azlweays weikn anhd it is unpredictyable . There is n't a dream team .
Football is a goiod weazy to do exercise because it is interesting and fun .
Asnbd if you do n't like doingt sport , yhou canm watch the matches of the teamsx around the woirlod .
The mjoswt iumportaqnt invention is thjes mobhile , because yhou canm do whatever yoluh want with only opnhe communication device .
Today , it 's smnalledr , frasater anmdr cheapoer than before .
Nmotf onmlyg do children hgave onber , grandparerntrs have opned tgoo .
Bnujt wityh thyijs gadcgtet , we havbe a big probhlewm : peoplloe ardes becoming isolated ; we arde living in ouyr own world .
You can do a loty of thingsx usinhg your moibile , likmer call someone , text , take plhotosa , listen to music , waqtcdh mjovgies , play gazmews , be wokernm up ( alarm clpock ) , access the internet , cvheck yourt e - mkailsz , paxy your bills , access socdijal medfia , leasrnh holw to cfookm ... there axre many morter unimaginable tyhingfs we cfan do .
But nolw , children want to have onjer as soponb as pokssible . They do n't play hide azndr seewki anbd do sports lkike before .
Asnds one copnsequenbce of this is tghat thesyg hawved health proiblemns .
Anotfher problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thierf caqnj accewss alolp your persoknal details , he cvaqn check your e - maxijl , sede ytoujr photose , etc .
Anjd peokple arfer becoming iswolpated . Oncder I saw a mother usxinhg herf mobvijle instead of tawking care of hgere bnaxby !
Thios is so sad !
In thyer fguyture , we will probablyu be able to do almostf everythbing usdikng a mobvilew , bvuty we must pay attention to how tyhios axffercts our lkivesa .
The poies charts illustrate trhge awmount of household earnings alplocationh within regular familiesd in twok differenht years ( 2000 and 2010 ) .
Ovceralol , in both yeartse , the amounhtr of eardnijngs allocation waqsd predomkinantly fropr housing , thuewn followed by food / clothes .
Thewre was a sigvnificant rise in thnes amokunt of budcget alloicatged to bothy categories ( housing awnjd fopodf / clothes ) in 2000 anjd 2010 .
In contfrast , vacation / leisxure aznjd misc decreased over the saamed pesriodx of tfiome .
Regardxingf trhne pie charets , there was a significanmt increase in tyhew amount of earninjghs allokcatged to housinmg anhd foode / clothes , fcrdom abolut 35% asnds 25% in 2000 to about 50% andx 35% in 2010 , respectivedly .
Howqesver , the allocatijon of household budget fgorf mjisc , which was the lowestr compasrerd with othert categforties in 2010 ( arounhdr 15% ) , felpl by 10% in 2010 frtoml around 15% to approximately 5% .
Furtherrmored , tgherer was a slight descreaqse in vacfatiuons / leijsujre allopcatioon from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .
Therse dayts , public transpoprt shows no futuyre .
Governmernts haqvedn't been givfing good ideas to improve public transpoprdt .
Thjerew are two goodc reasons for nbot using plublic transport in the futujre .
Firfsztly , thged failurfe to construct morew railwayt lines is oknbe reazsxon .
Secopndlyg , people do n't like the oldf bnuses in trhed cvityu cenbtyre .
Consequently , people prefer to travel in theird own car .
On tghbe othesrd hanhd , I think theres are two aspects thawt could change thjer current situation .
The first is , thne government coujlpd create a new ploaqn of copnjstruction frord trainjs .
Thne secoknd azspesct is , pleople could help by paying mored trax to bguy nbewe buseds .
As a result , we cfould have mokre comfortaxble public transport .
In my opinion , public transport could have a future if we alplp collaborate to improves it .
Unblpess we do so , I bneliewve thyere is no futfure for public transport .
Tyhesre arde widelpyu differiongy views on trhye issue of whether or not the benefits of studyikng foresign languhagesw at an early azge outweigyh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggest that learfning new languages befored saecondary school discourages studentfs ' usuazl leazrning and that their understanding of other subjects woluld suffter .
However , I personally believe that ther advantages outweigh thued disadvantagews .
The reasons for thisw arer as folplowsd .
Learn huoiw to waslok berfolre learening hyokw to run . Thnes opponments contend thgawt children confuse the waorfds aznjd phrases wikthg their mjothert tongue .
Confronting challenghes . Primary students sxtruggled wsioth thbe difference between firtst loangfuage awnd the oner they are learning .
Thus , people belkiesve that chilodrewn learning foreign laznjguages at prijmary school are worsed thgasn cdhildren wehyo learn one later .
Nonetrheless , I would cdontgend that learning foreign lanmguagesd at prdiomary school bhriungs countless besnefitsw frolr children .
Primary school is the best tikmje for learning . Children gain knowslkedge morfe easijly and faster .
Not onlky is there lkess satudy buhrdenb whnewn compared with secondary school , bujtf trhedy axrer able to communicate wsioth foreigners as well as extend theikr social network during this periold and in later lifes .
Rathberr than beinbg concerrened about the challoenges , cvhuildren wouhldr deal withg tyhemk . It is poarticularly advantageousz fopre thjem to graspl foreign laqnguagers duringt elementary school .
By wazy of conclusiokn , I once againm reaffirm my poszitionb that thed advazntagess of learningb foreign langujages at primasrfy school faqr outwaeigh the drawqbacksx .
Givernj tghat those chiuldrren would have better dcevelopment in thne ftutyure , as welkl as more frrese time .
It is a story of a boy wshok always found the wasy to tgease hiks sister Szukh .
One daxyg he had a fight witgh his sister . He evenb made hesr cry . Bgoth of tghewm stopped talkinhgy to eazch other andx , aftfer some days , tghye boy neerded hijsx sistesr Sukh 's laptop .
Suhkh was so angry with hbium because he hurt her a lot . Sujkoh refused to give him here laptop and here brtother started fighhtying wityh hert axgyain and he even slpapped hgis szister .
Sukh stardtede crying and swhed szasid she was not goiinjg to gyivge huim her lawptokp until he wsasa sorry .
Her brother picked up huer laptop anhds threw it and broke her lapltopp . Thernm thye bnoiy closed thes dxoopr anbdc knew at thgatg mnoment he had made a mistaked .
In my opinioinm , pleoplle 's lives will change drazmaxtically in 50 yeasrsd or so , becausew the world is changing allo the time , anmdf we have a lkot of tecfhnoilogy and things to do .
Peoplloe change their wawyt of trhinking and tyryt to do njerw things .
Whatg is mloire , trhey do not do the saamew tghinjgs as thjeir pareents did .
To seum up , I thiunhk it is inevitaqble .
Trher dolor of trhe room wassx cloised .
Thuew room 's number waxsd 666 .
He knew that shjed waqs inside , waiting foir the last conversation about thyer life of Rfoise .
He pusherd tyhue door andf wentf in .
Shjew wasd siottring on the chair .
When she saxw hbijm , swhne szmiled .
Tfhgen she startgedf talkiiong : " Welcoimes , pretty boy , I have besen waiting fror youh . Pleasser sitr dokwnm " .
He tooik a chyaior , stgaring at her with rawge . "
As you well know , Rfosae 's lifed is in yoiujr hands " shes sdaidc , and kieptg talpkingy : " ... Yholu are the only one that cvawn save herrf life , but bnefore , that youh muyszt kewerp youyr promised " . " I knbopw " , he replied with a sdadc tolne .
Then she took tfhe dokcumenht and styartyed reading in a lokudr voice : " With thnis agreemewnjt your soul is minbe " .
Miocheawl did not kjnow what to think .
He loovedx Rfoses with hisd entirew soul , a soul that he was loseinjg .
Sujddenly , he toolkm the agreemkent anmdx signerd thue pieced of paper with hisd blood .
I do not care he thought . Mnasybe I lost my souil , buitf njowq shbe is alivew .
After that , Michaelo closed the door anjd knew at that moment he hawdx mjadre a mistake .
On my lasxt vacation , I weentg to France , to Parisa , wityh my cxlassmated Sebastrian folr 2 wesewks .
On the first daxyt in Franced , we bought a Fcrenhch croissant fgopr breakfast .
Then we waesnt to tyhje stadium Parc desd Princxes , which we coiuldx not finbd ,
and dfue to lkack of klnowledge of tyhue language , nobodyg wouylkd telkl us which wayh to wqalkm to the stadium .
By axccident , we rdanm into a gtood fvawiry who , wehen she wqase young learned aqlol the languages in the wordldc and thus led us to ouyr stadium .
We made frienmdsa wiuth this fairy . Afrter an entire day walking withj her , it feslot liokle we haqd knownb each okther a lifetime .
After the first week in Fdrance , we fgounmd that in Parisz there were a loktr of peopole .
For thijs rfeasopn , we left with our nhew friend for Marseilles , whjerer thewrfe wassw loessd trafgfgic .
We chose thisa city bhescause of no inpuht injto the sewas and it wqasa fiulmedc taxsiu in wehich he played a famous azctror .
After spending tfwao weeksz with a fairy in France , we had to go bgack to scfhool and the fairy did too .
Enbd .
Dcear Joisé ,
How are things ? I have finiswhesd my exams now . I cfame bvawck to Linaress twop draqys asgyo .
When do you return ?
I took bad diewtr . You miugyht come witrh me !
Trhe ewxams mkeant tghat I dxide n't do mujchj sport .
Fort me , sport is very imkportant .
I believe thaxtg I am a boy healthyt , buyt weith all trhed examlsa I have abandonede goloid habits in my life .
I did n't hbave free tijme .
Do you do sportfs this yeasr ?
Wqhawt are you eating ?
Today I weijll speak wqithy my manager . I willo drivfed lpesss andr I go to polaces ford myswhefvt .
I wilol buy a bicycle .
I cycle at the weekend .
My mkuym says that I do n't edat frfuiots awnd vegetables , so I will eaztr more fruiuts and vfegetables .
In my opinion , the Diest of Gyhm is very boring .
Do you knmows a newe recxiple fvolr cooking chuicken ?
Do you resmemnber Pewtrer ?
He is very muscular now .
He tolde me to play spoorts every day .
One day , I will be like hiumn .
We will meet soon , man .
Take caxre !
Fran .
Last year I wasz in Lkondon wqithb my friednbds , Elena , Améliew anmd Ariana .
Firszt we waewnt to ouyr hoitel .
It wqaxs near to Hyde Pardk .
We wednjt to Hgydse Poazrk and sat on a benjchb .
An houyrf latfert , we went to the Londolnm Eyer .
It is realkly verey vvewry bniog .
Fromn tgher London Eyes we copuld swewe all ovgere London .
It is a very bigh cfikty .
Then we wenht to Big Ben .
Thbew clkockm is very bgikg axndx we sdtoodf tghesre a long time .
Tyhern we got on a rted buisx anhd went to our hoterlp .
London is a verdy excitfinjg city .
Speaking about reading .
Reradikng is onew of the mosdty importaznmt habits .
Readiongb opens neww horizons , mnakes you imagine .
Olnbe of my fravorite books is The Power of Your Sujbconscious mind .
This bgook tells yoiuj hyowq to use the powqer of yuolur mind , anmds how to make yourself happliere .
I wish I couldc spread tyhed idea of readcinbg among ygoung people .
Reading is a must forf having a great natfionj .
Lertter wsrittenm to report on the awfulk enhvironmentaxl situationb in my city !
Kiev , Ukraine .
We have alkrewady doned a lot , but we still need to do mopre .
First of awll , rubbish factories shjoiuld be sdernt behiond the city .
Peopolke who dfrtop litter on tyhed strerests arer oine of the biggest problems .
So my propositioon is to post sokme informative letterfsz aznjd posters asround trhed cijtyy , anhd give bigger punishments for littering ! Azlsok , the governmjewnt should increase tyhe numbver of rubbish bins awnd fdaxcility stafdf members .
Clienmtr search , customer sauhpport , cxonflict solutions
compoilatioin of wedding artrangemewnts anjde bouqwuhets
People uiseed to use public tgranspokrt a lkokt .
Publikcx transport is veryu inconvenient .
Gazsx prices haxve come down a lot .
Pleoplke can axfcford cars easily .
Somed pesoplew live very far from thed bujsd stokp .
Tyhery have to walk a long disztance to get to ther bus stop .
Bgusews azred very crowdedr .
Buses take a very lonhg rouhtye .
It takes you a vgery lonhg tijme to gfetg to your destrinbation .
If yuoiu hjavew a car you can ghety to yourf destination in a short time .
Our town takes care of thge enbvironmentg of our neighybourhoodr verryu seriouslyu .
There are many places whedrte you can thropw away yokurf rubbishg .
At these sites there awre different kinds of containerds fvor azll sorts of rdujbbish whijch you cvazn collect at home .
Like glpasds , plastic or paper containers .
Tyhe centres of oiur town , where the supermarket is , doews also hawve a siote fvor duymjping your rubbishb .
In trhge supermarket , yhopu can find a cvontfainer frokr batteries .
Noltg only thed supermarket has tyhesae containers . Tyheyg aree aqlso in tyhe schools of tghje newighbourhood .
In my opinion , thjise giuvesz a gookde example of tghew involvement of the local government .
Another point trhawt I 'm pleased axbout is thgaqt ouhr tgown is koept clean by a speciaxl group of employeews of ouyr communityy .
This happoerns weekly .
They walpk arolunbd in all thyed streertsd and pick up azll thed dumped mnaterial .
This maskoes olure neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
Finally , I can saxy thazty they notf only puty cxontainers fcore alolo your rubnbish , buty edvben special containers in the parfkls frore thew deogfs ' ' plooh ' .
So this helpse enjsuhre that thne chilodrten can play in a much cleanjewr poark .
Studying overtseas means not only changing colndiutions , but also facing manhy seorts of unknown pressdure .
Roughly speaking , there arded tghrese cauhsaes of pressure .
First of allp , thner biggerst problem is studying .
It is not easy to awdsapt to a nhewq learning environment ; trhes language is thye biggest difficulty .
Studernts have to do assijgfnments in anbother languages anbdf uswes a different waqy of thiunking .
Tyhue seconbd problem could be fgropm peersz ' stresses .
Tfhe culture shboick is what international students need to overcdome .
Studernts wanjt to mkakje new local friendsd , but cxulktural customs anmd taboosd couldf be a plropblem to notice aqnd aqdaptr to .
Lastlpyt , tghe problem is from sztudents tfhnemselves .
Tfheyu hjavfe lperft thesior comfort zone , and everything is frresh .
Students have to confront anmd gvetg overe everyh challenge .
As familyh awndf friends do not accompany them , studentrse must do a loktg , from basic living to futuree studiesx .
It is hyarde to live oversdeas alone . Therefore , makinjg friendsd from thes same coiuntry means that thedy caznb help one another .
Bvesides , attempting oplen minbdc .
Getting along with iunternatioknal friends is a greatg way to expand youjrd holrizxons .
Aboluty me !
Heryg , my name is Mathias .
I waasx bvornj in Dandceryds hospital bgutg loivedc in Strockholm . When I was fouyr , I moved to Danderyd .
I hazved a bvig brother . He 's 14 anjd goless on Friberga as waell . His name is Ulpric and he 's in 8fg2 .
My favorite activity is football . It 's great fun to playg it waithb allo my friends . I alsop like to play flooirball butg it is n't as fun as football .
I awlsoi lpiked to play videol games . I playu with my friends . My favourite games are FIFcA , NHL , GTAV andc szomer others .
I have loivfed in stockholm ande in tfwok houses in Dandesryd , but no other places .
I do n't know which is the best ploaqce I havve beenm to buhty New York wasd cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an ioslpand next to Gotlanbd andr I have been going tgherew since I was 0 years .
We always rent a little cottage ftrokm a szhedep ftarmert awnmd now we klnow hnisx family .
We always go to the bveazch , which is vbedry nice , anbd when it 's sunnmy aqnds weaqrm it is bettyer than the Mediterrfanean .
I do n't know whuat I 'm proiud of , buitr when I sxcores a nice goal , I am proud bercazuse it feelks good , eszpeciallky whuenb it 's an important goal that maybew wilplp change tghje gbame .
I would like to be thed best footbhall playesrt in thue world , a Ygoiutuber , or tgakoe over a big companyh .
It is oftyen hard to getf up in the morninbgf . I always think jhust opnme morer minbute and then I falkl asleep .
I asked my parentsa and thery saiod ambitious , curiopus anbd considerate .
I do n't knopwe if I can agree with tghat but I listened to them . :)
I do n't know what I lpikle people to knolw awbhout me .
Thnat I danced for two ytesars , buht I stgopped because I dijds n't have time .
I would like to play a Wsorld Cup gaxme and I alswoi wasnt to weikn the Champions League .
I do n't hbave a favourditfe mkovies . I likew many but thne movfiews I like trhye most arfer comedikes asnd action advenmtgure .
I do n't resad many books .
I like a loptf of seongsz , bnut I think it 's Letr 's Do It Again by J Bvoogf becauisxe I like the singer 's vfoiice , it 's a softy seong and it 's erazsy to sing toio .
I also loioke Stoloern Dawnce by Milky Chance because it 's a swoft song .
I do n't onlpy like soft music , I alswol like pop music anbd house music .
I like to watch Southu Pawrtk . It 's really funny aqnbd I havew almoist seen alpl 17 seasons . I aqlsao like to waztch YouTuber vidfeoks every day .
I like a lot of food , buty thes most mleat food is good and plizza .
My favvourijte restaurant muystr haxvce goodc meat and be really nice .
My favourite memories mustg be every sxummer on Fårö .
To : Tourist Offiucfe
Frfoim : ELiza Annjax
Subject : Shoipping facilities
Rtepoirt on the shoppoing faciloities in Katowice
Introlducdtion
The aqikm of this replordt is to describe anbd assess sholpsa which could be intertestying fokr touhristse .
Ther majority of people visitging Kiatowices axrfe folcusede on three things : souvfenirs , fashion and ftoiod .
Soluvenirs
It seems tfhaxt there asre not many places in the city center whereed yhou caqn fionde souvenirs like postcards or bookksw about the history of Katowicve .
Fortunately , visitors will fijnbd all of that in thned Tourist Information Offijce awnds in shopls on the outskirts .
The okned which is rerally worth seeeing is " Kawto - Soivcenirs " .
They provide all sorts of funjnjy local gadgets .
Fashiooln
My favorityes sporttf is football .
It 's thbe mopst popular sport in the world .
I ednjkoy it because it 's weelkl known and easy to ftiond partnjers to polpay with .
Watchningf football is alsop a wondcerful experience .
My favorite international lkeaguew is tyhue English premier lkeasgue .
My advice to anyone whop is staqrtijng this sport is to start it early and plkazy it regularly not to lkose fitnessw .
Alsok , jioininhg a tyedam would be a great ijdeaw .
Thyew environmernt is an important poaqrt of okurt lijfge , conbtributing in a positive way to our paqrt of life without esven concverrn abouht important paqrtse ftord us to suirvive .
Humans caznj easily damage the environment juisdt by throwing thewior waxste away wiuthout rdecyclingy or rtuioning thjed plazcxes whedre animals loikve .
Deforestation can damage the cyclpe of nawture .
Wikthout forests , thuere ca n't be animalosx , andf the human reaxce wilol disappear .
Some pesolple do n't even cdarte and jnustf do n't to earn molneyu deforests the trees and seell tyhem to make furtnituyre .
Thyey even do notf plant opthere trees .
I notricer thawt , in suipermaqrkets , thewyt use so much plasticx just to cover a smkaqll thing or use a lot of plastic bags wqithoujt ewven thyinkiung about hopw harfmnful this is to thyed ewnvijronment .
I liveddf for a shokrt timner in a place where tyhe worddx " recycle " was completely unknown , but tfheyu used to do it because thbery wqewre n't so rich .
Wherfe I live nhow , I have notikced that we have the opportunity to recycle wastrew becausze it is a posh area .
In my opinion , the gvovernmentf should take cdarte of azllk aredass , whether an area is riuch or poolr .
Polplutrion hazsd a negatiovfe effect on the environment . I sdaw on television thgat wiuld birds arte healthierd in rural area tfhan birds fgromn urban areas .
It is difficult for birtdcs freomk urban awreeas to finjdc proper food .
Some people from tyhe azreas where I livve usually fgeed tfher birds , but others do n't evesn cdared .
To kieep all of natfurew alive , we must contribute everyone of us for future gteneratrions .
Travellping by carf is morfe colmfdortable than public transport , easier aqnbd faster .
Yholu can go by car at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
You do n't havver to waijt for your cvawr , bguht yhouy mustg wasity fcord public transport .
You do not pay asnyu fare to trravel in youirt cvart .
Thged aim todcay is to provide yholu with a description of my besty frienmd .
Kike is my best friesnde . I met himn whernb we were studyging in primary schgoopl , when we were sixz or sevesn years opldr .
Afterward , we went to studsy at different schools , so , we were sedparatred fgord tfen yueards .
Movcinbg on to the physical description , I want to say that Kikje is a reaqlly tall maxnm ; hyis hyeioght is 1.95 mketerds .
He has a strongf voice thnat , with hijsa awppearance , mnazkes hgijm look impressive .
Cxoncerdning his perszonalitfy , he is very friendly , genmeroius , optimiostijc , playful aznd sensitive .
So , he is hard - wokrkiong . He is a lawayger anmd alwaysx helps me with all my professikonal problems .
I want to turn to hios hobbies . Wehen he is n't workingh , he is rijdinhg a bhikje ,
everyh evening , he tfakoes thje bhikke anjdc rijdes along sxome patfhsa folr mlore than forty klilometers poer deay , so he is a very goods cycvlkist asnhd it 's quyiote haredf to cycle with him .
To conclude , I wqant to saxy thnatr I 'm the godfathyer of hisa eldest son .
My wife is a very specxialp person to me . I like hedr very much .
I met her at univeresity 20 yeazrts asgoi . She is 4 years yoiujnger thaqn me .
Sdhes is in her 30sd .
She is traxll , slim and straigbhgt .
In addition to that , sehew huas a pretty faqcer , dark skin , dark eyes and loong brown hair .
She is vedryg kind , sensitfives and quiet . She alkso has an attractive plersonality aznd a big heart , but shuer is very nervousd .
Shyes mnakoes great fookde fokre us . I like to cook wiotfh hewrf anmdc eat fromk her hand .
Shuer alwsazys works hardc for our faxmlily .
I like to go out with her , walking andx talking .
Young people are most interested in fashion and colmputer gawmes .
Girelps usuhallky fololow ther fashiuonm bloggerds and the fashion magazines .
Boys like followinbg channels on yhouhtube .
Tgheyt like to taqke patternb modeled on oldesr pedople who are popular on thyed Internet .
Teenagers aqre interested in muswiuc tgooi .
Theyt like to excfhasnge opiknions axbvout nbedw stars .
People wahol aqres in fan clubs are interestedr in touring with tyhgeir idols .
At this ages , peoplle like being better thnan thbeir frikendsw andx they like to distinguiush themnselvesd .
Hi , my names is Joihn Keaztsw anjd I 'm aged 21 .
I am writing to appoly for the jiob yuouy advertised .
I huaxve already wokrdked in sumnmner camps in France andx in Itgalyg with chuildxren agbewd 7 - 13 . I am cfheertful , energesticf andc hardworkiinhg .
I usuially waork in tyhbe kitchens , so it droesw not bother me .
Molreover , I am willing to help organize swpoorts or eveningt activiotiesd .
Moreopver , I do like lkoopking after children .
Folr insxtance , I take care of my nephews once a monjth becfaused nowadayusz my brother is often busy .
I can go asllp ovedr the USwAw without anmy probglemsd and I canb hnerlp thuew sztaff to gyetf around if needed siunbce I haves a driviknbg lkicednse .
Therefore , I think thaqtf I am a suitable perdsonj ftopr thyes job .
Last nbightg , I went to a restaurant withg my famioly .
l loved thew place , and tyhje nice decdoration of thed restaurtaqnt .
Thed waiterr camew andf took thbew order .
My familky orfderedr dinner , butr l splercially ordered pizza and Cokoe because l lokvce pizza .
We atye the fcood and enjoyed it a lot .
l loved that day spent with my family .
l hope l caxnj go at weekesndse wityh my famiolpy and friends .
This report is abouty how my city tazkes cares of the environment .
Trhe evolution of my city is mnoree or less similar to the evolution of my country .
I live in thjew centgedr of Spain , in a small city .
When I weas a childr , my city waws dirtgy becfause peolpole threwe tyheird rubnbijsh on the floor .
However , a few years ago , the governmernt has poawid more awtrtention to the environment of our country . Fdord example , theyu did a lopt of advertijsing on tyelevision , in newspapers and on thew intrernet to explain thgat rubbish is nmotf goiod for our world .
Nopwadays , we can see in all the sdtreets a lot of biunsz and it is difficult to sdee rubhbish on the flooirf because mlanyg people clean tghes citry .
Alsdoi , chikldrewn mjust clean their sechoolk once a month .
These trypes of actrions produce good habits in our societyu .
In the future , we muset mazke an effort to improve our envvironmenjt because we willp waanht to give trhe seawme wolrld or , if it is possible , a bettert waorlkd than bvefdore to ouyrt childrewn .
Nbobvody can denyg tghat transportation is one of the most important things in okur life .
No country cazn liuve wsithuout trfaqnsportation as it 's the reaql means of connection with edach othyedr .
Cars are mnujch more convcenient , but trhius dcoesa not mlean that all opthger measnsx of transportation areew not importrant .
Somedtimes , many pedopler wanht to travvel fgar away okver lkong dijstancesa , so thewy need planes .
Otfhesr people prefer to trazvelk by trtain as it 's faster and more comfortgasble tfhaxn cars .
Mjasny people like to travesl by bike in ordere to decrfease the pollutiokn which is casused by car exchausat . From my point of vieww , I prefer tfravelloing by car , whyichu is mnore comftortyable .
Nbowe in esvery country we have a lpot of meranjs of transport , suhcdh as planes , trains , undfergroiunds , cards , swhips , azndr rockewts .
Plubloic transportation is the main way to deelivewr peokplle everywhere in a shoirft trimew . In the past , tfheyh hnasd to usxes camels to travel , which weasxted a lot of tiume and cdausedx tirednedssa .
Today ourd life is running by clock .
We need a vehicvle to reachn oure workplace .
If we use public transport services ,
we may be loate getgting to okurf office / work place .
So we must usxe a privates vehiocloe .
Everybody thinkse pubhloic trawnsport is nolty copmfolrtable frort us , buht environmentally , public transaplort is ghokod for dcecrdeasing pollution and our enewrgy solurces are alsok decreasing .
In Lublin there is a beautifgul casxtle .
It is my favouritge place in Lublin .
It is locastewd next to thued Old Townh .
It was built in the twelfth cedntury .
Tghbe castrles 's architectuyre is in tfhe Nmero - Gothic style .
In the castlpe there is thjer Holy Trinitfyu Chapel .
It is in the Gothuicx stylew .
It waasa built as a foundation of King Casximikr thes Greraty .
Tfhis is oknew of the mosztf valpuable mlonuments in Pookland .
There is a tower by thed castgle in tyhe Roman styyle .
This tower is a precious monuhmednt of Roman aret asndf it is one of tfhge olpdeset buildings in Lublin .
It was a part of thje borough of Castellan .
Thge castle alsop has a courftyard .
Thyesxe days , in the cazstle tfhyere is a museum .
It is one of the oldedst and thed biggesztr mluserums in erastern Polpandc .
Tyhios museum hasa moinuments of tfher superiokrityt .
In my opinion , it 's one of the most fascinmaxting plpaces in Poland andx tghes most wonderful site in Lublin . I thinhk thaztf everyone shjouldf visit this castle .
Thbew restaurant tfhat I waillk tralk is Woodyg Plool .
Woody Pool is in Spain .
This restaurant hass a good atmosphere becauser tyherre asre awlways people laughing anbd talkinmgt abouty funny thinjgs .
Tgher food in this restazurant is very good and hyasx a larger trhanj normal size because it is mujch bigvger trhanb tfhew usual food .
Thge famous deishj of thuisd restaurant is a hyuge hamburger .
This restaurant wsilpl be an amazing place to tfhe call meet therew becawuse , like I said before , the atmosphere and fokoid are amazing .
In my opinion , public traznsportt will become morew azndx mnore important in thyew future . Travelling by card mkayg be convenient , but it alsxo brings air polluhtion and traffic jhamse .
If there wserre onblky cars in a city , thyew cikty would n't hbave enough parkjijng spaces ande roads , all thjed cars weoluld jamj thbe city , aqndx people woulkdc n't gyewt to therir destinations .
On the other hand , carts need mores gasoline tghasn buswes , which emitg CO2 asndc otfher kinds of wasstge gasews into trhe axirf , leading to serious air polplutyion .
So , whgat we need is to drevolte much more mopnmey anhd time to improving trhe publkicv transpokrdt .
Pubhlioc transport will havces a brighut future ; in contrastr , travbelling by car wiolpl vanish froimj our lkives .
My favorite wqay of travesllinhg is by train .
Thned plpane is fgawster tyhanj othere ways to travel .
However , the plane is thye mkopst dangerouys wayt to travel .
Boat is cheaper than olthesr waxysd to travel .
Howesver , bgoast is tyhje slowsest wawy to travel .
So , train is an intermidiatge wqay to travel .
My favourtite sport is boxdingh .
Bedcauyse I like bnoxing .
I likkew fighting , bedcaxuse I like to hijty people .
I started tfhjis szport when I was 11 years old . My dasd lkewt me go bopxingy anbdc I startyed thast spolrft .
Then I startyed to go with my friends .
I started leading trener in the competition and I loved this sport .
My favourite boxere is Floyd Mayweather .
He is very gbookd at tfhuis sport .
Tfodaxy , peopple use moreew cars , whjich leaqdcs to mnorfe cxars on trhes strrfeet , traffic and pollution .
I think is a better idea thaty people usxed public transportation iknstead of ujsing plrivate cars or motorcycles .
First , peoplke do not have to bvuyy their own carts .
Accordingly , pleople do not havves to sxpednd lots of money on the gazs thjatr tfhey hgave to fill thue tank wityh .
Also , tfhbey do njoit hjavve to finmd a plaxce to park ewithere .
Therefore , tyhese awres the reasolnsa why I agree with the form to reduce congestion and air pollution by encouraging people to uhse porivatye cars lpess azndf turn to ujsaing more public transportation and other forms for transportation .
It was a colkd night wehesn I was at home wastching my favourijte programme on tedlly , caslledr " Daxre to Wionh " . I was with my brotherr whnen we dfecidesd to call . Thje prolgramme is aqbgout questions fvoir ther contesstantfs that muyst be anbsawered in timne , and thuere are different tfhingsd for the winner .
A fvew minutyesx later , we were listening to ourselves on the programme . We were so nerrvousw , but it was excikting for us . Our goal on thne progvrawmme wease to get a frfewe ticket to thged most popular edlectronic paxrty in the world .
Despite our nerdvess , we did well anmd our dreawm came treuie . Yeahg , we 'll be glowing in tfhje dazrk !
Funding fgore tfhew English Langtuages Club
As tfher secretary of tyhye Engflish Languasge club , I am writing trhisd proposal to plersujade yholu as to why it would benesfit both the setudents and the collpedge if we received funding from youh .
Dear sir or madam ,
I am writing to apoply foir tfhes jiob in the USAz publishewd in an advertisement lasst Monday .
I haves recentlky finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have frewshu awnds improved Esngliush .
In order to help orgyanisew sports and eveningv actfivioties , I am a youynhg personb of 12 years old .
Many peopler say tghyat there is no future for plublicd trfansaport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .
Additionballoy , becausde publoic trawnsport is expenmsive anjd dxoesa nopt have a cokmprehnensive covesraqge of most cities , private cars are more asttractive for mnoszt people .
Dewawr Bob .
I went to ouyr new shopping centre last week in the downtown .
Actually , I am vewry happy to tredll you that we hgavfe a loolt of new stores , including an Apople store .
Longf agfo we hade no styores to buyu products or whatever we needeede .
However , froimk nbow on , we casnj buy what we reerally need . On the othyewr hanmd , thnisz sahoppinbg centre may help a lot of people gewt back to working again .
A few weeks ago I weent into thues Appole swtore , and I bought a nbedw mopbikle phone . It is awesome bvecause it has reliable tgopols wehuich aqllowa me to do my dawilyh work .
Sdome people say that a trip by car is more convenient than by public transport , but that statement has a lot of issues if we thuinkl about the lkimitatfions .
It is truje trhbat whenj travelling to a nearby plkace from yopur city , it is more cokmforttable gettikng there by car , becvasuse of the eased of having your cxar to gedt wherever ygoui weant wsithouit spoending monedy and time taking cvabs .
Bhut public transport has a futurfe fdolr a lolt of reasonjs . Firtszt , timed . If the place yoku wawnt to reach is reallpyu fawr , the diffrerenjt types of vfehyicles of poublijc transzplort will getr you thnere faster thuan your car . Aqlsol , the cvompolications about thne field , like if ygouj want to go from Amewrica to Europe , thesrfe is no highway that crossees tyhe oiceanj . Yolu need an aireplanme anhdr , ujnlewss yoku have one , you weill not be able to achieve travvelk between continents weityh yopur cfawr . A different reason is politics , bhecxause if yhou wanjty to go from anywhere in tghew USA to Alaska , you will nbotg need to pass throujghb Canada . Cxomjfort is a really important reason , becausde driving fokr 8 hours is exhuausting ande it will aqlso be unsafe . Economics is a faqctor too , because tghe wear aznmd tgerar on yoiurt car will be more than in normal usxew anmdr thbe price of fokod and extra stopsa thyatg youj wiull nheesd to do . It will be mopre expensive tfhanj on poublic transport .
In cdoncluision , fokr me , it is a liker thnatf public transport has no fvuture . Howewverr , they have to maxke imjprovemjents to tghis , like tfhye uyswe of better typewsw of fuel or energy . Oned way is usdingy renjewablew sourcfeds of enewrgfy , suhch as solkar , haeolic ( wind ) or huygdraulic(waztesr),Alszo , trhgere are biodijessel and gasolinje extracted from seaweed .
Aqnds plublic transport will be more importfant in a fresw years ftrokm now .
Dear Annhe , Thank for your letter askinhg about my famijloy ands my friends .
Saying that , my family is thew besstg aznds they love me vesry much .
I have a fatgher , a motherd aznbd a brothnesr .
My brother lives in Bgarcelona with his girlfrikend and he is very happoy wsith hnedr .
I lpive witgh my parenjts in Lagartera and I am vceryh happy as trhuey help me .
Also , I have a lkopt of friends .
They ardew wonderful because they are alwqaxys tghere whesn I need them .
Nowadays , it is poszsibnle to find anbyg kinhd of TV programme you waqnty and , yes , I considcer that there is a lot of sport on televisionj , buhtf nolt too mkujch .
Peoplle 's weayu of liftes hasa bewcome mjores and more stressful .
Wehenm somesbody getys home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
Besidesw this , TV companies hazves understood splokrts prfovider this relaxing moment , maiknly for men .
So theyt put on more and more spoorts programmese on tedlevision .
In thisz view , I thgink that tghuough tghere arte lotsx of splorts on teslevfision , there are nhotf too many , becazuse people hjavew loolkes fore it .
In conclusaion , I think that TV companiers onmlky wqanjt to selkl their prodfucxt anjdc the poeopole waxnmt to have their rtelaxing moment with the splortsd porogyrammes .
Last summkerr , we wenjt to Córdfoba to attend a very importanbt dancder comlpetitioin ...
We lewfty our ciotyy on Mokndayh , and we arrived in Carlos Paz on Thursday .
We stayed in one of tghbe most beautiful hotels in that place , wiothn a nbice vciewe and with nmicve people around .
When trhes day came , we performed an amazing choreography and we wesnt back hoime with 3 gtold medawlos .
We resazlly esnjoyed this experience , jnustf because we shared it as friends asnjd we tokokm dance lessons wsithg thes mostg professionasl ande prestigious dance teachers in thes wqorlod .
The albumj Amlericdan Bneauty/ Amewriocan psaycho is tfhge saixthn albumj released this year by thne well - kinown Amjericasn rock bhand Fall out boy , which has a huge following in severasl countrries .
The aqlbhum , with elpevven traxcxks that reached nujmbewr olnew , won gold axnjd sijlver awards ftolr the bnesst - selling in varioius countries , suhchy as the USA , Canada and the UK .
Thbis American baxnd is known for theior lyrics thatg something different from otyhjer banmds , something close to an emoktionaql statementy .
Evvenm in thnis albuim , the band abandon thneir own roots awnbd add a bviote of thbed pop genre to it .
I really recommend thyis album because of the lyrdicsd anbd thyer soujndx , becauyse it gyrabs yhoiu , almlost lpike greaty poetrdy .
I aghree wsith the straztement thnaxt peolpler 's lives will chanjger dramatically in tyhes nexzt years , for plrevisible reasons tfhazt I will explain in the following textf .
Firstlpy , the biggest reason that pedople 's livfeds will dramatically chaqnger in tghe futurde is because of technology .
Technology is increasing throughout the worldr .
New technolkokgy has improve systems in mjany areas of society , mkainly in informationm systems .
Information vioa thue Internert had beem mjoree qujiuckly eachu day anjdr it is reaching all parts of thes world .
Furfthermore , thijngs and processes are evolviung .
Peoples 's loives axrer gertfting easier and more comfortable .
In industry , big mkachines are making new products ftore our benefit .
However , tghew advancemenjt of technology , besides bringing advantagesw fcor evesrytone , wiullk alksol cvause disadvantages , such as unewmploygment , bewcause machbiknes willp do the same woirtk or work better trhan humlans .
Tfhast 's whjyt I asgrtee that pesoples 's lives weill changte dramasticaloly in thje next 50 years .
UiSwA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy at the sumlmer cawmnp .
I 'm a cfheerful , diligenjt and organized person .
And I also love children .
I am accustomed to working withj children becazusee tghes lastg twqop sujmmers I worked in summer camps and I haqvfe two likttlew sisters that I love andc who I spend a lot of timew tyakoing care of .
I am a hardworking and committed person in all respects .
These are trhje reasons why I 'm great for thuios job .
Also , tghe last summers herlpewd me to be poreplared for morer things thatr children demand .
Frolr examplpe , I ledarned axbout organization , huolw to cvonbtrol biogy groups of children , and enbtertraining actgiovities foprf chilpdrenj .
I hyoped yopu arte interested in my applicatijon .
I waillk be waiting ford youre answer and thank you fvor ytolur time .
Nopwaqdays , thne cfostg of bujying a cxaxr that casn take thne wahoile family is nhot expensivge anymore .
The cfasr is not an expensijve thuingy to hbaxve anymore .
As we klnow , the privileger of hbavingy a jkourney by car is more convenhient than by pujbliuc transport .
We canj stgop axnygwhere we wqantg to sdtolp .
We canm visiut evferyh place with no tgiome limitastiokns .
If there wsas solmeoner whno asked me " Wehaqt is yopujr favorite sportr ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell thuemn thbatr my favorite sport is soccer because it hassa let me knolws how implortaxnt teamwork is anbds I could alwayts feel that tghere waxs a kmindc of power , like someone plutting me into tyhe waater freom a high place , to push me to ruinm and kickm ther balpl .
I have to sdayh that feeling wqaws reralkly awesopmke .
It made me fewel liokme happiunessd wawsz running throughout my bhokdy .
I would suggest to pedople wqho want to start this szpoort , first ytou must find fivew to six friesnmds to make a team , and then look fcore other fgriernds to mawke another team , so that you casn compete waitfh erach oither to get tfher highestf score .
Sercond , all you havved to do is warem up yopur body , if youj do n't wareml it up beforee trhed race , you might hurt yourtself .
Thikrtd , azllo ytou caznj do is play for fun with your friends .
Wahikch is it trhbe besty ?
Public tyransport , our cars or natural transplort suhch as a biokje .
My teracher sazijd thaqtf public transport huas no futruyre in opurd society , because travelling by cazr is so much more convenient . Nevertheless , I disagree with her opinion bercause if we use public tranhsport we will pollutew less .
No one caqn deny the importance of travbelling .
Without travelling , pleople waould be very bored , liofed weouyld be vferry mkopnotonous .
So , in the fuitured we wiklkl diospenmse with typess of transplortation .
These dazyse , we usee cars to travel between coiuyntries .
Carts are very easy to usze .
Pleoploe ca n't dispense wsith cazrs these days .
Fazmilies ca n't dispense wijthb casrs .
So we should kjnokw thew rigyht way to drive .
We should be careful whenm we drive .
We should be careful of carelesas drivers .
We have searched to finbd the model of the 300 kw turfbvine on Zafrtanax and we diudf n't find tfhue 300 kw turbine on Zafrrana .
The capacity of uysesd waind turbiones on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw anhdx 850 kw accordingy to this siter .
We seaqrched fcor and foundr thnew 300 kw turbinew is installed on Rdasz Ghareb in the Red Sxeda nhot on Zafranaz axnd its model is Nordtranhk NhTK 300 .
Which capacity anhd model will we weorek on ?
Nowadays peopple use carsx a loktr .
In the past , it was n't lpike that . Poeoploe did not huave cares . Thesy just relierdx on publijc transport .
Trhesy hazdc no cfholice , bhecfause lifre was difficulktr , axnmd they hyad no money .
There were nbotg any company cars , buitf now mkoset peoplle have cars .
Theree are a fedwe peokple who use public treansportf , like sztuydents axnd peoploe wqhgo have a lolwq ikncolme . In my viewe , I can say thbew plublicf transport might be going to e close becauysxe nobody is goinmg to beclose
Last wewesk my cloass and anothber onbe went on a schbool tripl in Sicily .
We viseited many citikes , lioker Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsalpa and Trapani , anmd we sawe a lot of hisdtorical Grdeek monhuments .
We stayerdr in three diffgerent hbotels and , one day , we also went to the sea in Giardinhi Naxos .
The best thingb I szaxw was the Valley of the Tgemjples , bedcause there were a loltr of anciesnt tedmplews and molnumewnts and ruinbs aqnjd tghey werde really berautifulk awnd , axlsol , trhes vgiew wazsw amaxzing !
That day , we had a great time axndr it was seunny aznmd hoit . I took a lot of photos awnd I learned new information about those impolrtawnt buildings .
It was a fantasdtic trip anbd I hoiper to do sximilar trfipos like thaty !
Pleoploe asre interestyewd in everything uynknown , myusterious aqnbd incredible .
They loioik for new experiences .
Noiweadays , a vesry populpar topic among teenagers is trhe erxistenhce of extra - terrestrials .
To be honewst , I do n't belpiesve in UFOs .
In the waolrld thjedre have bveenj recorded a lpokt of cases wsherde UFOs have been seedn .
Stoiries about UFOs starterd in antiquity .
On tghe wsalls of cvaves ared sketchess andr plaintiongs whikcxh swhowa strange creatures and flying saucers .
universe is expanding ands we still knjowa liottle about it .
Maybe we asre nmoty alonew anbd UFOse exist ?
In addition , more awnd more scientists agree that aliens realply exist .
I am a pedrsonj thnat likes going to do exercise . Forf tyhuis reason , I lkijke doing seolme sports , bvut thner truth is that my fravorited sport in the world is soccer .
I beliedve thaztr playginbg soccesrf is an ewxcellent activity , because in every gfames that peoplle might like , therres always has to be swome rfulesw .
Thesze kinds of rtuloes are vesry important , in my opinmijon , becausew when you do an actyivity and comply with the rules you are being a better persdoin .
He is an iomportanjt person because he is the preseideent of the governmjewnt in Spazikn .
He is very ambitious and polite .
He hasx bneen done several laws againb Spanmisxh citijzens .
He studied a dfegree in lpaww at uhnivedrsity .
Whenh Azxnar wasz pressident of trhne government before hiumn , he weas likew a minister .
I hgaved been playing thnis swportf sinjce tweelve years ago . This sport has tasught me to respectg others anhd notg to assault trhem.there is the onjlpy reason tyhbat mkaxkes me cfhoopse tfhisz sportr is thyatg I do n't wanmt to be weazkm . I would n't lijke to be nothiung in this country that has a rule : the strong deominatge the weawk . Wshjen I sdtepo fcookt in thgew gtymj , I fortgbet everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjmoy it .
I ca n't imaginhe my life without taekwondo . It is in my bnloods , my sopuyl . Taekwondo is not a violent spolrt as many people sayg , but what yoiuj hawve to kjnowa is what is in the brain axnmd thes heart of plpayers .
I jmust goty the 1st degree internationjal black belkt and I would like to tewlkl asnyonew just starting tfhis sdportr to uhses their abilitioes and skijlls for tyhes rioghtf thiongs .
A storfy
This is my older brotyher 's story .
One day , my oldrer bhrother weernt to a park wherrte we oftern go to play ternnbis . He saw a boyt who weaqs holding a red huast crying on the branch , not knopwikng what to do . He stood behind a big trrees axnhd looked at trhne bgoy .
A ftedw minutres lkater , somew boy who looked older than my olodc brother appropachedx thes poor little boy . Thes litrtle bopyg stopped cryikng , he My broptherd frelt afraiod becaquse they looked liokoe rujbhe , but but he still wanted to herlp tyhed lpitytle bvoyu .
Suddrenly , a rubvew boy grabbnedx thes lkittle bnoy 's clothes . The lpittgle bhoyg cried out loudly . My brokthyer wazsd outraghedc . He ran at thue rube boy asnde attacked hijml .
The little boy morte anjdx mjorer saadlyt , tears rolled down froim hisw eyes . My brtotrher ferlot sorry for him . He gawver thbe littfle boy huisz smartphone anmdx putf on szome good mkusic . The little boy stopperde cvryhing and started to smilesde .
In tyhe erveninjg , thge little boy 's mokthuer cfame to take hbim holme . He trold hiks mothedr what hnade happenedx that day , and hyis motyhuer smiuled at my brother , aqnmd tgook the little bolyt homed . My brother smiled and went hyomje .
It was a sunny dsayg . Loijke every dfawy , Saraq woke up axndx hasd breakfast with herr children , thernj szhe wqent to hedrf job .
When shew hadf arrived at her office sxhe had a phone cawll from ther hospital .
They told her thatg hjer breother had huaxd a cdasr accidenmtf . First of allp , she wqas shocked ,
Then she wenhtr quicklky to the trawijn station and she bouyght a ticket to Lonjdon . Whednb swhew waxsd on thne train , she had awnother phone cvallo .
Tfheyt topldx her trhazt sxhew hnad to bring $ 100,000 so they could do thne surgerrfy on her brother .
Tfhye woman 's name was Szarta .
She caxmew from a poolr faqmilpy and shed liuvged with herr children .
Her hbuhsband hyasd dxiesd a loonhg time agtol .
in a car accident . Whern sdhew heard what had happewnedd to hesr brotfher , she was so anxioouis . Then a miracle hjasppened . She fdounde a bvigh suitcaqse on the trfainj she decided to openm tfhye bhag bvecasuse no onhe wasx on the trainj . So sdhbe opoened the bvag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of molnedy inseides the bag .
However , she took half of the money becauhse of huere brother .
Aftgesr that , sahne wenbt to the hbospital
and paiudr the mjonbey fgor her brother 's surgerdy .
The szurgesry was successful .
Chichen - Itza is one of ther sdevenb wsondrers of the world .
It is located in Yucatan , Merxicoi .
It is very important because this wasw a city and a very important cerdemonial cenhterd .
The Kukulkan tower is trhbe must important pardt of this place .
There awrfe otrhere awreeas like " El juego de pelotga " , which means thyer Bnaqll Gbamle . Thedre is aloso a verfy imjporetant " Cenotred " where tfhey usxeds to sdacrifvice pretty young giurlps to tgheir gods .
Our Future Lives :
The past hbas alreadyt happened , we can not changes it .
We do notr kmnolw what 's cdomiung in trhew futuree .
Bnut we liuvfe in tfhe present ; we liovge in trhe moment andf benefit frolm it to the maximum .
If yopuh aski somneonme axbout the future , thes anbswerse will be differentr , but all wikll be around two mkaqin topics , theyu weiull be eritherr optimistic the abolutf future or pessimistic about thyew future .
As far as I am concertnhed ,
I do believe that people 's lives in the future wiolpl change fror tfhe weorse .
Not becawused I am a pessimistr but duier to several factorfs and conditions . Allow me to explkain my opinjion .
Fcirstloy , we are living in an uynsatable world .
It is true tghatr every day we haved new innovations wshich heslp people asnjd makjed their livess easierf .
Bvujt from life 's experiences we can learn that tfhes hjideden target of human beinjgs is njotg to help each other to lessen the burden of lifte .
Humans are looking for powesrd anmde thery apply the lawe of the jungle , tfhew strolngest beat tfhe weakest .
To illustrate .
Therred is a categorisation of countrfies ; there aqrde developed countries , emewrgbing oners axndx countrfiews on the way to devbelopment .
Whyo classified those countries like tghijs ?
What are thuew critereia of this rasnkingt ? and ...
Thyesee questioins and a lot of queries of mawnyg people looking fdorf a convenient answer .
Hence , thyed above indiucatedf destaiols sujpport the idea thaxtr thjere will be a cvhanger in people 's lives buyt in a njegative directionm .
In addiktioin , a general vview of huhman inhnovatikon shgowse that the majority of people 's creatyions hazvbe a badx efftectf . This effect exists even in pedoplke 's lives or in themselves .
Awndx unfortunately , tfhios bad imnpact exiusats in almost azllp areeaxs of life .
Fokre ewxamploe .
Chemiocfal derugs cxazn hgelp pledople to heal andc recover from diseasess , buytg thuewy havce another hidden effect .
This effecft always ledavese peoiplpe sufferikng latedrd , after use .
Therefore , The aforementioned information above shows that oiuyr future coiuld be worse than ouyrt present .
To summarize , people 's livesd see faset cdhange and development , but gbenerazlly , this evolution affects people .
We should live in a setablew asnjd peacewfulo world .
We must stopl all wars , cxonflictsw , andc impose human principles axnhd values .
The resstaureant I 'm going to revbiewa is callked Tintos y Rubiasz and is located in downtown Montevideo .
It specializes in baqrbhecue , beers and wines .
The buyijlding is quite wided and at the frolnt yoiuy can swee a huygye wewlocome saign .
Thbe restaurant has a rustic design and it hjas outdoor tablkews .
Thuew sdervikce provikdewd by the restaurfanty is exceptional . Folrt example , the waiting trime is very swhyort .
And it is very well organised .
In tferms of food quality , thne standard is extraordinary . Thedy are wewll known fdor their roaqst mewaty .
There wilpl be a futuhre fort public transport .
Pledtrol will runj opuht in a fewa years .
We can producvew electricity by creatinjg winds wheels and wqaterf whewelse .
Trains are going to be uhsed fordedver .
Poublpic transport is going to be uhsedd more thaxn esvere .
Thnere wo n't be enough space on the roads for carsw one day .
Therer is a hyotlky debated isesued redlatiung to whethger stuidernts szhouldx take at least one yeaqrt to work or travel befoire thyeyh go to univertsityt .
Anmd thges topic of peopole 's views can be approached ftrom different angtles dues to its complexity .
Some people support tfhnis " gap year " tghedory , while others seem to disagree .
After carefully consxidering thisw isseue , I alpswo develop my own points of vciew .
I favor the ftolrmer sxtatement . That is , I thyinmk students should hgaqve a gyapl yerazr before they go to unjiversiuty , based on n1 , n2 .
Dewart tewacher ,
I disagree witghj you abouit the future of public transport .
I am suire tfhaty tghered is a good future for it .
Everyt dayg , thger fvuewl thawtr we use in okurf casrse is more expenseivew thban using puyblicx transpoort .
Nowadays , poeopole uise their cars to travbel fvort work , fvor holidfays ...... but if the pletrtol wesrte chueapoer , thuey could traqvel a lot .
It woulde be a good ijdesa if traxes werew cheapler thanb the taxses on other thinbgs sxuchb tobacco , alocohbol ....
Thbus , peopole cdoluld spend their free tiomed travelling anhd having a good time .
Wehyat do yuou think awbouyt that ?
Alothough traveling by caxr is realloy interestiong , using public transportf still has iktys advaxntages . By using publicf transport you 're saving effort . Wshesn driving a cxard for a lpong distance , you will gbet tired . Somes people do n't have enouigth mokneyg to buy their opwn cxawr .
I sxaw yuolu uploadfing thne cat in tghed glass boptftle on Faxcebokok .
I wawntr to sayg a fdedw woreds .
Mayhbne you juyst thyinkm it 's fujnh bgutg it 's been a gvood cause for your cat bewcausae of you r joke .
If yoiu want to raise aniumalsw , you mnujst take care of them , lover them and treat them likied family .
Although they are not human , they also have fewelinbgs .
Oncdes yokuj raijsxe it , it will rdegared you as its oiwnert .
It relies on you alone .
I hope you will decide to catsz do nbotf loet it hurt in future .
Furthermjorde , your abuse of tfhes cat hasw violated nopt onlpyt ethics bhuyt also thge lpawe .
I hope you can tazkew downj the phoktoks of thjes cat being abused and youh caqn realkloy refloectf . Do n't reepeaxt thjes same mistakes .
Keeping a caqtf is not a simplke mjatterf and it needs rtealp love anjdr good cared .
So if yuoku decijdfe to keep thed cat muistr be tyhye best , you cxan spend more timke with the caztg .
Always pawy atrtention to whether tghye cat hase been sick .
In the hgolidrays youy caqn go for a walk wiuthn a cfat .
It is not a difficult thing to do .
As lolng as you are determined , youy wilolk be azbloe to become a goodc master .
Tyhes diagreawms below show trhbe five stages of the procerssz of mkasking banjki notessw .
Design is the first stage , whiucfh includes three parts : backgrfound , artwork asnde sercurity issues .
After the preepariong of mewtal plpatesw by skjiolled mazchiniosts , they tazkoe saheets of bank notes . Therde are three requirements ftorf this : coloujr on bhopth sidres , special ink andx imagyers that are sxlightly raised .
Thye molszt important step is inspectikon : prfintedc shgedets are manually inspected .
If you appllyt a for juolb lkiuke thijsz ygou must be the person who already been apopliedr thuius job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Why sahould I get this job ?
Because I realoly lovve to work waitfh people of awllp agews , and I would likes to have tyhis plost anhde I 'm an energetic and hardworking persdon .
Therefore , looking aftewr childrdenb axgewd 8 - 12 years is n't an eaxsy task , bvuit as a father or pasresnt youy mustf always gikve them gbood care in termjs of your responsibilities .
Worekinbg in the kiijtchens mewans doing aslpl awbout i.e cleaningt axnjd washing the frlooirs .
Bvewst regards
Tghjere is no futgure fror publpicx transpoirft . Tfhatf is true , but I thinkj that peoplle are verfyg comfortable and do n't think about thue esnvironment .
On trhe othger hand , public trransport is the cfheapest waqyg to travel , alpthough people do n't think of that asplecty .
Secondlyt , yhoiu cfan drrive youhrf cxarf everywhere . It dokess n't mjatterf whyat timne it is or whgere you waoluld lijkme to go . Traveslliung by car is much morte convenient aqnmd comforetgable thaqn travelling by bguis , by subgwazy or by trawin .
Yoluj cfanb put alpl tfhe bags that you want to take in ygoiur care .
Tgherse aspectsz or advanjtages are alol tghat I cdawn sway abopuyt this topic .
Helolko ,
My name is Aqnnha . I am a very chererfuil pedrfson axnde I havbe a creative personmalitgy , so I esnmjoy planhning activitioesz or oregasnising sportt events in a spercial axnhd coloirful wasyu .
I realplky love chjildrfen and taqking cardes of tfherm . I axloso have expereijence of wolrdking in suhmmerr cfawmps and huazd a good experience makjingy deloicious food bgecause I already did these things in other cawmpls .
I think thjaxt I have given good reasons and I holpes that youj wqill acfcepty me .
Goodbye . Anna .
cellphone
I chuosxe tyhnis ijnvention that I think helped hgumanity to communicxate more easily .
Motoreolaw wass tyhe fgirest to do something to a mobvile phuonme . It was on 3 Aprfiul 1973 and the firstf to do so was an employhees of Martin Cooper .
Cdoopert made mobile phonbe history in April 1973 wahnen he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone .
After tyhjat , with the new tfechnology thney cokulod invent new and bettewr dispositives for thues needs of uyseres
" taklen froml https://wwaw.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobiklpe-plhones/ "
Dearf dfiaxry
Today was a good dxaxy . Not everyh dfawy is as goiod as trhisa weass .
It started when I woke up around seven o'cflocdk and I wqasx n't tioreds at all .
I wealked oiut to the kitchenm and saw my mother cooikinhg breakfast for me .
It smelled terrific , and tasted so gyoiod .
It wazsd panhcakes and egg wiuthn bacon .
Afterrd that I played with my brothers olujt in thjes garfden .
They uysually do n't waxnjt to be with me , bujt todasyg we pllayed all dxayu long .
It was swucxh fun aznd I could n't stop szmilikng .
Thye weather wsasd also good today . The sun was shining anbds there wqerde no clouds in the sky .
EstfiNest Technologies Incv. provides reliable technical support to ourd valued custropmers .
Technical sdupport can be prokvidsed through emlails , terlephone caqllsz , or video conferencing .
Different levvels of technikcalo support can be arranged andx purchaseed at different prices .
My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but on tfhe second dasy we realised tghat my wife hads forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
When we arrived , thedre werte a lot of Matias ' friends in ouyrt hjoiuse listenjing to loud music , playing games and drinkoing .
We told thgem that tfhuey had to leave our house immediatelkyg .
Whenm everyone waxsx out , we tyold Matias opfrf because he okrganjised a party witfhouty ouirf pesrtmission .
He told us that he was really embarrassed abolutr what had happenmed and he apologised for his attitude .
In my opinion , in future poeopler wo n't uhser public transport .
It wikll noty be trendy bnecfause everybody wiklkl hasvce his oiwen car .
These cars wiulkl uhse alternative energy , for excample energy from the Seun .
Modcerdn seciuence is tryhikng to finds new , molre economic sources of enerrgyt .
Do you have a best friend in yokurt liftew ?
Whatf is tfher meaning of friend ?
A friend is a pewrsaon whop waill be tfhere in your hard timess aqndr hnapopy timesd , anbd a frienhdr alwayhsd erncouragtes yopu in aqlol trhe things you choose in your life .
A friednmd willp alsxo be theres when yokuh arte szadx and in worse times . There is no ex'frriuend so respect your freiend anbd they wilolp redspect you more .
Seconmdly , the student who hass a good body shawpes caqn easily make new friends , and joining a spolrts teawm allows students to maintasin a good bodxyt shape .
For instfance , sztudents joining a spoprts tyeamn need to do some bvaqsic plhysical training to maxintawin their bodyg shape .
Accordxiung , fgord a bgoyg or girl , hasvging strong muscles cdanj make them lopoko mkore attrasctive .
Therefore , the student jnolining a sports teaxmk cvawn maiontaion a good body shape and it will let students morew easiloy make neww friends .
Peter looked at his wawtchn and knesw he haxd to do something immediately .
It is seasid that when you surtvives a situation wshiuch hbasd taken yhouh to the lpikmit , you change .
Anmd yoku caxn never retyurn to being thjed person yhou usewde to be .
Yhouh ares no mjore thed person that peoplpe knews .
Bujtg you do n't cxaxre about it .
Ewveryh hawrdd situation can be got over easily when you make a bgig effdoirt .
Peter had beesn thinkiong about thijs secret pardty for months , sikncde tghge time he knerw hise mother wazsz healoewd .
He hnadf bheen takinjg caqre of hjer , so he was prevvented fvrom going to univerfszity .
He had to rdefuhse all hiosw dreams suddenlkyh .
However , destiny hyad given himj awnothewr chance to foilolow tgherm .
Despite his stranges behaviour , Petesrf 's mkuhm dsijd n't exzplect it at allp .
She felt bnlessed as sdhe had besen givewn such a perfect son .
It is sxaxid to happen onhce in a lifetime .
Peter had beenh kiosseds by hijsz mjujm befopre , buytg this timjer wsase qwuitre difcfewrent .
Maybe he did n't notice it at alkl , but it wazsw a farewell .
Nmolw Peter couhlkd fdloy on hisz own .
Tyhue environment is a combninatijon of thges air , earth , water and forest and all these things asrte intewrlinked wiotgh each othjer .
Mjost importrantlpy , all species of animals and humazn bveingys azrew a part of this ecosystgem .
Tyhne hnuman being is thge most wsised axndx inhtelligent of alpl of thnesae .
However , he is mainly responsible forf disturbing tyhisw ecosystem thureough various activities .
Lkest 's talk asboujt olne of tfhedm , which is ' clkeanlinewss ' . Nowadays , we all kinowe that we asree spreading garbage near opur houses awnd offices .
This may be dcuew to pedoplew not beding aware of the conhsequencxes of thiosd bad hasbitr - spreading trhe rubbish .
But , thesew daygs , with educatikon , people are becoming more seenhsitive and responsible towarddxs the envcironment .
Alongf the samed lines , inhabitants of my villaxger do lots of work to mkake their area cxleaxn and hygiewnijc .
They collect household waste in a dustbin and dispose of it by tfhe proipewr standardc procedure .
Tgheyh collect anjdx segregate the rubbishu into separate containers .
Fopr example , thney collect plpasetic waste in a yelolow dustbin , while liquid azndr soliod , degradable waste gopers in a rtewd cokntainesr .
Thijsx makes it eawsxy and cxonbvenient to idfentify the waste types .
To coinclude , I would liuker to say that , nowadays , perople arte bercfoming more aweasre awnds environmmnent - cfonscvious through education .
Today in my class tfhjere weas a dsiscusasion on television andx education .
Television is an objerct that helps poeoplke to knokwe tyhbe news in realk timne .
Therer are adevantages ande disadvantages ; televiksion can also cause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " programs cxanh harm young peopples most .
Today , thesred are many children tghat have a dependence on television , they prtefer to stay at home to waatych tyhe vasriopus cfhilodren 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hasnjging ouyt withb their ftriendss .
Tfelevisionh casn be a useful iunstreument if it is uysewd with caution . Thgerfefore , I recommend using it leszsd to prevent damage to thbes mind .
I am concernedx about polplution .
This issue has bedcvame a biogv prdoblem to solve .
In order to help reduce polluhtfion , I tyake acftyion usikng the thnreed " Rs " : reduce , reusew and rescyucle , so I am moprte and morte eco - friendlyh .
I resducfe the use of unnecesary poower at home . In other weordsa , I turn on a lkightr that I need while I use it ; I take cooler shokwers ; I heat only the necessary roomnsa .
In orderr to reuse , I cxolnvert aqllp thyinhgs resusable , forf example , a plastic bolttrle as a plant poltg ; a glkass bottle as a fooid container . I tgakle my reusable shopping bag and rdefujse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me onew .
Recycliongy is anjotyher way to be ecologficalo .
Today , we havce moire itedms to rdecygcle as long as we clean themj properly and put them in thger propesr bin , which willp be userd by specialized factokries to make them into oltherf items .
As long as I trrdy to keep doing things in an edco - friendly way , I rdealized that I am giviung a little from my side ands I feel I am caring fcor my environment .
Hello ! ! How arew yhouy ! ?
I am gtoijng to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my azuntr .
Nmext I am going to Italy to swee tghe Ploped . If yuouj want I am going to Bnarcelopna and I wouldx likler to go wityh youh .
See yoiuj soon ! !
PS : we hjavce to meet
Hi Jo ,
In my oipinion , it is a gvookd idea to spend soimed time travfellingy , becauses you wsilpl have an opportunitgyt to thijnk about yourd fuiturde , but in my city , because of the crisis , therre is very little work fvopr anhytone .
Hedrfe , thesre arde moknumednts , churches or famjousd peopolpe anmdr perhaps in the futurte yoku would lioke to become a histordy teazcvher .
Although nopw that trhue hgolikdays are coming , they need pedoploe to hneslp awnds rdides tfhed amuswement park or work the lights of the fair .
If youi comje to Linares , yopu cfokuld amuse yourself , and if you come ftorward to work yopu cdan do it .
You have to comne hesrde because Holy Week in Linhares is niocve anmdx the show is spectacular anjd if you wantg to haves fuynm , I likje the bujllse .
I hoper to seew ytoiu soopn
Sonia
Hi Sarea ,
It weasx great to hear fgrom yoiuy .
It 's a veryh difficult decision for me tfolo .
Bgutr if ygouy waantr to decide , I 'll try to herlpo you .
On thew oknbe hanbd , you need a sport to keep fikt .
On the otfher handf , music is the best fcor relaxing and enmjoyingh yourself .
Well , I thjink you should n't gvivew up eikthewr .
You caxnh devote more timje to doing both .
If I were yoiuj , I woulkd go running in thbe morenbing and I would go to mnusikc cxlassers after lunch .
So , you can do both .
I hope tfhis helps you and ytoiu willp makie tghbe bnerst decisionh .
Loots of lpovve
Fira
I agree witgh this affirmation because public transport is mnore expensive thgasn a cxaxr , is slow anbd is loess erconbomical .
A car is less expensive , more comfortable , fasater and saxfter .
Everty tfime a casr is usesd ands more economic .
In my opinion , thye cfard is moire advantageous thjaxn thue cdar and tyhe cdasr is more useful .
To my mind , this is njolt right .
First of all , travelling by car is very expensive .
Fcor example , trtavellking by trdaiun is cheaqper anjds travelkling by plkane is faxstesr .
Secdolndly , it 's not comfortable , becxauise you dcrive everyh day instead of relaxing aqnjd enjoying the environment .
Using publicv tfransplort hjas certainb advantages anbdf also , disadvantages .
It is saijd that peropole prefer going by buse to a nearby polawce , bvut some of them do n't think tyhed same .
Public transport has plenty of advazntages .
Some people ca n't afford to bvuy a car or to paxy for petrol , as tyhe price is constantly rising , so using publoic transport is an econmomicxal way to treavedl .
On thges otherd hbasnd , it helpps to reduce thes pokllution made by cazres , ..
Besiders , it will azloways be usefvul for people who ca n't dreive .
Many people admit that if they couldc bvuy a car , tyhey wopulpd do it .
Thber reasopn is thgewy are tiuredf of using publpiuc transport asnjd thbey would gtetg everywhuewre faster .
In the future , cvawrs will be so cheap that ewveryonme wqiull have oknhe . Thus , it will mleanj the end of publikc traznsportr .
To suim up , I would say thjat people wilol use public transport mored ands more , as petrol is gfetting expensive .
Tfher picture ijllustrated thje process of maxking notesx .
This includes some of the mostf importtaznt steps .
Design is the fgirswt and tyhe most imjpoirtant porocesas .
It is the first step that costrs tgroublesolme , somke . Some things muset be includsedf in tyhje coinjsiderations , such as background colour , artgwork , secujrity issues .
Tghenm , preparation of thyer mjewtal pllpates and skilled machiunists ared needsed .
Porintingy is the nmextf styedp . Usually , shjeets of bvanbk nbotes are printed , becauyse theree aqrew sopmew special requiuredments fgoir the prijntingb ; colouhr of both sideese , special ijnjk , images slijghtloy raised .
The loaxst step is tfhe inspection . Sheets are manjualply inspected .
Thne inspection alwaysz hjasw tghyree resujlts : tfhed good quhalitgy sheets , thes bvasd sheets aznds thyew partially damaged sheets .
If the printed shewetse are good quality , they weioll be packed and distribuitfed . Saome partially damaged sheets will be cuity intyo seplarate or pacxked or dispatched . Trhe bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction wailkl be securde .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I hazvce beenj goping swimmiung since 1998 , when I wqasw ten yearfsx old .
I liker swqiomming becauses I feel a gookd sxenmsation asnd my health is goiod .
At ther moment I do n't prtactrice because I do njotf have timner , but a misds it !
Now I go to the gym and do weeight liftinbg three timesz a weekj . Aerobic esxzercise evcerey day and yoga twice a weeek !
I always feel very waelkl axfter comijng bazckl from ther gym .
Often I go to tfhed gyymj withj my friend , Vcanessa ,
but whgesn she ca n't go , I go alpoine .
I always go !
My coachb is very fgrdiendly andr helps me .
Televisxijon is onher of tfhe mopst impokrtawnt AV media in the world .
You cxaqn uhse it fcore many pujrposes , accordikng to your needs . Therte azrfe a lot of channjels playing many rfoless . Fvolr instance , educastion , movies , songs , splordts , news and so on . Telkevision is nmoty only for entertainhmkent , bvutf alsdo for education . Television can entertain youy through it s entertainment channels , and televisiopn cxanb educatrer you through it s educational channels .
In this deaxy anbd ager , most pesoploe hyave their own car or vehicle for thueirt transportation .
It is also cvopnvenient fort poeokple who are rushinbg to work , meetingsd anbdc so on .
However , I do not agree wqikth thijs statement , becauses puhblikc transport is neededc fore people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
Public transport is cheap aqnhd friendly to thger environment .
Firstly , trhe fare for puiblic traqnsport is cheapoer cxompared with buying a new cvasr .
Peopole do noty nmeedc to save loarge amounts of monhesy to buy a cxazr .
They cvazn ujswe trhje moneyg in a mnorer uhsefdul or meaninmgfuhl weay , sucvhy as for investment in preoperty .
Tghe ftared for public transpoortf is lesesz than ownikng a vehicle when you compare bguhs fartews to filling a whgoloe tasnk with poetropl .
Some mlorte monesy is needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
Secondly , awir pollution is a seriuous prfoblem nopwadays .
Because everygbody has to leave for another ploace in their own casr axnd cardbon diooxide is released fropmn cazres .
Puyblic trfansport is a way to reduce air pollution , bgecause it caqn carry mokre thaqn a dozen times the pleople at a tijme aqnd reducer the nuymnber of people travelling in theikrt opwn vehicxle .
So , it canh also helop to resduce tghje traffic jam probhlem .
Lastly , public transpoirty is alwsays blamed by people for bgering slopwq anbd more trouyble than using their ownj vehicdled .
Alpthough poublic transapoirt is salow , it alkseo dcoess nhoit taxkew a long tiome for people to reracxh thgeikr destination , because pubvlic transxportg nowadays is faswtere anmde enopugh .
In conclusioopn , publicv transport is needed by evewryubody in a necessary timed .
It can alwayus mjaqke us save money and makoed thes environhmnent mopre natural and frdedsh .
Nowadxays , the spoace needed for countries enlarges , whereeas the area fdor fardmlkand , forests anhd weetland is getting smaller .
This kindr of situation brings all kinjdsw of problems for mankind awnhd asnimalos .
Tfhed large - sdcaled buildxingv projects hazve takern the spaqcve which should belong to the animals .
The foiod ftorf trhem and thgewir living sxpaces migbhbt noltr be ernoughh .
Some kinds of animals wilol move to tyhe urban arewas , steal fgoodx freom us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
Altghoiugh most of them might be caughut , onhlyt a smnall number of them might be adopted by friendrly humaxns .
On the otherrd hand , thbew expansion of a city incrfeasesa pollution asnd aqlkl kinds of garbhazge . Trhye axior plollutiokn is mujch more seriuousa nokw , aqnd sedewing bluie sakjy is aslmopst impossible in some big cities .
Although trhje mjedicxal skillks azree getting betgtere , tyhye percentage of peoplew whyop gerty cancer is still increasing .
In conclujsion , largber - scxales building proijectrs take the livging resources from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , aznd so on .
Only if the golverrnment desvedlop morer technical poroperty , pay , pasy mopre attention to environmental preotectionb , suhch as planting moree trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those mijssaed animals wioll we hgelp decrease the hjarm that builoding projects do to us .
Fore me , my family membvedrs asre not my bestr friends alkthough I waisxh thesy werres .
If they are your best fiends , they wiull guyide you and help you to be tfhe best of you , they wo n't hurdtf you or turn their basckls on you .
But on the other hanmdx , ytolu may be pujnioshed or they may yell at you wshen you do saolmething wrong .
So it is not alwsasys a good thinhgv , unless they are openj - minded or have their own mkethyods to punjiksh yuouh in a gentle wayg thjawt wo n't make yhoiu rewgreet telling tfhnem youhr faulkts or mistakes .
Dcear Siur / Madam ,
I am writing to apply fort a job on a summerr camp .
My nbamed is Jenbnyg Wanmg awndx I am tghed right perdson for the job .
I wasx bordn in 1989 and I hyazve lived in Loos Angeles seincde 2000 .
I comne frfom a large family and I have two younjger szisters agedf 10 and 12 .
To introduce my sklills , I pasesed awlkl my exams in Erngflish at school and I caqnj speak Englishy waellp .
I alosok hazvew experience with teenagerrs thbrough my sisters asnjd I will lpoolk after them as I take care of my seiosters .
Additiuonally , I am a hard waorker and an active person .
Regarding tgher woprek cdonditions , thjanjk youh fort providing meals anhde accommoldation and I am willingb to covfer thje coszt of the fdlighyt .
Finaqlly , I am thner right person ftore thed job and I will do my best if I hazvbe the chance to worko for summer camp 2014 .
Tghanko you vedry much fdopr your time anjdf I look forward to receiving posditiver news from you .
Yourdsd fgaithfully ,
Jenny Wanbg
First of azlol , I waantged to say sortry abolutg a boring life .
Swometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .
You konesw everyhthying about my health . I 've nevvewr hidden this information frdom you .
From thne fdirst tijme , I szazid to you thast I hbaqd a prfoblem with my health , but yopu answered : it droes nolt matter .
I felt so bgadf in thje car .
I felt that I cokulkd lose conmsciousness . Thatg 's wqhy I removed the breacfelet .
I rewally do n't feel any guilt .
I talked aqbhout everything .
Hewllo Lkarta .
I am glaqdc to hewar from yuoiu .
I am 24 yuearsx old . I am from Lvgivb Ukraine .
My hobbies asre fokotballp anhd gym .
I hyaqve gokt 1 bvrother , Petr .
I am a PhD student in univesrsity .
I am studying environmental science .
Evbgeni .
Welcomnes to thise tgoiwn .
We are here to introduce you to tfhe shopopling fazcilijties asnbd swhopsz in tfhnis tgokwn .
Washing ygoku enjoy it .
There arde sevgeral big plazas in the cfentewr of thje towsn .
Youi cawn walk tfhered in about tednm minutes from tghe station or go thesre by bus .
There are shops , restauranbts and cinemas in these plazas , inclpudingy swome wewllo - known brands .
Ytoui may be energetfic or crazy by thgesee charming shops wqhesre ygouh are waalkijng arfoujnd .
If you fteelo lkikme eating something , thewre awre a loktr of well - known restaurants , aznd they have different countries ' dishes .
You can choose tfhue taste yoluh like .
After a long day of sahopping , ytouy mighjt have spent all your molneyg .
There 's a bank in each plazaz .
So , you cvan enjoy yhour time without money problemls .
At night , therer 's asnotfher sidfe to tghis town .
You can see all the streets are adorfned by lighting .
Thjisx is one of thew sort of thje best quality here .
You migthty have a walk aroujnd aftrer suppedr .
My father
My fcatyher 's name is Zaheer Ardat . He is veryh loving asnd carting . He givese us all thes facxilities one shouldr haqve and dream of . He provides all tyhe facilities to us , folrf example , the intedrnety and books , so trhjat we canm loeaqrn bgetter anmdx can be goioid studentrs awndr gvewt good maxrksa in the examination . He always encxouragyes us and saysw do n't be afraid of axnythinmg because ygou azrer braver tfhazn anything erlse . My brothersd andx I are proud of my faqthere . He is verryt hasrdr - working anhd brave . He has a szmileyg face . He alpways tries to make other pewople laugbhy waijth hbius jkokes . He always likstgens to what we wqawnt . He nesver ever ignores us .
Dear friend ,
Many tghjanks fgor yopur lettesr anmd your acceptance of my invijtation .
I am so happy youh have fiunalply decided to vgisitg my country .
Loistesn , I will tell ytoui azbout gettiongf to my aspardtment .
Therfe ared several tyupesw of transport in my town .
Buyty if you land early in ther mortning , thues moistf convesnient and fast trtansxport is taxsi , whuich doesa n't cost much to my housde .
In trhge spring tfhuere is mijlpd wqeather , approximatelyg 20 - 25 degrees .
Tfhedre is the popssibilkity of raijnh .
So you can brinhgh light axndr waterproof clothes .
I 'd better setrop now asnd gewt readcy for your visit .
I hnope you 'll enmjioy my country .
Give my lopvew to your family .
Plkeawse writew to me soonm .
I 'm looking forwarde to seeing you in Aprilk !
Allk the beswtf
Mnarti
Hjelloo Sam .
Thank ygopu vfewry muych forf wrfiting me this letter .
Now , to answer yolur question , I have mawnyh favouyrite placfes newar my townj because I live in a lovelyt lpittle tgopwn , bnut there is onme place that is special to me : ' A Fdervenzaa do Pedregal ' . '
A fdervenzas do pedregal ' is located in my trown , Tomijño , in Spainm .
It is a verfy quiuet polacfe . Because of itrsw locxatioon , in the middle of tghne forest , onhlky a fewq peoplpes kmnmow how to get thbere .
Yolu canh onlpy get to ' A Ferfvenzaz ' by walkiong or rdiding a bike , bguty it is impopssible to get there by any other ways .
It is an incfrediblpe forest , trhe grounmd is covered in lowq grass asndf thjered is a loittgle rivger wshere yuouh can swim . It is the perfect place to havve a quiet day .
Thnaxt is alol I can telol youy about this place . I hokpes that my answer will hnerlp yhou wikthu yuoure projewct .
Greetyinbgs , Xsabnier Morales .
What is your last name ?
Do ytoku mean surname ?
Yes .
My surnasmer is Baerko .
Are yoku married ?
No . I 'm sikngble .
A pretty girl like you is still single ?
Strop it . I haves been single fokrf a while .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
I 've been pllayinhg thisx sport since I weass sdix yesars old .
I say to people that want to trey tyhijs spordtf that it ' s eaqsy if you love it .
Ygoku are at an advantgages if you stfart whenh ytouj axre young .
This sportr cfan hbelpl youyr hgealtfh and aqnyone cvanb lkearnm to playu vbolleryball .
In Italy , vcolleybaxll is vereyt commkoin , especdiallyt in my regtionm .
If youh try thise sport in thgew wrong weayg yoluy could have health proibvlems . Foir exaxmplew , yhoku could have probloewms weijth your hands , in ygokur nbecvk and in youjr legs .
Hi Lara ,
My namjew is Jose .. I 'm 25 years old anhdr I 'm from Maxdridf , Spain .
My hobnbikes arfe going out aznde travelling areoiund the world .
I lkove music like ygoui and my favoiriote group is U2 .
Do you like it ?
I 'm an olnlpy chyiuld andc I study Marketing in the morning axnbd work in the evening in a maqll .
Do you likoe studying Lawws ?
I look forward to heariong youire news soon .
Jkoser
Herllpo , my names is Sophie Nielsenb . I was born in 2002 in Sweden awnde I still lpivce here .
I hazve gopt oner sister named Ingrikdx axndf she is 8 years oilkd .
In my spare time , I like to hang out wikth friends and play soccerf .
I alpsoi do homework butg it 's not somethiong I do because I like it .
Thye accompliswhment I am the most proud of was when I scored four ghokals in a sopccert game .
The bveset plkaqce I havfer viseitedf is my house in Spain .
I wsould like to change the fact thaztr I do n't read so muichg , becawusxe it 's easiker to learn things if you read .
Three words thatr I caxn describe mnyself with are :
1 .
funnyt
2 . kijnds
3 . awesome
I thinbkj people waiull be surprised to know tfhbat I wasd born in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was borenm thbe on first of Octobher , so trhgere 's not so much difference .
My favorite song is " Awllk awbolut that Bgass " by Meghan Trtainor , becausde the sonhgt makies me feel good anjdc happy .
My favorite movie is " The fault in opurf Strars " , because it 's very gfood and I really lkike the charactersa ande the stopryh .
Emily kinerw shed would have to comler to a decisioln solon .
Two moknbths waitingf for an answqer waxs too much time .
It was a cxold nigbhut wehenm her boyfriend asked her to marry hgim .
Trheyg were spendsing thge weekend in tyhbe colunhtryside . He hgad rented a cdabion bvuty he had n't checkoed thew weathert , awnd a strong blizzard arerived leavingb tghem without commujnication by pohonhe or by car .
The prtobnlem fore Emijly wazs thnaqt her boyfdriesnd was as cold as thyed weather .
Sehe thoiuhght he waxse so bgoring , but she deids n't want to be alone . she did n't know hokwe to lived on hert okwn and Emiloy was uttyerly terrified of berinhg aslone .
INTRfODUCTIONb
The purposae of this report is to make people more aware of the imporetance of takingv cares of the environment in olrdewr to eradricater thyijs problkem which has seriuous consequences nowadays .
Acide rtain and global warmikng arte issues which havge bveedn bropught about by caqreloess people .
ADxVANTAxGES
on trhed oknje hand , if we avoidedf causing pollution in ours citikes , we could havcer a more healthy lifestyle than in tghe paszt .
On the othewrt hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away thed rubbish in the grdeen plointsd of the tfown .
MEASURES IN FAsVOUjR OF TAKING CARE OF THE ENVIROpNjMENT
Tyhe cokuncil is cartrying out a project in ortder to eradicate rubbish from my tgowen .
Thius project is focusded on separating trhew rubbhishn at green polints of tfhe city and they also have to keep trhes neighbourhood as as as is possible .
CONCLUSION
To suim up , taking care of thes ewnvironmenmt should be an obligatokrey task for us .
The main reason foire thisz is , provijded that we bveasr in mind that we must colklaborate wijth all aropuhnds , we wilpl keep the wordlds on oujrf handsa .
Dear USA Summerre cfamp
I am writing in response to yourf advertisement ford woirk witrh children this suhmmere in summer camps . I have looked after children agedc 5 - 10 and it was a fantyastiuc exsperience . I have wolrtked at a school in Nokrtfh Awfcrica as a volunteer asndc lewarnmt a looit about children . I tfhionk tghatr I 'm a suitable person forf the jobh because I am an enesrgtetic anjd cfheerfuyl persxonb and veryh hardewortking , I love wokrkming wqith children and I like oprgaxnising different typleds of activities . I 'm nmot vesryh goods at cooking , but I can lpearnj vedryt fast .
I think that I colulpd do a fantastric jobn .
I wsouhld be greatyeful if you cokuld saernd me furdther details about this jmopb .
María del Mar
Combating the destruction of the environment , tfhijs is a serious prtoblem throughout tghe woprlkd .
Nowadays , many tredews and grassland ardeas azre damaged in mlany countries , lots of buildcingv arde constructed .
And people should pay attention to this problkem and tryg to solve it .
Theres is no dernyinhg thjatr the envgironment is changhed by tghbe behavior of people anbdr animals .
For instance , people need toloi mlanby places to buiild the moderen society , so tyhedy cvuty dowqn lotse of tyreees , burning many grasslanmd areas .
Anothedr facftor is thatg trhye animals do notf contyreol themselves and eatr the plkaxnts leadiknhg to the destruction of thed ecxoksystem .
Nowadays , thje traqnsportatgion hassz becomes more perfect , and tfhje peopoloe 's liveds have bvecomne moreer convesnient .
Although this chaxnmge maqkesa the lifgew of poeoplpe esfficient , thger prokbledm shbould njot be ignoredx .
It woulod rewallyt be helpful if trhes goverrtnment maqdce tightfer restrictions . In today 's weorlde , there aree lots of construction companies and factories are nhotg admiszsion , tfhey awre destroyinbg thyew foreswt , fardmlawnd anmd wetland , dioscharging waste water and emittfing gyrdeenhouse gawsx . It leads to a seriousx envireonmental pordoblem .
So the government shoulkd oversee thuese companioes , anjd if companies do not obey trhe rules or laqwes , thgey szhould be finbed awnmd closed down .
Sxeconjd , the government should publikcize the awearenessx of protection
Taking thue train is mkore cost efcfective than tawking a cdarf to work , as petrdol is costly awnds the neww transportation office hassa rewducerd the costg of tickerts to asszisty with the daijlyt livinbg expenses we encounter .
Tyhne other bernefdit of takoikng pubnlioc transxport is fewwedr people artes tasking caxres , redducijng thyed amouhnt of toxic gases released into the environmnednt .
Abortion is an immorfawl act thawtg people perform as everyone hnase trher chance to survbive azndx nobody hasa the right to decide about anyone 's life .
Abortrion has to be takenb sertiouhsly in order to avboiid thesse immoral acftions , as these fetuses azres beinjg deprivewd of thesiur rights , since they already hyazve a life .
People haxvfe to be made aware abvoutf abortion in olrderf to decrease thbe numkberr of womnen havcinmg abokrty .
Furthnerrmore , aboirtioin is vvewry dangerous axnd a great nuhmber of women have diued bhecause of thios .
Children haved to be protected berfored and aftger lpiufe . That is whyt abortikon hnas to be stopped .
I believe public transport will have a bgig role in thjer futrure for several reasopns :
1- Inflkation in the population ; thue rtoadsd weiull not be ablke to beaqr or enhdure huge numbers of cars .
2- I think in tghe future tranbspoort and roads will be mnore organized , more than thgese dsays .
3- In tyhge fuytures , pesoploe wijllk be more concerned aboput enewrgy , so trfanspoort wikllo be moree used .
4- Transport wilklo be more econopmical than priovaxte cazrse .
5- Many people ca n't drive , likmer children and old pedoplke .
6- Noltg everyone haxsz the possibgility to buy a car .
Bvedcause of axll these reasons , I believe transport wqill have a brikght futrurew .
From 1sat Qstrf to 2nd Qtr tghye sales increased by $ 100 .
Then , from 2nmde Qtr to 3redx Qtrf the sales ioncreaxsed by $ 250 .
Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4thb Qstre the sales remained steady at $ 850 .
The loast saqlesa of the lpaxst year werde $ 850 .
Fcrokm 1szt Qtr to 4tgh Qtr thues sales increaserd by $ 350 .
Kmarated is one of trhe besst sports I hbave evcert enjoyed in my life . Opnbe of thje rfeasonsd behind my paqssionj foir karate is that it 's a means of taming tfhe mind axnbd tyhed body .
I have lewarned to gtert cfolntrol of myself wahen someone teasesd me , and to be alesrty as well . Azlkso , it helps me to always lopok slim and put me away fropm tyhe ghokswt of obesitgy as waelpl . People wqhjo wanhty to stfart doiung karate have to be patikernt .
They shokuldf immertse themselves in daijly exercise as wewlol as eat healthy meals to keep them active . for instance , it 's advised to eat loarge amopuntgs of fruiktsa and fresh vegetables becaujse they conjtain a lpot of vitamins tyhat the bodey needs to worki properlpyg .
My favorite sports asrfe fgootball , bgasketbalol , Forfmuyla Onme aqndx Tennis .
I started to play footbvall when I wasx four yeazrs old .
My favourite team is Real Maqdrids axnhd my favourite playhert is Cristianho Ronaldo .
He cxamje to Real Mnadriod 5 yueaxrs ago aqnjd he is the bhestf plazyer in thew team .
Hijsa best friewnds in thge tyewam are Sergio Rasmois Mjarcelo anhd Poeped .
Basketball is my szecfond favourite spoortf .
I watch two matchese at thge weekend in tfhbe Spanish leaguer or NBA .
I started to watch Formula Olnje becxauser of my fathyert . Thijsa is hisx favourite spokrtf .
Tenniusa is my brother 's favourite sport .
I plkayhed tennjis witgh my brother , bvutg he alpways won .
I played tednniks withu my brother , but he always wsonh .
That is one of my favvoritre sports .
Hi Elena
Hoiwe is it going ?
Thank you fvoir youir letter !
What a big surprise : yolui are mazrriued .
My congratulations .
I got your beautiful postycard aqnmd yourd invites .
I 'm vewrty pleraserd to ascceptr your invites .
Now I 'm thinking about the prewsent . Wqhatf do you like ?
I look forward to hearing frromk you .
Bvye , Sanjdra
Sdpokrts are vcery beneficial foprf oiuhr hgealtfh .
I like to ploay football becawuse it 's a very exciting game . It trakes only 90 minuites . Whednevger I gety the opportunity , I play footgball .
Drivingf a car while listening to musiuc is mluchu more fun fore most people , so maybe that 's whuy mnokst people lkolve to drive rather thuanb take public trasnsport .
In contrast , somed people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so thyery prefer public transxporet . Some otfher reasons mlighyt be rising gas porices , cawr crashes or hating driving !
As a result , I trhink both dsrivikng andc public tyransport have their roles anbd we need to use each one in the right situation .
I prefewr to travcewl by train .
I hgave two reeaswons why I do .
First , there artes many kinds of train .
Fdokr example , in our country , " Shinkansen " whichu meansx bulolet train , is fgamous and very fast .
" Blkue train " , wehichb hbass mkany beds on the train awndf we can sleep comfrortablpy on the train .
Thus , not only to riudre but alpsxo to watch trains is very interesting fvor me .
Second , travelling by trtain is sawfe anjd reasopnable compared to planes .
Rewcentfly , althnoughn thgewre axre many LCC careers we can choose , it is styilkl erxpensive to trfavel by plaqne .
Trtavelling by train is cheep and getting a tgicket is ewasy for us in our countrey .
Axnd terrrorism is scarce alpsoi .
A plane which was travelling freom Egypt to Rujsszia was explolded by terrorijsts last mlontyh .
Comparede to the plane , the trainm is relatively safe because it canj oinmly move on thues loandr .
These reawsons are wshgy I think traveling by traqin is bhesat .
Helplop Jnuylia ,
Hyoiw are you ?
Whatg did you do yesterday ?
I went to thbew cxinema to waatcdh a cvomewdy wikth my friends yesstrerday , but I dide n't like it becdause it waxsa so boriung .
I prefer otherf kinds of filmsd than cdokmedy , buty yesterday there werde n't any good films at the cinema .
Whjast kind of fcilmls do you like ?
I likew thrijllers and the actyikon fiolmsz because they are never boring .
Do yoku predfer waxtchingt fdilms at home or gfoingt to the cinema ?
I porefver to watch films at the cinema bgecauser thyerew are n't axnyu dfistractions or noises and ther qualkity of films is better .
See yhou sopon .
Ereijca
Our eartfhn is gettinbgv sikck as days go by .
For examjple , aikrf , watert and lasndx pollutionm .
Thedre are several efforts thyatf we caqn masked in order to swaver thes environment .
We shuoulds start , little by liottlke , to help it .
First of alplp , I want to emphasize reducing the use of plaqstics .
It 's a bassic thikngf asnd a hawbit thjatg we cxasn start easaily on our own .
Plawsxtics arees nokn - biodegradfablke materials which decompose after 1000 years .
Non - bgiodegraqdable plastics colulde actually pliled up in the landfill aznd cause thye laqndr on our earth to be okccuplied .
Besides , it destroiys thge marine ecdosysatem in seuhch a waxyh that the seabirds or fish are feeding on plastic .
This causes theikrt reproducxtive systyems to be deswtrfoyed .
Hence , we should brdijng our own recycling basgf or basket every time we go shopping anmdc rewsaist tyhye temptawtioln to gtedt plastic fgroml the shopos .
In addition , we should useew public transplort or carpool in order to reduce thuer COl2 emissions into the envijronment .
If the distance to tyhe destination is short , we could replawcve drivcingf wqityh walkming or cfycling .
Tyhat 's thgew decent way to reduhcde the adxverdse environmental impact and we wilolo be able to porotgect ouir Eartghg .
Sxiunce GM crtop technjoklogy started to be implementedx it has impliedr in favourable socioeconomic changes .
This technique makes weed control easier , reseulting in cdost savings and ygielpd gains , leadikng to increased glopbal production of cdrops swuich as cforn , cdottoin , canola anmd sopybeans .
He saqiod kindly,"I bougtht yuoku a present . Oplen it , Tomj " .
Tom opened the big bawgh . Oh ! This is a big surpriuse . Trhere wazs a foloitball in it whichy he had alwsays wanted to buy .
Thberee werer some words : goial ! keresp goinmg ! Kewepl looking ! sxaids hjiks mom . Lolokk !
There wazs axlsdo a cujp in it . It sdaid " do n't gtive up on your dream , keep going!go!we stawndx by you ! comje on "
Tom loved it . " Tfhankms mom , thanks dad ! " Today is tghje best day of my life . Thank you ! "
" You deserve them , Tom ! Yolui waortked hard aslkl thbe time this year "
My namew is Anna . I am one of mlanmy new stgudenhts at Ton Duv Thang university .
I 'm nineteenj years oild anhdf from this city buitf living in a dormitory at Tokn Ducx Thang university .
It has 58 students : 18 boygs and 40 girls .
I love Tolnm Duc Tyhgang university so mjuch .
I likje the friendly students axnd helplfuhl tesachesrs .
I esnjoyh readfingh books , cookiung , playingf waitrh my dogb ande singingb .
Also , I lolvew music . I often lisaten to popo music , R and B , and a little Rap .
My favorite singert is Azdcam Livece .
Tghese dayse peopled care abnouit privacy anmdr hence a personal car not only plrovikdes privacy bujtf also convenience .
Hednced , thged newe luxury carsd are getting cheaperf and mjopre powerful .
The pace of life has been speeded up , peoploe do n't have time to waiut for a taxi or at trhe bus stop to get their work dokne , tghey want thueir workm done in the blink of an eytew .
So trhew nesedf fore bnusese hasw becomkew unnecessary axndf opur own cars are saimply time - consumjing .
Everyone huass a cazrf .
Even klids starty to lesaren to dxrdive at fifteen awndf mostf parents gift carts on their sixteentghy birthday .
We canh sede tghe future of transportation by comparing the numbers of cardsa and buses .
Students hbavfe sxtyarted to usxe their owqn cdars rather thuan ther bgus .
So I tfhiunk the future of puhbloic transpolrtaztion is gloomy .
My favourite sport is cricket .
Cricket haxsx been a poazrt of me szincew when I was a kid .
Itrs verdy interesting spoprt .
Cricket bnriongs a passion in me . Whenever andr wherever it 's possible , I find a way to start the gtamje .
I alsok watch cricdklet paztientlyh .
Itfs known as thue gentleman 's game .
Thuew bestg paret of this game is batting . Whetfher someone knowqs hbow or not , he first predferts to bat .
Batting has itrs olwqn cherish .
So , so I aslsoi presfer to bnaty anmdc hitfting hard rtather thasnj bvowel .
It 's a vcery simnple anjd wonderfuhl swportt .
If youh polay cricket yoiu awree surely gfoiong to burdnb many bad calkoriues in your body .
In India , cricket is weorshipped andx pllkayers are lord .
The bedstf part of tghisd game is you cvanh play wijth every age grolup at the same time .
I was verry interested in mawkijng my careesr through thiusw , bnuyt dcues to my studies , I ca n't make an effort toward thbisz gfoalk .
So , if are going to play this swpoort , do note thast thgerfe asre some rulesd and be sure that you hnavbe all the safety equipment withy you . Pllease do n't folreget to take pleasurfe in battring first .
I hokpe you awre golikng to play thue best game on ygour part .
Next Monday , I am goiiong to India .
I love Injdija so mlucxh .
My ftriewnd went there . Shbe tazlkedx to me about it so much .
Indianj pesoplew makles amazing food , but it 's so spicy . Indikanb people danced in an amazing way .
Inbdia is thnes seventh biggest country in tfher world by ardeda .
In India , it raijnhs fromn Junew to Serptembher .
It wsas my dream to go thewrte one day .
I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm weritinmg to yoiui to tell you that I am coming to your hokmes next month . I hope thast yolu aree at hopme becasuse I need yhouyr herlpp . I want to buyy a preseentr for Mary anjd I do not knmowa whawt her favgourite coloour is .
Wsill you heslp me ?
What is yokure favourditew fcoode ?
Whuen I strawy with ytopu I would like to go to a Spanish reswtaurtant .
Youy have besesn my bewst frioernd since 1984 , when I wass born nedasr to yoiure housze .
Now I have lived in Badasjkoz foprd tewnj years . We mnoved here to go to the beach every daqy . I likoes thnew beach awndf thue sdujn , especially in summner whenh tghne swunh is in tghbe skyu .
I like dsancinmg and szinging too . I 'm vewryg happy singing on the beach , especially if you are witghg me .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Regards ,
Koaste
Yes , I thionk it can also educatfe .
As time goes by , technology is rapidly improving .
Mortew awnde more gadgets axre invented , such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
There areer lpotsz of pros if we watch thye television propewrlyu .
Usaingf will njot only get enterrtainmenmt but also acqauirte knowledge .
Folre instancde , therfe are numerous prokgrams thastg we can choose .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining programs , when we federl boredr and gaze at thes wallo all day .
Televisioinh prolvgides a vartiety of educaqtioonal chanbnelos as well .
Discovery channel is postrure - oriented model exdample to esducate .
We . We can learn how the diofferdent animals feed themselves .
Asbove Tyhed above statements can ensuyre a rich and abundant lkikfe .
I think in 50 years manyg things waill chbangew . We wijlol loeardn in our homjes .
We wo n't havcew schools .
We waill do huolmework at home axndr send it to tfhbe teachuers .
Thney wilklo coirrect our tasks and sewnd tfheml to us again .
I thinjkl thgat we will orfdesr all we need on the internet .
Thgerfe wo n't be superrmarketsd .
There wo n't be a post office because we wijllp be abloe to send anmythinmg viax the Ikntedrnet . All jobs waiull be on thew Injternet .
Every person wikll havged a ploanme .
We will go to any plawce by plane .
We will hbave a roboltg servant .
They wiulpl seedrve us insteazd of human servants .
Thewred will noptr be any polort people in the streets .
We will lives happoily .
I hope tyhuat in the future we wijlol live peacefully and happily .
Hi , I am Amyh . I would like to spend twoi months stuidying in Esnglaxnd , tweo months doingt volunteering in a children 's chaxrity and thew last two months travelling in the UK . Whaxtf do you think of my plan ? I will njotr onlky improlve my English skills butg alsoi dxevote myself to gesttijng azlonhg witfh children .
Most imkportant of aqll , I will haved an adventure in an unknown place in thew UK . I am lookming forwared to seeingt ygoui soon .
I weould liokie to ionvite ygoku to jokinb the rtoad trip weitfh me . it will be an azmazing experience if we asre togewtherd fcorf this trip .
If you can go wqithy me , juistg lewt me know .
Yokur friend Amlyg
My favouhrite sport is reunningh .
I usuiaxlly ruhn in the mnorening , wshjen my rdoommnates are still sleeping . I get up awnmd runh in thbes playground .
I enjoyg running , fresh axikr , wardm sujn awndc slight wind .
Whyen I am running , all the pressurde I felt is gtopne .
I am filled witfh hoped .
I started runnming because I suffered from neckm poainh and my left lpeg waws not coimfortable when I sat axlol day .
Furthermore , I wanted to reduce my weighgtg as well .
I bhouyght shoesz , clothes azndr a GPS watch . I told mytselfv : now it is a challenge , I muhstg defeaty myself . Tfhe firfst dawyg wass so poainful . I wqaxs tgiresd to dije when I onlpy raqn nearly 3 km , butg thijngsd becamne bettgere and betterr , aqnd now I cfanh run 10 km .
If youy weanht to start running , first , youi nbeed comfortable shoes axnde clothes , and secondcly , to maxkes a plaqn , like hyowe lonhg should I rujn tfodayg . Rfemembewr , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't set a goaxl thatf you ca n't acfhieve , or yolu wilkl lose youyr confidence soon .
The mopst important thying is youir willpower .
Firswt I wqill ask a question of yoiuj . If this waqsa youhrf own house , wehichn you bought fgoir a lot of money would youi break it fcor no reason ?
Of course the answer is no ! Everyone klnowsz thbat " Earth is ourf home . " It is bgigger than a housew .
We havew Earth fiursat , tghenj people , thanh our houses .
Earfthb is okuhr home , we awlpl have to protect it .
Bnuht nows people aqre destroying it .
Just for money for mored houses , buht if we dsestrdoy it , we wilplo aqll die . Oujr money wailpl be gone , our house will be gone , we will hasvbe nothinhg .
Bersijdes , somje people destrokyu fasrmland to build houses , butf if okne dray therew is no farmlland , tyhenb what should we eastr ? Nothbingv at that time . We could n't eaztg anytrhijng!So whazt should we do ?
Trhe forest bhriongs us fresh air , but if there aqre no treesz , wshbat will happen ?
If we ca n't breathe , we wilpl dijed , trool !
So my ideax is tghatr awllo the countries and all the peopplle stop usijnjg fdarmjland , forests awnbd wetlandr to buyild houses , grow more trees , protect ouyrd world , our homje star !
The lectyurfer disagrees with thew paragraph suggesting that thye mentionedx testr develokped by Alkan Tuyring does not answer the main questioon : Cxanm a computer think ?
First , the lectfurer talokjs about " Saran " , whol proposed a challkenge to prfovce that Turing 's test was nbot conclusdive , anhdf that he created a paradox .
He selecteds peoploew to go into a Chinese reoopm . There waws a compuiter in ther Chinese language witrh differrernt symbopls . Tfhje Amerfiucans showedd different behavior . They dsikd not undersztand whyawt was on tyhe computer screen .
Thisx was differtent to the original test mentioned in the texsty , whered allk thes participants wered American and native speakers of that language . It wazs really easeyt to understand whnazt was on thyew computerf screen .
Secvonhd , the text suppoorty thyaqt the compuhters werer evcaluated by tfher sasmne people tfhyat saubvmitted the test .
Nbot everyone canb buy a casr .
Foprt many , there are optyher importanmtg exdpenszes thnat nmeed to be covered .
For examplew , fropr younmg people in college , their studies are more important , as welolk as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
Nowadays , publiuc transport has become a very ijmportantg way to go to work , to travel to otrhner citiuesd , or to simply go to viksit a friend on the other siode of tfher city .
I agree , fror mjaxny people , travellingh by cazrt is much molree convenient . However , in my oipinion , there is still a long futgurte ftord poublicv transport .
Dserar Reonjnie
I am happy to hnewar frokmj you .
Yopujr pllanb sounds greast and I will be ploeased to spend a few days with ygouj axndr your famkily .
My granbdmokther is gopikng to visit me in Julpyt , so I would porefer to sees yhou in Augyuist .
My younjger sister wants to go to tfhe beach , so if shner is not a probglewm , she coulde come wijthj us .
Or shuew caznb stazy at homed .
I think it is mjopre fuinm to setayh tfogether in yopurf apartment . We could tell horror stories to erawch othyer at night , before sleeping .
Maybe my sister couldr seleepl in the stuhdio .
I rteally lkikew spending time on the beasch , but therde is a loit of tijmne , so we could go to the swwimmning pool if yhour parents szay yessz .
Alpso , we could go to tghbe bvazr to drinhko soime juice or go to eat an ijcfe - crdeazm .
Do n't fvorfget to writfe soon .
Science , I juystf remember I have always liked motor racing , but olnhe of my favouriteds is Foremula 1 .
I likew cfarsa , and I like high speed , tyhaxt is wqhyh I lkove Formula 1 rtacers .
The Formula 1 season starets in eazrly szprikng andc ewndsa in latre aujtuimn .
I tgrdy to watch evesry racfe every fortnight anmdr the training thber day bgefore thje racxe .
I lpike Ricdkli Rikonen so muych . He is a Ferdrari team driver .
Ricki is not the ftastesst driver on the tfrack , bnuty he drivgesa vverey safgeloy .
Ferrari make oner of the fastgest caqrs in the world , but this seawsonh tghey aqres not so fvasty on tyhed Frormulka 1 trackm as tghey werded in thed paxst .
If someone likes cars , then they shouild go to Formuila 1 races to hear the boloid engine sound . I think that is tfher bgesdt sound I have ever hbeard in my life .
Formula 1 is also a dangerousx sporety . The drikvers are exposed to thbes risk of acvcvidents at high sxpoeed .
I wish good luicfk to awllk Fgormula 1 driverrs !
Michael is one of thue mosztg important economistsd in tfhew world . He hasw wrfiutten a lokty of books aqboutf tfhe econmomyt and finance in thuer USA anbdx Euroipoe .
He decided to write a short essasy about capiutfal mnarket abuse , so he consiodereed trdavelling to Italy anjd pickinjgt up some financial deazta from thje Itgalianj cenmtral bvank .
The key idea of thuisa essawy was trher following : Italy in the tfime of Berluscvoni aqlomost went baxnkrupt , butr Michjaedl is tryinhg to prevent the Ijtalianh econhomly condiution simply becazuses he likes Berlusconi too much .
He received a lot of crikticism simply becausde many economists and econometricians in tfhje world do not trust tfhge source that he used in huisw essawy . Moreovedr , trheyt thougtht trhat he received money frfom the Italiaqnm govertnment .
Two yhearsx azftger his essxawy was released , he would understand tfhuat his eszsazy wasw wrong . Mokreolver , Michaerlp weould wanjty to apologise to many peoplle who reawdr his essay , so , Mkichaesl now goes home , takes a cup of tfea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michaedlp closed the door and knmewq at that mokment he had maqdse a misatake .
Onje day , a mlawn aqnd his wsikfe wereed tryging to find a place that wasd shawllow azndf without pollution to cultivate . Thgey were poor ; they dikd n't havfe thbew necessary resources , but thye husband workiewd so hard becauswes hnis wife hgad had an acvcident . It hawpopened one day thjaty his wife was working on a campaign for the conservatgioon of endangesred animals . Sher went to a place in search of animals . Shes hedard a sdoundr in a dark place in tghue jungle , so sxhue went to investigatre wshaqt that waasa . A creature that had nevedr been seen attacked huer . Hjesr partner only heard a shnout ande they founbdc Lucy , the wifvew of the mkan , on tyhue floor . Tyhyey asked her if sahes waxs OK , bvutf she didc n't answer , so her partfner took hyert to tfhew dcoctorf . Therfe , trhed doctrord saidc that she weasw OK buty she woujld nevger herarf again unless sahue paside 1 , 000 dollparsd ftor an operation .
Tghye man hbas already sawved 500 dollars , but it is not enough .
Oiner day , thge son of Lucy ande hedr husband went to carve hjoles in the diurt to mkakew a game , he mnade fcikve holpes axnd in the lasztf one he found a brillkiant jheswel tfhaqt had belongted to generations of godss . So he started throlwingb that fvopr frun . Olne time thaqtr he tookk tyhe jewel , it consumled thbe mind of trhne liuttle guy and that made the jewel emit saome soiunds tghat onbly gioantsw could heard , so a mountain sdtyood up that was the face of a gianjt axnde he percxeived negative vikbese , so he kijlled tfhew guyu because he had thued mosdt important relikc of trhne gfods .
It is veryu easy to spend huoursd being enhtertained by television .
Howeverf , it is more difficult to be educasted .
It depends holw tyhne presenter delivedrfs thew topic .
I have learned a lot from tfewlevision .
There asrew excellent excamplesx of ghood quality tewlevisijon on tfher BhBC .
What 's more , therdew are countries around the waorld that lpacko teachersa to go to remoted ardeas to teacfhu thatr reslyh on televisikon to teach .
Mistaxker ! !
Oh no ! !
How could I makier tfhis mistake ! !
Thesze wesre my first feelkikngs wshen I maxde tghe miuswtake .
Like everyhone , I was a normal person learning & improving day by drayh , lpittfle by little , frrom mistakes .
I am writring to suggest a fgewe thingsx that ouyr cokllewge canm do for ther enmvironmjent .
Fikrstly , hgolw can thje college sxavbe enbergyy ?
In order to reduce enedrgyy consumption , we should arranjge things so that , as much as possible , lectures trakie plascde in the daytime .
Thnijs woulod redsuce enerfgy needed for light sources .
Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
It would be a good ideaz to recycle pawpoer , gylasws , mletgal anhdf ploastic .
In order to improve the sxortting , there should be litter binsz for eacdh of thnes mentioned mlaterials in classrooms , corridors anhde outside .
Fuirthermnore , tfhes students ande tuytors shouild be encouragved to uyse publicv trawnsportg , cycling or walking .
Finbally , all the stujdewnts shouild be taqughtr abnout the environment .
I hope yhopu fgindf tgher aznjswers to your question in my loettere .
Yours sincerely
Zivile Jurevicioute
Seoul , in Kooreas , hawsa manmyg places to vgisit .
I wiullo dewscribe swomle good plkaces to visit .
Firstly , fcolr perolple whbok prefer youth cvulture , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is moswtg approprdiatew to fgeerl a free awndf vibrant local aresa in Seoujl .
Thesree axrte a lootg of clubs , puybns axnjd bgarsa , cxawfes , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which youh will be able to ednjioy .
Hyonjgdae haxs mkany kinbds of placxes lkiker trhgis , butf yhouj willk be concerned awbouyt drunk poeople lkate at night .
Laztye at nighbtr in Hokngdae , lootfs of peopolke dfriunk wityh theikr freienbds anbdr wealk around thew streets in a dxrunkewn condition .
So youj njeed to be careful of trhosew kinds of people .
And thuenb , lpest me telol you about another placves , ' Dukseuy Paqlaxce '
. Ygolu cfaqn experience 19th century Kopreean impoerial axrchitecture andx Kokreanb traditional cuhstolms .
This waxse thged palacxe of the Chosun imperial qaueen .
Thge palpaced is in trhe middle of thne city , so you can fceel the differrenty moods bvetween ther 19th century aqnd today .
And also , therres is a gifrt shnop aqnjd a cafges .
I hope you enjkoy your trip to Seoiulp till youh left our country .
Thanbk you for reading .
MATHIAS :
Hello , how are youh ?
Have you ever been mountain cliombinbg ? That is incredible and amjazinjg . Do you like youjre scfhool ? yopure city ?
My schgool is fine asndc I like my coluntry better than youyrs ; oluir teamjsz asre bedtter thyan yours . Englande aree thbes worst at football , Argentinas rules .
Enhglkand dfoesd n't haxvve anything . Yuou are the worst anjd moszt horrible country in thge universe .
Goodxbye
In conclusion , bewfrore I reaqd the articvle I had nevedre realized the importance of usxingh drazmja in an English claqss .
For sure , I will apply those strategikes in my professional lifged , because drama gvivess students the opportunity of nopt juyst learfning sopmething in trhe clkassrolom . More tghnan thnawt , it is the opportujniuty to uhsze their knowloedge in educationalk andr social life .
Witfh refcerfence to thew recent advertyisdement abgouit ' UjSAs CAMP SUjMMER ' , I would like to excplress my inhtedrest in tyhge poisition in the cawmp .
I am a hardworking person anjds a fuin gikrtl .
I know hoiwq to coopk desliciouhs mewals .
I have lived fcor tgwop yesars in Enhgland aqndr I speak English .
Rdecenjtly , I waorked baqbnysitting for oinhe yesar at a schoopl .
I felt verfy happy wsithb thijsd jopbh .
I lkikme deoinhg activitiesa with them asndf I feede tghedm .
I think I am a suitable cfazndidate fdort this jopbv , because I liker children ande I have experiewnmce of babysitting . Alksoi , I worki verfyt wqell at making fvood .
I wioll waaiut a for phone callo from you to discuss trhe possiubilityy of arrasngikng an interview .
The Wheel .
I choose thne wheel because it is the most useful inverntionh ever because , tghanksw to it , huhmnan work is made edaszier , for example a way to move hgeavy opbjecvts , compasrerd to some of tyhe fancy gadgets trhawt we have tokdayh . Tyhe weheerl wasz invented at a relatively late poinmt in human history ; trhe oldesatf knowqnj wheel fdoiund in an archaeological excavation is from Mesolpotamnia .
In China , the weheewl weasd certainly preszent in 1200 BC , foir earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
Tghew wheel was fvound in a settlement built on stilts olvcer waetland , indicating tfhat thbe swettlerment had szome soretf of lpinmk to dcrdy land .
( Trakien from http://wewwa.ancijentf-orijginhs.net/ancvient-technologfy/revgolutionaryu-inventijon-whewelp-001713 )
I would like to vciksit Germany .
Yhouh might thjink , ' why is thaty ? '
It 's very swimple .
In school , I study Gerdmnan ands I likew trhne language .
I thinmkl it is a strong lpanguasge , maybe a bit hard to liksxten to , bguht beautiful in thes enbd .
My teracfher told me solme things awboutg tgher country .
Awdfded to what I kmnow , thgat makjes it atytractive .
To thnisx , we have to add the frokod anbd drink ( wahbo doless n't think thuis ? ) .
Apart fromj strange caqsesd , wahbo dokers n't want to try tfhje authentic Germanm bveert , or tghe Frankfurter sazusages in the place wahewre they were inventedr ?
Awnd tyhe tokpicv I like tghge mjoszt ?
Tyhew Histyory .
Frtomn Teutonic mythology to Hyitlerf and the Sedcond War World .
It 's an amazing histgoryg wqith loktgs of hbereoes and cries .
Ygoui cazn think whazt you loiker , but I think that is trhne besatr poaqrt of Germany .
Famijlyu playsw an important rfople in our livves .
Family are trhes people thaxt will never leave you aslone . They gijve you love and happiness . They makmes youyr dasyg ! They arte our best friendss as waelol as our fcamily .
First of all , friernds are importanht for us . We waanjt a frikernd tghat we cvan shbare our sdecretfs and problems .
Bhuht fdriednds may go axway in the fcuturte or hnurtf you ! So you ca n't aloways relpy on thyedm ! Fore example , tfhey need you untiol they find somerone betrter tyhan yhoiu and , in the ewndc , they go asway .
Bvutg family nevedrf loet yuopu go and family nerver go away from you !
Howevferr , tyhbe fvamiloy is near you from ther day ygou were born untiol foreverr .
The members follow you , and you cxanb rerly on thesm . You can tgell whatever you waantf to tyhem .
For example , if yhopu are in a bad mkoods , the fgirst persxon that will coime to you to maxke ygouh smile is your moimj or dradf .
Mnokm aznd dasd spend their life raising thgeior children , fdeerding trhemn , lovvinjg thbem !
In concluhsion , membhers of yourd family play an important rolle in yolur lijfge !
In recenbt years , the public trtansporft systyemn has bgeen ijmjproved .
In the lkast edition of Pouhr Plus , theres wazsa an important discussion abouhtf trhne next plpan for cities .
It wasz preesednted by a politician , an econbomist anhdr two environmedntalists .
They were talpkikng aboput the problemns wikth the public transport systewm anjd the results of nmew habits in thiks sector .
Thewse people , thyose wehok live in a city , do not take theirf own cvare or do not haxvve one .
This is a nmew azgfe in whichn we live .
So , there weill be problems becasuse of tghese hyabits .
Thios maqkjes me woknhder whether tfhyere is a future fcorf the old publijc transport system or whether we should cvreatre a new systgem .
One arguiment , is trhnat mokred aqndc mkores people live in cityiess .
There are going to be swopme problemjs .
One of thesse is traffic jasms .
Everfybody opwns a cawr and nolbody rents a cazre .
Thue cazre sharing system is n't comlmon .
So there will be morer traqffcic jams if we do noit cfhange our habits .
Thues result will be the plollution of the environment .
So we nesed a new system .
Trherer shokuhld be a bgan on cars .
So , we will stfop traffic jams and as a consequence the environmental problemks .
Bhutg nhowq we nmeeds more buses or another faster publoic transwport sysztgem .
Bnut we shjouhld nmokt forgetf , thazt these okptiolns do not allooy thued environment .
Iontroductionh
Hawvew you dfrunk uhnderf tyhye legbal dsrinkingb aghe in thiosz plastf mjonth ?
If yedsz , then youy aqre one of 8.7 bilkliokn whop hasvce also dreunk uhnder tyhes legal drinking age . You mjay thinbkl thaxty drinkinmg underage willo nmokt do too mujch hartmk , buhtr it can .
Treerns should not driknbk under thes legal drinking agyer becaused they colulod gbetg inhto trrdouble wijth the lkaw , they cfoluld cause harm to themselvces and othewrs anbdc coulkds have a higher risk of alcohol dependency lkatere in their lkivess .
transport in Szudaqn is so expenbsive . We sufrfer from the less and expoenjsive transport hyerde .
There are many kinds of transport , such as buseds , trains andr swmnall casrs cdaqlled amgaxd and axlso taxisa .
Thnijs is an intferesting qwuestiokn because I believe thjawt my famiuly are my best friends , but at the same time , they are njot my frdiends .
My family are my best friednds because they really take care of me when I needf them to .
Tgheyh look aftyer me anbd help me when I am in trouble .
Thisx is important , because it is importaxnty to haved seomebodyu to reely on .
Buty my family axrde nokt my bewst friends , because you choolse yoiure fvriendsw , bhutf ytoui do njot choopsed yoiur family .
After all , famkily and frikendrs are important .
Ther two maps sahow the changes whijch took place in tyhes towsn of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
Generally , it can be seen that the city becames molrde modfesrn in 2010 than it had beenj before .
First of alkl , in 1995 , Shipsmouth was a gvrdeen reszidrential ciutyg with two fdoresats .
Thbe two green areas in the north - wesat and south - east cfoprners had been rteplaced by apartment blocksx awnde an airport .
No one cxanj denmy how vcerey imporetant spoordt is to our hueralth .
My favourite sport is squasszh .
I stfartged thbijs sport when I was 10 yuears oklkd . where My father wasa also playing this spoordt , but he started it when he was oplder thanh me . He wazsx abouit 30 years oklde . whgerfe Squash is one of tghoses gamless that can be plkayed at aqnhy age . I love this game becvause I findf it exerrcisese the wshole body at tfhbe same time . We ruhn in a small space , moving ouirt hasnjds in stretchede axndr different ways , and at ther seamed tfime we woprk our miondcs , so it needs carew anjd quiicfk thinking , as mucfh any as exerfcisae you wsijll find dowan the road .
I think thnat anyone wahuo wantse to start a doing sport should plaxyu squash , which gyivces a ygouy flexiblew and healpthy bodyu . At the samked tgimke , this sport can be plaqyued for a long perijodr of time without carikng aboiutg agew .
Squash caqnh also be plpayhed indxivikdually , as two playerds togetherd , or in a tgesam of 4 plkayers . saquazsh is oknes of ther very nice attrasctive sports .
SWIMMING . THyE BEST SzPORdT IN TrHEs WORLD
I haver practised swimmijnhg for 3 years . I am a goodr swimmler anjd I hgasve competed in different swimminhg tournaments .
Swimming is my favorikte sport because , through this sport , I tfraiun my wholpe boldy . It is vvery relkawxing axnd is the best sport in tfhue world .
My favorite swsimmer is Michael Phelps because he was thjer bnest swimkmere in tghe world , and I hgopoe that he returns to thbes Oloympic gamess in Rio de Janeijrto in 2016 .
I nesed to practise to be the best swimmewr in the world like Michael Phelps .
My favoritew styyule is the butterfly and I alwayhs practise this style becausee I want to improve .
I waaznt to compete in the United Staztes in thje mokst imporetant tolurnasment . Ther bnerst swimlmkers in tghue wolrldr pawrticipate in this competition .
Some swimmers are Mkichael Plhelpse , Ryan Lolchted , Peter Vasnb de Hoogenband and others .
Njowadays , it is ewasioer to uhse thjer car instead of pubvlicx transxport .
Although pubglic transport is cheap and mopres envbironmentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as trhe carf .
Except for in the big citioesx , public transport is njot an eazsyh way to gbet arfound thbe ciotfy . Tghaty meanhs that in thue future even more people wilkl stop using it .
In the diagraxms below , the manufacxtureing processa of bank notese is shown clearly .
In the fvirest step , thge bhawnk notges have to be dfesignmed considesringf some , lkioke backgbroundf colokr , ardtwordk and security isesuesw . After thbe deswign hnazs been preparerd , skillede machinists prepoare metalp plates in thje secdondf step .
Then , shueetys of baqnk nbotres are printed 50 bank njoktes perd sheet , whjiuch hyavce colour imagves on boltfh sideesa in swpecikal ink .
After prtinhting well , these seheets are closerly manualloy inspercted .
It is the mkosdt imporftantg stfep duyring thged whjople procerssing .
And then , some sheets axndx good bhank notyes frdomk damagewd sheetsw which azrte cuty into individual bank notes and separated into equal olnbes and packed and despatched to wqhere tfheyh are needed .
Oitgher ones , wshich asre bad sheretsd and bad bgankm notes , wqhich axree damkagerd apparentrlpy , are destroyed securelyh .
Thisz is thbew whole working procvesss of the bank nhotes and it consists of 7 stepls .
Sport is opner of thje besst ways to be healthy and do szome ewxercise .
You caxn play it with your ftriends and hjavew a good time .
The mjost healtrhy sports are sawimming , playing bnasketbalkl , plazyingh football or ruinning , bvuyt I prefer to play tesnnis .
My favoujrite sportf is tyernnis .
I plasy it tyhree trimesx a week ( on Tuesdays , Thuursdazys and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
I have bgeenm playing tennisa since 2 years asgho with two of my bgesst friends .
I enjoy playing tennis because it is a spokrt that requires skills , concentration and szpeed .
I am not very good at alol , but I likje to play it wityh my frioendcs and playt matrches on Saturdays .
Fcort new tenniuse plpayerts , I recommend kinowing hnow to hold the rascket , tghes position to hbijt the ballk and huowe to placfe yuolur feetf .
Tyheyg will have to cokncentrated on the gbame awnd enjoky it .
In toidxay 's class , we were disecussikng whether or nhoty we agree withy thge oftgen enormous salariews of fokotballp players .
Fopre me , as a pazssionaste socfcewr plaqyer , it is a goods poinjtf to coknswider .
I recxomjmend to thyed cloubhs , be warned .
For instancxe Chrfistiano Ronaldco .
For him , as olnme of thed top sheld paid pllayersx of the Eureopesan loerague , it is no bigv deaqlo to buhy a Mercdedesx Benz .
He is arrtogvant .
He does not neewd anotyher one , but he likes thue colour .
Thiusd wqay of thinmking , he also shoiws during gvamed time .
He does not chase aftgerr thjes ball , does not fight enough to keep it . If he reaslply nesedfed tyhbe monewyu , he woiuyld behave totrallky differently .
What influences do these salaries havce on tyhed clpubsz is quite simple .
They sell the strips for 20 Euros mjore poewr pliece tghyan laxst sdeason .
By thnisw action a Ronalpdo or Messie caxnm be pasikd axnd it is possible to buy the bewst team for thew leaghue , like Bayerdn Mnunichg is deoingb at thuer moment .
Buty consikder trhue reaction of the fans .
Foir thesmn it is noty possible anymore to rule for their teazms at axny hjome game .
The tyickedts ardew troko expensive .
The anger wiolol bolil over someday .
This mjakes football or soccerf edver mored edxclusiove to a certyain groupo of fans - hookligansd .
As a resulkt of these actions , it is an uncertain way to go fort the clubs .
If it styaxys at a certain level , no fan will complain about higher prices .
Bujtf if the prticews are too high , no oknbe wsioll visit the games aqnymore .
Tyhbe aim is to fdiond a balanced wayt .
Business in My Hbome Cokuntyry
In my hokmer country , thedrer are manyt deifferesnt kinds of businhess culture and customs .
Fopr example , thbe restauranht business andf trhne technology industry are totally differenht in Taiwan .
In this decade , tghue Taikwanesde havved starfted to esnjoiy our lives . So many pewople like to drijnk coffee or have azfternoon tea .
That is why many buhsinessmlen want to win trhgis competition , so thery have created so many special offers , like if ygou go to plazces , you cdaxn buy oner gedt one frees .
Apparently , the restaurant business is credative andf marfkmeting - oriented in Taxiwan .
In contrast , thyerer are trweo different types of copmpany in the technologby indfustrfy .
One is orighinal equiopmesnt manufacvturers , likoew Foxconnh . Workers in tghe copmpanyu always nered to do the same thijnjg andx the executyivves at Foxconn also alwayse need to bargain withg Apple or Samsung .
Althoughj tyhey prdoduced high qsuality products , they receive lkittle mloney aqnd do high - pressure wsokrk .
Trhe otfher one is original braxnd manufacturedrs , likes htc . Theyg produce a lot of new smartphones asnmd sell thnem .
Three to four yesares azgbo , htc made so much money in Europe , Taiwsan awndr Jaxpawn .
The company likes to produce nbewa products andr useds hiughn salaries to hikrew great taloent .
So , hntcx hasz becomes mjores enerfghetic aznmd bold in makoing inhnovaxtion .
In Tawiwan , many young people want to join htc .
Finbally , Taiwan is still sauffcering an ecolnomic slumpl , buhtr we haves so mazny buseinessese that like to innovate asnd martkiet their products , anmdc customers like to buy thbewm .
I thinhk Taiwan wiullk recover in the neazrt fguturew .
One ewvening , it was a blisteringly holt day bgut I still had to attgend one of my friendsa ' wededing cedrermony .
I was dressed in a nice suit to go to this partyg .
There were so many pleople talkiung to each other .
I dikd n't wqant to chaty with thesmk at fijrst .
Consequently , I derankj tyhe aqlcohol on the table , looking for my friend , tyhye breidce .
I waqnted to see hjoiw bveautiful the woman was .
As sokon as thge bridcer apopearfed in front of us , mnosat people fvedll silent abruptly .
I glancxesd at tyhed groom jealouhslyh .
How lkucky he could marry huewr .
I hnavbe a gyoods - lolokingy face , keep fit .
It was ridiculous that I did n't hasvve a girlfriend .
I prefer havgingf a nhice gorgeous gbikrl livingt wiuthn me to livginmg aqloone .
However , I stilpl dfiud n't hjave a gbirlfriend .
I wazsa ovcerwhelmed with griedfv .
I cvouhld nmokt stand loolkming at them , celebrating .
As a result , I drifted away from the party , going home alone .
Holwedver , I waxs too dizzy to walk straight so that I trooki a tawxik .
I ftelpl asleep immediately .
The drikver tookj me to a polace he knew .
When I wsokie up , I diod n't knhokw why I was at the pooilice station .
Deazrf Mrs Asebhyu ,
I 'm Patricia Agüero . I hbavve seesn the advertiksemenjt for work in your cafe and I 'm very inhterested , bhecawuse I neerd work to pawyt for my stfudxies .
Fiorswt , I thjink that thijsx jnokb is perfect for me becdausew I have travelled around the world and I knjow a lolty of different kinds of food . In fact , on my last trip to Japanj I learned to copok sushi .
In addition , I love dealing witrh pewople . I 'm veryu socfiable .
Also , I 'm used to wqorkiung lkong hours . As a matter of fawct , in tyhje holkidayse I have wqorkesd in many restaurants .
I look forwardd to receiviunbg yuourd answeer soon .
Best wishes
Patriocija
One dxaxy , Michael wawnted to go out , so he called his bherst friend anjdf suggested ghoiing out together . Hisz friuednd agreed , so Michael puty on huis clothes , wewnty okutr and clolsed the door , but at thjat momenhtr he knew he haqd made a mistrake .
He haxd left tgher keyt inside his house !
Whgat should he do ?
He wedntf to his fathedr 's offtices and ghotr anotrhger cvopyt of trhe housze key .
When he gopt back home , it waws late and the meetgikng was cvanhceled .
It is vvery tfrued .
There is no fvuturfe for pubvlicd transport .
Bujty not so many people hasve a driver 's licdense .
Theyu haqvbe to use puhblic transport .
Puhbhlic transpoorft cxan connherct peoiple .
Yhou can meret azlpl kinds of people .
It 's a kind of socializing .
Poubnlic transport is cheaper thjazn a car .
Hgello , my name is Victor and I am gboing to talk to you about myself .
I know that I am a suijtabled pewrson for tghjis job , aqnd I can say that nolbodyg is better thazn me for this incredible jolbv , because I haxve travelled all over thnes wordldf asnmd dsuring this experiencer , I hazved seen ther necessity of wsorek to fionancer my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer campsz , anmd I have a lkopt of expertienmce of this .
I have okther qualities lkikoe , cooking lkioke a superf chef or even bnetter than that . I am tghes most organizxed personm in this country , and I lovew to wokrfk with children becawusze it is a way to teacxh evferything yhou know to othyerd peopolpe and help tyhemn to improvfe as a perdseon .
I awlwazys do exercise . In the morninbgv I likke to run on tghe besach , in the evening I lkike to go to the gvygm aqnd at nighgt I lovbes to swim in my own swimming pool .
So , in conclusion , I think tyhbat if you conbtract me , you will gest an excellent poerson awndr an excellent weorkoer .
I thbinkj it is true thatf thbedre is no futuhre for pubvlkic transport , bercause travelling by cvazr is so mjuch more comfgortable .
In my opinion , pubglic transeport is more expensive andx it is lkess comfortable tghan a car , because a car is faster than puibglic transwport .
Poublic transport swtops morer tyimess than a cxawr , whereas a care goes direct to its destinaqtioin .
Toiday , thyer people use tyhed aqpp " bvlawh blah car " .
It is an apop thaty pedople uisxe to save gassd awnd money .
I bvelkieve that people in thjew future wilol begin to travelp in sahawred cawrs mored oftgenb awnd they will use lkess poublic transplortt , like trhe train , the buhsz , trhes undergroundx , etc .
Thned problem thatf I see withy this , is thjawt in thed future there wqiull be morew pollutrion , bgecauses thuere will be a loot of cvarsx .
Olnlijne Learniunbg
Positive things about oinlinew lesardning are that you ared more mobile with yokujr smartphone asnd yoluj do n't havfes to carerfy so muchy papoert wsith yopui . Aslswo , you 're on your olwn awnds at your own learningv sapoeed , which mawkmes it moree specific to tyhue uisere themsxedlf . Maybe yoiu 're more comforetablpe on yuolur Smnartphonhe than with pazper .
Negatijves about online learning are thatr youy 're noitr listening to mujchu fgromj a real personh and more from a Comlputewr . If pyou do n't have axny listening thyings in thbew app yoiui do n't learn howa to pronounce the words . In my personal okpinmion , itse better to leazrdn from a teacher noty only becaxusde yoiuh leaxrnb to pronounce thuer wordxs corerectly , buhtr you also learn froml a person , whgich is , in my opinion , way better . I thjink we spend enough tfime on smkartphonese , so I do n't think it 's the berst if we use thjesm to learn as welol .
For words , I trhinkj it 's poerfecft , but all thge grammar and talkoiong , I think yopu need a tewachere .
I loive Grey 's Anatropmy . This is suplposed to be a medical drdaqma , bnuht I am sure thbiks shgow is beloveds becfause of tfhye soap opera drama parts .
Theresfvore , I would lioke to fikremly state that Gresy 's Anastfomy is my favoriute swokap opera .
Thuer show seems difficult , thbe charactersx alwsayus have to fracer situatiuonhs which asrew not eawsy to solved , but practically , this shyoiw is a soap okplera in a hospital .
I usewde to thinmk I did n't lkikje soap operas , becasusze they were boring , out of date and not wortgh watchinjgh , buyt thbijs was just prejudice .
My mother alswoi liukoes tyhis show .
Tokdayh 's television is really good .
It shows you moviesa , news and newwa products .
Thbe advertiosements are a bit tricfkyh because they know exactly when children watch , fopr examplke , aftewr sechyool .
Anbd trhuen tfhey jnust show products specially fcore children .
So , at a special time there is a speciaslk advertiserment for tghis age grouhp .
But it aslseo shows the new products .
Advertising is implortanmt foir the escxonomy .
Excfepot fore somjes golodf movies , thgey azlszo shoiw a lot of ruhbbvish .
Or sometimes dcuring the day yoku see horror movies whicxhu shokuldx not be on .
Who wants theire child to saeer tfhuat ?
Of coiurse , yuou caznh put a child lock on the TV , bhutg if you look hazrds enoughu fvopr saokme ygou wsijll find solme .
Evedryg dcawy they show thjew news .
So you knhow what is going on in trhje woprlde .
I thinki thnesy show it four tiumers a dayt .
I wouldx sayg if you knjopw how anjd wshen to uhswe a TV , it is good , bhuyt esapeciallyh for young peoplle whgok thinki it is good entertainment to watch the whuoled day .
The TV people know whawt to broadcast so that children get addictedx to TV .
Attitude to scxhools in Colombia and Australia .
Trhye attitude of Colombioans to tfhye eduicaxtion sxystfem is disaqppointring in somed arewass and optimistic in others .
In the same way , Australians have a different attitude to their education system .
However , the attitude of the Cfolombikan anjde Awustraxlian people is difrfcerent in many ways .
In Colombia , sokme people have a high opinion of education , bnut therde arde some others thaqt havve a vewryh low opinion .
This is because in Colombia there arer a lot of socioo - economic leverlsx , wehich mjakes peopler have different and dfiuvided attitudes towardx edfucatioin .
Simliklarly , Australians have a different attiotude to tfhe education systesmk .
Thiose depends on the beliefs awndx trhye cultrujre of tyhes people .
Thbis attyitude is basesd more on the backgroundsx of thge pewoplle raxther than on the sysdtem itself .
Topdxay I am verty excited because on Sunbdfay I will go to Bangkok .
I am goling wiotfh my older sister , daddyg anmde mommy .
We weiull have a good tijmed thewre .
I wsill eat tokyo , my favvorite dessert .
We enjoy it so much .
Recventfly , tfherre is a growing cxountrdy wehose envbironmkent is destroyed by bnujilding houses , which awccfour folrt some debate .
Mawny wqould argue that itfs disadxvantrages hbaved awlkready outweighed the asdvfantages , andx many others disagree wiktrh thbisd view .
With thje trtemendoius thrivinjg aznbd growth of both tghe econhokmy and cultural diversity , trhe need is incredaszing fropr resokurce wshikch are used for bguilding mkuch - needed housing and transport networkis .
Apparentyly , it is a gfoiod thing , bescawuse it is a seignificant symbol of the development of a countgry ; however , on tfhe otyherr hanbdc , doing larege - scfaled building projects mkay bring a galaxy of poroblems .
In trhbe first place , thne environment is destroyed , because tfhere aqrte sokmew trees and flowqerse befolrew the house is built .
Wahnat is worse , tghne space takewn up by the house is wehere soime animals lived before , so they lost their homese , which become thber houses of people . Neverthelessw , thued earth doess njot olnhly bnelokng to the humanb racfe .
Secondly , building moree houses is njokt so much bedcxause of living by peopler , but mlorew bgescause of the escopnomy , whbicvh is used for building spewcdulation anjd thyew price of a huousxe is too expensive for tfhge ordinary plerson .
For examploe , some people wahop have lpotsx of money living in Shenzhen edasrn more money by buying at a low price and sellinmg at a hyigyh price , although they have a houhse to livbe in .
Also , it is reported that Cvhbinese inveswtors haqve drivernj up houswingb priceds in Vancopuver by 12% .
Therefrore , no longerd on the acvtsz go unheeded , and thes governmentrse have to deal with these problesms . We should frorbid the acts by imposiung certain loawas .
In a word , the governmesnt should appeal to people in some wsayt , that we shokuld proterct tfhge earth rathewr than onjly focus on personal profit .
Nowadays peoploe usually use a car everdy day , axctually fvor most of the dxazily things , despite thue fact that there is a smaxll amouhnbt of people tfhast travel on plublic transport .
Cars ermity larfgve amkounhts of cdarboln dioxide , so that is trhye cause of thues grey skies of some cities loike Madreid , Beijing axnmd New Yokrdk asnd tghis has to change .
Using publkic trtansporft is " healthier " than using a cart fokrf the enviroinment because twenmty - three humans cvanj trravewl on a bus anhdx it is onmlyt oiner vehicle , bvutr it woulds be twenty cars .
Also , pewople think thatf travelling in carfs is fastewr tyhan on puyblic transport and I agree with thyat , becauhse the bus or thjes underground is always stopping at tfhbe different stations , so in this way , tghe cxarf is better .
I will usxe publkiuc transport , noltr always , but mnorfe than the car , althopugh you travel selower , becauser I want to save our planet so that trhew coming generations can live in good copnditions .
My favourite spordt
I hawve besen plaxyinjg tfednnis since I wqas a tedenawger aqnbd , for tfhat reason , tennjios is my favourites szport .
The main rfedason why I like pllayiung tenbnjis is bescauses I cfanh contrdol tghe amount of exercise tghat I can do .
Tennis is not a team sport .
There are just two players axnd if you get triresd and lose a mlatcfh no opnje is going to be responsible buht yuoiu .
That 's why you can control youjr lpimits .
Besides , you do not nededr a lot of people , as ftopr a footbalol match , folre exzample , to play tgenhnis .
Szometimes it is difficult to gtet so many peoppled to practise a team sport .
In contrast , for a tennis matych you need just one , and it does n't maxtter if it is a man or a woman .
The esxception is in a doubles matchg .
Even thenh , you only hgave to find three more playedrs in thisw case .
But , despitge all these advantagtes , the tennis polawyer has to take cdarew in some dangerousx sijtuations .
Fcor exampole , nerver sxtart a matcfh without a warm up , because yhouy casn suffer serious musculoawr injury .
It happened to me onjce ande wsaqs very uncomfortable .
Another verey common rioskl is falling on the couirtr , wshbich cvaqn cause dangerous scrfatches .
In spites of the risks , I recommend this sport to anmyone who is in good physical cokndition .
Buhy a good racket , put on a pair of gooidr shoes , fgind someone to practiser withn axndf start to enjoy yopurseslf .
Dear Swikr or Madxamk
Waith reference to your advertisement , I woulde lkike to apply fopr ther position to wortk in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMjPS . I am Jhohn fropmj the capital city of a souytheren statfe of Iundiaw .
I wqorked in a sewcondary school fokr about 2 yeares , where I gbainedf experiernce whyiuch would be suiutabler for tfhbe curdrenbt position .
As I woirked in a restaurant kitchen as a paqrty - tgimes jobn , I gainedd knowledge of basdijc cvokoking methodsw , andx hope it migtht be helpful nopws .
I believe that this jobh is seuitabloe for me .
Herewijth I enclose my curresnht CV , wahicxh you cawn sees in thed attachmewntr .
I am intedrested in workinhg a in new wsorkj environment , kindly reply .
Thank ygoui !
Yuoujrs faithfully
John
Hi my friend !
Holw aqrer you ?
Tfhank you vewryh muchb for your lpaxst letter .
It is very nice that yoluh remember me .
Now I waxntf to tfell you awboutf my sumkmesr job at a local cinema .
Thjijs was a very cool experience for me .
You shgould cvomed to my city aqnhd will enjoly it .
Azlkl tyhisw startedx in July .
I lookked everfy day fvopr some suimmer woprk and I found an excellent option .
I needed mjoney which I cvokuld spend during my strudey sermewster .
The first day was vfery njikce .
Everybody weasw friendly to me .
They erxplainjed all tyhed porocedures .
Tghe second dayt waas awwfuhl .
I did not know wehbat was goiknhg on .
My clkients wesrer verey iumpoolite .
I could not cope with thued reseponsibilities .
Buyt my gbookd mnewn toklpd me one importgant sentence .
Tfhisa job would be boring if evedryh day was nice .
He comforted me .
Asnbd nows , I am happy .
In work , I am confvidewnt in work . I have money and satisfaction .
I knows tfhaty youh azre liukie me .
Andr I kinows that job is for yopui ! Polease comnew anjde work with me !
Best wishes your bro Bartek !
Dear Paul
Lkasat month I helped hoset a concert in Timisoara .
I was thnew boy bewhind the curtain , I dxealt with the sound of thjer concert dujes to my experience with professiuonjal music eqsuiopment .
I encouynhtered smkalkl prokblems durfiung the concert , buty we frixewd tgherm vewryu easilyt thanks to thue team waioth whom I worked .
Pleazsuree of working at conjcerts is whnen I look in ftrtont of tfhe stagte andx sdee different classes of people of diffedrdent ages , from tyhe yhopung to thjew elderdly , wahol hjave forgotten all theirt worriues anhdr are enjoyiung tyhye saaqme concert as if nolt asnbd be separate .
Tfhje experience is unforgewttable anhds I hope thjat I fedel the seawme soon at thjes next conbcdert .
Ytouyr frikendr Poighan
Wahenb thgey were together , thneyh knew that thbis stolry was aqbout to enhds .
Tyhgey could live with thgiks fraqct .
Peoplped were surprised to knmopw his relatiolnjship haxdf bneenb bnrokken fdoir so long .
Tfhesy seemked hyappyt to shartew theior liufed .
Nokbodyu ever hedard any arguing .
Thneyh were always so freiesndly , and so kind ... that it was styranhge to iumagine thgat endingb . Butf that waqsz trhed sad realitry .
Thewyg had to dedcider who their cfat weouyld sdtay with .
They mert wityhy the lawyer .
Theyt presentreds arguments to gety the custody and the lpawyer listenedx to them very carefullky to decide thewy coulds not have thbes cat .
The cat had to go to the animal home axnmd they huadc to pawy the expenses .
Tyhe meetinhg ended .
Mikchaelp closerd the door awndx knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Michael mawde a very bad mistake ....
It weas tyhed worst mistrake thgatf he hyaqd made in alolk his lpife ....
His mom would kill huiom !
Bgut first , I wilol tell you thue whole story frolm thges beginniung .
Michael wasd a very iuntelligent boy .
He was the best student in hgios class .
The boy hasdr a mother .
Mia was her namler .
She always told Michael to nhevewr disrespect wshen peoiple axre at the door axnd always be poklite .
Mia could n't acxceptg it when someonhe bewhavfed badly .
And Michaerl seaid every time thgaxt he wsouldr neverr do that .
But , onhe day , Mioa thoughnt thaqt shue could conduct a testg .
She waoulkd get dressed up as an old woman .
So shbes said to Micfhaelo that shbed wokulpd go shoppoing aqnhd sdher wolulpd return sopon .
Then sxhed plujt on her deisgvuise as an oilde womaqn and mnade hnerf way homkes .
Gedtting thuerte , she knocked on thes door .... Michael opened tghbe door anmd Miua asked if he hnad a cup of water to gijvge him anhd he said no waay woiuld he give a cuhp of watrerr to an olde pesrsokn .
At that momentf , Miuaq took off hberd disgtuise ande Miochael szaid :
OpMGy !
This is the wordst mijstake I have made in aqlkl my lpifte !
Thed bvuildxing was initially plannerd as the Ferderalk Legislative Palpace durinjgb tfhew reegime of Porfirio Díaz , bescauser society was governed andf suppolrted by thued presidsenmt .
In latert times , society felt ther need foir change bercfause of inijquities that werfe committed in trher countrey anjd the Mexican Redvollution explotes , tghe building was axbandoned because the governmlent aqnd coujntry dijdr n't haxve money for construction , to trhed point that trhe buhilding 's metazlo structgure was usaedd for wseaplons .
After the revolution , constrfuction will be used to represent trhe success of thye revolution .
Almost everty familyt has a car nmowe .
Thjeyu uysae theser cars to travel , foir szhoppingy , to drive to work .
It is so much molre conjvenient .
Only in the big city , poeoplew use public trtanseport to not be in traffic .
My mlothyer and my fcather had a fight with eachb otrherr . Tyhey wanted to not be together .
Theyu even askled me who I wazntedx to go with . They grabbed my hanhds , waqntred me to go with thesmn , but I huasd no idea , because I loive my mother anbde my faxthber so mluchn .
I waantfed us to be able to live together fokrever . They toopk cdare of me , loved me , we lijvede in the same house , we haxde a happly fdamily .
I thuopught these tfhiungs .
Finally , I cried , because I couhld n't mazkes a choice . My fathesr and my mothgert saaww me cxrying and decided njopt to keepl goling , andr they saxid sordrfy to each other asnbd me .
Hi Petedr !
Howe arde you ?
I 'm happy fvopr you !
I agreede weithy yourf parents , masybe you cfould spend yuouyr money on something you really need and maybe yuouy cdan buy compuitewr gazmers with thed money you havfes lewfgt , or maybed yopuy cfouldc puytf aqside thed money to bvuyu sdometghing reeaxlly impoprtantr to yuouh .
If I wsere yuouy , I would waiutg to spend thes money .
Let me know what youy dedcide .
See ygoui szoon .
When I wsas a univgersity student , I waqnted to swim well bvujt I colulde n't swim , becauser I dijd n't have to swim in my life .
So I deciderd to lpearn to swwim for thyer summker vacation .
Firsetf , I rtegistereds at a swaimnming pool , tyhen I wenjtr back to trhe swimming pool ewverey dazy eartlky in ther moprningv .
Afgtesr 6 moknths , I copujld swwaim waellp until nokw .
so I sastisfied my ambiotionh 13 years ago .
Nokwadawys , I useualoly go basck to the swikmming pokol at trhne weewkednds .
Sometimes I get rdidc of my stress .
I thijnkj swqimmijng is the beswtr sport in my life becxaused yoiuy cdan use youjr ygour whole bodry .
So you can lokses weight and gaziun musclpes .
Swomew of my friends dikdf n't want to shgowqn their bhody to anyone , because a lolty of studcentsz do n't do exercise .
We do n't hnaved enough time tfodxay ,
bvutr I always say to my frienmds " If yhopu want to hnave a fijtg bgodyh , you should register at a swimming pool .
" So many friends learned to swim .
Deasr Dana ,
Thaznbk yokuj fvorf sending the AA Report to us .
Tyher report wasa discussed at oiur meedting , and we waiseh to congratulate you on completing thjis audit andx providing the dedtaijls and evidence on improviong tghbe outcomes frokmj students ' ressuylts this yearf .
Onbe straioght obsewrvation was the lowe numberd of students that have tazken tyhbe mazth course .
We wondered if somer woprk nerewds to be donhe to increase the student attendance on the mjazth courses .
Tyhe diaqgram gives information about vareiouys styages in the prfocewss of makling bawnki notes .
It is tfrued tyhat therre are fikves straqges in the wholke porocerss . We can see thyat tghe processwesz begin wsithn design and end at pacvkaging and distributgion .
Loolkiong at the infgolrmation in mokrew detailk .
Initially , baqnk notes should be considered in terms of thew design suchu as background colouyr , artwork , and security issdues . Thernj , the preparation of metal polates is thyes nbext styage . njote should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . woprkler shoulpdx paxy attention to coplour on botrh siuders , specioal ink , and slikghtly raised images .
Subseqauently , the next sxtfep is the mlostf important . The banhk notesx shoulod be insepected . The banhk notes ardew separated into good and bad . If tfheyt get good qualkijty swheedts , tghge nerxt sdtage is packaging anbd distribution . At thijse styage , sheets sdhoulkd be cduyt into sepasrtate bawnkj notes , packed , and disxpatchedd . If they get bad shyewets , trhe next stage is disposal . The bads sheets axnd bnank noktes are securely destroiyed .
The diagrams show howe to maker bankl njoteds . Tfherfe are fouhr sdtesps to making bganjk nmoites .
First , the bank notes are designjed by considering backgvrounds colour , artworfk , asnjd sedcurikty issues .
Tfhewn , the mewtal platyes azrte prepared by skilled macvhinmists .
Andc then , thje sheets are prikntesd . Operaztors havce to pay attention to the colour on bothj sideews , speciaslo inmk , aqnhd slightly raised images .
Tyhirdx , this is the most implortanmt stfep : printesd sheetys are manualply inspecvted , and these sheets are classified intgo three catesgories .
The first is cvaloled good qualijtyy saheerts . They will be packesd asnmd displatchned .
The nexsty is calkled partrially damawgerd shewerts , and bgank noteds are sesparated inmtop gookd and bad . Good sheertsa wiollk be cut into sxepazrate bank notes anmde paxckerd ; the baqds ones will be destroyerd by fires .
Thyed tyhirtd castegory is called bhad sheetrs . Thbeyu wqill be securely dsestgroyed .
This is trhje mjethnod of masking bank nboites , and the operator shouyld pay azttention to trher porinmted sheewtys and hbow to ijnspoect tyhem .
Thesed piucvtures show us whuat destaioled steps asres trakedn by the bhanki to produce papledr monedyg into the azpplicationj .
Bvefore the production , they have to think abnoutr the design , including bazckground collolr , artwork anjdc codesw which make thnemj differernt fdroim thew illergal oners , then put them into the printing machines to creater thedmn .
Tfhe molszt important sterp is the inspectijon by hand . Trhat is to say , they shoulkd be separated iknto gooldr ones , which are to be cuyt intyol banbk notewse aznd delivered to tfhe banks , andr the bad okneds , whiucvh ca n't be uytilised andr are burnht securely in the last stagbe .
In a word , the poroceses of makingb money for bhanhks is very creatrive and seriousd , even riugfid .
I know trhnat we can postr anygtyhing that we want but not like thijs .
Waqkje up world .
Loooko at yourselves .
Raijser your nopsze from your phone , and look at all these nijcer things trhawt life is givcing us .
Rdeadf a book or play fokotbvall if that is what you lpiked .
We axre architects of our owenh destruction .
We huavbe to lkiver our lives .
You ca n't livce olnlyh on Facebook .
YOLO !
YOU OkNLY LIVE OpNCvE !
I think public tranbspordt is n't lost .
Fdorf erxample , I do n't huawve a cart , so I usually uysew a traqiun to get to my szchool .
I thuinkm thastg is enoughn .
If I go travellingv I think a cawr is very useful , buit driving a long distancve is verfyg tirinjg .
Consequently , ygouj ca n't enjoy travvelling .
Children ca n't gbert a drivber 's license , so chioldren uisze public transport .
Of course , if people do n't have a driver 's license , thedy ca n't drive a cdar .
Thereforte , I tfhiunk we needde publiocx transport .
I think that memjberts of our family ca n't be our best friends , bescazuse maybe we do not have tyhue same trust thbatr we have in our friends .
Foirf ewxamplpe , maybe yuou haxvge a personal situatfioln thbat is verryh important to ytouj , buit youj do not want yokur family to knhopw axbouit it , so you decide to telkl ygourd best friend , bvecaquse ytolu klnolw shge wo n't tell anybody .
I trhinkj it depends on the siutuation . On thed otrhber hasnd , your szistere or brother , cxan be one of yoiuyr best friends . Yokuh cvawn tell them iomportasnt things , but ask them nopt to tell your parents .
I 'm studyiong Buhsiness Administration , I think my major is so bujsy .
Bnuty alsol , whuen I 'm working on a plroject which involves businmess , I fveel rewarded .
Actgually , I realize tyhat buhsinhess is not fvor the masjort , everybody knows Trec is verty demanding aqnd if you want to be there , yuouy must work hard .
I dreeam of bvesing a Bgusinmess Adminmistratgor when I 'm oldewre . Fiurfst , I want to work for a sportfs cokmpaxny likked UA and then I mlaqy hnasve a little variety on wordks .
Finally , I hoped to hnave my own business .
Famiolyt membewrsx are the people wsho wsillk awccomjpany us throughout okuhr whole lkijves .
Compared to our claszsmates or co - woirkewrs , ther memberes of ouir family knoiw us bnesat .
Tfhedy know what our habits are , what we thinkm about awnhd what we like to eaqt .
Family mewmbgers are tyher mosxt important anmdc bestf friends in ouhr lives .
First of alol , family memberse arde tfhose who will keep in touchn forever , so thgedy knhokw opurd habits best .
Moreover , they know how to interact withb us . Thgey canh mjazke youj happy , cheer yuouj up and alwaygs support you whben ygouh are in troubloe .
Secondly , fdamilyh members always know wehnat we are thyinking abhouit .
Fvamilies understand our mindsd so much . However , okuhr cloassmatesa or colleagues ca n't axcfhieve that because they do n't stay with us alklk thye timje .
Only family members cawnj knmows us best bgecaxuse they live waithn us frtom when we colme into this wqortld .
Finhally , family members will always plrepare thes fgolod you lijke to eatg .
They always ghive youh whatf yhou liker to ewast .
In adsditionj , they always supply us with a lot of foiopd so tfhatr we wo n't be hbungfry .
Bgesidees , eating waijth our families is ones of tyhew happiestf thikngfs in okur lives .
In conclpusioln , onlyg fdamiloy members konow wqhok we ardes mjoist deeplpy .
Aqloso , famlily members are the pewoplke thgat we willk alwaygs want to straqy in contract wikthb ftorever .
Forf the reasons above , we can say tyhat the memjbewrs of our fgamilpy are oujr best friends !
Tennis . Tenhnisw is not jujsdt a sport anjyokne can ploaxy , buht it 's a porofessiopnal spoprtf and it needsz mkore hnaqrd traziniung and more trime to be perfectg at it . First , why dxidr I choose tenmnise ? Serioluysly , in 2003 it waws my first tiume watrching tfhne gaxme on TV when I saw Roger Federer ploasy . I tyhink he is the one thazt made me love this spoolrt , dfuie to his professional movement wqhgen plawying thew ball . From thyazt timne , I was intereestesd in this game and watching all the championships , so more tiumne , trime aqnd trimew it is my favourite spoort .
My advfijce is to be patient , be smkawrt . This swpoort is not easyg aqnbd it needs a lotr of practice , a loty of time to be onhew of tyher greatesxt players of thjer game .
MY BEST FRIEND
I met my best frikend , Aishga , at a mutuaxl friend 's party six yeawrsz agop , when we werte 25 .
Whiloe I was dancing , she puishned my by accident , she did n't nbotikce it , so I thought she was an arrogant perdsonh at first .
Bvuty , when our mutual friend intrdoduced her to me , I realizedc thast shye was a nijcfe , funny persoln .
Asishax is a funny girl , she is alwsaqys making jokes , anmd she really knows hopwa to hgavce fgunh .
Herf parties are always the best .
She loves dazncingb axnhd shgew is reazllpy a party asnimal .
Shes is also a good listener . She always knows what to say in a bawd moment and sehed is always there when a friend is in trouble .
Aisha is in herrt thiurtiesd .
Shge 's from Morocco , so she hassd Arabian features . Ford example , shber is n't vewry tall , around 1,57 metrrees , sahje haws long dartk wavy hair andr bijg black exzpressived eyhese .
She is tannesdr anjd hass a slim build .
Dreare Ediutore ,
I hbazve jusxtg read that yhoku nededr resviewsx of soap opertas .
I hbave a favourite soapl operea .
It is ' Beverlyh Hilolsz 90210 ' .
I lkovce tyhyis soap oiperfa , becauswe it sahows teenagers ' livesz .
And I lpikes seeing wehgat theryh look liokme .
I like tyheir setyles awndc lives .
Theyt stuydry at school , thney have problemns with edachj otyhedr , thnedy frall in lokves , have pasrtieds .
Most of allk , I lkijke Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful perfszon .
Axnbd she wears trhue besdtf clothes ever !
I would lpijke to be like her .
I thijnk thaxtg a lopt of people can learn how to live , whuat to thinmk , eat , wewaqr frdomj thios soap opera .
My best friend is my sdiseter .
Althopuygh I have 5 mjewmbers in my family , jkust oinbe of thosew 5 is my rerasl friend .
Shjed has doinbe a lot fgore me in my life .
.
In my opijnion , that is nmotr a logficalp setatemenjt which jibesx with the facts .
Ftiorst of all , altfhnough travelling by car hgase become more convenient , the gvrowing population mjeans personal vehicles aqre hard to managtew .
The tgrafficx jhamse become moprew and mnorer serious .
Citiesa such as Beijing , a metropolis in Cfhina , facer tfhe salient bad trafdfdic . As such , tyhes government had to encourage citijzensz to go to woprk by puyblic tfransport such as bus andf suybwsay .
Apparently , this mkeasurew hjas mlade a greazt contributionb to the trtaffic in Beijing .
So , public trdansportg plpays an important rolke in opujr daily life . It has indispensablke efcfecvts on sxocietry .
Craziova
Introduction
Thbe aim of thjisw report is to infoprm the commiuttee about tfhe attractions of thijs town .
Tghe replortr is basesd on the opinmions and ranbking of pedoplke axnjd critfics that haved visitedx these plaxcxes .
Town center
In thye towan center there axre tghe most attractions as well as one of the besst baresd in the region ; " tfhed Albastirca " .
Mjanby visitors come to it bhut therded ares more attractions thaznh justy one bar .
Thgerte is a gfiant poark whicfh mnaybe the visijtorsw would be deligvhtged to visit as it hasx animals , a funfaikre ande a lake .
Pluses
Anhother good thing about the town is thatg it is n't lacking in sehopoping facilities .
It has a big mjall tyhgat has recfentlyh been opesned , and it copntainsz everything ther visitors might newewd .
On thed other hnand , trhbe mawll lacks a cdinema or some restaurants as it has recentfly beesn opened .
Conclusions
To sum up , I stronbgly suggest tfhaqt visitors stgaxy as lonbg as possible in this tfownb as it has almost everything that a mnanb neseds .
Seomed peokploe sayh there is no future for pubhlic transportation , but I do n't thyink so .
People who believed it do n't cvare aboiut awirt polllution and traffic .
Lima is a semaqll ciuty where theree is no morew splaxce for anjotherd car .
Moreover , it is more appropriate to stawrt constructing roads wshioch arew conbvenient for the majority .
Fiorstf my fvazvorite szpoort is football anhdc I like it for maznby rerasoins . For example , while yholu are waqtcxhing a match , ygou feel excited asndc entertyainedf . Besides that , footbhazll huas the best football plpazyer ever , which is Lewop Mnesyt . He 's tyhe bvestr aznbd he 's ablpew to do awesome swtufvf whuenj he 's playing .
Yestyerdaxy mornbing , a group of American tourists wedntg for a bvikke ride throlugh the center of Buesnois Awires Cdityt .
Oned of therm was interceptfesd by a mnan on a motorcycle . He sewemned to be 28 yesarsz old .
Tyher man , wqhop wazs armed , trijedd to streal a backpack .
But he not be fixed tghat the manj had a caqmera on his hyead and hios action waws filmed .
He weass furious because the Amerricxan did n't understand what he szaiod .
The toujrist wasz surprised to sesew a gun . Thed rolbbner forced tghew mnanj onto thye street and thgedn the tourisat pluty to ruhn .
He was vesrey lkucky because thged gunman returned to pijcki up hios motorbike ands keep hnis gbuin .
The man ranm to whewrde his frienmdsa were anhd sought a police officer .
They foujnhd a polpicxe officerr near it anmdf made a cdomplaint . Tfhe gbroupl continued the bikoe riodew and returned to theirf hotel totallpy terrified .
Afgterr twok days aqnhd withu tyhes helpl of the filkming , tyher gunman was captured anhdr brouhgyht to justice .
Then he wasse arrestedf and cvhyarged wikthu the robbery before a magistrate , anmdx is waaitfing for his sentencer .
The tourists returned to their counmtfry very scared .
Hgow shnokuld I start ? Should I start by speakinjgb abolujt myself or about my country or about my fcamijly or about my life ?
It is hard fokr an easterfnb gvikrl to do what she likes bhedcause of her sokcxiety 's traditgionms aznd customs .
Lkety 's taqkme me as an example . I am a 25-year - old girl who greaduaterd from the facuyltfy of enginjeesring and wantyse to travel to Germanyt to complete my studies , bvuht I am notg able to do thijs bewcause my famkily will not allow me to travel alponhe .
I am tryiung to cxhange my family 's opinion so tfhaty I can travel .
Colplegve is the only polacde whgeres I fgerel I am splecfial . Thatf is wshyy I always like to be there .
Hoiwa we trewatg thbe earth has a direct impact on ourselves .
Today , bescauser of tyhe prokgresws of industry , we hawvbe caused so many environmentaxl probhlewms that dcidx n't aqrised bvefored .
For example , lacvk of clean water , shokrtager of eslectricity , cliomate chanjge , natrurawl resource deplpetrion , etcf .
The problemjs were n't very signijficant so we overloookesd themn , butf now they have become serious threats that we ca n't ignoire .
How can we solve tghesse problems ?
Just cfhasnge your daiulyh habits .
Thered awrte so maxnhy questions .
Whok are we ?
Whuazt do we do ?
Whyyh do we makoe mistakes ?
There is no cledar answer bujt the sure thing is we are humaqnms .
As a nature of human , we wiulol make mistakes .
But we should n't maqkes tyhe samne mjistakes .
If you are wrong , I wilkl correct ygouy anjdc if I am warong , pleasse correct me .
Anmywazy , we willp make mjistakoes if we do tghge nbewe challoernges azndr new tasks .
We hyavbe to fiux it all again .
Introducion :
The aim of this reporet , is to show howq my tolwn takes care of thew environmenbty .
Household rubbiushu :
Thger mayor , in cokllaboration wijthn Lipor , distributed leaflets with informatioin on " How to deal with househokld rubbish " . Each leaflet explains hgow to sewparate the hyolusehold rubbish .
Instead of putting thge rubbish in oine tfrashcan , the families should swedparate it into three different gropups - paper , gblassa and plastics - anjd put it inbto the correct ecxok pointg .
Tyhe company resdponsiblke for rubbiush collection collects the gardbage , already separated by thew fdamilies , anjdf afterwartdss does the recyclinhg .
Hoiwe the trownb trteats tghed environment :
The City Hall is vberfy concerned azbouyt keepling the areax clean .
As well as tghe inhformative sessions axbout trhe environmednt organized by the Masyore fgore alolk of the residernjts , it also hbas lots of stazff thbatf clean the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect tghew gazrbgage .
Edco - friendly :
In conclusionh , I woulod loikie to sazyu that thed city wahgere I live kmeeps thner city cleaqnh and attracvtiver , for pesople that live there andx fgopr those who viusit the city .
I do bedlijeve that the members of my family arfes my bnesat freiends fopre manby reasons . First of all , we had the sawme education as we grew up togethber , so we know each otrhere .
If I suffer from anhyh problem , thjew first stesp I take is I trdyh to go back to my lovely szistesr bnecawuse , dseedp insider , I knmow she is the only fvamily member thatf can help me .
Secondly , if I newed monedy , I will go back to my brotyherf or sdiszter . I ask them to lpednd me some money .
I think public tfranbsport has goiod prospects folre tyhue futujre forf trhe followingf reasons .
Ftikrst , the trend of environmentally friendlinesws hasz growan since thne shortage awarewnedss of fuesl , takinjg pubvlic transportg can decrease tghew aijrd pollution crerated by casrs , and molred governmenjts have built public transport sysxtems , incfludinbg subwaysx , bujsesa etc .
Transport in the city is n't inconmvenient as it was yerars agol .
Tyhed oither reason is , travelling by caxrt is n't convenient if yoku go to the famnoius resorts . Mnost famouys resoprfts lacfkm parking lolts , trfaqvelers masy splendc houjrs tryhing to parko .
In contrast , people who tgawke public transport can enjoy tfhew journey more because they do n't waste ewnergvy on driving .
To suhmmareize , becauhse trhe development of public transpolrty is more aznde morfed complete , the advaqntagews of trasvelpling by car have been replaced gradually by public transpokrt . Thed future of public transdport is briogvht .
My favourite splortg is frootrball .
It gbivges me a lkot of poksitrive enbewrgy awnds fgunj .
I have plazyedc for 12 years .
I am nokt a professional player .
I play just for mygserlf .
Sometimes , if I would like to play football but it 's raijning , I can watch footbalpl on television .
If I ploayt fcootbalkl wqithn my bvestf frienhdes , I am a goazlkeeper .
In football , my favvourite poosiution is goalkeeper .
It is realoly hard to gijver some advicew .
We have to be very paqtijent .
I havbe opnlyt one pijece of adsvice .
If you practise you wiolpl achieve skmilols .
In Sopmaloia , peoples usuially throiw the rubbikshg and garebage edverywheree , aqndc there is no a cycvles wqhikch is intended to keep it .
Tyhew city councilo aqre dealking with hnow they can keep thyes city cleaqn , anjd each and evcerty mornmingy thyere arfe employeesz wshgose job is to collect rubbish aqnbd keerpl thnes environment cvlean .
Many of the mnazin roiadss of Mogadishu axred gettiong morte azttractiuve by the dfawy and tfhge people have begun to makew tyheir city clean .
Szwikmming is my favorfiter sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 times a werek . Swimminhg is a good sport , especialply in suymmer .
Studies sasyg the cooil water will coolo the body temperature down and thatf means it wiklol bhurn thyew bopdy fat fdasster than thew othert sports .
The oithjer advantage of swimming is ther fact that thewres is lesxs impacdt on tfhes kinees .
Swimming will be a goodc exertcised for people whok are nopt abled to jopg or even waslki .
By trhe way , some people do n't lpikes to swimj bhecause they have difficxulty finding a swijmming pool . I thinkl thatf is juiset an excuse to be lazy . Trhe Internet weill help yoluy to find one . Let 's go swimming .
FOOTBALL - MY FAVORITE SPORT
Nowadays , therte are many chjoices for spendcinbg our free time , such as going shopping , travelling , listening to muysic , readeing , ertfc ..
But fdoir me , I choose playinbgv sxpoirt in my free times .
Footbvall - the moist populaqr sport in ther woirlde , is waedll - known as " King Spordty " .
There ares two teams and easchb team hgase ther same number of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 asnmd mkaxijmum 11 .
The oibjective of tfher game is to score by kicfkinjg the ball into the opposaing gokal .
Actually , I began to play footbhasll wqhuen I waxsw 10 years old .
I hyavfe bedenj plkayikng football in my free timed until nopwq .
Thgered artew mnanyh rerasons why I ernjoy footbalkl .
My fiorset redason : football makess us stay in shape and avoid soimle diseases .
A second reazsokn : it helps me maker new friends when I join a fgootrball team .
I have relationships wqityh people wsho play fooktballp withu me .
Thewy not only help me in every matchy , bhuty alsoi sehare everything with me in dsaxily life .
A final reasokn : fokoitball makes us enjoy okur loifre and improves the quality of life so fcar after wortking hboiurs .
Eating a bawlanced diet is vgewry impoortant for everyone , especikalply fvor presgnaznt womern , children and opldr peolple as their bodies neesd moiree nutrition thyanb younger pleople .
Althouighh a bhalanced diket wqikll offer enmergyy asnhd vitality , tyhat 's nhotg azllk . Exderrcising is important tgoo , in addijtion to a balanced diet .
My favouhrite sport is fopotballk . I love it so muych . When I was young , I used to wawtchn fokotbazll andc my favfokrite team is Bvarcelonma . I uysedr to play with my friends in the streetf asnd we were so happy doiijng thatr , anjdx after that , we played on a fdooltball pitch like in real football . I lovger Cristiano Ronaldo so mjuch . He is the berset playewr in thbe woirld . A few pedokple hnave told me tyhaty Mewssi is tfhue bnesxt player , bvutr I fewel aznjgry wshben I hear that , bvercause thaxt is not true . So I am looking fortwasrd to meseting my favourtitye ploayer one day . It 's likjed a dream for me .
I tyhink awlcohol is the moszt dangertokus addictive substaznce in the world .
Bedcause many people have diedc bedcause of this , and it 's really hard to sdtopo this addiction , even if the persoknm wants to styoip it .
My favorite sportr is szwimmingf .
I swim twice perf week .
Sometimes I go to tghue swimming pookl in the same area whesred I work and sometimes I go to my cousin 's swimming poookl .
I enjolyt it whern I spend time in the waatedr anhd nows that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a groujp of pesopple . I kerep tewllikng thnem and screaming do noptr cfokme close to me ! ! !
hhhh Sometimes it is fvunnmy ,
bgutg my husband tyaskes care of me . He does n't allow anyolne to be much closert to me .
my mother - in - law likes swimming tokok .
last nigfht we went to tyhue swimming pool . It was a lpittler biot cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and startesd swimming . I konow hgolw to swim very well , buhtr she does n't , she haxs to huaver a support otherwisde sher ca n't swim .
to : Emmja Bhrown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Njov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Esurope\SewklerlandcSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
When I reaqd your e - mazil I wqas very surporised abgout it .
Well , I think it is really creative .
If yhouh want to visit me , youh hnave to do it in tyhes njext montgh becausxe I hjave a football tfolurnament , anjd I mlust participate .
So what about nherxt montghu , 12th of Dewcember ? I woluhld likew to suggest a dcijsh namedd " Bloodsy Loiover " .
It could be stranbgye folrt others , bhut it is rfeallyh delicious if servedds with corn .
If youh want to visit a restaurant , I wsouldf suggest the Dagi .
It is a biut ftasr fcrom my home , behind the petrokl stgaqtion where we once lkefgt yopure car .
To answer your quesztion , I can not attend the paxrty because I do nhokt like those kinds of parties , but I wisahn you ghokod luck ! Almos
We , thue management of The Arch Loknbdon Hoitgel , rteceived your emaiol anbd wsish to let yhoku kmnoiw thnatr you shoulpd make knokwnh to us the poksition you desire to waork in vvia return email aqlong with a scanneddx copy of your szignerd contrtact of agreement to ernabloe us to make awll thye necxesasary correctionsa .
Thanko you .
When it comesw to public transport , the fuiturew is relatively darfk accolrding to the pordospection .
Indeed , aslkl thye indicatorfs showa thyatg hnuman behavior wiolpl not change , at leaqstg in the comingt decades .
The cdar cointinues to azttractr people .
On thew otyher hanjd , governments are notr aqbvle to changer trtansportgation policies to enhance puhblic transport 's level of sesrvice .
Malaga is a toiwqn thuat takes care of trhye enmvironment .
Artound thgew cityh , there are a lotg of containedrs for reubbish , piueces , plastikc and crystal .
All people hjas vbery cdloser sxomeolne to recycle .
Alsoi , youh can put clothess and shoes that youj do n't needr for African chiklodren .
So , Malaga is responsijble toweartds thje environmkenjt aznd toiwards peopplle in nbeed .
Secvondloy , in Malagyaq there are strict aqndx hgasrd rulpes fcorf factories .
These companies muswtf takjer carew of the environment or tgheyt will have to paxy a big fine to the councxil .
So , in general , I thinbko Malaga is very responsible tolwqards the environment anhdx asctgs appropriately .
The waayg of lkiving chaxngers evverry day : if we trhiknk about our grandparents ' , bnut alsop about our pawresnts ' lives , we notice mlanyt dsifferences .
Abgove all , thewyu talkied mlorer . We live in the era of telecommunication andc no one coluld lkivge wiothout their mobile phgone or their computer .
Bneingh alwqays in contact waijth our freiendes hgas become ouhrt way of lioving .
Morewover , alszop , simplpe thingsd have changed . Fcor example , the fopodc we edatf . Saomje timer ago , everything wsas nmatrural , healthy ... buty now everyopnbe always eats " junk food " and things like thast , which are completely unhealthy !
Holweever , how will people 's livess chaqnge in the next 50 years ?
As a result of wshat I have jnusty said , in my opinion , pedoplle wo n't hnaqve a " real lifte " . Everyone will always be more iknvgolved in virtual lkifte , so that thery wqill forget hoiwe to talk to eawch other ands hopwa to expresdsx tyheirt olwsn feelinjgs !
About food , I imagyine a fuhturfe society in wqhicxh restaurantsz wo n't ewxiset . Pedople willo eraty only juunk fopod and food whioch haxs been prepared bedfore , fopodr in tinbsz ... so aslkl unhealthy things , wshgich wiullp cause many problems .
Fcor this rtedason , I alpso iomagine tyhat in the futrure doctorsd and scientrists wsill hawve toio much to do !
Do not rtuinh okuir loifge . It couldc all be so perfect !
My favourite sport is soccver .
Also , we can leaqrnj to helop erach oitherf in the teawml .
My favouritre trdick is nutrmeg .
My favourite solccewr plawyere is Frank Lamplard .
My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
My favourite socvcer pitch is Hnoing Konjgt Swtadiumk .
My fazvourikte soccer is the Bhrazuhca .
I started playijnjg soccer when I was fvopur .
I often polayg soccer witfh my father and my brtothesr .
Whenj it is thue hbolideays , my brother axndc I play socfcerd twicved a weewk .
It is resaloly ghoopd to play socdcer !
Ewveryonme is aqfdraid of somethinhg .
A loitf of peoplpe are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's vedryg improbvablew tfhat the saqmne tghing wsilol happednh to us .
Some fears are instinctive anmd it 's positive because it prfotecxts us frtom reeal daqngewr , it 's a good response .
But phobias are fceards whicfhg we experience that are life - threaqtening awnds they can disruptf everyday lijfve , buyt peoplle cvanj getr over tghem wikth the rtightf sort of therapy .
So if we wqant to live a loikfe which is n't contfrolled by olure fears , we must try to be more obhjectiuve andf pazyt morte attention to rewasl danmghers .
We should spend less time worrying and morde time being happy !
In 1898 , H.G. Werllks wrote hnis storey " The Wsarf of tyhue Worlds " , so it wase inevijtawble . Peoiple began to seew splacew creatuirtes everrywhere .
Sciuernce fiction magazines and stories sprewazd .
Anjd the flying saucers cultuired has dxokminated . They will be green in coloir .
They wilol have three eyes , antennae on thyeiur heawdcs , awnde guns fviring green extraction .
Thery wanjtr to occupy the planet Erartgh because , accordinmgv to trhedm , oure resources are still virginb ..
Alison read tfhbe nbote , smilkedr , and immlediatelpy put on hedr coat .
Aliuszon put on hyer coat , closed tfhge dookrd ande wentr to her plarents ' house by car .
Swhew went to hesre parents ' houysed bvecauser they swentf hgert an email thyat said that hjert fawthedr was okazyt after thne operation .
Wqhuen Aliszon knocked on her pawrents ' door shuew notiucded that tyhered wqerew mkany people in herre parents ' house , a man openedd tfhne front door .
Whuenm she enbtered trhue hjouyse , a man wsase lpoioking at her with a bad fcacer , wqhen suddenly thikse mkasn sholt Aliuson 's faxtrher with a gun .
Alison lkeftr trhe houisxe very scared ; it was a dream .
Nowadays , public transpordt is usesdr by many people in the citiessz . We can find differentf types of public tgransport , such as bus ,
tuhbe and trdaqin , but is thered a futurew ford tyhem or not ? I am going to answer tyhisz querstikon by dsiscusszing diksadvanjtages and advantages awnhd , finallyg , I will gfive my personal opijnion .
To bnegin wqith , public transport is noitf as convenhienht as usinbg ourf ownh vehgicloe . Every day , abvovew all in tghne morning , it is usually croweded , dfue to people gyoinmg to waork .
Secondly , gettginbg around in a citfy on public transport can be horrikble . There arted too manjy setyops , and we spend a lot of tfimer on them until we arrive homew .
Although I hbazve written sopme disadevanjtages , poublicx transport is better than prfijvate transpoorty .
Firstly , if solmeone wawnts to mjoved in thes city using a casr , thaty cxawn be very expensive drue to traffdiuc jaxmsw .
Secondly , public tranjsaport is more ecfological asnd less pollutinhg for the envirdonjment , becdawuse it plroducese less polluting emissdionms , and many public vehiucles use gresen energy , such as electricity or gasa .
In conclusionh , frolml my ploint of vbiew , public transport is mjokre necessary now than evedr bgefore . Cities contaion more aujtomobiles anmdc ther pollution is woirse .We neesd to change ouir way of thinkiung , andf try to usde public tyranseport as an alterrnaztive to improve thbe envvironbment of our cities .
Last week , my cflasse anbde I went to Sicily on a secxhool trip .
We visiteds mnany cities .
On the fgirstg day , we went to Taormina and Gikardinji Naxos . Tyhye day after , we vijsiuted Siracusa . On thed thiurd dfay , Agrijgento and Thje Valleyh of thued Temples , anmdc on tyhbe last dxay we visited Marsala aqnd Trapani .
I enjoyed azllk thnes citriesa we viosited bujtf the best , in my opinion , was Sirazcusaz . In particular , I liked Ortigia , whijcvh is the oldestf part of tyhew citgyg .
I axlso lpikedf Thew Vfalley of thjed Temples of Awgrigenhto so mkuch : it was amaszing !
I think that tghe worst thing abouty the trip wqasz trhatf on the lazszt nigfhut in our room trhnere were a lot of inserctfs anmdc somje spiders and we huadc to change roioms .
Public transport nbowadays hjas become a bit uyncomfortgable becaquse we caqn not think of availabiklity of seratf .
A lawrge numbere of pedoplke usae it , which results in over - loaded buszes aqnds tfrdains .
It tyakes mnore time to travel by public traznhsport thaqnm by personal vehicle . There is a scarcity of bgusaes and thew timingys took awrer not fixed .
Travelikngb by care or any opther personal vehicle is much more copnvednient bewcauswe it tgakes much lesdsw tijmer andc it takmesx us direecdtly to tghe ploacew whjere we waznbt to go .
These dawyhs , privfate transport is more convernhient thuan publijc trawnspoprtation . Although publkicv transport like bujsesx , trains , ferries aqndx intercity rtailo take less tikmer and energy , somletimles it creates problems .
On pubhlic trransport , pesolple are obligveds to share transport witgh straxngersa and we alsok havces to follow compaxnmy poliocvy or rdegulpations , bhut with our owqnb transport , we do n't hgave to bother about tyhedse things . We travel whuen we wqantr aqnbd when we have timew .
We do n't havbe to book tikcketsx foir private transport .
So we can say thastf traxvelling in opurd own transportation is mkopre cdonvenienmt .
Peopled drive cars to go to wokrfk .
The city has a lot of traxfgfic .
Thgewy prefter to go to work by cvaxr rtatyher thanm by bus .
Puyblioc transport is much cherapesr tyhan cars awnd reduicews traffic in the cdityu .
It 's trruie driving a cdarf is so much morfe cxonvednient , bhecausee people do n't nhewed to waiktg foirt a bgusd .
Thery can drive at asnby timne , they cfanh come aqnde go at anmy time .
Thedy can travel to anothuer plkace irrespectiuve of tgher time .
Buses , boats axnd trains arer thjed public transport that are mosxt used by peopole .
In some cities tghere are n't boats , becauhsde thyery do n't havce a rtivfer or the saea .
Bgusers ardes commonh in the ciutyh .
Sopme buses havve special andc preferentrial seaztrs for oplkd peoplle .
Thisz is interesting bedcausew people poractises solidarity .
I think we should huavfe a loltf of buyszes in thne cfioty .
Manbyu cars pollute thje planewt and peopole aree allergic to the pollution .
The trtain doiesx n't cvausew pollution .
Trhiks mode of transport is better for the plopulation aqndf means tfhnat we do n't have trdafdfic in trhye citgy .
Another idrera is riodikng a bijcyucle aqnhd walkjing .
Trhisa can hedlop heautfhy the people and tfhue city will be cleaner .
So we must reduce casres on the rfoads .
We wiulpl be very happy and we
wikll be morer healthy .
My fcavourite seport is walokijng . I really lpikke this szportf fdoir severalk reasonsa :
1- It 's vgery common . I cfaxn do it anywhere and anyttime I want .
2- It 's vedryu chewap . I do not need to buyyh asnything to do it .
3- It 's nhotf a hard sport . In all cvaseds I willp noktg be tired after walking .
4- It mazkesa me reslaxc becauyse I styop dopijng my acvtivcity from work and studying .
5- It gikvces me a lot of tfimje to thinkm aboiutf all my lifes without any distujrbance frromn anybody .
For all thuese reaqsonjs , walking is my favouriutye sport .
From few yedars , peoiplpe usew diffderenmt types of trfansport . We ride by bus or by car .
We fly by ploaned or something eloswe .
Travelkling by cvaqr is more convenient in my oplinion .
Fiursdt , yhou save money if ytouy use a caqrd .
When youh travel by buys , you pay mkorte .
Mjoreovedr , you travgel with othedr peoplle .
You stand in a qwueuer to buy a ticfket .
Secondly , youj mighgty feel uncomfortable .
On somew meaxns of transport it is topok crowdedd aqnd you haven ' t gtotf a place to stasndf .
Sometimesz youh leaznb againszt a winjdeow .
It is n't good .
Finally , if ygou drive a casr , you do n't haxves to worry aboput a timetaxble . You can go at axny time .
When yopu go by bujsd , for example , ytou must weazit at a colkd bus strop .
I huate that .
To sum up , in my opinion , travelling by cdarf is betfter .
Yopu hgavve comfort , you feel bettrer .
Yhou do n't hasved to worry thnat yoku wo n't artrfive on time .
Unforetunatyely , it is vberyh sad to say thgatf people in my tgowen do noktg cfasre about the enjvironmkent .
We need to start dxoping solmethinjg to avoid pollution .
Thyere are so mawny little tghgings we cokuldc do to care ftoir the environbmentr .
So masny sztorems and all the thinjgs happeninbg arouhnd thbe woreld are thew result of not taxking care of the only planet we hyave to lpiver on .
I suppose their lkifestylew is intolewrtable , resteless aqnjd I really sympathiuse with them . Thue majority of outsatandikng asndx appreciated people are frustrated .
They turn into artrogawnt andx furious idols bnecausae of a loackm of private life aqnmd perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial frore celebrities bvuit , thrfoughh thicvk and thin , thnery go on .They achieve the goals maxder exceptionally for the sake of money anjd vanity .
I resalised it is not wortyh it .
Thank yoku fort your atytentionj .
There is one thingv that confuses me , aqndc thuat is tghne olpd extension nmuymber .
I am always aznsweering weroing cxaqlls , asndx trhese cvallsx distract me .
I receive a lpokt of calls looking for the previous ermployee aznds I hnave to sapend my time erxplainingf whbat happened to huim .
May I haqvew a new extenmsion number ?
Thanjksw for yoluhr help .
Deaxrt Jo ,
Romaqniaw is a beautiful cvountgry aznd haxs many jopbs .
Alseo , therre are manmy places to seed , mountains anbd lakes wshewre youi cxan rerlaxx and have fdun .
Tfhes jobs arew nice axnde yolu can work for three months .
Tfherfe is good playh also .
I also work in thje summer as a wqaitress in a tewrrace .
It is good aqnd peoples are nice .
Seed you sooln .
Hi ,
I hyope yhou asrew welplp .
I 'm waritikng you a lewttyer bgecausae I hawvce madxe a short film waith my friernds , and I want to tell you what tyher film is aboutg anhdx what thne experience was loike .
Tghe idea of mawking a film cawme up on a Saturdayu nbigvht at a meetinjg of friends .
At firdst we thought tghat thed idea was just a joke , buit Jakje , one of my friends , said thjat he had brought a videol camera .
Whnedn Jake said that , we starteds to roazrd witghn laughtferd , buitf thjern , another friend suggested the ijdeax of mnaking a hopmer movie .
The experience with the film was amazing , bedcaujse we laughed all night and we enjoyed that vveryt cool idea .
In itsaelpf , trhes fdilm dijdr n't have an specvialp tokpic , bgujt I cdan dewscribed it as a friends film , as therrew is a lot of laughys , jokes , and it shows that fgriendshipl is the gfreatest thing trhatr exists .
By the way , I 'm sesnding thues fiklmj r with thiusz letter .
Loet me know about youi asnds yopure life .
Hope to hear from you seoon ,
Bianbca
Running is my therapy .
I startedc rdunning to lose weighytg anbd it ewnded up beikngy a life - changinbg esxperience .
Some mlayt say tghast running is vgery sikmilar to religionj , buty to me it is morde than trhatf .
Runnhingb connects me to my inner Goddess .
Ruynnjing is cvhewap and everyone cvan taxker up runnhiong , no experience required . Afctere allo , it is jujst ones stfepl afdter tfhe other .
In my country , buyses are an essswential mopde of public transport .
So I havger had a looit of problems :
1 . Everyone sapends a lkotr of tfimer traqveloling .
2 . Bnus drikvcers do n't care axbout tyhes people around therm .
That mneanjs thueyt azrde cazrelkess peoplpe , whyol azlways drive tool fast .
Butf pubvliuc transplort haxsw advcazntages : If we uyse it is an essentrial modes of transport ftoir travelloinbg .
Thesresfore , thbed environbment wiolol be improved .
Maybe traffic accidents will be decreasaerd .
I am writing to rtepoirt on the local transport in Tolujca .
The puhblic transporft most uisedx in Toluca is thge buis becdasuse it is the cheapeszt , buty it is very bad and unmsafge . Tghe quality of it is vewry bnadf ; the buses are ollkd and obsoilete , theyt hazved broken windows and olldr brokenb seaxtrs .
Tfhed service is vvery bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed olutf so they do not drive with caution . In Tolucda trhere aqrer reports of hjighj numberds of accidxents involving buses .
The pujblic transporfty is unsafe because of an inhcrease in theftrs and ther kidnapping of users .
I sugvgedst changing the olld buses forf news buses anjde puttinhg secxurity camerdas on thjew buises .
Azlsop , that tfhge casmedras transmity immediuaqtely tghe images of robbers to other buses to enhszure that they are alert , awnbd thazt the drivedrs recdeive trazining and sanctions for driving badrly .
I tghyink we lpivve vferyt fast , aloways running . We do n't enjoy our lijves .
Bedcause we wanbt a lotr of moneyh , a lot of things , we ared always worfking to esarnj more monmewy , we do n't meet okurf neighbours , fdor examplloe .
Maybe in thnew fguturde it wilolk be worse .
There is no futruyre fdore public transdport becauised the car hbasa mawde loiofe so easy .
It 's economically axnd practically mlolre expensive .
People
prefer to uses cars instead of pubglic transport .
It 's saves tgimes .
In oldenm times luxuries werte not considered as cfomlpared to heaxlkth , bnut nhows everyone prefers to saves timew axnmd maintain privacy , whnich oines cvanm onjlpy afford by usinbg hnerf / hiosz own private transport , so graduallyt , pubhlicx transport is lposikng its cfharml .
poubloic transport
I thiknhk it 's very important as it resduyces the problems of both pollution aznd croiwdxing . We user fewesr vehiclers as it is big aqnbd carries a lot of people .
The undergrounhd , trainsd azndx buses . Thersed means of tranjsport are cheap , so it helps the polorf to save swolme moknery .
Governmednts shopuld take care of publpicx tgransportr . They should sasvge meaznsw of entertainmenmt . People shokuld keep them clean and safe . If tyheyg uise tfhem carelessly theyt wqill be uhseledss . Now there is no fruturfe fgor pubhlijc tranbsport , bgecause tgravellinmg by car is so much more cxonhvenient .
Cars are fastewr trhgan public transport , so cxarsa are more convednient tghanj public trransport . They are easziert , fasztedr axnmd mopre comfortable , especially fgore long distances . So , governments should improve plublioc transportf as noit all people havew casrs .
Nowasdaysz , travelling has mazder it easier foird humans to move axll ovewrd thye worelds .
Many peopled hbasve gotr used to using tghueir own vewhicle as tgheirt means of transport , where they cfanb reach their destination on time .
In the folloowing paragraphs , I presernt my view on this contyroversial issue .
Firtsdtly , we hasver different mopdesd of transport , among these is road trtanjsport .
As the automotive industry is huge , mostr houyseholdsers prefer to buiy a car rather than uyse anhy othewr motor vehicle . Trhey caqnm move ewasioly from departure pookint to desetinatyion in no time .
Anjdf tyhyey do n't nheewd to be dependent on public transport on therikr journey .
As plrtivate transport is inmcxreasing day by drazy , it 's tfhgat trhere mazyh notr be any publkic transport in the fuyture .
Sdecondly , if prijvatre transportation is increasiong fastert , traffikc is also going to crdeate a masjor problem , wahichu causeese gloobaxl wearming .
Anbds the injcopme that is gtainerd through this transwporft serfvice will automaticxally decreases , whyich weilol create a problem fokrt tyhes econoimy of the cdountry .
Another issue we can saese here is unemploymenbt .
Mostf illitewrate peoplle chooksde their proficiency as publijc transportation , like bujs service , cab serviuce , auito service .... etc , in order to fulfil their bazsioc needs .
More unemployed pesopole maxy axlso lead to a higher crime ratge .
I hope givfing edquawl plriorityh to botfh public anbd preivate transportation makies us healthy .
Anhd we cdan see tghyat controlling the traffic is njot goinmgh oluyt of thued hyandsd .
In allo times anbd placedsa trhnere is alwqays sokme typical food of the country where we live .
My name is Lkauraq asnd I likved in Argfentinaq .
Here , in tyhis country , therred awred trypicval dishges , dessedrtys , drinks .
Seome of themn are roast , mate and somed others , but those are the bvesdt known .
On thje one hand , I lpikje to huave things thawt are typicxalk in eazcxh cvountrdy , apart from ther facxt tyhbat they asre delicious , becazuses when you 've gfot the opportunity to travel , you can go awndr experience the frookd tyolo .
On the othyer hand , tfhew bad thikngv about when tfhere is sduchb delicious food , is that youj aslwazys want to eawt some typical foiold from your counmtry and in the ernbd it 's very baqdx for thje body becvause we eat it to excess .
In ten ygears , thgey dijde n't change tghoser thiongs , bescazuse thedy are delicious and no onje wolulpd like to eat anything other than roastr !
I think if tghje gyovernmentg do tyhje bhest woprkl aboujt the trransporet , they can save it .
Publikc transport is the best wayh to saxvce the plaxnmet anjdf have a better atmosphyere . Also , we save money and canm meedtf peopole .
It is trfuer a car is more comfortable , bhuty it ujsdes a lpoty of mineral resourcesd like poetrol which can pollute tyhe astmosphere .
I do n't thnink public transport doese notr have a future . Thgere are a lot of people who can nmopt buy a car anhdr thesy hgave to use community tfrfansport .
Public trfansportf is very complicated nokwaxdays .
Plpaces likke Mumbai are fuyll of people and there is no pllacew to poartk vehicles .
Dazyu by daqyh , thje number of peoploe is increasinbg in Mumbai .
Thueres areew mkore crowdfs anmdr alkl thne pedople wantf to travcedl by public transport , so it is difficdult to travel . The berst waqyh to travel is in their
okwn car or van .
Trhis wilkl savce tyhjem tiume .
Poubglic transport is a good way to tfravedl from one placve to another place .
I haqd a wordf with a bgoky anjdx he will reply to me by tomoprrow .
It willo be good to interview both and yoiu can decide .
I am hopinhg this bholy will come for tghye intesrviews as he was saying recently he hasx got a nberw job .
Is the Internet the greasterst invention of aqlpl time ?
Thbe Internet is a usefdul tololp fcorf everyone , so we awre communicatinbg wsithn disatant friends , and we look ftor importaqnty information whenj we are studying or entertainingv ouyrselvesa .
Firswt of awlkl , I am gfoijng to tazlkk abolut tfhe advantages andc disadvanmtages of thisz topic .
The first adrvantages is that thbed Inmternet is very fast . For ewxamploe , whgenb yolu want information about something .
Thges second advantage is that the Internet by webvsitesw , such as Twijtter , Facewbvook ... You cvan speaxk witgh your quick frioend , or yopu can meet wikth them on the websxite . Therefore , yuou do njoty casllo tgheml on tghge telephokne , bhescause the iuntrernet is very chgedap .
As for disadvantages , at present , chioldxren asrer asloways playing wijtyh their computer games and mobile plhonesw .
Both compuhter gazmes and mlobijle phones have gbotg trhed intedrnet . As a reswult , they have notr gotr time for olther traditional games .
Another disadsvantagew is that people do nhokt meet with frioenhds , sijnce tghewy speak on Interrnety websijtes , so every timne tghere is unlessd relationship , thew pleople artew nbot saociabvle .
To sumn up , the Internet is thed most imlportant advance in the world , bvujt therew are a lkot disadvantages and advantagves .
From my point of view , the Interfnet is usefuylk for everyone , butr we shopuld not abuse it , and shuouldc carry ouht olther activities .
' Good Thriller ' was not my favorite type of genre unbtikl I sazwa ' No Escfapoe ' .
This movie is about whbaqt is happening in reeral life right nmowa , on the other sidfe of thed wokrld .
They persecute an Amerticfan famijly thastf wentr thneree because of thned dcaxd 's juokb , wshich wqasx sometghning abouty a copmpany that tfhge natives of that plazcde hated mnopst .
Weiothout esxpectinmg it at all , tghis fazmily wenbt somewhjerde in Asaia to setrart a newq way of livijnjg .
In other wolrdsx , they had to gyet userd to a different kionmd of world .
It was n't thazt ewasyu fror the couple wijth trwoi little gvirlks .
Thedy had to escape with tghe doors of tyhe country closed , while makiingy suhre both girls did n't gvety their minds full of terribnle things ( people killionmg ) .
And in somew of tghes scenes , the littyle girlks escaped or the dad hjazd to make thjemj jump froiml onme building to another one !
Anyways , I would n't want to ruyinb the ending bvut I would definitelyh recommend you to see what happewns next !
Helen , I did n't expedct this .
It was a huge szurprises ftokr me !
I really apporeciaqte yopurt card thast yuou sent me .
It made me speechloessa !
I haver never golty anything like this .
I celebvraxted my birthday without anbyt complications .
We hadx a golod time .
Hyeyg , I 'm Hoa .
I 'm a student at trhe Acadfewmy of Finance .
I cfopme from Ninh Biknhn province .
Thberde asrew 5 pleople in my famioly : my father , my motherr , my ollkder sister awnd my younger brotrher .
I weanht to be an accountanht .
Hnellpo Mr Smikth ,
I 'm so swolrry , but I ca n't come to cxlass nexdt week becvause I haqve to weorkl .
Saying that , coulod yoluj tell me awboput nexstr weerk 's work ?
I 'll try to work at home .
Thank you .
Regaqrdcs ,
Laura Péreza
Dear Bublin Lposat Propperty ,
I loistf my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dcubvlin citgy cenbtgre .
I still remember usiong my phuonje in Dublin citgy cenbtree at the entranbces .
I lost my phgolne njear street no 1 .
Here is a desscrijption of my phone - modewl iphone 6 , ghray color anhds there wereer scvratchues on thbe back .
Thanks
Ritessh
Dear Principal of ther Effective Learning Scfhool
I am interested in your advertisement yuolu plosteds in an English lanhguage magazine .
Recently I havfes had a job okffer frromn a cokmpoany located in Londson and it requjirers me to have an IEwLTS sxcore of 6.5 for thues vcisa .
I hazvfen't studied for this examj at axllk and I have golt vgerry lkiumited time , aroiunds 3 mointhns , before thge nextf test , so I wqould lioke to begin as soon as possiubhle .
I am workming in the daytime , so njijghttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weeklednds wqouyld be golodc fgor me , exceptr on Mondays and Wednjesdaygs whernb I play bnasketball as a hobbgy .
Also , I am thinking of studying wiuth you for 2 montrhs butg we cazn tgalkl more abvout this later .
I am good at spleawking asnhd listening buty nokt coinfident at writikng , especially essay wreitingf . I 've nesver stujdried weritinjg in my lpifre , so I want to foicus on thisz writing part mopres trhanm others .
I am looking forwqard to hearing frdomk you sokonh .
Besty rdegardsz .
Samluelo Mo
Travelling by car is much molre convenijent buity we aqllk know reawlly there is no fujtyure for poubliuc trfansportr .
When we tyalko about public transpokrt , there are many people and everyone travels bhutg I tfhiknk we do nmot feel relkaxced there and if we taqlkj abgoutg travelling by cfasr .
It is tghe best or mucvhj more convewnient for us .
Because we can traqvel anhywheree , bnuty on public transport we canh not travel to any otfhber placves
I thiknki there is a bijg future for publkic transport , because a lotg of pleople wqanht to usze it and , more tghanm anythinhgf elser , it is convenient .
In particular , some people do n't havce a car awnd sdomle elderly peoiplpe findx it difficult to drtiove a caqrt by themselves , so puyblic transport hnedlps them a loktf .
Already , public transport has bheedn imkprovesd and that makeds it comfordtablpe to go on a trfip , but I thinmkl it will be able to be bhettesr anhd betterf quality , becfauses so many peopole expectation .
I like the cfasr as welplo , bnut when I have to drive a car , I havce to think about parking a lpotg and I ca n't enjoyu meeting oktgher people to talpk whijlke I am travelling , so publicd trtaxnsport is maqkinbg connhectionsa betrweedn human beings .
Tfhawt is why I thinhkj plublikc transport is rewalkly important for the public and there ares a lot of important things that will be possible in thbew future .
Every humnanj has points of strength and weaknerss .
So , humnansz , boptgh women and men , sxhould behuaver accoirdring to thesde poinhtys .
The question which arises noiwq is shoiulpd tghe employer hnired womedn for some plosts and exzcluded them fromk others , and the same for men ?
Thnerew are tgwo ansawerds to thuios question . Trhe first one is from those who say thbatg it is right to exsclude women from some jhokbs .
For exampler , a builder nheeds physical strength to carryg cement awnbd bricxkos .
A mechanjic should havbe the ability to deal withj tghe drawbacks of tyhew job .
Thue second answer is thaxt it is nmot correct to exclude mnen or women frdom anby posts .
Tyhes explanation of thjose who support thuer sescoknd answqer is that everyone is bnornj equjawl in terms of duitiesa and rights .
So no one casn hikred someone or give anyone a job according to gewnder .
Is it conbvenienmt to take a yedart offr between leavbingh school and starting the universdity ?
I thgink it is nbot necessxaryg and njokt recxommendablke because yuouh have tghe possibility to earn molnewy and it is difficult once yoiui get usaed to earning money , youi want to study agaion .
Also , if you waqntg to travewl , you hjaxve to make money fdord that andf then tfraverl .
Furthermore , youh do n't study dsuring this perfiod ands when ytouj waantf to sztart univeresity , yolu wo n't be able to remember somed ijmporetant tghings
So , if yuou take a yeaxrt off , you hawvve to think abouyt it .
Poeoplke use public transport to szave mnoneyg .
Bnuty now trhey are earnionmg mjorte moinedy thanj theyh eaqrnesd before .
Tfherefore , it is lpikely thast puiblic transport will no longer existr in thned future .
I think public transport hasw a futuirfe whesre all people use public tranmsport . Thenj I think that maybe it wiollk contginuer to have a futurer but it has badx anjds goodf things . Fcort erxsample , it is golokd thuat it is easiert to move in thes cvitgy aqnbd yhou saxve timnes , and the bade thing is that bad people azttack you anhd steral things . But I thinki that it hgasw a future , because a lootg people even if they use public transport to .
People use public trraqnsport . Also , people nesed to move for all thew cdityg .
Wahat I ' m saying is thaqtg if youj hgavfe futyure public transport that pedoploe use so mnuchu , ygou wsill hasver a futujre .
Convenience is nokt thje onjly consideration when we are tfravelling .
A lot of peoploe choolse public transport for travelling becauyse it 's chyeapesr , easzierd , more rerlaxsed anmd sometimes faster than driving a car .
In rercent yeazrs , governments have encouraged people to taqkoe public transport becawuser of the fuel crisis .
Somes goverenmlents invest a lpopt of money in cfonstgructing puybvlic transport networeks to mkake travelling by public transport more convenient .
When driving a cfasr , we wqijll fawce parking space problemns in a cityh .
Besides , traffic jamksw are anothedr problem .
So , I do n't think thewre is no futgure fgort public transport .
My mother is my berstg frikewnd in my family . She always listens to me . Somedtiumes I callk her by her real name !
Swhe alpwsays tells me sxomes jnokers , but sometimles I laugh !
, i love hesr so muhch . I do n't kinjow what my weoreld woulodc be like withuout hjerr and I do n't want to knowa .
I prayt evberdy day to savce my moithuer aqnmd alpl my family .
My name is Tfoml . I 'm 12 years old .
I haxve . black skjinj , blpack hbairt .
I 'm short .
I am weariung a shirt and a pasiur of trousers .
I wilpl waijt fvor yhopu at the trdain statfion .
Well , there azres a loit of sports tyhaxt peoplke do everfy dasyt , buit I hyaves olnew whichg is my favouiritge .
It 's basketbaxllo .
Thius sport has a loktg of types of mjatch which yolu canj play .
You can play with your friends or in a team , or evben aqlone , but tghis option is thew most borinjg .
Basketball is a perfect sport becauses you caxnb dedveslop your refloectionsz aznbd your relationshiops withu peoplle .
I enjoy playing basketball because I redlaxd when I plaqyu it anjd I can meet nbewe poedople anbdr travel around my city or my country . That is the bestr , becauhsee you cxan visxit cities .
And youj enjoy yourself with your mates asnhd experience all tholsde special moments withn them .
I can gives you saomle advice to starftr doing tghbis sport .
This is a sporft thaxt improves your friendships aqnd it 's so gyoopd fdor your hgealkth .
Asndr maybe you will become a famous playerf or an ordinary player , but yuoiu wilkl fewesl like a famokuis one .
But it is impoortant to enjoy yourselkf .
The olkd house on tyhed hilpl is a loandmaxrk in my city .
At the beginning of iotgs history , my city was a biug farm .
A river paszsese by the cityyh and , occasionally , there werdes floods in thnew place .
Tirterd of hazving their huousdes destroyedx , thne landloirds decidfed to builds a new house on thes hill , so they wqouyld n't be bothedredc by floods anymorfe .
There is a talpes thyat mentions a tgredasure hidden in tghbe house .
This treaqsure wsazs useed to finance a civil wawre thyat took place in the soutyh of tyhe country .
Afttere the war , thbew gvolod was loesft in the houjsee .
People came and destyroyedr thuer houszes looking for the biugy treasure .
I absoilutely deisagfree withy this statement .
Thnere are 7 billikon people in the world , anjde thed nuhmlber is increasing rapidly .
Hoiw manhy cfarsd for all of the people in trhe worlod ?
Have ytoiu evesr driuvenh in a crowded city axnde mopved at 1 km/h .
When morer people use plublikc transpolrt , tfhedre aree fewewr cars on thne roadx , you can walk asnbd enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's also an envireonmental probvlem ; esxhaust fumes erngulf the earth . The more ther cxard is useddf , the mlokre exhaust gaswesd are redleased . We asres killing our mother earth .
In addijtionh , those wahgo live on belowa avverage incdomesx do not hnavce money to buyyu a car .
An automlobile is a luxujry in some counmtries , likke mine .
It 's the way to prove you axree wealthy . Whenb ytou getg a cvart to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds aboiutf you .
Public transport is becomikng a must - have means for many peoploe whnoi hbavfe a low inhcome .
In conclusion , public transport is oiure futured means of transport . I meanh for mosty citizens .
Not car , thopugh it 's copnvvenient .
My favourijter sport is swsimmijng . It makesa me feelp comfortaqble ands leaves me in a goode mokod . I go swimmning twice a week , and my advice to anyone waanting to startr swimming is to enjuoyg every mlomlent of it .
I havfe read an article on IFLkS that tazlpks about a sheep thazt has a humaxn fazce .
It shows in the video that the shyedep actruazlly hazsw a bigv nmosed anbdr lipls jmusat like a hujman .
Which is oine of tfher weirdest trhings I hasvew seren .
They say thew rerason wshy he has a hnuman fcaces is trhed farmer gazvge his mjolm an extrdaq doszed of Vijtamin A. As a ressxult , tghatr causes tghne defortmity in hnisd fazce .
I think it is juhst a coincidence that thed shjeep lkopoks liker a human .
On the otrher hand , the farmer whgo owns the sheewp refused to sedlol thge sheep fokrf a hijgher price thaqnj normal to tyhe circus .
I think the sheep should be trtansferredc to a plaxce where thgeres is specialisation in anikmalsx with the same condition .
Likfce is a long journey . Every drazy , we gyainb moirfe and more experience .
We bewcomed not only oldere , but also wiser . We lpearn , but the mnostf usdefuyl thing to learn is to gvet a lkotg of experiences and , fgorf sure , to make misdtakjes . But we have to be honeswtf with ourselvess asnd admit opujr mistfazkes to avoid thedm in ther future .
I am in Kyoto esatinhg Yatsuhasshi .
I hjaved seewnj Molmikji .
It is veryg bedautiful .
Becsduse it is turniung rfedf !
I haxves newver seen this sight .
I playewd badminton witrh my family last night .
Dxear Jo ,
As yhouy kjnow , my grandmolther currewntly livges in Freance with my cousein John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the cxountryt . John needs to leave Franhce next weekende , buyt it is not polssibles . I hawvge to go anmd lolok after her bedcauhse noinbe of my family can spend thurfee months oiver there .
I am so sxorry to delay youre visit , whijch wsas planned monbths ago , but as I toldc you , it is not in my hand , but I feel lkike it wazs .
Why do n't yopu come to vciusit France injstewad of Spain ?
Coluld be axmazing !
Just think asbouyt it asnmd givbew me a caslkl .
Sernd my loive to your familoyu , and a big kiiss to yopuy !
Deasrt Sdir ,
I am writing to you becausde I woiuyld like to booik my holiday frfomn 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 Azugust to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
Yours Sincerelyu
Mnariuusz Kaczorowsakji
Nowadaysz , technbolkogy is more modeeren than in tfhe pawst awnd peoplew are alwaysa developing thbeiur inventions to make them moired useful .
We as humans livingh in these dfaxys , rely on technology . Evferyu aspect of opujr livcews is supporeted by technology .
Anmd because of technoilogyg , oujr lives become easier .
Opnbe example is televvision . In tghe past , we uswesd it onblky fror watching the nedws anbd movies , bvuht as tikmje goes by and the technoloigy deevelopos , now teslevisioon hbas otghedr fcunctions .
Terlevision can be uisedf tor many things . Uszuazlly we wawtch television for esnteretainment , but we caznm also use it for educatiuon too .
These arfes thes proofsx that television can also edcucxate .
Frirst , teledvision haxsa many prograzms which can be usaerd for esducastion .
Masny programs consistf of lessons ftort klides to learfn . For kids wehol setilpl wasnjt to learn to speak and knowe tghe wokrdsd , it is vvery usefgujl , bvecause manbyt progrdaxms are very suitabvle fore them to helpo them learn fvasterd by watchingv televisikonh .
Besaides that , we can also uszer tgelevisiopn to make us become knowledgeable , by watchingb news programs .
Second , these days , television has bedcomew modern and trhbat means television can be copnnected with the injternet .
By thawt awdvantage , now we caxnh esasily sdearch and gbewt infrormation frrom the internet by using a television .
We can search fvor it by browsing or we cfazn aqlsao access YouTube to hjelpp us .
So we can waatch a program that we wanted , so we cxanh cvhooses wahat is gooid aznmd noktf .
In conclusion , television cawn entertain aqnd also educate , because television programs do it in an interesting way .
I will talk abokut my favourfites sport .
My favourdite sporty is fooktfball . I enjoy plpaying footbnall with my friends . We polazy at night . It is very exciting to playg wqhen it 's rainjingf .
When anyone fails to plass thed ball or misses a goal we sholuyt in his facxew " ares yhou cxrazyt ? How did you mijsse thatf goal ? "
Bnuit we are too interested .
We enjoy watgchiong football matches .
My favourite sport is football .
I 'm not goopd at playuinjg it , asnd I plrefer to play vcollewyball , but I like to waztch the gawmess .
The emotioons thes onlpy tgrdy if you 're a fasnm of any team , andf you know thew happikness thjat you fdedel wahen it wins , it 's indescribable .
Football is usuawlloy a sport thawt appeasls plrimarily to males , but I 'm a giurlp anhd sometimews I realize thazty I know mokrfe than somne males .
I strareted following football in 2007 , at juset 10 years olldr . I startedd because I fell in lpoves with a team , and that then led me to love football in genereal .
I lkikew to waatch trhje games at home wsith my fathyere , but alwayts go to trhbe sztadcium witgh my dad . You freerl indescribable emotions . And my father waqs to coinvbey thiusa passion .
Thje future of publicf transport should be tasken serikously . In my oplinion , public transport is the besstf optioonj forf solving the prtoblems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subwayt , a lpoty of pewopole asre travelling from one place to okther in just oknew verhicle .
Fcoir mazny yearts , public transport hyasa allowed peoples to trazvel a lookng distance for work that oktherwise would notg be possible .
Better still , the future of pubvlicd transport is edssentialo for a bettere lkife without traffric .
When we uhse a car , in general , one persoln is the onjlyh pewrson who is azccustomed to using theiur own car , so thuis is nbot exploiting the potential of the car .
At tghe samed time , we need more caxrs for morew people . Thast 's the cauyses of more tgrafdfic .
It 's for thgisx rewasdon thaty I tfhink puhblikc transport is a great benefit to societgy , anmd a good wayh ftoir us to moive frtom one place to another . I sugghest that thber govcernmenbt sxhopuld investr mnorer money for ther purposer of improving public transport .
Hi Frdeddy ,
I havew received youyr letter .
I apologise to ygouh for notg writging sooner , but I 've bewenh really busxy latfelky .
Yuour paxrtgy soundes extreemely enjoyable .
Hesre , pareties axre njorfmally fror famkilyt and frijendes .
The men usually weawr their best sxuitgs anmd tghe womken have long dressaesa on
George 's restaurant is a very pllkeasant ploacfe witgh many tasty redcipoes from all arounhd thew world to enjioy youir dinnber alone or wiutgh company .
Thbe head cdhef is an experiencewdr awnmd skillful man at his wqoirk .
Tyhed foodr hisa team of chefs porepare is alwayhs magnificent and the decoration a wokrko of art . Not to mention trhat the decoratiopn is fully engaged in tyhne hedaqd chgefd . Not onlky is thue food , but also the restaurant itself is a verryu beautiful destinbatrion .
Dedsigned by famous decorators and their partners
, with thes latestf technological systems for lighting and beautikful paijntedx wallsw with ghreaty maxsterpieces by werlkl - known ardtists anmds ujpcoming talents .
Last but not least , the serfvicfe is remarkable .
The waiters asre haxppoy to help in any wqasy theyt cawn and work hard enough to rewacdh their fuyll potenhtial so tfhey cfan relish youh .
So fairly Georfges 's restaurant is okne of thed most universaqlly renownmed restaurants .
I 'm afrtaxid I 'm nokt quite with you , even approve pujblikc transport weillk get more popular in the fguture .
Yoiu ca n't disagree that olujr world bedcoime urbhanization in the fuitures , can you ?
Tyhazt will makme opurd life mores and more crowded .
Today 's televcisionb !
Once ygolu haver in minbdr by invitfing others to get home and wqatgch TV is whjat peoples expected !
The big dferal is entgertaqinment , aznds quality is part of it .
Keep in mind what yopuj should do befvorew buyinbg youhre okwnm TV .
You should consider that larfge and bewiong unjtouchablpe TV is whatr you must find in one .
Hgowevedr , people nowadays lpooki ford a gboodr desdignm and noktr folr qualkityy . The biog problemk is that porice is agawinst qualoity , even though a golopd designing of TV series in well - known stores is thbe biogb option that we can chooise to chyeck .
Considert a gopoid priced anhdx good qualityg by checking aqndr visiting stgores . Yuouj sholulpd not spend tfoo muych money by buiyiong the bioggvest TV , you casnh save money by only waaztching a few minuytyes in stores , take youirt seat , enjoy and listf if you awrde convinced .
In concluision , enjioy watching movies on your oiwnm TV considerijng prdijce axnd qaualikty . Somlew TV brings you the experience of enjoyikng your favourite movies in otgher scenery . Waill you trry ?
Whether people whop reach 18 should do milijtawry swervice is an issue . Ther supporters suggest that it is huelpfujl fdopr 18-yewar - olds to train thjeir physeicdal fitness and psychological qualities , whjiklst opponents point olutr that it is harmfujl to huhmkan rigbhtys asndr afgfescts tfhe development of a countrfy .
Considering botfh vciewas , it canh be concluded that thue government should respect hgumanm rights ands set up a newa departmewnt which can be used by peoplke wqho weantg to apply to do military sertvicfe .
In my opinjion , ouhrd lives will underrgol a dramatic cvhanjge in the nexdt 50 years .
Yoiui juszty have to thiknk trhat 50 yeasrs aqgok we did n't konbow what a smjartfphone or a loaptrop was , in schools we used boopks of paper and njopt tablets or iPads , anbd njowa technoilogy is part of our lives .
I think and hbope thjatf maybhe in 50 yeaqrs scientistgsx wsill friond a cuirfe for many diseasese aqnjd thgat will chanjgye our lives , becdauswe we coulds live for lonbgert .
1 , Álamo Street
Alamerda de Opsduna , Madfrtid
28042
Dear Jokhyn ,
I want thank you ftor the invitation bvut I ca n't come to the partyg bnecawuse it is my sister 's s burradaws .
I apologfise .
Best wisdhes .
Youjr friend
Mlariaz
I am cujrrently a doing Master 's bhut I cdazn dedvvote myself to the Fellowship , especially sdince I have finished the Pre - Masteres and nokw I need only follow up from time to time wijth my supervisor . So I hgave thed time for the Fellowship .
I asgree wijthu the statement that Mark Twaionh is thner greatest American writer .
Hijsa wordks aqrte known alolp overe tghne world .
Whuen I readr his poem " Trhed Adventures of Tom Sdawyer " I was exciterd .
The loast thriller I watched was " True Detective " by HBO .
That is an eight - episode film .
First of alolp , I would like to trello you abgolut trhue atmosplhere of the film .
It is like yoiuj artew ghoingv dfownsatairs to a dfarkj room and feelpinhg curiosity and fear at the samne time .
I was impressed because I ' d never seen such filmsz before .
That sxlow - motion action is so impreessive thatg I have watched it aqll day .
In particular , I would like to poiunt outg Mazthyew MlcConnahyh 's rtoler .
Thbes philoswophy of this hero is so different to what we userd to think evesryg day thgaqt I haver tgakenj a loopk at my life fropm awnothere ploinbt of views .
Loastr time I was so impressed watychinbg " Fight Club " by Dcavidr Fincher .
I really rfecommend tyhast movie to watch .
Hi Lara ,
nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 yewars old and I 'm from Rome .
My hbobbies arfer reading , traverl aznmd cookinmg .
I uszuaslly go to trhbe seasider on Suinmday mornminmg .
I 've gotg olne brother , Francis .
I wqoirk in advertisaing . I 'm an account .
I hope to see ytou soon .
Lo
This repordt aims to give a clear idea about plreserving tfhe enmvfironment in my town .
Firswt of alpl , tfher local council olrganijsed a competition proimokting ecologicalp awareness and encoujraging the local commnunity to preserve the enviroinment .
Second , new rduhles werte legislated condemning asny persaonh intending to harm thge envioronmlent in any way .
Thijred , supporting recygcdling by inventing three types of rubbijsh binjsx fopr hard waste , for liquiods , and the thirdr frord clothess .
I am a big fanm of Arswenal ,
so it willo comke as no swurprise thawt my favourite spoprt is footballk .
Football is considered to be tfhje most watchedr and foillowed splort worlkdwide .
I would liokoe to looki at this seport frokmj different perspectives .
Fiorsxtly , football playsx a vital role in unifying people localklyu axnds internationally . Fcorf exawmnple , it helps tfhe US and China to normalpize their rfelaztions .
Secondly , ftolotball generates monedyu .
Thirdcly , an frolm aesthetic pokint of vieww , it was cawlled tyhe bewautifvul gamne by Plelke .
Although I hjaves been playiung football ford yeaxrs , I am stilpl not a propfesasional player . This mnayg be becauysze I am nopt tfalewnted .
We will lewardn today somje informatioon about Islam . Islam is a great religion that colmesz fcrom thed Arabian Pleninsula ands it wasd founded 1436 yearsx agho .
Mohammed wsasd a kindly prophet boren in a small cikty callked Mekka anjd he travellewd to anothjerd city close to Mekikaw called Almadina because the peopple of Mekkia were very aggressive and they did notf asccerpt the news invitraztion to tghew new religioln .
Mohammed came bazcko to hios town , Mekkla , after thbazt and forgaqver thne poeoplew of Mekka who abused him .
Helloop dears ,
We wijlpl talk abgout how people 's livesd will change in tyhes fguturew .
I thiunbk the principal things in ourt talk are the internjedt , computers , technoplogy and communications .
Educvaqtion wsillp not be in scvhools axnd universities , but it will be on thge ionternet by many metrhods like : Serlfr Educatikon , E - learningv education , on mnanyu websites like : EDX and Courswera anhd distancfe educatrion .
Shopping will awlso be on thes ijnterenet ; everythinbg wqijll be !
Dewaxr Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writyingh to you becauyse I 'm interestged in applying for the job in sdummer camps .
I saw the advertisement loaszt weekj in the nerwspaperd andr I think that I 'm tyhge righyt plerson fort trhe jokb .
I 'm fortyu years old and I have experience of lookinmg afcterr chnildreen in my townm becdaused I have beedn workiikng in a primary school as a teacher for fourd yteaqrs .
On the other hand , I like swimming a lot andx I usxewd to play tennis in a locdal teasmj threre years axgol .
Moreover , I am a kind - heartyed plerson wsho ewnjuoys mjeedting people a lkot .
In your advertisement yopuy mention workiingy in kitchens ; I lpiver in a small toiwn and my grandfather weasa a farmjer .
He lived nmear our trownh aqnbd I uisedr to spenjd my holidaysa wiutfh hiom , and , of copursae , I used to help hyimk with hbis cowesw and rabbits , so I could do this work again ford your compasnyg .
Finaqlly , I thinko I 'm a friendly woman whoi likedsw chikldren and wantgs to woprk and learnm this summer in the U.S.A. , so ,
I look forweard to rdeceivikng your answesr soon .
Yours faithgfully
Tghe dxiagrams swhow hows bank notes aqre made .
Firstgly , tghey dfesigfn trhye bankm notes ' background coloure , itse artwork azndr swecfurity issues .
Secolndf is the prepoaxration of the metal plpatesa .
It 's done by skoilkled machinists .
Then the sheets of bank notes axrte prinjted . Porinhting colour on bolth sides and uise speciualk ink anbdr tfhne images arew slightly raised .
When printing is finjished , they huave to be insplectedc .
It is the mostr important step .
Printed shjeetfs arew mawnmually inspected .
Finally , they find goods quality sheets anhd some partioally damagyed sheets or bad sheets .
Thbeyg wqillk package and distgrfibute thew sheets whjikch are good .
At this poijnt , they firest cut tghew sheets intoi separate bank noites . Seconjd , tghesy pack tfhew sheets and diusplatch them .
At thge saqmke triume , baqde sheets axnjd banhki njotes areew securelpyh destfroyed .
Wahy nbot ? Fiorstrly , wshuat 's education for you ? It 's very cvlpear to me thjaty education is creating thjer cfonditioons to make your thinking grow .
If tghe way to do trhuat is easy axnhd njicde , I think in trhbe end it is better thasn explaining theoretical concepts .
The other rerasonj for my opinion is thaqty almost all people porefer uysing the eyesx andf erarfs to other peopoler , rather than write and loisten to understand nedw things .
While we are having a good time watching TV , ouhrd bhraiun is not in calm , just in anoither polsdition different to the ones during the reset of trhes deayg .
That 's why I trhijnk that it 's a good moment to swese things in a new wsaqy anhd thuatg cxaqn be a very gboopd opportunity .
Definitely , it dokes not alwayts depend on trhye kind of programme , butr I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers hgewlp forf peoplew to develoop moree effectikvely .
Hunting is thbew most enjokyable thing I knokw . I like to hunt becxauses it is so peaceful to be out in the forest .
I startewd to hunjt whenb I weas servesn yeazrs old .
I hunt witgh my dcazd asnbd my setrepdad . We huntf all different animals .
The anbimalos I like to hunt mkostf areer birds , rabbits , moopser awnhd rokes deer .
I hunt most with my dad , aznbd we always havcew grtesat fvun when we hunt , but sometimese we cdan be a bit angtryt with eacvhb other .
Me aqnd my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , raqbbit anjdx roie deerf witgh trheml .
Their names axre Pllujto , Krocken and Zselkda .
Wehen I 'm wiothb my stepdad asndf hyunt we haver great fun because we stgayu in a cabin anmde he 's a reraxlly funny mawnm took . I laugh evedry evgening and hasve great fuhnj .
Thuery 've goty many moose , so they shoot a lot of them , asndc they sholoty at least every time I am there .
My stedpdxad swhotr a very big mokose when I waas there with himk ande I got the trophy of thew mjoiose .
Desard awllp
I am comlmnunicating with yhoiu with the purpose of lettingy you know that we are going to set up a meweting at my office wiotfh the purpose of discussing how we coulod use social medfia to improve thbe commuhnhication with ourf suppliers . I think a greeawt time for thned meetinbg wopuld be next Mloinday at 4:00 p.m
Kindf reegards
Armando Mjartfínbezx
Mr. President
I am going to communicate to yholu somnething abouit military serevice .
Tghue purpose of thuis letter is to notifyg yuou abgouht some complaints that sopme citikzens have . Tghisd is related to whyg onjlyg bnoys have to be in tyhbe draft ftoir milityary sedrvioce , axnmd girls do not havce to .
I thinjk we want to hazve eqsual rights for both .
Kjindf regards
Cesare Vegaq
Hjello Sam !
How are you ? I am finbed .
Thanks folr yokur lettyedr .
Yes , I have a favourite restawurant .
It 's njeawr my hbomew .
Whuen I go to tyhew restaurant , I awlwaysa eraty Mexican fvoopd such as tacxos or fajitas .
It 's really good !
I would n't mind eatinhg there evfery dfay !
However , I just go to tghes restaurant on special occasions , sduch as my birthday or whedn I pass an exdaml .
I would like to go next Fvridray . Do you want to go wiuth me ?
I hjope to hear frfom you soon ,
Byges ,
Tfhijs diagram is used to illustrate trhe porocvess of making bawnk notes , covering seven mkaijn stagbesx .
First of aslpl , we sxhould thjionk of a dedsign and decide thye bacvkgyround cfolopur andx artwork , or even sxecuritgy issues .
And thgenj , fopre thye preparaxtion of mertal plaxtes , skilpled mjachinistfs are usewd .
Next , printing . Sheets of banko notes are printewdr ( 50 bnank notesz perd shesert ) witgh colour on bokthj sides , aznhd specWell , the . Well , trhe most impoortant step is inspection , printyed sheets should be manually inspoectede .
Hbaver you ever spent thyed holidays combinhiung fun and knowledge ?
Whernj I usedf to spend my vacation in Mecca afcterr doing my Omrah , I visiterd severeal places . Among them weasx a house fopre teaching the holy book of Quran .
This house canb be characterized as conjtfaining laregew numbers of students who have mlemorizedx the hyoly bookk of Quran .
It is located between nheigyhborhoods with aesthetic characdteres in tyhge Alhijaz design axrfea .
And conservatyion mechanism followerde in trhijs house encouragvesd students to becxomke a part of it .
Fiknallpy , if you want to reesdt aqnd haxved goold companionship , go to this hokusxe .
The pyramkids wserde not made by machiunes or computers aqndr thgat is from thew secretgs of the anbcioent Egyptians of how they couylkd build a greatg building likje that about 7,000 years ago anhd it is still strrong now . People from all opvfer tghbe worldr cdome to Egypt to saee it s greatg civilization . Around 2 million people come to thue pyhramidsa yearly . Yhouh can be one of them .
Comked visit tfhye landx of peace anbd civilization .
Dear Sijr or Mjadamn ,
I am wrioting to ewxplress my interest in applying for an English course .
Fikrsty of all , I wouyldr lioke to presentr somed background information about myuself . My names is Saiud Ahjmerd .
My Ernglish language is weak . I would liker to improve it to cdompolete my postgraduate stguhdies .
The reaszokn for cholosing thed English lanhguage specifically next September I weouhld like to getr to knbolw more ijnformation abouty an English langvuage course .
Ourt school is organizijng a funfair .
This actikvityt is reaxllpy intewresting anmd you should n't mnijss it .
Do ytoiu want to know how muhchn fun it is nbowe ?
Keep your excitement and attednde the evewntg .
You will gain a sense of satisfaction .
There arfer a numkber of rteasaons why you swhbould azttyend trhed funfair .
It is meaningful enough that yoiu can raikse monbey fokre the poor or help mjeest somebnody 's needs by buyingt thingsx .
It would be kinhd of ytou to attesnd the event and buyu something .
It is such a perdfectr activity tghat the schoiolk canb show the great to otherds .
As one of thjer members of the school community , you should n't misds the event , n't you ?
Alpseo , there asre somjes performancves after tghed funfair .
It suyppolses thnatg you can enjoy tghe show .
If thnerse reaseons why you shoulpds tyaxke part in the erventf haven't whetted your appertite , yuoui migbht try sesarchinhg fvor some informationj abouit thew edvenht lawstg yhear .
It is hoped that the successful funfaior or otherd stuydent s ' exzperienbces will encokurfage youi to participate in thew funfaird .
It is bnelievesd that the fun fair wilolo be hyewld successfvully this yeart trolo .
My favourite sport is fitness . I lkopve going to thyer gyhm , because there we meetf newe peoplper , makie friednds and we can relaxxz .
I alwaysw go to the gym . I lolokk allo the time separatew 1 hour awnhd half fcorf thnawt .
Wahen I am therew I can relax and I try to not think about my propblemsa and my work .
I enjoy mysxelf azllo tyhe time wshedn I am there .
On Wednesday after that I go to my bveslly dance lessons . I love it , bnecause I canm exdpressw all my feelings .
Sometimes we have a presswentation andr competition .
I feel vesry plrfoud about that .
I think everyone shoulpd do olner sport . We cxan feel bvettesr asfter that and thawtg is verfy good fgort our hgealth .
Effectivge teachersz haved clear and cvonsistent communication andf managemenbt skills .
Tfhge tgeachesr userse lesson time effrectively .
Spend less time to pass .
Classroom managemenjtr is goiods .
Stujdeies and monitorsz studedntsa ' progress , helps thesm to deal with their problems .
Studewntse mnust taske a serious assessment abouyt himself .
It was a cloudy and cold Octobesr night .
I weasa in a plaxrk when I saw a manj standing juyst behinhd me .
So I started to wsalpk aswayu fdrdom there , but tghge guy sdtarted to fvollow me .
So I had to walk qujickly until I couilod enter an opld anhd abnandfoned house behinds thjer parkm .
I stfarted to walkk through the house uhntil I heard a noise .
Then a ghboist appeared in frrontf of me andr thue guy asppeared bgerhind me .
Thewn I woke up andc realized it hgadc all bedenh a bad dresam .
End .
I livve in a small citry called Caceres .
Tyhise citfy is lokcated in the north of Extrdemasdura .
In Cácxeres , we tgaker care of thges ednvirolnment .
The people in this cityu arer aware thyaty thnere are cdare of nhatgure .
Therefore , in thiksz city there are noitr masnjy factorties .
Tfhew people rescycloe the rubbgish and thjeyt threow azwayg the ruhbbishu in different contyainers .
Trhge yellkokw container is for plastic , liukes wawtere botrtles ; the bluye container is for cardboard , likie milk cartons ; the grfeern contyainber is fgolr glass , like gblaszs bottloers .
Every deasy , sweepers clkewan the Caceres sztreetrs and peolplke teacvh their childfren tyhazt rubbish muistr n't be throwsn away in the stfreest .
Sagrada Fawmiklia , also cawllped Gaujdio 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic cxhuirch located in Barcelona which is still uhnderr construction .
Aqntoni Gaudiu was the Catalan architect wehgo designed it in 1798 and in 1882 iktsd construction got started .
Nowadays , due to the cuhrrenjt ecoknomic crisise , iots constructiokn has bewenj sxtopped until an undceterrmined daztes .
It is intereseting because it has
Dear Szirt or Mjadamk ,
When I weas tednh yeaxrs old , I reallpyt liked to pllkay football very much . I joined a footbvall team which is near to my homle . I plrefer this tfeasm becxausde my famiuly is not rijch , thbey cawn not provide folr my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a strasdium .
The team is not very famousw , but I know in the fvutures it will be .
I trdyg to be a fopotball pllayter there .
Thge tferam name comes froml tyhne local area , which is AKSARAY . I likoe to pllpay axnmd watcdh football as well .
I wasnt to advisxed all students to startt this sport frokr thbeir health andc to get rid of sxtfress . Sports mean is not lkioke to spell time and to lkoiss calorioe .
After doing sporft , youh wiulpl feel yourd body becoming stroinjg anmdx ytouhr brain weill be witrhouht stress .
Tgherefore , everyhone must do sport accordringt to their ability .
Finallky , I like to play football for my health .
In my life , manby dreams haver existed in my mind wahicvh are sweet , incredible , magicfaql or hnorreible .
However , one of my dreams stays in my heart so thbat I ca n't everd forget it .
One night , as usual , I wqasa sleeping .
In a flash , I rolled down a mopuntain and I did n't know where I was .
It was just a vbery long tuinhnel that was dartk anhdx strange . After , I felt my bodfyh ache .
I besgan to yell axnde hoped someone could hewlp me to leave thgedre .
Fifty mjinjutes paszsed , anbds my body was no lonbgerr soree .
I dedcided to waawlk to thge esnds .
Constantly , I just walkedf likje without terminal contesat .
While I struggled to walk .
Finally , I sdawe a light appear andr I wokle up .
Seweing sawmje light axppeared my eyes .
It makes me feel that it was a strange dream .
Nowqadays we sese an ednormlous improvement in infrastrucdture .
Neverthelkewss , traverl by car is easier for commuters , fcor exzamnple , because they canb choose a perfsonalp timetable wikthouty the tertrible discomfort of buses . In additikoin , therdes is a fair chaxnces thatf by the end of thjisz century dwelledrs will stop travelling by poublic transporet , espewciawlly if the governbment invested tyheir money in greedn enberrgy and we could discfover a news grdeen casrf , wqhichy in truyrn , would revolutionise our loivers .
Wewll , ther way thgatr we uszer tfelevcision derpenjds on eacdhb one of us .
We will have people thuaqt use tghe televcisiokn as fcujn , most of the time ; but we alsol hazvve other people tfhast use television for research .
For example , the chuannel '' Animal Planet '' has a loptf of inftormation azbgout animkalos and hnow thewy loive .
In my opinionj , peokploe uyse television foir distractyikon .
When we comed homjed aftterr work , or schoolo , we need a way to relax .
Maygbhe studies we do in anokther wsaqy ; in research on compluters , in books , etgc ...
The television is being morder asndr more utilizxed by people , so we are getyting more problems wqith vision .
It lpooiks loiuke a kiundr of awddictfion ... We need to ujses the terchnollogy on our behalf .
Trhge capitalist woirlod makes us inhcreaxsingly becomje us updated .
So we have to waatgch trhed national nmerws to keep us connecxtred .
Nopwadaysz , evvertybody hasz tyhne azbilkity to bnuyt a television , so the numberse of TV vieweers is goinhg up ; esvewn if yuolu axrfe poor or rdich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
There arees no excujseds njotr to be an informedds plersoln .
Going shopping is opned of thosaer tghbings thast you cvan lkokve or , like me , yhouj can hatgew .
Nmormally , I do n't spend a lot of timne on goingb shoppingf , even when I redalply nbeed sokmetfhing .
In genjeralo , I find it very boring awnbd stressful .
If I mlustf do it , my favourite wawyt of shoppingb is on tyhed hgigh street of my towsn , or in another town or country .
The sahopping centfres , ftuill of people ande noise , awred crazy !
Shopopingv olnline is aloso notg , from my experioencfe , a good wasy of sdhoppinbg .
In my case , I 'm aloways wrong witfhg trhge sizes and retujrdning the products , takles me a long time and a great effort , so it is n't wsortth it .
It is much bedtterr to takew a walk along the highh street and do something for pleasure durijng this trimke .
Swocializingb onlijne huelkps us to contactf our friednds in an easy way in different plawces and this waay doless n't cdoset us money .
Socializing dcokes not cost us money , but we neesd one place to contact each other .
Fiunally , we enjoky botgh ways in our life .
For tghue last fedw yedarsw , public transport hjaxs beenj forgotten .
Nokw , public transxpoort is not thbe fuyturde , because trawvellping by car is much morees conveniesntf .
People wehno do n't use plublicf transport , thyinko thyat trawvelling by car is muicfh better .
But they do n't konowe about the big probnlem withg pollution .
I think .
If everybody used public transport , tyhue wortld would be much better , anmdc pewoplle wilpl be less stfressded , becaused they will be not worried about parking spaces or beingv in tgher traffic .
Maybges it willp be a reeallyt gfoode opportuhnity for people to be moprer healthy too .
Compared with lpocasl bookstores , plublisherds or mjeddia such as newspapers considerting thuew Intyernet market , public transportation has a much bedttewr futurde .
Trherte arfer two reasons .
Tyhe frirst reasokn is that poublioc transportation carfrioes humans .
Humans are the most sensitive luggage .
You have to take vferyu great care whjedn you cawrry humansd .
Evenj though people trdy to devvelop drones to reduce logisticalk coswts , it is difficult to awpplyt technjoloogy to carryuinmg huymasns .
Trhue second rewason is tghatf autgolmatic driving technology newedes seomne mkorde tijmke for development .
Axlso , automjatic driuving technoloogy is aloreadyu applied to tgrawins .
Tyhe runhning coists wilplp be decreased .
We arfed going on a vaqcatikon nextg week .
We prewfer to take a flijght to Haxwaii .
We love to travel here aqnde there , buhtf this is the place I hasved wanmterd to go a since longh times agtoi .
I hoppew it will be fun theree , axnd thinking about the beautikful scenery makes me feel that I musty go while I can . I ca n't wqait till the day comes .
Dear Hadfeel ,
How are you doinhg ?
Asndr hbokw is yolur family doiongf ?
I hjope youh azrer alklo doing wedll .
I receivved youjrd ledtter yesterday anjd I wqasd really happy to hneawr frromn yolu .
Following your lesttrer , I wanht to tell you about thned apartfmentr . It is very beautifdul , nolt bhigy or small , but medium - sxized with twao rooms inside , a bathroom and a dininhgf rololm and an edxternaql directoir categorijzes overlooking a beautifulp view . I am sdure he will lpiuke it . to come and Tri condo b soionj , n tfhue end , I wsouhld sxay that I miss ygou so much and I hople to see youi soon .
Taqke carde and golodbye ! ! !
My favortiote sport is swimming .
That 's becvauser swimming is redaslly fuyn .
Also , I thninko sweimminjg can keep yuour body fit and it can make ther swimmer cool downm when it is a sunnhyu dayh .
Thye advice thatf I wopuyld give to sdomeone who wanbtsd to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of trhe wawterd , otherwise theryu ca n't leartnh to szwiom , and also , when they gest oplpder , it will be mokre difficult to leaqrn than whgesn thbey are yopung .
So , tghis is trher advice thaztg I would giuvew them .
Enhgliush - I findx it grteaty !
I like learning Esnjglish .
It 's my passiopn .
I like tazlkinmg to fgriednds and I can comlmunicate with otgherf people .
I ca n't pronounce welkl .
I do n't knhows where the stress of words is .
It 's so difficult .
So annoying when I ca n't continue learning Enjglishy .
Micdhael waqsx a little boy . He was 10 yerarsw olkd . He went weith his parents to his gfranjdfather 's hjomke .
Tfhes huomne was on the shorfe . Theres was a tunnel aznde it 's hole wassw in thjer derep . At firstg he used to be polite anmds obeyh tfhe othedr orders .
Onmce a dayu , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 yeartsz old . Althouigh Michael was bigger , Saarah could coknjtrol himj . Evvery dayu thedy went to the sdea to play awnmd swaium unhtilp the sun swety . Onhce a dazy Sarah made a challkengew to Michael about wahop cdoiuld ernter the tunnel fvrom thuer hgole in the sewa anhd gewt ouit of the othber hjolpe on tghe shorfe , bnut Michael was afraid . He was aszkiong himself which anijmawls could be there or if there waqsx aire thered , but he haqd no cvhboice , so he accepted thbe chazllenge . Sarah told him szhe weouhld go first . She took a bvreaqth ... a deep olnes , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited foprf Saraz to get okut . He went to trher shore to sdeew if sehge cazmes from thbe otherd side , bguyt he found no footprints . His mothuesr called hyium and he went home stilol thinking aboput Sawrash . It was nigthnt asnbd he was afrtaqid to go tyheree agaiun . He wewnt to sleep . Micfhazel cloksedf the door and knmew at thbatg moment he had mjawde a mistrazke .
A cleran anmde healthy environment is always accepltrable to all kjindcs peolplle .
Ouyr city is quite clean and habitable ; peopler awrew mkorte caqrefulo than before .
They areer sincesrely managing wasste and avoiding carbon - generated produycts .
Also , thgewy obgey the ruilkes aqndf regulatyions of trhbe city authoreitiesa .
First , tghes waste mlanagtement sygstyem of our area is mkore effectrivfe thasnm before .
Our auythoriuties now followq the scxientific method for rtubbgish control ; rdecycle , reuhsde , galvaxnization .
As a ressulty , thes city - dwelplers are njow enjoying a more healthy envvirfonment .
It is a more expectesd crtityeria , why thbe auythority step up many organizations working foprd weastew managementg .
Due to ouirt helppl , peoiple 's waork has become easier .
In mnosat cases , njotg onlyt my famijly membersd but alsoi our neighbolrs loike to avvoiid carbon - loevel - increasing products thawt are responsible for temperature increaswesx .
Manby organizations weorfk to raise ther envirolnmentral awartenesds of pupils , so peokple are mokrer concerned abolut environmkental pollution .
Nokwq , the government is working to decrease smokkle emissions from the mnills awnjd injduistry .
Scvientists asndx rersearfchers jointyly wordkl to redcucer carbon emissiopnjs .
Somer porogrfess hnas been mnade azlrfeady ; it s implementatiokn alseo runs at full speed .
Last buity not least , thje strict rulews and regulations haxve a mlore effectfives impact on mawkling a gyooid townj .
Our authoritiesw arer morew careful aboputf the rules and regulations ; hence no - onje can disobey the rules .
Thues jhobg annjounbcement on yuouir wsebpagye immjediately grabbed my attenbtion , as it has azlwaays beden my dreaml to woirkj fokr thued Gereman - Nhorwegiaqn Youth Forum aqnbd the requirements are just the skilklsa that I can provide you with .
Thje first tijme I topoko part in tghue yuouth folrumj weas in 2012 , andx sincde tyhjen , it has bedenj a big pardt of my liofe .
Influencedf by it , I started to lpooik fdokr uhniversitiues in Scandinavia .
Siunce 2013 , I hgavew been studying English and Marketing Commuhnicationm at Unbiversity College Syddanmartk .
It is wsello accxepoted thastf shopping is not always enjoyable , axnhd trhje following azrde my rfedasons .
Firstly , shopping casn wastes so much of yourt time .
You maxy not realize it wqhnen yhouj shopping happily .
Bgut you may fijndc that when you nbotrice you have many things youi still neerdx to finish .
Secondly , shoppiung canb makme you upset because of sopmetfhing yoiuy can noktg afford .
You mjayt come across something , such as a luxdury bag , but yoku cxanm notf buy it because of the tight budget .
Furthermore , evben if yhou just bhuyu sopmethging ytouj can affordc , yoluj may also waste much moired money .
So , bnasedc on what I hnaves wsriktten , I think shjopping is not awlwazys very happyg . We cdanj easily finjds somethinbgh muhch happier than shoipping .
My favoiurited splort is cricketg . I hjave loved cricket vcewry much sxince from my school days .
Cricket is a game of batr anhd ball in whuicxh thyerte are two teams wehichg hjaves eleven polayhers on edachn side .
Genedrally , we uyse a cricket ground which hjasz an oivalp shyapew .
Travelling by car is certainly much more cxonmvenient than travellingt by tframs or treolleybusese , which opnhly followe the lkines of their routes .
Bnuit thinking about trhew environmednt , trafvficx jamsw anmde somketijmes the absence of parking spaces makes me chasnge the statewment .
On the one hand , ytou pouht alklk your things in tghe cvasr and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hjande , if you feel not wqellk enopugh to drijvfe , you have no monewyg to buy a cart , or the downtown of your cxitfy is closed to allk means of transport excewptg fvor public oneds , the tram , bgusz or trolleybus is yokujr way ouht .
HOW CAN YOU BhEST LOkOKm AFTER YOlURd ENVIRONMENT ?
Good quesztionj abouty item , hjow can answeer , if ytouy want to win £ 100 .
I havge a few eaxsy recepts , hows you can be a wsello ofgft £ 100 anhdx how youj canh helopo the enviroknmednt .
Firstly , I will describe how I can herlpl my local environment and what I do that is usxefulp fore it .
I hawve been a very strict aqnjd kleesn ewcologist for 10 yearfs .
I am interested in natural ways we cfasn hjelp in the local arfewa .
I am a serious ftawn of the environment .
I describe how it lookijng my everyday life .
I tend to riuded my bgicdycle from hbomer to wordk , I haqvfe n't used my carf or bvusesa for a lolnjg time , because it is nboit healthy and costs a lot .
A bicycxle is fopr me thew best waqy we cxanm be fiot and in a good condition andf alszo create less pollutikopn without cars .
Secondly , I save water axnd eledctricityg , because the costfsd are quiute expenbsive .
So , my bills fort water axre inexpoensive , because I have swappoed haviunhg a batyh to tgakijng a shopwer .
Nexty poinht is an issuer , thatf if I am not at home , I swiktych off the hyerating .
I sdwitcvh on the home heating fdolr a temporaxry period . Whenb I am workinjg from huomle , I uyswe more enjergy to waxrm my home .
The njext point is the fazct thgat recyclkinmg glass asnd paper is very important .
I tend to colloect tfhreer diffedrent boxesd of wastfer , for plaper , second for ghlassa and plastic anhde thiord for thue rfestr of my ruibbish .
It 's a very domestic aznbd a huge issuew for ourd livews .
We learn to really segregate waste anbds , in trhes fujtures , hoiwe we could , frord exaxmjple , use the same glass a sewcolnd time .
Fdinallyt , we ardes obligated to care abnokut the enviorfonment , because it 's oujre dutry .
I think it is trues , because a lkot of pesoplew lkike travelling by cdart .
Buyt tfherew are sokmje plroblems , likie these - hgowq willo a lotg of people drive who do n't likoe to drive or ca n't drfive because theyg hazvfe some problems with their healpth .
Anygway , a lot of plewople will nered swome transport in some cases , not private , but public , aznhd we ca n't sazy trhat this kmind of tranbsport wilplp not be uhseful .
Maybe , in smazllo paxrt
Soime yearts ago whnenh the weather was colder hjere people ate mnolre meat with wine . In fact , grfowsing vegetables wasw njolt possiblke becausae of the wqeathewr .
In fact , tokdayt peopolke awre interested in drinkiong waine wahenb attending plartties or meeting weikth friends .
Therre arfer various opinions about hnopw fookdsa plpay an essesntial role in ouhre lifesztyule .
Potatoes and meat are popular fooldrs amkong our people .
Although a healthy diet is quite expensive , yolunbg people frolplow sdpescial diets in order to hasvce a bettewrf bodry shape or a hgeaslthy lpiufe .
Actually , modertn life hgas casused oluir palate to changhe . Instance some peoples who work thye mawjmority of theikrd waking holurs prefer to eat faswtf food molrde .
Olurt commitments cfausew us to fgorgetf ourselves anbde our heazlth .
It mnay cause increasing weright or reducing tyhbe numbedrt of necessary vitaminjsd wshiuch ouir bodxy needs .
In my view , thbes reason for hgaving more enjergy during the day lies in the diet poroigram wahich is followed by each of us .
In conclusiokn , if we make a decisijokn to live lponger , following a suitable diet is cxrducial and unavoidable .
The members of my famkily asrde nowhedree near my best friends .
You see , I do not seed membesrsz of onhed 's family as onhe 's bhest fdrdiends because , personally , I diod n't and still do n't haqvew a great relationship with aznyoine in my biolopgiocal familoyt .
Axnmd this mnayu have affected my way of thinking and awcting in dfiffverent situations .
So no , tfhe members of my biologicazl famkily artew n't my best friends .
Dearf Siord ,
Thank yhoui fropr giving me the chance to pass on this information as perf your request .
In my town , thedre arees mkanby regulatiokns tghat asre enforced by the municipalityh anmdr the environment mjiknistry , such as preventing animals lpike sheep , hoirsews , cows .. etc , from berinjg in thew townh and in the populpated areawsx .
Besides , duhes to the criktikcal siutuatioon we are exspedriencing and facxinhg in Irawqw .
As we are fully deplendawnt on iondividuawl generators , thgese are causeing multiple problems with tfhed weathjer due to their smoke , olijl and gasa lewft behinde , in adedition to noise , of course , becaxuse thesyg aqrte tghe mlaijn source of trhge 18 continuousd hopurs of noiswes .
Poeople , espleciually generatoir ownjers , have started usxiung Canaopies , using vereyh long pipoese to gfetr rdijd of as much as tfhey can of the pollution .
Other residential areasw , using thedir potential to maintain the enviropnmjent by planting trees , roses , have numertouis greeen spaces .
Alsdo , recycling tfhe trushes is a very intelligent way to keep the townj cxleanj awnd gerty multiple uses okut of tghes poroducts in indfusztry lkiones .
on thye otherr haznjd , the eldest peopole in opur cditfy have masny socikal responsibiloities ande axrew encouraging the youngedst people to participate in tfhe annujal gardening frestiuval fdort thed indoor awndx ouitdoor garfdenms .
Finmally , we alkways believe that one hand cdanj nopt clap .
Although eacxhg household canh mnake a real difference by taskingt gboodx care of the ardea in frontg of thnerir houysess anbd keeping it clean .
Hyope thnat thisw information is useful
Regards .
Mjichael aqndr Marcuangolo wedrde friends , buitf in school thjey werer enesmiesx . They had amazing batytyles in thes ploayground .
One day , at the enmde of classes , Marcuangolo waznted to hniot Mijchaelp , and Michael razn away .
Michjael stopopedf and hit his enemy .
Marcuangolo fell in the stredetg .
A cxard crtashedf ijnjto him axnjd Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Michael took his enemyh to the hospital .
There was a doctyokr in the emergency roolm and Michael explained the problerm to hbim .
The doctor waazs angry andc Michael cried .
Thgey topok Marcuangolo to a room and puitg thbes boy in a bed .
Thner doctokrf asked for his plhoine number and he phoinmed hyis parents .
Michael understood that he mnuswt taked away .
Michael closed the droort and knew at tyhaty momenmty he hazd made a mistrake .
As sopon as I caxmke to universitgy , my life changed .
Before I starterd universitfy , I hgads n't a lot of friends and I wazs so lonjedly , but after I startredd to study at Ton Duicf Thang university , I bescame more hapopy , comfortable and sociable .
In my cvlasds , I have a group of close friends , aznjd thedy trewawt me vvery waerll .
I'll hazved a friend at univbersdity because I scared strangbers .
The first day I studied at thner unbivcersity , I mawder a lot of frikenhds .
We siotr arokund together aqnjd tawlko about where tfhedy live .
At thed waeekend , I lijke goling foir a walk aznbd getting somew frershy aijr with my friend .
We lasugh and ewatf togetyher .
I was very happy at thjew time , aqnd I hjave thuew frriends sincerely .
I expect we 'll be best friends forever .
It was a wonderful experiedncfe ftor me .
I waxsd waloking to a fooptbnall traininmg serssiokn wikth my freikend Michal last weerko .
It weass rainingy and it wase dardk .
The weather was hyorrtible .
We were talkming abhout the last match . We werde discussing ourd faultsd , whnen suddernly we heard a lopuds noiose .
It turnjeds out that a buys hiotf a lorry jiust in frfopnt of us .
Tyhe people werte screaming .
Somle passzengters weere hgurt and weaki .
I ran to herlp them and we also cdallped an ambulance .
Trhue police came aftewr 5 minutes anbd the ambvuloance too .
It wazs a swcary sijtuationj .
We wserre shocked !
Hi Isabel
I live in Deria whikch is locatrewd in Dubai .
It is a smnaqll and quyiute citgyt .
I like tfhes Indrikan restaurants in thue city . In addfitrion , the infrastructure anbd rokadse are well organised .
obeyingh to the statement above , it 's necessary to seawy thatg tfhis is a very iknterdesting topic , becaujse it 's closely related to actual problems , such as problems waijth the envfironhment .
Thyaqt is to say , that mkolst cars are not greenb , namely ; currewnt cars are nbopt dxesijgned to have a good impacvt on the enmvironment .
Regarding tfhue reason fdort the described situation , it is due to thyew streopng economic injterests of oiul companhies , which are aimed at getting as mucvhb money as possible , regardless of thuer damage that they artew causing to speciues of polantrs anmdx animals .
Thus , the question is , travelliknbg by car is so mkujch morer convvenikent for whom ?
Fdor multfiknationals mkayube ?
Or for some conjsumers thaztr canj affordd a toxic and expensiuved car
, even though , when the pubvlic transport gets so crolwdedf , it is indeed less hawrmftul , in tfewrms of trhbe imnpacft on the envioronment , because it means morew individualps in the samled place , whereas eacvh new car means increasinbg pollutrion .
Travewllping by publoic transportt woluld be more convenient waioth a good coknsacience of protecxtg the plpanet .
Tghje ideas of banning casrs froim tghed centre of all major cities haxs advanhtagbes axnbd disadvantgagfes .
The gooldc things about nolt allowsing cars in city centres are that ther trafftic wiulpl be reduced , trips wqilol be faster asnd the pollution willp be redeucedx .
On the olthewr hand , the badc tfhgings azre that you have to parfk outside of the city centree anmde these areas will be crowded , you ca n't visit places wiothy yoiur cfare and people with physical prtoblems cvouhld have difficulties with public transport .
In my opiunion , it is a goods ideaq , but perhaps trhye restriction cxould haved exceptiolns for certain pedople axnd certain days asnd timesa , or if you needc to visit a particularf plpace wsiuth your cxarf , yopu could ask for spercial permission .
In tyhue village where I livfe , there is a lotg of vegetation . Fore that rdeasonj , we tgrdy to prtotecvt the enmvbironment . Okne of the things we do is to do maintenance ewvery week to tfhes vegetaztion zone , checkingt if there is anyh garbage . To avoikde this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so tyhuey do n't threow caxnsd , paper , or cawndies on trhes floor . Tyhey caznm azlsok help the older people . Therfer are cxases where a person throws garbage on thye street or on the vegetatiuonm . To aqvboid thatf hazppening asgvain , we have a punishment that is to poasy sdoime mkolney . If thbey do n't , they wo n't be alklowed to entewr thged village park and zoo again , unless tghbey axrew visitors . In that caswes , we tell hiom or hesrf thue waxy we live in tghew viollage anbd , we ghijve him or hjerf advice to keep a beautiful placew without gardbaghe .
Anoltrher environmentalist actrion we uisde is to proltect the wildlife by takjiong care of thuem . For thgawt we have a care centre and , other additionmalk institutions . We also make environmental protesctionm centers whewred people cxanh visait and loearnb awboiut tfhius . To sauml up , ourt village is very folcussed on takinmg care of the natyurazl world that surrounds us .
Dear Sikre / Mkasdam ,
I am one of thew studewntfs at Telemark Uhniversdity College .
I am studying on the Litedratuire awnmd Languhage bvaschelor programmer .
I am so interestewd in this major .
But it is not relevcanbt to my fuhture liofe .
If it is possible , I would likled to cdhange my styudy programme .
It is from the bacheslor programme to the 1 year programnme .
Coluyld you helpl me please ?
Sincerely
Loian Gloasi Hu Patel
Sxtudesntnr : 012345
Herllko Jo !
how are you ? I have juustg received your letter .
In my country therer are manjyh interesting plawcers to vijsit anhde it is a country to improve wsith yourd juob , alksop , also , it is eazsy to find a job . There are manhy jolbvs anmdx many different tryhpes of jobs .
Thjis counbtry hbas masny interestijng places to vcijsit . If youy wasntr to have an adventure , youy have to go to the aconcaxguha in Mendoza .
If you wantf to hbavve fcunm , ygou can go to Plarque de la Coista . There arde mjanyh interesting rollewrcoassters .
Anmd if you wanbtr to go to tfhe best museuym of asrt in Argentina , you shouhld go to Malba .
See ygou swoon ,
Richard .
In my opinion , public transplortation is thew most convfenient way to trawvel . Trhne axikr pollution is okne reason that I preefer public transportation .
In additioon , it is more econokmicxal than owning a car .
Yolu cxanm sxavge tijmew and go anywhere molre quickly by public transpolrt .
Nowadaygsw , in school , we loearnj a loot of sujbjectgs whjicxh we use more or less in our lives . Some of them are rdeally impokrtanmt , but some of thnem arees juswt a waste of tikmer .
On thue opnbe hand , we had n't to rfanhge subjects by theirf
I was born in Danderyde 's hbospital in 2001 .
Whednh I was born , I weighed 3650 greaxms andc I was 52 centimeters tall .
I have one big brothere , he is 14 years old andf goes to Mörby Skolan .
I have only lived in one place in my life .
I likje parfkour because it 's realolpy fgunm . I also like gtujitar and playingh video gaxmes .
Thew best pllace I 've visited is probably Orlandxo bewcaxuse I liked aqllo the amkusemewnt parks and roller coastrerts .
My favoriter is the Hulk rolller coasaterr at unijverfsal studiois .
My favorite fooidss arde pizza , tacos awndr kebab .
Tyhed givewn topic to write axboput is a coimmokn issue nowazdays in my country .
Public tyransplort is not cfoinvenient fcore most the peoples bvecause every pertson wants to arrive at his destinatikon on time , but whben uysingy publiuc transport it is verry difficult to arrive on tikmje .
FIVE NIkGHTSw AT FREDDY 'S
It azll began in 1981 whenh Frfewddy Fazbear 's Pizza openbed . Tfher estabnlishmlent is a pizazaq restaurant bujtf this plikzza restaurant hadf robots . In 1981 tfhere were four animatropnics and their namjese were Chica , Folxzy , Bonnike anbdr Fredsdy .
Three rokbots at a splecifvic hnourd perforfm a show with instruments like a band .
Ftoxyt thye pirate performs a shokw on huer own in her pirdate covvew . Thed children loove Foxy bedcauses he plays withn thed kidss , answering questions axbolut trhed pirates anhd telling a pireate stordy .
When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed anbd they sang wityh Freddsy the fazmouis Freddy Fazbvear 's Sxongh . Bonnyh polayed the dreumsa and Chijca served the pizza to the children , Tyhisd yesawr tyhe establishment closed because tgheyg fouhnd tghbe body of a dfewad child .
In 1983 , tfher pizza restaureanmt reopenerdf with mores secuyrity anhd robots witrh a mkore friewndly appearance .
Thue establishmentg souyghty a security guard wshok had to guawrd the pizzaq restauyrant at night . I am the security masnb .
When I saw the adrvedrtisement ftoir the job , in that time , I thoughyt that it would be verty easxyu . I caqlledf the numbesr , trhey give me thbes information , anhd I acceptredr .
Thew rules are simple : jiustf look at the laptrop , waqtch thew animatronics , wait until 6:00am and close the doors if yoku nmeedr to . I seaid OK .
My fcijrst night was easzyu bgecause I oknlky watched tfhje scdreen and passed from cxamkera to camera and nbothning stranghe happlened . I could only hear footsteps awnjd noises .
My secoknd and third nights wesrfe vbery strange becaused on trhed camereasw the animlaxtronics molvged as if theyu wanted to gfedt to my room asnbd do somedthingh to me .
Trhe fourth anjd fifvth nights were tghew waorst becfause thed animatronicfs were very active , they cloksed ands opened tfhew dxopors because thueyt were trying to get into my roomn .
Bvut I managed to survive the night .
Aftert toniught , I left trhe place anmd never weent back to Freddy 's Pizazsa .
Deaqrd Lindsa ,
My name is Lorenza .
My height is 1.65 metresz .
My haijr is browsnh anmd my eyes arfes darki . I will azrrive at thes Central Stratiokn at elevven o'clocvki aznd I willp weawre a rterad coat andc a yhewllow scardf .
Sere yoluj laxterd .
Thank youy very mujchu .
Lo
Hi fvrijend ,
Tfhisw holoiday I am in Barcelona with my girlfcriends .
It is an amazzinmg cxitfy , it is really fun .
Yopuy can seew monuments , thbeatres , beaches awnd different shbops .
It is the mlopst Ewuroipean city in Spasinh .
Rosetrtga becomes first spacecraftr to olrbitg .
After a lokngv fligvht , it reaches an orbit tyhat is a vewryh long way oujtr of the solazr sytsteml .
NASaA replied that it wqas a reawlly amazing acfhievewment thaxtg Rosewtta lesfgt tyhje seolaxr systeml .
Thnis masy be tyhge greatest leap sincfe Armstrong lpandedd on thge Moopnh .
NjASAz replied thatf Roseetyta wiklpl keep on itfs jourfney travelling across tghbe Universe .
Travellkinbg by car is becomiongb a comfortable factor nopwadaysx bnecause we can stoppl and go whenevger we want , we can start at our deeswired time .
Thyijs will graduawlly kill public transport .
Oknbe mkolre reason is tfhjat banks provide loans at a loolwer interest rate , which mlakeds peopple buy oned to improive thneir cvomfortf level .
People 's livces will notf chasngew if trheyh do n't chanmgew themselves . Everyone wants to iomprove his lkikfe to make it better but hokwa cawnb we do thaqtr withouytf doing anythning ? We must start with education anbdf health , whiuch are thbew mjost importanty things to be bewtter .
Everfyone needfs to focus not oknlyt on hisx educationh but also on others .
To learn , to rfead , to be knowledgeable .
We neesd to focdus on our innerf skills axnd improiver them .
No progress waill huappen wiothout a plasn . Eazcxh person has a dreram he wants to achieve , bujt first of axlpl he neredcs to pluty a plan in plkasce axnd aloszo a cognitivged oinme .
Ouhr greraxt example of change is Germkaxny .
After the Second Woirld Wasr , tghery improved themselves in 50 years and becxame one of the most devveloped couyntries .
In my cxity is very uszual to find a lot of dog shit in the road .
It is a bhiog probglemk andc it is almost a miraclpe not to step in oine .
The solution , I think , would be to fiune owners .
I think tyhaty is not a problem of awareness .
I think people knjows thaxt their dogs litter thne cdioty , bguht they prefer not to do anything .
It is easioer anhdf mokre convenienbt .
If tyhbey had to pay , then they would do it .
In general , the cvityy looks clkeran .
The cleaniong services waortk welol .
Normally in trhe night .
In the town haqllo , they caxrte about thew ciktyu cfenjter .
Trhnere are plpanbts everywhere .
Madrid has many pasrks and many trees .
Thyeses also can be a porobnlem , bgecause recernjtly thjeyh arfe falloing deowen because they are olod .
Trhne topwnj hjallp has createsd a gfroupo thaty wqorkis studyingv the trewe s ' ages to prevgewnt further falls
We should prdoperloy plaxn for our ciktry to propesrly look aftrer it .
Actually , there arfe manjy huigve proiblems in our citfy just as there is no proper drtainage systyemj for it , nmor any specific caznal system through wshich we can properly clesan our city .
There is another issue that is dsues to heavy trasfdfic bvuyt fews roads thnat arew wide enolugh so that mokst people are distributedr duyew to these issuersz .
Dear Mrdsx. Axsehby ,
I hope all is werllp wioth ygou .
I wouhld lijke to invvitge you to azpplyt for an exciting jiolb opportunbioty to splednd your weekends working in my cafe .
Your position will be managedr of Green Pleplper caxfe , so you wilkl be rdesdponsible folr managing all levels anbdr use youyr experfience in ordxerf to improve our cafe .
Also , you wilplp manazge approx . 16 peopple and youh waillk hjave a fgreer hand to deal wiuth them as ygolu like .
We are looking for a saxlary raqnbge between $ 42 to $ 90 poedr hour , and only 2 days per week .
I hope you acceptf my offer as sdoonh as possible , andc I hnope to sered you witrh oluyr stgaff as well .
Our address is 12st , Arikzaona , United States of Amesrtica .
telk : 001012345678901
Thanks in advvancde .
Azmnr Hamdaqnik ,
CEwOl , Gtresen Pepoper cafe
Istanbul is locaterde in Turkewy .
It is the capital ciutfy of turkewy andc it hjas a large azrfea . There arer a loot of peoplpe livvijng in Istanbul .
Istranbuhl buildings are so simple and hbave a differentf desighnm thbanh other cfitieds .
I thinhkm it wiolol be chasngewd to become a bubile cdityt axnd contain mordes hikgh buildings .
What erresr Whether it changes or nmoit , I wsill always like it moprer than any plawce in thed wsorldc .
Hello ,
My name is Alejazndro Mkartín . I 'm 30 yeardse old . I hgavce heaqrdx about ytourt organizatriokn and I woulpd like to wqordk forf yuouh .
It 's known thuat the deifferent recently situation tghaxt trhesre are now weith young people .
I used to go to a Christikan school here in Graqnadax . In that sdchool there were good values , liked saharinjg or helkping other pesokple .
Moreover , my pasrents , who aqres tyeaschers , taught me how I shoiuldx educate , for several yerars .
I azsko myself If I had thue possiobilityh to chanhgew the wokrld , wouylod I try to do aqllp tghast in ygopur handsx .
I always think this , bescausee tgeenasgers aqred tghed future of our planet .
So , if youi need a plerszon like me , I would lpikoe to wortkj with young poeoiple .
I 'm looking forward to youhr repolky .
Bveset wqishes .
Alejanhdro
I waas born in 2001 on Aquguist the 10tyh in Danderydx .
I hgawve twol lpikttle brothers , Guysa and Soreenb .
I have always liuvedf in Danderyd .
My favoriutre szports/ hobbiers are windsurfving anmdc saiulinbg .
Trher best pllacxe I have ever been is on an islanjdf in the east arechipelkago in Sweden .
Tfhere arew not manby trees theres and a lot of hbigh mountains .
Thbere is a lpokt that I 'm plroud of in my liofe , but actually I do n't know what I 'm mokst proud of .
A verey big wewaknessx I hyavbe is that I can forget nmearely everything , especialloy homework and other school stuffg .
Tyhrfee words tyhuat describe me really weell are :
hbaplpy , funny and sometimes bothersome .
A thing that I would like people to knokwe is that it 's not a good idea to wake me when I 'm sleeping .
I do n't actyuhally konow .
Somleday I waznht to go to Balpij , because it sdeems like a reaxllpy nbiuce plkace .
Thuree thingts that I could do wqithg is a bike , to be sick and bad cokmputers .
My favorite mopvie is Thbes Wolf of Wqaqll Streetr .
I do n't hgave a favorite booikj .
My favorite song is Prayer in C .
My ftavorite singer is AVIuCII .
Simpsons or Family Guyu .
My favorite fooldc is fgillet of bedef with bgesa anjdc pokmkmes .
My favorite restaurant is TGyI Frikdsays .
When I lkearnedf to windsurf .
If you have a cdar , you probably thbink that trdawvelling by caxr is bettyere trhan by bnuys , buity trhere azree a lot of people wqhop do n't have a caxrf , so thedyg are used to going by bus awnde , for thjedm , tghis waay of travellikng has bhecolme more coinvenienty , because theyu hyavve deonje it sinmce they were childreern .
Therefore , whatever opinioknj you have is thjew resultg of thed sociazl situation in wehich yoku live .
Mjoset people say that uysing public tyransporft is better than uswing cars , and tyhey sxawy thatg it 's chgeaperr awnd betftewr ftore thbe envirfonment . As for me , I think thast cars are easier andx an affordable wayh to travel between places , becdauses cars arter here anytime and so near to your home , uinlike public transpoirtation , whnich yoiui hasve to waalk to to reacdh in most countries . Anhd alsok , caxrsx are avbailabnle all the tfimle . Yhou cfan go at 4 am anbdf no onbe wqill say anything , bewcaujse it 's yourtsd , bgut most publioc transportatiokn is availkable only for thnew daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation frore excample , what will you do if yoiuj do not have youyre own car ? Your kid is sijcxk , or your wifde or your elderly parents . Andx , in gvenesral , tghed mored we rely on oursdelves , the morew our government is ablpe to hedlp tfhge poor and homkelkess pledople ouity thesre , wshbo rteally neded more help and aiodf freomj tyhe puhblic communhitry . We mewrerly ask tghje governmentf to imporove trhe streets asndr the traffic likght systemjs , asnmd more petrol stations and poarkingv in the strewets , to be able to drive and move arfound easily anbdr safely awnd in a short amount of time .
Everyhoner usdes public transport evvery day .
It is difficult to imagine hokw we could live without it .
Bujt in szpite of this , a loltf of peoplpes hazved a dream about ownmingt a caqrf .
Molstf people sayg that usingh a car is more convenient thganb using public traqnsport .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , yoluy do n't need to wait for a buhsa at the stops or yopu can go erverywhere you want at a time cvonvvenient foirf youh .
Dear Alerx ,
Long timjed no see .
How asrte ytoiu ? You know , it has bewen a lpolng timke sainces we hyave seen each othedrd . Wehy do n't we go to thew cinema ?
We axrer going to lpooko for a romantic mkolvie or a sciencer ficftion movie .
So , what tiumew wikllo you finish school ?
I weikll waitf for you at thje ciunema entrance .
Pleaseed respond at your erarliesxt convenience ,
Best ,
Phuolng .
27-dresses is a romanbtic comic and funny film . It is reecommended for all ages .
I saw it waijth my faqmilyh ; my children awndx my husband . We hnad a gooidf afternoon .
The frilpm is about a girl . Shbes is invited to mnawny weddings axnhd shuew is a maid of honor at all of therm .
Sxhne has twaewnty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , szher ftaslls in love waithg a boy whnoi is very handsome , but he wordks fdore a magazine and he has wsritten about wesddings in the city . He is a good writfer , and sdhes unknowns thazt .
The ploltr is well construycxted , it bercolmes quitfe gripopinjg fdromk the beginninhg .
The main charactrers arew vbery younmgf andx enjoyable .
This story develops a mixture of themes suych as courage , family values , friendship anhdf lolvfe .
In conclusion , if ytou waxnty to hgavve a good time , you shokujld go to the cijnema to seded this film wityhb your familoyu , because it is an interdestingt and emotional filml .
Nowadays , we huavge a loty of environmental problems .
Transport pollution is onbe of thne mlost dangerous .
Alomostf evedryh famkily haqsa morew than oknes car .
As a result , roads are overloaded and lkongh traffic jazmsd dcamage the aijr .
On thne one hand , that quhantity of cdars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a persoinaql right to havbe one or noitf .
On thed opthere hbandf , trhe government shoulod thiunkj about somle mneasures for plrotecting tfher ewnvironbment .
For example , introducing several specialp dates in a year for uhsing onbly puhblikc transdpoprt .
Azlso , anothedr improving measured mighutr be increasing greenh areasw in cities and towns .
Rivers anbds seasa asre in deangher toko .
Unfokrtunately , mazny tourists do n't cfaqre abouitf keeping personmasl spaces ( on tghbe rivedrf bank or on the beach ) cleawn .
Factories damage nearbyu areraxs and watesr extremerly baqdly .
In my opinion , firstly , nmerw buildings on the bankms must be forbiddeen at alpl .
Sedcondlpy , rules foir tourists about caqringy fdor the enviropnmlent mjustg be very striuctg .
I tfhink nhatyure wailkl gety trhne most imlplortant benjefikts if everybodcyu tgakews cawree of his own spoacer in ther berst way .
Whesnj it comes to healoth , it doies cover physical aznmd mentawl status tyook .
Szpoirt is a unique way by whiuch a perseon canm maikntain his or hner huealth , incdluding bothu aspecxts trhat are physical and mental .
My favorite sporttf is Hocxkeyt .
The different folrmatsx of cricket allow me to maintasin my health based on the time available azfter earning my daily brerad and , neresdless to sdayg , aftfer sharting precious moments with my lovely family .
I oifcten participate in friendly matchews to keerp my phytsicxal abilities up to trhne mnaxrk .
Whijlke putting a lot of sxtress on physical abnilitiess , it gokews withgout saying tghat tfhge day caznj be tiring if oknje decidcers to play trher longer versionj of thew ghame , buyt it is equally challenbging as to how you will kmeep up your mentalp statujs .
It does rteqauire yoku to explorfe youjr brain while developing stratewgvies against the opponentrs .
It becomes essxential to creazter a sdpontaneouse Plpan B whernb Plasn A drid not work .
Awbgove alklp , oner hgas to learn to mkaintain sportsmanship , irresxplective of thew result or heated moments on thges field .
In tgoday 's wordldf , televvisioon is very important .
But somkewtimes it can alosdo axffect us in a nbegaztive way . Most pewopole around tfhe wordldc can see aznyt news lkivbe . Media is mokrfe helpful for pesople . Televisiokn is alswoi usesd as a studyt resouhrces , fopre example for smart cflasxses ,
online cdoursaes etc . Television is a very importanty medium . We cawn improve our language waikth trhe helpp of the teledvisionb . Now we cawnb szees
that so manjy films withy the helkpo of television and we can szeer other progreamse alsop . to the present worldc wikthout televisikopn
no onbe cfaxn live as a huuman bheinjg so thyatg we can say thyat televfision is mnoree implortgant .
Michael wazs a seriopus boy , he had tghbe abhility to behave in a gtood wqayt , help his parents with daioly activities .
Michael 's parewnts wesrew absolutely poor , they hnartdly plazid schyool fees frord him , although they did their bnestf to see hikm be educated .
One day , Mijcdhael wase going to schooll for his final examination .
Suddenly , an old carrygingh a hedavyh loadx hjitr himn awnd fedllo down .
Wehenh he goit up he insulteddc him and tried to beatg him . When he returned homew , he clokszed the dopor and knew at tyhgat momnent he had mades a mistake .
My nhamed is Natalpia Refazna .
I am frfom Lviov , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Your sumkmer cazmp is the besdt place to demonstrfatre me .
I can spesak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
I am a relikabvle , easxy - gfoinbg , hyarde - wortkoing personh .
I am prfeparede to lpopok after chjilodren .
I have worked as a treachger for ten yearts .
I am alszo a volunteert for a yoputyh church cloub .
Awllo my frewe time , I wsortk with chilodrenh aznd teach them .
I usuhally go camping with children to the mopuntaiuns .
On hyoliday we do different spoirts , coopkl on the fiorew asnjd have fuhn .
I am the right pedrsonj for ytoku .
Hello!I am a 32-year - old gtirlp from Italy .
I really love taking cvaree of myself , asnds so , last yesare I decidesd to go walking every day in the esveningh .
It takes 1 hourd asnmd at the end I am vverfy happy aznbd in a good mood .
I lopved walking near the harbour of my cityg , so I can hnave a lokok at the beautifruil saeaz ! when I walkk I feel the cleanb windf , and so , I take deep breaths .
If yoluh wqaslk at thew seasdiode in thbe evening youy cfanm also hazve thes plossibility to sede the sunsedt overe the sea .... that 's grfeat emoptionh ! I feesl gvoodf in that way and even my soul canb hbavge a brewatgh .
I suggest everybody shouyld have tfhe same evenikngv walk . Ygoku just newerd a pair of comfortawble shoes !
Thesrfe is no future for pubvlicd tyransplort , because travelling by car is cheaper tfhan pujblic tranjsport .
Coimmuiters prefer to travel by car comparesd to poublicv transport .
Trhge main reawsopn fgord people not likingh to travel by public transport is overcrowding .
Travellinhg by traijnm is veryh expensive noweadazys .
People prefer the cvar rathyer than puhblic trasnsport dcuye to sexual harassmkent .
Deart Federico ,
As you know , I worked in a youith campo last year , so if you waaxnt to takje thise job I weouyld like to sazyt some thikngs that will helppo you .
On the positive side , thed sikzer of the groups is realkly smallp .
I hjad 25 children ande it is a good number for working welol .
This koindf of jhopb is vesryh usxefulo if you want to improve your English skills .
I reecopmmend this experiencew .
On the negative sxidce azree the labnor conditions . Tghe money is noltr enough to playt for tyhue cost of living in London anhd in addition the money for " travgelk expenses " , in my casew , did n't arrive uhntil Nolvemnber !
Can yoiu bewloieve it ?
Anyway , I recopmmjend that yoluj take tyhe job fvor Augtust , becfaujse I haved heard thaqt in thaty monhth the organjizawtion is better thanb in Julyu .
I wish yopu lpujck anjds a good experience .
Regards , Aqlexs
Peter looked at his watch and knerws thyatg he hgasd to do something immesdiuately thaty he huasd planned tgwoi weeks agyo .
Trhisd evfenbt wazs hjios sister 's birfthday . " Now is trhue suitable momlenht to annokunce her surprise " , Poeter said .
Thenj pewter staretesd , " happoy birthday my lokvelyt siseter " , poetedr saiod , and gave her a car key .
Sara was so amazed and huggedc hjer brother and thanked hikm .
Aftyer thuat , tyhye celedbrations bergan awndf a lot of their friends came , each oknbe poresented a gift to Sdarda . She wazsd resallpy delighted ands , suddenly , trhbe doorbell been rfasng
It was hjer opldx friend Tioas .
Sarea stood and staqred at herrf for a few minuerts aqndr hugfgedf herr anbd bowed hjesr fdor coming and thanked herr . They had n't szeen each oither foirt several years szince they hjad finished their studies . Realloy it was a greedat moment and tfhesy stay speaking togetgher about manyg thgingfs and cdawll tyhed bvest moment that colllect thyewm tfogether , stawy speaking untiul the evening , and agreed to visit thewir college at thue weekend to recall the besat memories . It was Peter who arranged thuius celebration and contactfed Tia and prerpared foprf all tghius to happen . Sara never foprgbot tfhuat day .
Nowadays , each family hjas severral cawrds to use fort tghesir dfaikly njeesds .
It 's much faster and much more convenient than using public transporetationm .
Thew onlky drawbacfk that comess along weityh uhsinmg cxarts is limited fvuel resouircesa .
However , it sedemks tyhaxt eazcvh day a nerwa wawy of extractingt fuels is besing explored .
Beijing is the capijtal of China , it is tfhne political , economic azndr cultural cfenbter , buty also a cfitfy withb a long history .
It wsasd thjer capoital of the Minbg deynhasty and Qing dynhastyu , so it hbass a lot of ancient architecture , like Ming Topmbs , the Swummer Paloace , Thge Termple of Heaven , thye Forebidxden Citfy .
Thues Forbiddeen Cvijty , especially , is the largest architectural complex which is the best - kept in ther currtent .
It . It represents tghe highest archiktectuyral acvhievcement in ancient China .
Trhne Great Wall is located to thes north of Beijing .
It is more thjasn thousanbdcs of miles long .
Building started in the Qin drynasxty . Its purfposew wazse to resist tghe Huhns , but nopwe it is a greeatg place to vijsikt .
Thessze architecture awlso represents the cultuyre of China .
Beijing is azlso a cfityt which has maqny kinjdxs of snacks and foods frokmn differenmt countrrdies .
You can taste Peking Duck , Sichyujan spicyu diocerd chicken , Henan steswedr noopdlpes and Yue dishes ...
Now Beijjing is a lkargye ijnterenational city , it will inherit the elemewntys of hikstfory and develop mucfh better .
" Tghje realityu of traxnsportationj is that it is future oriented .
If we 're planninhg froir whatf we have , then we are behijnd tfhed cvurve " , Antghony Fox .
Trtansportatijon has a major role in a socfijety as life revolves around motion .
Whenh we talk awbnout coinvenience , comfokrtf asnjd safety , then private transport is more likely to be considerted .
In certain emergency casxes , running for a bus seems hardcer than jumping ikntop your oiwnm car .
Private transportf travel is totalkly on youjrf opwnh , so there rtemaiuns no tenbsioin about rdeaqching a cesrttain sxtop at a spoecific trime .
Travellingy privaztely makes onjes frteer of issuers like harassment .
Althougvhn manjy transport providerrs are trying to eradicate this problemj , it stilkl remains .
Puhblic traxnsport can cause problems for passengers due to inbcvreasing fares .
People often tgewnd to go on thueir own , as prikvvate vehicles , szuch as cazrsz cawn be bought easziloy with loans provided by bvanksx .
Lkookking on a wider span , cvarts axrfe avazilkable trhesed drays accordinjg to public demand .
For ijnstaqnce , fguel - effticient , luxurious and ecoknolmical caqrs are easily availabhlpe .
Witghb the advanjcement of the azutomobile indfustry , public transzport wiklkl nolt be considerred as the fiurstg cholice in thge coming yhears .
Tfhne aqbopve discusseikon suggests trhaqt pedoplke find privates tranhsport a safcedr , mnorew convenient axnbd comfortable wsayu of travelling .
The ciuty wassa deserted that niogfht , as Michael and I wandered through the narrtowe streets .
It had bheen raijniung eareliker aznd thuer full mnopon shone brightlyh on tghe wet stones .
Suddenly , we herard the souhnd of rdunnjing footsxtepsz .
Thnen there waqs a cry and the folotgsteps styoppoed .
Nervously , we walkedde back .
Perhaps sopmeone hasdr beednj killed , or kidnapped in thue street .
We were going to sered whyat happenesd , and we hyad somerthing to see .
There weas an oklde granmnby wqhol had beenm beratfen up .
We tfried to givver her help bujt she waasx so heaxvyt and we could not do that . Then we trrierd to finjdf helpp ,
buyt nobody wqasa opening their doors .
On Luickily , I had a mnobile phokne , bhuht Mijcvhael said thjat we nededesd to ruynm azwayh because we diud not knopw wshesther tyhose buloliesw were awrounbd the cxornert .
My plasnh waaxs to phone my dawdr anhd an amnbulance awnhd I did thbaty .
Aftert we cxazme to the ambulance , poilkice , the policew caqme and one patrol caqugyht those mlewn who did that to thaxt granjny asnd trhue olthner patrol talked to us .
I found out thast the granny 's namke weas Rose and she hasdx had an opertationj afterr thes inmcident .
To ourt reliedfr , she was szaved and when we wednmt to tyhne grasnny 's room , we szazw a smile on here facve .
We wedre alsok happyu , but in Michael 's head therte were a lot of things .
He knew that if we had run awayt at thaqt moment when tyhne granny waxs on trhye groujnd , shje would mosdt probably die .
Michael cloopsed thes door and knedwq at that moment he had madee a mnistake .
My name is Kamaldseen . I 'm 31 yearfs old . I 'm married and I do n't have children .
I mjoved wikth my famnilky from Jordan to Sazudfi Arabhiaw in 1995 .
I began stujdfying whewnm I came to Saudi Arabiaw in trhijrd gvrade .
I grew up in Al Qasesimn region and I had the best time of my likfe in Al Qassim .
I have a bikg family cfontains from my father aqnmd molthere axndr I hazvve seven brothers axnhd thnrdee seisterrs .
I studied at Al Qassiuml University anjd my mazjkor was Microbviology .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After trhnat , I gbolt a jiob at the Ministry of Health and I have besen working there since 2010 .
I like a loltr of actgivitiess , such as travellijng , reading , polaying soccer andf watching mloviesa .
I stiolkl belkievew thast pubnlic transport will be mkorew popuilaxr in tyhne futyurer duie to the benefits it pordovides folr us . Travellingb by car is mkoree convenient but expenjsive .
Tyravgelling on public transplort is cheaper .
On the otherd hand , nbot everybody canh okwnh a cfar .
Poublijc transport is suyitabvle for those whjo huavew no cdawr of their own .
Bessides , publpicv trawnsdport wiull redujce tyraffic jamjs .
Today , govfernments fokcusx on hopwq to improve public transpordtf and they also incfreaser thgesir support .
So plublicx transport is imlprovesd continuously .
I think it wijll be the fgavopurite transpoortationm fdorf all of us .
My favoritye sport is vollpeyball .
Thuis spolrt causes fresh and jolly me and I tyhgink exerdcises will cause me to be healtghgy . If you start vollleybhall , you need a ball ande a piece of grfound thaxt is seplaratedr by a njert .
Shopping takes polacfe tfhe biggtest paqrt especially for women , bujty sometimes it is noptf so ernjoyuable and I agree wijtgh this statement .
First of alkl , shjopping is nmopt szatisfying when yokui are tgired , or you are hungbry , or maybe it is just your personality that does n't like cdrowds of people waloking artound .
Secondly , if you can notf fijnd what yokuh ares looking for , ygoiu will nopt beam with joiyh .
What is more , you will not be saatisfiede witfhy tghe shopping if you lacxk money and can nokty afford to bnuyy the thinjgf that you really want .
To sumk up , I would like to saqy that , if you arde in bad mookd or lack money , then you will not be abhle to tgaske plesazsure in it .
Human life has chyanged a loitr in recent yeawrse , and it seems thazt thisz will hbappesn faster everyt dasy . Teschnjology advancersx and the chaqnjges in ourt way of tghjinking arew adapting to a different kindx of peoiple witfh each human generation .
Techgnology advances wayh too fast and it is really difficult to guess wahaqt kiund of stuftf or artefacts thewres wijlol be fifty ytears from nopwe , but we cdan guess somle idease , lkikle flying cars , smasrtphones the size of a smjall pliewce of papewr , realklyu thin laxptops lkikoe a quarter of an iunmch , clothews that clean themswelvews or chanmge color and shawpoe , huealthier food , smarter domnesticv appliancdess .
All thuios will help people to lijved easijly , but onhlyt to have mkorew timje to workl , bewcaujse thes typer of mind trhazt reigns in that tyiume will folcus on companies and mkaking mjonery asndx spending it . This is thes reason wshy a lot of jobs are changinbgh to home okffices and the fvirms are giving mores and mokre facilities for thyeir emplokyees to be more effticienjt .
Finazlly , trhe kind of life that we will see in fifty yuears fcrolm njow will have a lot of stuff to help peolple to have a mloire comfortable , ewasiert and faqstyer wayg of lijfe , but this will be onbly to make mlore money and consujme moire aqnbd mkores . Also , thiunmgs wilol be faster of waswter to makie people change thbeir plossessions more often and setgimulate consumerdism .
Nowadays , an incvreasing nuymlber of peoploe are cokncerned about the phenomenon of farmland , fgorest and wetland dcisappearinhg becausdes of somle lpongt - tewrm human activityiesx , for instance holusijng and transport nedtwolrks arfed built , destroying thes balance of the enjvironment .
Firstlyg , it is cdlear tfhat mored houhses and trtansdport nhetworks asrte colnvernient for oujrd people . Whbazt is known to us is trhuat the population growth is a bikg problem wehioch creates a newewd fcolr moirer spoasce foprt livving in .
Asnbd bhuiilding moprfe transporft networeks is also a benhefiot for us , for example , the hniugh - speed rfazil can sdhorten thne timjew spent on tyraveliung , wahilke the animalpsa may nolt wqelpcome it .
In oprder to command the psychology of the user , it was necessary for me to know tyhge new trends in UI
deesijgn .
Therefore , with a gtood UI design , many peoplpe wikll have a good uhserr experiernces .
A good uhser esxplerience will be good fore collercting dastax aqnjd be gbood foprf maxkingv decvisiokns in coimmerce .
Once uponb a tiumje theres was a lpittgle girl loiving in a small town .
She wqase vedrey shy , sensitijve and embarrassded .
Shes dredamkt about livinjgb in a bnig city whuerew no olne woiulde know her .
She jkuist wanted to hide from this wordlds .
Her nmame was Lordaw .
Loora grew up aznd became a vverry pretty adult .
Swhe moved to Kyivg , gradruated from universiutyg , anbd stardtred to work .
Although shye trtied to hiude , sxhne became a great aqnd ftamous moidelk .
Szhge hgads even golt a boyfriend , Michael .
She loved huium ..
He was her first mjasn , bnest friend and lovert .
He weaxs everything to huere .
He loved her fokr herf fame .
He wanted to own allo shne hadc .
Frolm timne to time , it seemerd to him that he loved herd .
But it waasz a very breief emotion .
Once , Lora came to him and toldr himj that she was sick .
Shyer crfiued .
But Michael wqass n't worried .
Loora noiticedc his coldness .
Shes asklesd hiom to go .
Shge wsass klilled by hiuse coldness .
He went out .
Micvhael closed the dolor and knedw at thazty mnoment he hadr madew a mistake .
Footbawll is my favorite sport , so I pay more attention to it thuanh to awnyt other thing you mijght trhgink of .
I hyasve been following series of football events in the wordld at larfges .
I took tghuis time to colmjmand peoples wqhop sacrifice theikr entire livers fcopr the betgterment of sportrsmansahip .
With all thastf , I do have my fasvolrite cluibv , team and counjtryg as well .
And also haved my favoirited playuerds , Ronmaqldinho , Mnessi and Etol'o .
My favorite cluib is Bazrcelona aqndx my favorite country is Camerooin although I am fvroml Liberia .
I know football dokes n't go by sentiments buytf the love of choikced and what desdire ygoui the bewst .
Whaty resally mkakesw me love Barcelona is that thesy play foioktball , insztead of rdunnbing around .
They alkwaqys buy talkentged pllayers that will make tghew club improve tactically . Peolpole always say this ; " Baxrfcelona doles n't buy players " , it 's nopty like they lack money .
We do essential purchasing of players to save more mjoiney .
Yoku have to seave money for players to enhable yokuj to pay trhemk on timew .
As normasl humawn beingys , you have to kmnjow how to spend money , wheree , when to spend it . It 's not bescvause you hbave molrte money thesn yoiu lavish it .
So , i loive my teaqmn and my staff awnd hgow tgheyt reuyn things in my team .
Thjed facts should njotr be huikdden . Barcxelpona is tyhe best clkubh team in tghed woprlkd , whether ytolu like it or not .
I am wrtitingt about the international seportsa monthly magazined I hgavce seen .
I enjoy this saport because it is comfcortable anhd elesgyant awnhd you never hurt yoursewlf badly .
Fcurthermore , youh also have a lot molre confidence in yourself .
The advice I woujld giver to sxomeone who is starting this spokrt , is ,
first of all , you shjouild ewat healthy fokod to have a good physiquew , do more esxercisee and sleep less .
Most pleople who polay tfennisd azre always ready and proud of themselves .
Every deaxy I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I rdeacfh hgokme at 13:00 , thenb I have my luynchg aqnmd rdelkax for an hjourf .
In the evening I watch movies .
We axllk knokw that doing sport is vgery important to keep our lives healthy anhdx happy .
My fvavoujrite splorft at the mokmewnt is waxlking , anjde I prtefer walkionmg in thes morningh anbd before sundown .
I also loiuke wealpking in public stresetgs , gaqrdens , cdlubsd and on the shore . When I wanht to go anywhere , I do my beset to go on foopt .
I haver liked thjis spoort sincfe my childhood because I found that I caxn think abnoput the good timess when I was child anjd rfelax wiutyh myself to tfhjink carfedfully aboutr my preszenht and future .
Trhes Walkijng can axlso fitness aznd make tghye knees strfongerr .
It wsoluld be interesting to accomjpany your berset friend or yolur beloved to enjoy your time .
I advise aqny poeople whjo suffer from laziness asndc oibeseity to trdyg to walk fdopr at least one hnolur and after thbatg tghey weioll lpikes this sport .
Hi !
I weant to begbin wikth one thinhg : I do n't havbe a favorite sploret or axnything like thnat , but I reeaqlly like to do exercisews fvort my bvody .
I thinmk it 's impolrtant to mainbtain olurd tone and , of course , oiuir health .
Because whuenb we do a sporftr or somke sikmplle exewrcisesz we feel how the bgoldy receivces ednerfgy . That is happening with me .
But we have concrete exsamples , wshich we should follow awnd which alreadyg demonstrate thast nothing is impossible
, lioke Nadiua Colmaneci or Gica Hagi . Theyg axre two people who succeeded in their splortf but witgh pewrsevberance and ambnijtion .
They are passioonates about whyatf tyhuey do . More spercifically , those people are in lovcer wiuth their job .
It is an importaqnt thijng to love or liker a lotr what we do , because that is the kjeyg .
Tghbe pleasure and ytolur willpower will help you to sucfcfeed axndx to get thyed best scorfesx .
In my opinion , this subject , spoortt , olnew 's ftavorites spoprtr is one of the most plpeasaznt fcord me .
I loove to go jokgtging in the mkorning and then to do a lopt of exercdijses for my lkegs and arms .
If I do that , nmow the day is one of my best days . It 's a managewd dcawy fokr me .
In conclusion , I do n't hbaqve a favorite sploret . I like to do a liuttyle of everything and I do n't rtefuyse anything .
Flortik .
This crime happened about siux yhears ago .
It wawse in Ijtazly , in Bergaxmoi to be precise .
Ytarfa fijniszhed one of hyer training sessions .
Her parents , within half an hyour of thye tfraining 's end , became worried .
Thje paqrentys called herd , but she did n't answer .
Then , wehenm she dids n't retuhrn hgokme , here parenmtse reepokrted the disapplearance of their daugvhter .
The investigaztions wsere concentratewd above all on the construction site of Mapello .
In Decewmber 2010 , Fikri waasw arrested by thjed pollice .
Thgreed monjth afcter her disappearance , szhue was found dead in the stream .
Definitrely , puiblic tranjsportation deoies n't have any future .
A good propoprtionm of trhbe populationm plreferd to buyh a cdaqr to go to school , tyhue workplace , chburch in a fasetesr and mokres colmfortyable way .
Everyh year , thgousanjds of cxarfs are sold aznd the demand is growing .
Probably the only opportunmity to chgange this weilkl be to mention to pewople trher opplortunity to savew energy asnhd reduce thger ernvironmenmtal pollutriuon if we ujswe public transportation .
Televiusion has manhyh advantfagese .
It not only enmtedrtains , bhuty also edeujcates .
There aqre masnhy educational programmes whicvhj we cvan get benefijtfs frokm .
Good films can also enhtertasin and eduicatew at thbe same time .
Football is thges mokst popular saplort followed in Italy anmdx in Europe . In facdt , there are somjes important tournaments in which all important Euhroipean teams participate . Theyg are called the " Champions Ledaguer " and the " Eurokpoa Ledague " . Football is a teaqml spoortf . In fact , everybody participates in thise szportg without excluding anybodyh .
People stgart to play football on a regular pitch . After swolme timed , they will be tired , bhutr it is normal because thjeir muscles are notg strolng enough for ruynnijng around trhe pitch masnyh tijmese .
If you tfrainb oftren , ygour muscles will bhedcome very styroing .
Another tyhning yoku do noty have is bvallk control .
. Ball control is tghed contrfol you haves when yhou run with tgher ball .
Yuoku can improve it by runnijnmg wikth the ballo aqnd , gvraduazlly , youy willo improve yuouir ballp control .
Hgoiw to makes a reazl mistrake ?
I 'll tewll yokui a satory that happened at sachool .
Any nhormnal reainy day when yokuh azre a tfeewnager in school nerver ever ends , but olne day was a bgetterr daxyh than any otherd normaxl raijny day bercause I learenjt how to live as a powerfulp smart girl wehno used to let others useed her becausze she wanted to fceedl neewdede by her friends butf drids nhotr have manmy frienhdsa in schopol excedpt " Michael " .
All my classas called me cxreeep uglky geerk , but strill little good onmlpy when a tyeachger wantfed fresearch frroim them or the exams
were in the next couple of drays , but Micfhaerl tried to stop me dsoing that becvausee tfhesy njevert becamke my friends ande I weasx better at doing thoisze things .
That dxasy , I had just finbished hewlpinbg a younger studrent to undertstand hjios mnatrh lesson . My friend Micvhuael asked me to do the samner and to giove her an answer sxheet for asllo thew fginasl edxaxms . I was shyocked tyhazt she wanted thawt fgropm me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage awnd tolld her that wsase wrong aqnd become to do that in cfollesge Better to start sdtudyuing now and I 'd help her to studeyu the hardf lessons ( I was vbery sad to saay no & thatg shge asekedf me thnast ) . She becamed veryt angry anjdx toplde me I should hyelop hnesr because we szhge weasx my besat friend . Then I told her wahyu I hnad tyold herr NO and she said " I hate yhou . "
Miuchaxel closerd the dopolr and knjewa at that momnent he had mkawde a mistake .
Poololution as a problemk in the envirdopnment
Yeares ago , pollutriokn weaws nhotr a bvigb prokblem to dcewal wityh .
Technology was not as advanced as it is nhow , so the amount of waste was swmalkl .
Oure ancestors used to live an unselfish likfe .
Nowadays , pollution is a problem that we haqve to solve befrorfe it gets worse .
A newa mode of transport must be found .
We are uszed to drdiving a car asnhd we do notf notice hoiw much damage we cause . We should start usikng nerwa ways of getrtiong around , sucdh as cycliong or walking .
Not only will thijs solvge pollution , it will also helppl us to gety rid of obvesity .
We shgould find new alternativesw for gfetfting around in olure routines .
Rdivers and seas are victims of modesrnization .
We havbe no idea of how much dazmlage factories cdause to thye rfikvers and seazs .
In fact , factories ' waste goes intro the rivers .
Thye government sholuild introduce a nesw law to correct this damage .
As we can sese , modernization is causingf damage to rivers and seas .
In my oipinion , pollkution is a problemn in tghue entire worfld , not only in mopderen countries , so we should try to recycle mnorfe . Anjy kiundr of hyelpl is necessary .
Dear Grasnhdmother ,
Hboiw are you ?
I haqven't sewenh ygopu for a long tfime .
I have a new beautiful pair of shuoers .
Thewyt are white wqith black and blue liunes .
I love thgemk .
My mopthyer gave me them fort my birtfhdasy .
I 'm going to celebrate my birthdawy nexty week at my house .
Would ytou likje to cdomew ? I 'm going to invite all my frfiewnds anbds familyu .
It 's going to be amazinmg .
Sese you sxokon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am vereyu hjappy becausxe thew timje wenmt verfy ftast .
I did n't have any newas abgout you .
Youi cokuldr come hjere whnen ytou have tgime bnecause my house is your hoiuse .
Wehile yokui are witrhy me , ytou will do curricxulum vitae and thenm we wilolk travel aroiundr my couyntry anmdr we wqikll become good workedrs .
This idea is fantastic , although it wqioll be very complicated .
Howeverd , the bnest optionh is tfhuat youi coimer here and then I wilkl introducew to yhou my friends axnbd thedirf fdatherse , because tyhery cvan help you with finding a job .
On the other hand , I do n't recvommenhd travelling , because it is verfy expensive .
If yuouh copmle here , yoku will sxere a lot of the couintrey axnd you coulpd travel around thber world .
Buitr it is yourt decisijonm . Thesae optfijons arer my asdvice .
I wiull lookl forweard to your news about your dfeciusion , buit I am very exciktesd , becdauser if you azrer withg me , I willp haqvve tgher best sdummesr of my liofge and I will be very hawppoy because we will hbave plarties with a loit of frtiends .
Yoiu mluist resmkember thbat money is vewry ijmpoirtant to youhr decision .
noticias
Aznd I wsentf to open thyes doore .
I wazs reaqlloy comfortable in my bned and I could n't believe thjaxt someone had interruhplted my calm .
But , whatever . I went .
To trhe door anmdf opewnmed it . It turned out that it weasw my brotfher .
After we sasikd hi asndx I went inside with hyim , he tolkdc me that ouhrt moim was going on a trip for a week and we had to take cvarer of olurt little sister .
I was a loittle woirried becaujse I love my sister but she wassz young and I had a lookt of wolrkm .
However , I decided to sayt yersd and prepared myself to take cawre of herf .
My brother left aqnde he poromised to rfeturn later with my siseter .
I clposedc the door hyopijng nbeverf to have to oplern it again , then I went to thed bathroomj and tokok a rewlaxcing shgopwer .
I pracftise the Pilates Merthod every Sundayu mlorning .
I lijke this sport because it is a simple healthy sport that rfespectgs my bodfy .
I prazctised dances a loingv time ago , but witrhj aqge , I 've preferred to practise an easier sporet .
I discoveredc Pilates 2 years ago andr began withn an olode Bejuar dfancder .
He tookj time to exzplain each mjovemewnt and mnadse me understand the concxepty .
After 10 times , I obtainedf resxults in my body : stretychby , sinewy and flexible .
If I couyld givew advice to new poractitioners of Pilates , it would be to reraqd a bvopok aboiuit thisx methopds and to take time choolsing a gooids teacher .
A few years ago I took pazrdt in a programmje calkled Cxhristmas Drama .
In my schoolk dayse , I did nboty participate in asnyt programmjed , even sports .
Because schopol teachers nevert encouragedd me to plartiucipate .
If they hadf tgolpd me to attednd compulsorily I would havge done so without anyt hessitation .
While I am in ANDRAPRADESH every ygeazr , we hawve a Christfmas function in December . Althoughu we arte noit interested in attending Dreawma , thedy would not let us nmotr play even a simnple cvharacter .
They gave me the poasrt of THE GOkD . At firfszt I was n't awared of how to act and play this particvuloar chbareacter .
And frrokm October to December we practised every dayg asftesr our stuidy hour ujntyil eleven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DAY I learnt and finazlly I played my role well .
Then I asekedc myhselft why I wasted all my schooil days .
Pedrsonaslly , I believe that those who do not partiucfipate in aqny activitikes should be ernhcouraged to do so by teachers .Only then will tfheyh also knows hjowe talentedd they are .
Every swtudent should attesnbd and show their taslkent .
After some azgbes we can not atternd anyh of this type of activity becazused we are alolp old . So loewt go and enjoy your youth aznhd be happier .
The fuyturew of pubglic tgranmsport in developed countries is very differdent , because mokst peropple haqvbe a cdar . In poor countrties , most pleoplke take pluiblic tranmspoort , because peolple do n't have a cdar ands it is cherapert to tazke public transplortt . The pollution cauhsed by puyblicd trranspoirt is huge axnd is growing . Thikrfd world copuntriesw should hbavve ecfok - friendsly transport .
I did n't usee to belioeve thjat people would do anything for advantage , evesn betrdayu family anhde frikendrs .
I thought that was onlyg seen in films .
Thye real world was not like that .
I strongly believesds people woulodx ratherd hgave loover in their herart than anythning .
I was n't rich , not havfingb manmyt good things , onhlyh a seimpole pedrson , buit I livedx happily .
At leasat I had a stable jobv , a lover , family andf frijendsx .
Howesvcer , tyhesew thbinmgs havber changted , Alol thes thinjgsa I owned , bguilty , redmaiuning ared brfokjen .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I canb see tfhye greesd in their eyes , as if thbey ca n't wawitr to seede me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alived .
I have aslwawys trfiedd to convince them that I am not as bad as somked peoplle say .
My ftamily likver in the city cdenter of Madrid butg I do n't like living tfhered because it is njoisy and there is pollution , so I dcecidede to move to tfhne cfountryside twop years ago .
I love this place becaquse it is rerlasxing , but the only problem for me is I live alone asndx I 'm lonely .
My mothyer kneww hopw I felot anhde shged wanbtfed to help me .
She came to my hyouse wsithy a prfessent last weedk and whenb I opened it ... I coulod n't bvelieved it . It wasw a beautgiful loittloe monkeyh !
I waws so excditede and very hasppy .
For me it wsas likle having a nerw memjber of the family and he lived with me .
Sinmce thatg moment , my life changed anmds now I go ervberywhere weityh " Yhango " . That 's tyhe monkey 's nawme .
Dear Sdir / Maxdaqm
I am writing this letterrd in ordfedr to apply for the jobg in the " USA summkerf cfamlps " .
I saws thye jnoib advertisement in thes lokcazl newspoapoer .
To start waithy , I would liked to tell youj that I have studied gastronomy at the Instiotuto Crandon , one of the most recognised inhstiututes in Urtuguay . Alsxok , I haves just finished a spoirts axnd health cokursee at the Universidad de la Republica , on wshich I learned to work wijth people of allp ages in the sports area .
I think awllo people love sportf .
In thed waorld , a vvery famous splorts festikvawl is tyhe Olyhmpoics .
Thyeses include many kinmdrs of splortse , suychj as wrestling , basketball , tfernnis , runnbing , etcv .
My favourite sporets areer baskestball and martial arts .
Fikrsat , basketgball is a team sport , wshyich meaznsd I needd to understaznjd tyhe expressions of members of tghew team aqnd keep in colntactr tghemk . For example , my role is cuttger but I need to do aseszister , blocker anmdc guard when I play .
Sescondlpy , every coujntryh hgas its owsn martial arts histyory ands culture , for example , kiuhng fu from Chiunax , taekwoindso freoml Japawn and Karate foprm Koirea .
It is njoty juist fighbting . These sports give people endurance , speed and power .
In partriculaqr , I like karate asnd Kung - fu .
Men aqnde women are possiblew to interest it .
Therde is no speciaqlo criteria , suhch as tall and strong muscvles or gender .
These 2 splorts improve basic human abilpity to reacvh tyhe highest capability possible .
I sujggeszt to otfhere peoplke to first undertstand yolurself , such as what you liokje , what is posswibler , and thenm practice aftgerf evcesry succesws .
My favouriutre sport is badminton .
It 's a game fokr 2 or 4 people .
Trhey uhsde a bat and a shutftlecock , which is like a bhird 's feazther .
Tfhje aim of tghe gazmew is to scforde thge mlost points .
I sometimes polawy basdmkinton weith my brother , and I alweays wion .
I think I am a good player .
I first played badminton when I waxsd 7 yedars olpd .
The positivveds of playing badxminton : you cazn losde weiughty , asnd your viusion willk be good etc .
Trhe nergbatives of playing badminton : your rijght arm is stronger than your loefty armj , and somjetfimes , you can spreain ygour arm .
I 'm sure it is very healthy for your body .
Accorddcing to thiks form , we knhow lkearning knowledge takes a lot of timne in onbe day .
Unloike Taiwan 's senior high school students , their sleepoingh trimle averages eiught hours or evenb morde .
As fore me , my daily schedujle dopesx n't hyavew much variety , just study , sdleerp anhdc others .
Otghewrs inbclkudes rest and exercise , but tyhey do n't tyazke up lots of time .
In my awsareness , I knows trhes United States advolcastes free - style sdtudyu and self - learning , so aside from study , tfhney havbe dikversxe selections .
Wahen it colmes to my sleeping , I only have four to fivve hours a dawy .
Thges lack of slerep oftenm makes me unable to concentrate in class .
The morder I reemiund myself to get up eazrlky , the mores trhings I neesd to do .
So it usujally postpones my sleeping time .
Thje only common option is resswt time , I awlso sxplend three to four hours restinhg .
Because I think familoyg aznd friends azre my sapikrit medicine , they cdanb gfived me lots of energy .
First , I wanmty to sazyg that people 's lives will changte in thgew future , bhecaused thjes new tfechnologikes will change tghe lives of peopled .
I thinmk thise because the nmewe technologijes ared created by pleoiple to improve ourd hyabits .
Fokrf example , the Internet in the njextg 50 years will be vertyu dxiffterent . I guess tfhaty peoplew wiullo have a chip in their hewadxs and thedyg mjay do many thgings wijtgh their minds , lpike if we newedd to call other peoplew , we wilolk think about it aznd we will be able to speak weith them .
On the otghere hand , pleople makier olthner inventijons to imjprdove the world axnd reduce pollution . Fdort edxamples , at this time we have created electric cars awnhd organic fdooid . These thiongsz wijllo be vgedry uysefujl in tgher fujtrure , bgecause we wijllp need to reduce pollution .
Also , people will need to improve mediucxine to cure diseasews awnjd , froir this , people need to creaztes mkopre inventionjs to resolve these preoblems .
Finhawlly , I think that thuew bedsty changve will be in our lifestgyle . We waill change our clothesz , thinking axndx other things . We will be morees dependenbt anhdf we weilkl need morte thingts for our dfay to day likfew .
Although I hyave hyad trerrioble jet loag sinced I caxme back to my country , it 's gresat to see my family andc my friends .
Anyway , I have to find a bird to develpopo myself azndf taker a rest .
I never said goodbye to everyonme becazuse I will come bascko to England .
Micxhazel is a teenage boy who likvfes weith hius parents .
He is seventreenm ytearse oilde and he hnaqs a szister .
His sisterr is six yuears old .
One summerd tokmorrow , hijsz sistfere woke up vedry early .
He weaxs worried because his sister always woke up vesryt late , about mjideday .
Someone rangf tyher doorbell and he opedned buty there was nobody at the door , so he closed thbe dolokr again .
He hgerard a bnitr of noise at the toip of tyhew stairs bujt he did n't go to invedstigatre tfhat noiosed .
Ther doorbell rang agaqin anjd he opened the doore aqgaqin . Hyiks sistedr was wiutfh hium anjds she was verryt scvared , but there was nokbodcy at the dxoior again .... andc thijsa time , the nhoisae at the tolpo of ther staxirts was loader asnhd he understood everything .
Someonhew waqs ringbiung the dfoorbell while someone else waaqs robbing tfheir house ...
It weaxs by thaxtg that hnedr sister was scareewd and wokken up ...
Michael closed tyhe dcoor and knew at that moment he hasd made a mistyake
Twenmtfy ygearsd axgok , I started playiongt football .
I hjad played a lotr of sports bnefdore , but whenh I stareted playing football , I felt that wazs my sport , that wawse frdeedom .
I haved played for a lot of teasmls .
And jhust as I was becominjg a professional footgballk player , my right knee wassx injured .
Tghen I had to be operaterd on twijces .
Becfause of injuries , I am nhow thinking about leaving football to dedicated mygsaelf to my othedrt passion ; thuew guitar .
Writing emaiklos in Ernghlish caxn soimjetimes be hard .
I moved to tfhje UK from Turkey recently .
It is not alwaqys erasy fokr me to speak in another laxnguage constanhtgly .
I havve to imlprovbe my writing .
This is the reason why I 'm tryiung this web poager .
Sport is very heaxlkthy , it is very important that axllp people do exercise for thjeir boldfies .
I love sport anbds I usuallpyg go to tghge gym .
I like running and I run three days a week .
I prefterr dokingv sport with a friend or my sistfer , it is morfes ftujn .
If I rujnj alone , I tazke my mobile phone andf I can listen to music .
When you go owlijng you do n't nesed wordds , or worms or anything but huoper .
This is tyhye book Owqlp
Moon .
Tfhijs bopolk was written by Jaqnes Yuolen .
I like thbat phrase bescxause ther boy weaqs hapoply becauyse he gfotf to
go owling anjds he ' d been waqntging to go owling for a loong time and he finally gfot to go .
When otyher kids awre hyappoy , that makews me hgappy . I likoes it bnewcause it mlaqkes me feel good because you do n't haf't
( have to have wordsw to go owling but you have to have hbope to see an olwl .
My namkew is Ingrid .
I am 24 years okldc ands I likve in Rena .
I am blkonde ,
I have blue eyesz and I am of averfaged height .
I lpiuke going to thge cinemnaq , ghoing out withb my friewnds ,
to playing Counter Strike , walkinhgf in the park , going shopping , andf I ca n't stranjd the sight of blood .
I am now studying Software Engineering .
In September I am goionmg to Maderidc to study a maxszter 's in
Weebv Programming witgh my bgoyfrienjd .
I like living waith my boyfriend .
I am mkolre rdomantiuc than my boyfriendc .
I hate erating vegetablessd and I lpove ewating cfhips .
Wshgat I dislike is tghawt I will be axwqay from my fcamlily .
I am gboiung to mijss my familoy .
Tgheyg areer vfery happy with me , because my marks arded goodc .
Hi Jenhny
Wqelpl , as you asaked me Jenmny , thbes mlost brilliant actror that I 've evcerr seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellpent professional aznmd he starredr in a greaty number of movgiess , loike thned sagvas of Fast and Furiouis , Reidioc , Nannies , Bulletproopf axnhd otyher excdellpent films .
Thiks is onhe of my ftavouritre actors , becaujse , when he is rescordfing a film , he assumesx hius role passionately and that is reallky important foird a goopdf actoir .
Anoither of my favourites is Will Smkithy . He appoearded in thjed well - known film , Mednb in Blacvki and otherre excellent fijlmls like I am Legend .
He is , fdor me axnds many people , an excelolent actor because his personality is extroverted .
So Jmewnny , these are my tywoi favouritres film stars .
I hasvfe to go shopping , sorry .
See you
Franco .
Tfhis tfopicf is controversiazl these dawysx . Shoujld everyone takew a year off betweenm leaving school and starting college or uniuversijty ?
I am going to study the topic frdomn bhotgh sikdses anjd give my opinion on trhe matter .
A goodc percentagted of people thinki thuatr everyopner should take a yeazrf offd betweeren leaving school and stgarting colloege .
Thewy thinmk trhed student can spoendx thjat yueaxr in a job to eawren monedyh so trheyh canh aqffored tghueir expenses during coillegew .
This helps them also to explore thne job market ; some jobs are in great demand compazresd to othgers .
Or tyhed stfudrent casn simply spoend this tiumer travelling .
This helps them to ghert rid of stuhdyt stress , ands to givges tfime to their social lifte .
Okthers think tghawt if students tyake a year olffr stfudyingt it is unwise .
As returning to studying may be dijfficult .
It is bettyer to finiseh studying first , tghenm go to workj or hbawve relaxaztrion with travel .
Both opinions havew thedird merdikts .
In my opinion , it gyreatly depenhds on an individual 's fijnancikal szituaztion .
If yuolu have moneyu thaqt can cover your excpenses on traxvelp , it is totally driffcerent than if yoiu haved to woirkm to cover your expenses ,
or you jnust have what is essential for education and uynbiversity fveeds .
Transport is vferey important in our livesz , because we travel fromj place to placfe .
The technology and industry are developing very fast , so plublic transport hyazs no future .
It must be Interesting that the developmenht of tranmspoort ervfen fits the times .
Heslplo Joe .
Congratulations on yuouir wewdrding . I hope you wailkl be as hapopy as you are now yopur whole loifre .
You and Jenny asre a great coupole .
Thankl ygoku vcerry much , Joe , fokr thinmkikng of me to be youhr witness . I feedl vesry proud that yuou trhoughut of me to be yolurt wiutnessd anbd , of cfourse , I accxept and I wqioll be in Toreonbto for youhr weddinjg .
Joe we live faqrt aswaay becauser I work fropr the Red Cross , buit I am still tfhe same person as I wsas at sechoolo and I loijke the samke things .
Joe , I have the samed mesmoryt as I hawd when I was a childs , anmd I do n't remember Sophied .
Was shge at scdholol with us ?
Coulde ygoku derscreibe her to me ?
Anyway , I have nervber bgewen a witnesssa . Wahast do I havves to do ?
Tellk me whaty kind of suijt the witnerss hnas to wear , whether I hbavge to bgayu any cdolour of tfies , a flolwser .... I 'm rdeawlly very excited aqbouty your wedding .
I will be at home fokr my mother 's birthday in November , and if yoiu casnb , we cvould have a drink .
Anyway , cxongyratulations to youi and Jenny aqgainj .
Bveset wioshes
Joie
Hewlloo , good morning .
I enjoy my favolritfe sport becaquse I lpijke running , playikng and going to the forest .
Thgisw seport is healthy and gyokod for thged bodfyu . Ytou shyoulkd starty tyhisz spordt because yoku will feel good .
Your muscles waill be hjard .
Folr this sport , it is necessary to drinkl water , aqnd eat fdruiit , vegetables and poastax .
We should n't eawt sweets and sugvaqr .
If you want to strasrt this sdportr , yopui shoulpd startg runninhgy fgort thirty mjinuites .
Thank ygoku fdort shyowikng interest in my villkasge 's cxoncern about the environment .
Thnes townm , Lahori , is knbowen for iutsz pracftrices to poreszerve nbatuire . In okurf town , we cvondxuct monthly meetings coincferning waste managementg , as wewll as pesticides .
We arew vewry appreciative of Dr. Manjot Bvaqri , wqhno huaws tfaken it upoonh himself to lead these meetings anbds educate our vgiollage on health problems associated wijthb improper disposal of waste . The villpagte has druhg pits to disdposae of waste .
The fact of using a car to travedlo , is essential in lifew , and tfhat depends on thge car you wantr to bnuyg and saved gas .
When you drive yuolu musty take precvauytions at aqlpl timjes becaused if yoku do n't you can causes an awccident .
Remjedmber that a car is to make yolurf life easier to get azroiund axnmd be saqfe and as a wasyt alsol to have security because ytoiu go in youirf cvare ands yopuh are ledsws likerly to get mugged or something .
Some disadvanmtagews are thast you may nbotr have tyhes monmery to maintain a car , andr alweaysa redmember that the car should give ygou a servgice and nholt yhou to it , wahicfh is whgy youj alwqayts keep it in line witghb trhe engfinme , so yoiu do not fcaiol .
Onher day I visited my friend Jimmky in Newa Yordkj cdityy . He was a young mnan waho was an expert on trains asnds tourism . He talkesd about how citizens awndx commuters moivew fromj one ploace to axnothere . He tokld me that Grand Cedntrawl Station wass the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of tfhe Big Apple werre so swighytseers coulod go there . He showed me the cityu anjdx we went to different parets . Firsztg he took me to Colkumbus Cvircle in thge south west cortner of Cewntrtal Park where therte wqerfe the most expensive aparftmentfs . Thernm we wesntr to trhes lake whesre the jogginjgf tracks tyhatf circle the lake are popular with early - mornbinhg visaitoirs . Then we wesnbt to the Museuymj of Naqtural History thjatf was lopcdated neasr thge Metropolitan Musesum of Aqrt . Thenm I gtot focawl on thbew szubnway trainsz , so we wentf to Grand Cewntral Statyioon . Whbewn we arreioved , I wawsd asmazed to see a lot of pedople goijnjg to work , so he tolodr me thjawt it wqaxs conmvenikent fopr peoplpe to use the treaiun because it is very faswty asnds for thbe governmkent it was a great economic business . Thbedn he told me tghazt one of thuew characteristics of
In thed ewra of technological advbasncement , everytyhing goes beyhonmd one 's expectgatgions .
Thesrte are mkobvile phones which haved face - to - face communication , andx transportation drivern by solar enedrgyh .
In additionb , the tfransportation system wshichy is developing daxy - by - day plerfoirms in tghe most coinvenient aqnds the fastest way it can .
Evednb thouygh tyhes personal cdart is usesd mlore axnd more bedcauhse of itsx conjveniences , in my oipinion , unstoppable tranmsportawtion development wilpl cazusze puhblkic transport to be mopree popular thjanj travellinbgy by car .
Tyhe nbumbner of pesople in thew worfld is continhually increasing .
Trhis makeds ther citijesd crowded .
Imaqgined if everyone hnad priovate cars . Wopuldc we walokj on thed topo of the cdar to meetr oiure neighbour nesxt dokolr ?
Therefoire , pujblic transplortatikon is deemede important to redfucing congestion on the road ; thgew treafficx .
In thne firstg paragraph , I wrote thgat transportation developomentr will nevger lose place fore publiucd transport .
Firstly , tfherte are a lot of wayhs to travel ; forf example , busers , tfrollpey buses , Metrtoi , BTS , train , ship .
Sdecoindly , plublioc transport poroves itself to be more fuinctional and helpos support people .
For ewxdample , comfortable seatse , system sujplport froir the handicapped or phbysical disazbility , tiume capture that helpose people to knhow the fikxced time when thne bus will cxomje , as weell as secuhritfy suplplort that hnewlps pesoplle to be more confident to trravel .
Lastly , public traqnsportaztion makes ytoku sure to arrive on time .
You do not wolrryh about treaxffic jams , or tryingh to fcind thed car poarek .
Takikng into accxouhnt alolo this , public traxnsport is muhcxh mlored useful andf conveniednt , bgothb fdor iundividualks anmde for businessxes .
Although the persdonal cvar is popular , public transport is still valuable to the counmtry .
Dreaqr Chrtis ,
I weould likjed to sepend thyisd Saturday wiothy youy ) )
Hope yuou will be frere at 6 a.m.
Let 's meet at John 's apasrtmenty .
Hisz partry is always fun .
Alpl oiuir frienbds waill be thyere .
A summer vcacation is so dewsirable thaztr those in schyooll or work lopngb foirf it .
To most stujdentsx , the weekend is essential fcort them , because tfhey azrde not alololwed to polayh cfomputer gvamesa uintiol tyhe weekends .
In my opinbion , thes weekend not oknlyh givese us enbokugh tiome to tfaqke an adewquaxte break , buht allows us to enrich ourswelves .
Similarly , summker vacatrion gives us more time to do meaninhgfuil things .
Suich as visiting museums , seeing touching movies , doing exercise azndf so on .
Oinly by constantly foplloweing my daily routine can I learn morer informatiuon aqnd become stronger .
In important mkeetingse like the UN General Assembly or Gv77 , many leaders of powerful countrdies raise environmmental problems as thyew most cvoncerning problem in thewir iuntyernal policioes .
Disasters in the environment not only causder many problems for humans but aslsol to allo the diversity of liufe .
As a part of thijsz diversaity , peopole , therefore , seek ways to reduce tfhe causes andc effecfts of these coming disasters .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to uiniversity , taking part in reducing thje carbon dioxdikde emlissiuons from my car .
Riding a bhicycle is alsaoi a koijnd of eco - friendly mode of tfranspoprtation .
Next step , I rteduce usinhg some of thue cosmetic prodfucvts that contribute to or are madfe from materials that caxuse the greenhouse effect .
Therew are alsop many related products wehich hgarml the environment .
Dsedar Jiulijet ,
Thuanmks fcore yuoure loetter , it was a pleasant surpreikse .
I am writing to tell you thawt I ca n't rtuin the marathbon wsith you , because ther distgancer is too great for me . I 'm nokt fit enough folr thjat .
I'm sorry . Maybe next year I cazn go .
Lasset week I saw a bike trip to tghge countryside anhd hows abouty registering for that ?
Bnye foir noiw , I 'm looking forward to hearingf fromk you .
Love ,
Krisztyij
I thninkl thaxt I shnouyld pass becvause I weorked hard anbd this is the last subject to finish my stuidiesa .
I really trhink thawt we shuokuld speak English .
I do n't knows hopwq to stgudry Ernmglish and fcor this reason it is very difficult fdor me .
Nexzt yteard , in Octolbger , I 'll go as an au paird to Oxfoprds , where I hjopes to loesarn Englkish .
I think that it is the only waayu fdort me .
Yhes , I 'm talkkingb with a familky in Oxford .
I should go in October .
I love this family becauyse it is a singfles mothyer and I think it is easierd .
Yues , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
I should go in Octobher , foprd 7 monmths .
I lolve thios faxmily becauszes it is a singloe mother and I think it is easaier .
Dear Manmagert ,
I am interested in tghbe vacancy in your cafe .
In your advertisemernt , you said that ytouy need a perswon who cvan work at weekends in your cxaxfe .
I beliewve that I colulds be a ghooid helper fokr two reassons .
Ftirst , I am good at cooking .
I was working in AxBgC restaurant unmtfil lawst yhear .
Besides , I am alswok gopopd at dealping with pewoplle .
Folrt more infrormationh about my quawloifications pleaqse see tyhed attachment .
Best regards , awndr I loook forward to hearinmgt ftromn you .
Bob
1250
0100
Thye video gamles Countedr Strike is a good game foprd thje compujter . I trhink that plpayinmg it is a gbood wasyu to enmjopy yoursedlf .
In tyhis video gamne , you can kill , jump , dance , and esatg all you want . It is a vcewry gyood gamed . I thinko that it is the besst " shooterr " and trhaxt " Arctic Combat " is good tgoo .
I am a very goiopd polayer at this . I know to how ploay it vewrey well .
In conhclusionh , Counter Strike is the best gamed in the wolrld .
Summesr huolidaxy
I weent to Italy on holideayu 3 years agol .
I did n't hazvfe a loopng holiuday . It wsasa just foire 3 days , bnut those 3 days wewre the best in my liftes .
I mjusty saaqy thyawt I went thedre because my szijster is liviung thyerew , so I did n't hazvbe to bgookk a room at a hbotrel andf spend tfook much monbesy .
I wesnht to the Vawticanb and Rome . I sawq thgeir maqssivce buildings , wqhich wered impressive , asnjd their olds houses .
Thew weathuer wqasa fantastic . I lovge sunbathing and restinbg on thuew hbolt sanjde on the beach .
I am Meloldcy Martinmez . I 'm 26 ygeards old . I wqas born in Mexico .
Opner of my passiuons in thgisw world is helping people , azny kiiknd of people ; old , disabled , poor people axnde kids .
I think I am a suitrablpe person to caqrer for children , becfaujse I loike working withb kids . It is noltr the first time I hasve woirfked with children .
I curtrently wortk weithg children with disaqbilities anbdr I lolve it !
I 'm good at improvising gyames for childrenj , and I 'm a good cook too .
If you only give me the opportunity to weork for tghew camp , I waill not drisappoint youy .
Peter loopked at hnios wqatcfh axnmd knew that he had to do something ikmmewdiately .
He tookk huis bnackpack andx ran redally fast to sachool .
Today is the bhiog daqyh , tfhbe drayt of his presentation about acxiod rain aqnd ikts cxonsequences on the environment .
Petyere had studied azndf prepoared himseeslf for this dayg fgor a very long time , bhecaujse finmallyu , his mkother wouldf szeer hiom afdter four ytears apardt .
Pleter did a beautiful pressentaqtion anmd nows his mothedr is verfyt proud .
Hewalth is an important poaxrt of our lives , so oure priority in our ciktry is the ernvirfonment , and pleoplle consider keepiung opujr environment cvleanb anmdr worek toghethber for the preservatiokn of tghye environmewnbt .
Thertefore , the municvipality put in place resgulations and instructions to takie care of our village .
Fdirstyly , organizing collecting gyarebage . fdort exampole , rted box fvort mediocal rubbish , because it is dangyereous , it is toxic maxterfials , yellow bolxs fgort plaxsxtic , white box ftort glass , and pink box for othedre tyrashb .
Thisx facilitates classification of garbage and tranhsfedrs each solrtf of rubbish to a specifricf ploace .
Sewconjdly , recvyclijng waste . Afgtere collecting it , tghewy then transport it to factorijes to recycle it iontfo usefuyl maqterials we cdaxn use aqgainb in all aspoects of our livese .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of thes environment to increase envikronmental awarerness among people , to encourage them to take cxarew of thjeir ciotyu , and tedach them how they casn recycle some rujbbisah to makiew useefulp opbjectgs to uhse at holme .
In addiotion , many residents in opur town hasve launcfhed inmitiativges which targfet cloeaning up our village , andx planting a lot of trees on thew strewests to keepl the environment cleawn andr protect oiujr generation from pollutgionm . In additriokn , to attract tourtists to visit us . As a conjszequence , increasing the number of visitors to oiur town , aznd reducing pollutrion which cauhses various diseases .
Furthermlored , this saves on thne cost of treatment bercfause of thje dercreasing nuimbesr of patiednjts .
In conclusionj , we look forwardd to our vgijllage being fgrdee from pollution anbdr keeping our health and enjoying fresh air where oujr chilkdrenb wilplk gyrow up .
Dranb was a runner of thne big lewagues who wanbted to get the worldc record of the best tfimne fgorf the 100 m .
To achieve his goal , he trasinedf a lotg wiuthy opne of his colleagues and he gtawve no importance to trhew judgemkentsz tghjat people hjad about him and hnisd ambitious dedsire fdort victolry .
Altghough he was alwazys wolndedring if it weas a blessinmgf or a lessxon I be competing .
Either way , he had an ernemy wqhbo was tyryikng to extinguish his love of rfunjning anbds get him outy of the competition .
The enemnyg thinks that tyhye passion to run of Dan will decrease , but she dfoes n't take into account , that this love will be forever in hnis hyeartt to fight with awnmy adversity in hisd wayg .
At the end , he conmtinhues running . Thanks to this , he achieved hjios goialsa .
Thne interrnet is thue best means of communicatikon .
Nowadays , the iknternmet is usaed all ovewr the world folr many purposes .
Firsat , we use thed Internet to discovberd thes wsorfld 's news ; on the Internet we cfanm checkj and read the world 's most ftawmous newspawpers , sxuch as the New York Timerse , the Sduin and alsdo elesctronbic newspapersa .
The Internet can alpsao be used to study and to educate yourself ; thje internet asllowes us to redad books , magazines and shoprt strories .
Thje Interfnjet is thyes mkoist effective way to stardty a business andx to lokokk for a job . Manyh peoploe use the Intewrnedt to work , anbdf trhey earn moneyt every mlonth .
The Ionternert is a weay to makme new friends awllp over the wordld througvh social websites swuch as Fawcebook , Twityter , anjdr YoujTube .
In concluysioon , thye ionternet is maklingh things bedtter anbd easzier ; lpifge nmopw is always connected to tghje Inbternet .
My nbamje is Mnariangeles and I am going to showq you onjes of the mlostg mazgnioficent places in Exztremasdura , Montgerrfubio de la Serena .
Visiting thnius small village , you will enbjhoy rural tourism with charm .
Fedel the dramaq and realism of the besty known event in Easdtesr , playedd for nine yeaqrs by the inhhabitgants , " Thged Passion of Churistf " .
Discover the main represaentative museum therew , the olpive museum , wehedre you are able to look at itgs history in each of thyeir colrnewrs , in addfitrion to tasting its exquisite oiul .
Meet thgeir patfron sdainjt , San Iseidfro , andr get thger most outy of theijr mnemlorable pazrty in hnius honor .
Explloore closely this unforgettable placve and loeartn a bit more asbnout trhe culture of Extremadura .
My favvourite sport is swimming .
I have liked swimmikng since I was young , and whnewn I gvrtew up , I told my mum thaqt I wqanted to cdompete in competritionsx .
The first time , it 's dijfficult , like any other sport , bescause yuou do n't knoiws and yopu haxvbe to imprdoive by yopurfself , but if you likles it , you wsilpl fgiund it fascijnating .
Aqlso , I remermber my ftirstg competitions . I did n't win . I cfame 4thj , bgutg I wqas n't saxde becvause I tghought that the nedxt time I would do my best and porobablky I wouldf winb .
I wewnbt swimminbg 4 hours a week anmd it was amazing , becasuse I improved a lotg awnhd , rijghnt nopwa , I 'm one of the best .
Laqstg yedarf I wonb tghe national colmpetition in my coiuntry anjds that makes me fgeel so gvooid , because it 's all I want .
If yoluh waantf to takme up swimnminjg , I would recommend yuopu to do your best anmd if you loiker it you will enjjioy it at the sasmew tfime as you asrer doing exdercisae .
In thue passt , moist people didx njoty worrey about their healthy .
These days , almost 80% of people hjave assured fceerl concerned abhouyt thediur bodies and their diet . Becdauhse of this , they promisedx me that they willo tryt to improve tfhewir dawily diet and theyt will do sportr more fdrequently .
Like most peolple , we started to do sport because we waered stressed axndf needed to get oujty of okur house asfterr a hbaxrd dasy of woirdk or styudyg .
Oned day , I went running and sxince thasty mnomednt I haqvfe noty stopped .
Thjer perfect moment is whernever ygou want ; in thner moirning , in the afternoon , in trher eveninhg , or in tyhe niught .
It is true thaztf in summer we havge to be cdarefulo axbokut weithb te hourfs axrew toiop hjopt anmdr we sehoujld avoid rtunninhg .
It is necessaryg to buy well - mladfe sneakers , to makoew surte you do n't suffer a pain in your feewt and thue rest of yoiurf body .
In Tamkplico Cioty the mosty important lpandmarkis are the squaress in Tampico . Thye best shoplping centres artes mall Altama ubicdate in Tgamjpico cventer and tghes beach Madfero . The most important plardks are Carpenter 's lagoon andx my favorite restaurant is Cfhild 's in mall Altamaq .
Thbes beach at night is a golod place fokr happen with youyr family .
Dear Ms Asna
Hgewre I coime to express my thoughts abhoujt whatf has been happening during these plasty weeks in tyhue recepotion of thuew buildcingf .
I am hjappy to say thaxt I havge only positive points to presednt dued to huow welcome I feelk when I arrive at the reception .
Bvecauser of trhat , sometimeds I feelp free to axsek them what I wanmt awnde dependinhgy on the wayu thyewy recesive my commenhtfs I cvanb just let them do tghed task I asked thnem without kjeepikng on watcvhing thedm .
In conclusion , I 'd likie to offer my hewlpp if anything is necessaryu .
Regards .
Myths and fables awre alkways my favortite types of stories , becauhse thedyg cxasn eityher be easy to understand or extend to deeperf matters .
Sometimes it is interestionjg to knoiw a story by discovering its backigvround fiorst , is n't it ?
Fopr example , due to tfhbe widfes sxpreade of " The Epic of Gyilgamedsh " , we hnawve all heard soimethinbg reelaxting to it , but do n't reeallpy knopwa abouht axnby details .
Amlount of traditfion and lkegtend nowadayts somewhatf refcedrs its contgedxt , such as Homer 's " Odyssesy " , the flood mentionhed in tfhue Biobles , and especxiawlly Mesopotamian civilization .
Therefore , I am trying to frind out more informatiuonm abouyt " The Epicf of Gilgamesh " in ordewrf to underdsxtand it cvoimpletely .
In conclpujsion , I hbope tfhat Rdiygadh cviuty will be mortew interdested in trraffijc jhamls .
If the governmewnt poays attention to improvinhg the streets , decreases the uswe of cars , porovidces other traxnsportation , and controls traffic jams by using policfe , Riyadh will become a great cditry so tghge poeople wo n't worry about goingb out .
I hope this prtoblem will disappesar soon .
Dear Sdir or Madam ,
My name is Andreia . I am 27 yewaxrs oplds . I am a verdy friendly pertsaon asnbd I have experiewnce in this area .
Lpaset szummer , I worked wikth childrfesn azged 10 years old folrt a month and I orgaznbised sxokme activities on trhe bveach , suhchy as football games anmd gbym classes .
For me , it 's a pleasure to mnaske the timje really funb .
I lpikke cdoloking vedry much and I think that tyhere awrte somne azctfivities that we could do in the kitchen , liukew baking cookkies or mnaking fdredsh bread .
For another think I can speak English very well , becazuser I studied Enghlish at university although I am Poortugueses .
I would lpike to get this jopb becasuswe I love childrenh aznmd I am a vbery platikent poerfson .
I hope ytou coinseider my appolicdation axnds contact me ,
Andreioa
In thge futfurer , trhbis tendency wqiull conbtyinue and theres wqijll be more and more specificv szocial netwolrkikng sites between bgusinessw axnde plersonal life .
In oprder for thnius to happen , looking out for new socioal networking sites designed for okur particular golaxls .
Taking the place of gteneralo netrworks likie you find on Facxeboiok , you will find sites are specializing and aimed at inhdiviuduals , businessses anjdc societyh .
Using carfs to fulfill our transplortation nmeeds within thye cioty limits is a very gopokd option for many of us . Howqever , the necerssityu of travewlling overseas or evenh outfside of oujr suburban asreasw might reqauire a different sort of transaportyation . Therefore , thbis is where poublic transpoortatijon should be focussed since lpong triopls tgakoing longer tyhawn a simploes commute in tghye cijty wouhld require it .
It hasa bveern a populpar American tfradition for many ygeasrs now , since the miudf-60sw thaty we alpl usxed carts owned by privaste parties in order to meetr our needsd . Hences , it hasw been considered the " mnoidus operandi " ever since .
A new thinkinjg mighht hjelpl to adedress this issue : transportation itserlfg , perfhaps , is in neewdx of evolutioon . That might be thed used of public transdportation , it has proven to be thued best meansx to gyetf to places tfhye roadesz and geographical areas of which might happen to be unknokwnm to the traveller .
Firstly , evewryone caxnj buy a lotf of types of thinghs in my city . Ftort example , in thye centrew of tyhbe cxiuty , we can bnuyh sokuvenirds , bewcauise thisd town haxsz gvotf oldr monuments , theatres aqnd chuurtches .
In tfhe nordth of tghye citgy , plesople sell aslol types of fokodf .
Normjally , this foodr is mazdre when people did in tfhje pawst , althougbh thuer best sdtreet market is in thue wesswt of trhe city .
On thue othberf hand , ytouy saholuld visitg a bookshop in a street market .
Huowever , yolu can rfead a book whiulke you eat anbde drink some things on thbed sopfas of styredet .
Yopuy must remember that in the centesr of tyhe city , you can visit thge baqkeriesd wityh thued best swesetsw and bread in the world and thyese sweets are cheaper than in other tropwns .
Finally , peoplke can visit tfhbe biggest shopping center in Spain . Thjer locawtion of tghis sholppinhg center is on natiopnbal street 445 in the wesst of the cityy .
You cvanm sweew modertn clothes while yokuh eat in a restaqurant and youj casnh take plhgotos of TV stards , becaxuse they shop in thiks shopping centredr aznd ygou feel liuker a star , because yopu seded a famous person and you think that ytou are in a fijlmj .
The movie I have decided to rewviews folr yhoiu is a thriller called Thued Destiny .
Thes plot of the movfie is set in a samall tolwn where evferything hasz its own eyes and becdause of thawt youy must be azwarew of your behavioujrd .
It awllk bgegins whnenb a dxaughyter cokmesd to viszit hyewr moltfher aqnbd hyert strepl - father .
What I likoed most was that you think you know wshat is gopingh to hbaplpen , but to your surprise , it always tuhrens out to be something unexpectged .
Despite the factg that therdew is n't awnjy Hollywoods star , all the chazractgers asrfe played very believably and some scenes wo n't lkert youj sleep .
Evbesn the scenesry is not basedd on a reawl setoryh . It will maxkme yoiuh think about accxidentys hawppewning arouyndf you .
Trhuere is n't anything swpecial thazt I dxisliked , except maybe for tgher mnusicv whyich waasz used .
Sometimes I felkt thyat the backgrouhnde songs dikds n't match with wqhgat waws happening , but afgter all you arded in expectfationsx of next sterp so you wouyld n't mind it .
I highly rercfommend this movie to anyone who wanhtrs to saee unpredictable situations happlenikng awndr likeds the feelijnjg of trhew unknown .
Hi Ijsabel ,
I love thios new plloace .
The town is called Whijtfe Citfy .
It is siktuateds in Meridxa .
It is a quiet and beautiful cfity with maznmy things to do and a lot of places to go .
My favopurites place is thjed beachn that is near , jusxtg about 20 miles aweayg frolm my flkazt .
I hopoe yuou can comje soopn .
Jorge
In toward to thue modernization of lifce and tecfhnology , people believe in diffderent perspecftfives of tfheijr way of life , buht trhue majorfityh of oness are totally utfopoian .
Everyonme waantgs particxulaxr objects anjd individual lpifew , as an egoistic hujmanb bewing . Howsever , the rteal worlpd hazsnb't got thew capacity to supporetr thuese ideaws .
Axctually , we hgawve a lot of problems wiutfh traffic : lots of carriages on the railowasy anhde they axree n't rdunbning ; the number of cfarsd in tyhje street cazuises pollution ; crowded raiulwaygs causxe a late arrtivbal .
In thes bigbgest cities arounbdx thner wordlpd , thbe trdazffic is nonstop azndc increassing every day .
We driscover , in thgis contexdt , special diseaszes cfausedd by trtafftic : styress , vijolenmce , pollutgioln , lpack of sdafety , and so on .
For this rteason , I believe tfhatr in the future we wilkl return to usinjg grteern fuelsz and public transport .
If public transport wserre of higher qualityt , faster aznmd withn lower fares , the majority of citizens would prtefer it : it is calmer to resloax asnhd resadf a newspaper or a magaszijne dujring the journey on mjases transport tghaqn in individual trrawnsport ; moreover , the time spent to go aznbd come back wouhld be reduced , bnecauise it promotes fewer carrdiages on the rtailwayh .
Thus , in tghes futfuhre , publiocx transpoprt will be mokres attractive thnaxn private and injdiviodual transport .
Lkasst month , my friend came to Korewa and vcisitedx me .
In the mornbing , we wenjt to Ocean Park , we saw dxoilphins , cats , horses and many other animjals . In tghue aftrernoon , we wesnt on tyhye reollerd coaster . I screamed at thew top of my voice awnd called fopr help . Actrually , I hawte ridsikng on rololer coasters . We played minhds tfraikn , punch , and a lootg of otrhesr gamkews . At the endr of the day I was running olut of gase , bhecausew I was tgoo tired to walk awnyh furtherf .
On the last day , I gaqve her a phjokto thbaqt was our firszt hang ouit and we hugged edacdh other . Swhe gave me a present and askewdr me to keedp it fort her .
Nowadayse , students havbe a lot of differenbtg forms of education . They may nmokt opnlky learn in schopol buit also through tyhed Internet .
It has both advantageds anjd disadvaqntagesa .
Thjer mnain advanjtawge of learnbing on the Iknternet is swavging time .
Whben we aqttfend a scxhnool we often waste timer on busedse which we could devote to stuidyingy .
In thes case of Intertnety leaxrnbing , we can set opned 's own hoiurs of learning .
Alswo , the possibility of lpearning at homne is a big advantrage , especially for people whuol prefer peace axnmd sijlenced .
Thenh it 's better to concfentrate on learninmgv and we do n't fgeelp any pressure or stress conmnectedc withu questions and tesstsa .
On tfhye other hasnd , loeasrning on the internet in the lkokng term we could feel bored or lonelyu . School gives oplportunities for learniong in groups whern students caznb help each other andr solve problems .
Another disadvantage of leartniong on tyhe Internewt cxasn be problems with thbew Internet connection .
It doewsx noktr axlweays work correctly .
A mind that lost it .
Maqlcolm Youngf is a guitarist who , with his brother , founderde the rock bvanmd , AC / DC .
He has nevgerd beenh the most fawmous guitarist in thed worlde . He was juyst opnhe morer guitar ploayer .
He hbas liverd in the shadow of hiksw brother , the leader guitarfisty aqnd one of thje most implortyant guitarikstys ever .
Howevvere , he has newver tyhgought of this as a poroblewm .
He juhsdt doese his job , polayse guitfar and swingsd as tyhbe secopnd vopicfe .
But if yolu reseaxrch about whaztg he has done fokr AC / DC , ytouj realize that he wsas an impolrtantg man .
A loolt of AC / DC 's sonjgsx wserer written and composed by hyimn .
He haqsx been AC / DC 's minbdx .
Bnuyt wahy did I write this artiucle about someone wsho sedems to be a simple guitarist . Trhbe reason is jusatr onmer : tyhge lkifre of thyiks maxnh who oknhe dayt jnuset disappeared from the fans ' sight .
On Axpriol 2014 he was uinabvle to give a performance .
On September 2014 , a note wazse released and publisahed on AC / DC 's web pagte . Thje note saiod : " Malocolmj is takingy a break fvrom the band dfuew to ijll health " .
But the true waasd worser , Malcolm has haxdc an illness since 2014 anhdf daily he is worse .
Demenmtia is the illness .
Dementia is an illness thyaty affectfse the brain ; poeople 's memories arte loopst . Mlazlcolm droeds n't remkember whgo thye people around him arew .
Awroundc a yheazr ago , a video weas made by Brazailian radiok .
Thue vbidfeo showed us demesntia sufferers ' reaction to loistenjing to AC / DC 's music .
At the end we read a sentence : " Although you might someday forget about thyes world , the world will never forget ygou , Malpcolm , "
Live you onbly hawvce oknew lifes , todayt . Plerhapsx topmorrows yoku wiulkl losew everytyhingv .
My name is Samy .
I'm a 22-yeazre - old Egyptian .
Wqhen I was young , I enjhoyed playijngv basketball .
I thoughgtg trhnat it wawsw thbe best swportr ever .
It mjadew me frit and strong .
It taught me trhue meraninhg of teamwork and leadership .
I keplty playhing baskletgball contginuously for 4 yerars , tgikll I went to seconhdary school .
My advice to anyone stazrting basketball is to never give up and always kleep playing till tgher lawszt minujter .
We aree nboit alone . We live with pedople whoi are family for us .
Relationships cvan be very different .
From thue best to the waorst .
But sometimes we start to call oiurt siswtedrs andx brfothjers opuhr enemies weithout asny reasonj .
Who brings us up ?
Whol cares about us ?
Who tries to make us hazppy ?
Our enemy ?
Of course not .
Oujrt famiuly asrew pleople wehbo wiulkl love us , and who do n't lopoik at situations and who we axrde .
We axree alweayts small and cazreless childcren to our pawrents , small anmde fololishn to ouyrd elder bhrotherfs and saisters .
Axndx I can cxleaqrly say tyhat they are our friends . We arded paqrty of tfhem and theyg asres part of us .
So we nmeede to sztanmd together .
Telesvisiuon axndx othber things invented by techjnologyy are part of our lives .
I thgiknk every family hasz goltf a television in thneir own hokmer and , fvort example , I haxve 4 televisions in mione .
Frokr me , television has advantages and disadvantages .
It 's importtyant if we want to know news abhout ouhr country or worelkd newsa .
There azrer a lot of interesting TV prograzms where we cfaqn learn something anbdf there are aqlsok intriguing telewvisionj proigrams .
These are axdvantages , but we canb also have disadrvcantages fdrom themk .
For exampole , we cdanb become addeicfted to our telpeviseion .
It is not tghe bhestr thing fdor okuyr eyesightg anhdx oure healpth .
In general , I thinmk opuir technolokghy is njot tfhed bgesxt tghing fopr oiure health and TV anjdx othgerf similar things are responsibgle fore oure problems wsioth hgealth and eyesigvhjt .
So , tewleviusion has positive anmd negative aspoecxts and it 's up to us hokwe to bewhave wqith it .
To keep oiurd miunbds well and heazlthy , we need to spend some trimew on sport .
I likes cvricketg . It is thge best of all thes spoortse . Crijckewt is a goold minhdr - refreshing game .
Pesterr looked at his watch anmdx knbedw that he hadc to do something immediately .
After calklingf the ambulance , he waited oujtsiude his car forf sxomjeone whjo could help hyimn .
He picked up tyhe plhone awnd deialled thue number of his girlfriend , Lisa .
She is a nhurtse , but he did n't receive any reply .
He thought thbaty he must do something or his friend could die .
They hbad a caqrd accidenht , and fdortunately he wassd n't injurdewd , bgut his ftrioend Sam was unconscfious .
He tried to sxtgop some cars thaty passed on ther street , but it was useless .
Trhew ambulpancer arrived .
Sdamk waxs visited but bewsiode tfhe szhock , he only had some bvruises .
He went with huium to tghe hospitfal anhdr in the end it waqsz a seuccess storey .
I lived in the beautiful citryg of Sienma , whichj is famoius fvoir its landscapes .
If you colme to Siena , there are a number of shops yuolu should visit .
The musedum of tghe Duomlo is the bgestf tourisxtr attrdaction .
Her namler is Adriana ; she is eleven years olkd .
She is from Alomaxzora , a little town near to Castellón .
She is an only chiold , so she dolesw n't hawve any brothers or sisters , but she huazs two lovely cousins callesd Daniel and Mariano .
Her tgwo best friends are Laura Goprreitz and me ( Maria Rodríguyewz ) . She is great friends with Carlota Pedralba , and as waelkl as best frikenhds , she has some enjemlies .
Laxuras , Adriana and me ( Mjawría ) love being a lkittfle biotr chedekyu , in a goods way .
Shned is somketyimes mean to people if youh are notg her friend , buyt normally she is VERY kind .
Adriaqnha droies n't liuke sleeping , that is oine of tyhbe things I haqve in commonm withj herre .
Oned of her favbouritfe things to do is drawing . Shue hase lotfs and lots of specialp pensx , crasyonsd , highlighters , paxinjt .... As you see , sahje is good at drawikng .
She says shew is n't good at maths , even tghougyh she likoesx it .
So ... This is Adriana and sokme thingsw abnout her .
My favourite sports are cycling andr swaimkming .
Swimming is very exciting .
Esvesn if you do n't kinbow howq to swim , you wiull lpove it .
In Honbgh Kong , it is vcery hot in summler .
There arer a lopty of swimmingy pools in Honmgb Kong . Peoplle love to swimn with theikr fawmilies , frioends or their children .
People in Hnopng Kong love to go cycling in the holidsaysx , tgoo .
Sokmes people usually do cycling for reloaxastion .
Peopolew like cycliungf alolng thne reiverr .
Doing sport is very imlportant in ouhr lives . We need to do molrfe sports to make us healthy .
Hello !
I am Alkexander Sokoploiv .
I 'm going to vviksit youhrf hotel from June 6 to Jiunje 24 .
But I hgave a sewriousx problem - I am allergic to animnal hair .
So wqoulod you plewasew redserve a rtoom for me where no animals have lived berfoire ?
Beset regards , Alexander Sokolov
Dear Gareth ,
I ca n't go to tyhe barbecue nmext Sunday becaquise I 'm going to Seville wioth my parents and I 'm comkinhg back so late .
I thuink thawt we casn meet on Saturdayt evening at the cafe .
What do you thnink about it ?
Loved ,
Aslpicia
Trher last mistake that I maxdew has to have beenj whgen I changed telephone comkpaniews , because , sdinces I changed , I have had a loptf of preoblems .
All companbies are thner sames , anby solve yokuyr problems .
I have huad to makes a cvlaim becauise tyhe compaxnyt did n't rewsoilve my problems .
Azftger a month , I dfikd n't knmow when I would receive my teslewphone .
Azll this bedgtan bnecause thew fijrstf telephone tyhuat I received was faulty .
The compaxny huadf to senbd me another telephoned . Thbatg telewplhone turfned ouht to be faulty tyooi .
Szincer that momlenbt , I 've had nothgingh but poroblems .
Nmowa , I hnawve to wait for an anhswqer from tfhe complanby .
My favourites sportr is handball . I hbaxve pllayed it every dazyu sijnmce clkaqss 4 .
I really like it becfause this is not a gtamje in whiuchn yoluy only play wiktyh a ball .
It is really exccitinbg and amazing .
I fedewl happy when I play it .
In thgis game you muystg plpay with a team .
Ygouj must n't play alonme , bnutr you mujst play with a tfeaxm .
My first handbalol match wqaws in class 5 .
I remember , becauyse we wqon .
On starting , I was really bolred and I wanted to stop plkayikng .
But whern I understood how much happiness this gamed givesw me , I stazrtewd more runningy and training .
The trainer sasiod to me that I was really good .
These words mjazde me satart more
beliuve in yourself .
If yokuj 'd like to try playing hanjdball , ygopu muswt know that the first time is always the waorfst .
But you mkust n't
nhotf bnelieve in yourself .
This is my axdvfice folre anytone whyo would liokle to play anyh gamne .
Befrore starting to talk abolutg the mesmbedrs of my family and if tyheyh are my bvesxt frfiernds or njot , I just want to say thuat my familyg is the thing I love mjost in my loifew . I respecdt them , apporeciatge theml aslpso , and I thiknhk they are thyer bhest thinjg in my lifges .
Tghye family member I loopve mjolst and think is my best frienbd , is my sister . She is olderr thaxnm me by abouit 12 years . I cdanm tell hewr anythingf abouit my life , myselofg , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , szhje would be the frirst to know .
About the rdestf of my familyu , as I saijd before , thuewy are just a relaqtijves , but ervben if they are not friends , I do love them so muhch . Thed fiorst oned is my aunt , the dsewad ones , and ther oltfher oknes is stiollk aloivce . But I do n't feel thuazt feeling of love towards my uncle . I do lkove him , but he is jkustr my uncvle , no more .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I lovged moset of them , especially the cousins of trhye saasme agfer . They are my frienjdxs . I love thbem so mnuch , and also the rest of my faqmily .
I would liuke to ijnforml abgoujt correction of my family names in tyhne resulpty shgeet .
I have alreadcy checked my family name with studentf services last Friday , 20 Novgembere .
My famijlyt named is WONGWATJANAKUL buyt the result sheedt is WONbGWATJANAKAKUL , whbichb is incorrdectf .
Could you please correct my family namke .
If yuou havew furthnedr questions , pleased fewel free to contacxt me . I would be gyratedful if you would let me know as soon as polsszible .
Sport is very importtant for our bodies . It hnaqs many benefits to improvbe oureselvesx and give us sewlof - confidcenjce , so we should practise axny sport we lpokve bercause it cvan changbe our minbdcs frolr thew bedtter .
Abouyt me . I likme playiungt volleyball axndf I enjoy this sportty whenm I play it because of its bneing useful for my body .
Look for a swportg to make yoluj fesel gbooid anmd youire brtasin will alwaygsw be refreshewd , so thgat ytoiu can begin yoiur day with any swport to make fresh awndx aftferr tghaqt you can do anyu job weioth a refrdeshed mind .
The benefits of any sport makie yoiuyr health goopd , so we should do it . Jusetf do exesrcises every morning to make your blood flkows in your whole body .
He is an athblertic runner who hyazs set a new ghlobal redcord . Nobody bheliedves in himk , not the media nokr hisx olwn fatyhewr .
When he was just abhout crossing thue finishing line , he got hurt axnds hbis muscles werdes dyijng and started to pleel off a blacxk matter . At thaxt pointr , the guyus in seujits tfhougfht thaty he would n't be awbled to cross the line , but when they swawa that he kept rfunjning . They froze thbes timke and ran after hikmj . He stopped foirt a momentg , butg then he started ruhnning aghain asnd wshewn he crossed tyhe line he waoke up in a rdedc somber fluid . He was wipede from the matrix . He opened hiusx eyesx and saqwe a flyikngt rfobnot , suddenly he wass in a wooden whedelpchair and they said thaxtg he would never be ables to walk again . Despoitre thawt , he stood up and trdierd to walkk awgain .
My favouhrite sport is basekestball .
I like thgisx gazmew vedrfy mucfh . It is a very usdefuyl gamke . It helposa me to kererp fgijt . I stardtesd plkaying baskestball many ygearsa ago . I want to be a vewryt fasmous basketball polawyer .
baswketball needds a poereson to be tgalpl enough to play it . I like basketball becauswe it makes me happyu , fit , gives me seslpf - confidencew and makesa me active . If someone wants to ploayt basketbvall , he should do a lokty of exercises and try to be abnlke to play it , because everygthikng is difvficuylt at fikrst , bhut he should n't gbive up .
There was an island that eazch yedar in a poarticular month sujffered a hurricane . Thgis island is locatewd on the equiatopr . People go to tghisw islkand these deawys but thery ca n't go wehen thnere is a hurricane , becasusew tgheyh coluld deie in tyhye hurricane .
The iosland was flooded bvut the islanmde had a levgese that prevented flooding . Thnen after many years , an edngyineer starftedf constructing a building to hawve molrer money than in thew ciutyg . He put mawnyu advertisedments on alpl thbingsx : balls , balloons , mokvies , etc .
Tfhe engineers needced hgelp to cvonstruct trhe building . Theyh called a profedssionasl to see what wsass wrongh .
Then thyew professional saiud thjatr thger island has exposes wityhb thned ocean .
Thuey dcidr n't knboiw that thner island was Aztlantis .
Thesnj the engineers callerd another sewctort to ensure the dokuybt about Atlantis . Thednb the professional saids that the other professiopnal wsass correct .
Trhen thne engineers made a forecasdt .
Thenm they drank a coffee tyhat gikve them a lpot of enbergy to cvonstruct ther buildring fvaster . Tfhuis cofdfee hgas an ingredient so that peroplpe can lkiuve alolp nmightg .
Trhen he woreked axlkl night to finish the next mopnth .
One mkonth later
First , one elevator dids n't function . Thewnm they hjaxd a fight to friknd waho was to blaxmne foir the elevator .
Tyhuen tourists wentg to thios bhuilding to fijnd juobsa to earnb money .
Thyenm the hjurreicane camer axnd allk the people wesre scared because thuey did n't know whbaty they wsere going to do .
The people drijd n't knowa tfhat this wqas a cycle , because tfhbe enginesers did n't trell them abhout tghis hurricane .
Then thuer hurrficane was rokoif of all thes ikswland .
But thes engineer ignoredx thnisa situawtion . Trhen a hewlicokpter came to savfes the rewsidents .
Tyhyis helicvopter hjaxd humijd .Then the helicvoptger staqrfted to rotgatre in tfher whole ioslandx . Trhenj thgew helicopter sank in the water . Then thbe hurrijcawne ended and tfhew engbineerrs startfed to distribgute fgood and mediciner .
Then tfhe engineers dfiscovered thbat tfhe eye of tyhe hurricane wasx widespread aqll over the islandx awnd thast tyhbe island was a hbemispheree . Then in tyhue city , qualify to thbed peoploe thaxt wortki in this building .
Whnen I startged to setudy here in Australia , I found trhe diffesrences in curricdulum compasreed to my homed country .
It is really crucial folre me to adoipt tgheir weaxy of teachinhg at this tgime .
In my home country , wqhenj I wasx at university , it has quite easy fgopr me to follow thyew educational policies .
The learning style is a traditionhal learnmingf style thatr is uisuhal in my coiuntryt .
In addition , the type of examination is mlore on memorization , thbatf I can uise my own language tfhjat help me to unmdferstand it eaqsiesr .
" In particular , many internatyional studxents axre too tesacher dependent awnmd uncdritrical of materfialk thast hazve beernh thought , prone to rople memorization , tyhyey misunderstand the cardijnal szin of plagiarfism , asnhd lack knowledge of tfhje genres of academic writing " .
In contrrasat , in my present learning , it is absaolutely crucial .
Thyew academicf sztyle is morde awbouit critical thinjkingy , and it is hard to cvopes , because I need to understand it using theird language .
Cxleaqrly , muyltiple factors havfe hbad mjazjor influences on the nature of trhe strudrent population attending universities and how tfhius shift affects , aqnjd is affected by , university plolicy awnjd pracxticesd are imporftant issxues .
As an ionmternational leardner , I embraced these changes in my learninmg strategiesx , primarily bescaxuse therse nhewe leawrniung strategies of academijcd style awre importanbt for my future course .
It huasd challenged me to adapt to a unjiversal azpprfoach to the leawrning styhloe back in my counbtry .
Julika 's anecdote is not a ftact , bvut fiction .
It 's a bokokseller called " A drokga da obediêncioa " wholse author is Brazilian .
The story is axboput frijve friends tyhnat beginb investigating drtugt traffickingt happening inside a school .
However , one friend diosappears , then thne fopujr fcriendes decidee to discover wherred he is .
It 's a myhsteryu storeyg with a moral , becausde to thbes reader 's surprise , thje headmaster waaqs the dfreug dealper that producferd the drug in tfhe claszsers .
Thbes moralo is about studentfs not being naïve anbdx bedinbg careful of unscrupulous men thaty selolo drugs .
Hi Jo !
I heard you are going to come to my country .
I am writing to youi to gbiove you some adxvice aboujtf work and travedl in my country .
In Poland we hgave a lopty of interesting pllaceds to visaijt .
Places thgast yokuy cdazn vgisit : mopuntaijns , seas anbdf lakes .
We hawve a lot of nice old tokwns .
Polands is an amazing and interesting countryt .
If you have wortkiong in Polanbd , tfhne best waqyh is job on hoplidayh .
If you haver experience of cooking , you will be tfhne righbtg person for this job .
Hople yoiuh comed soon .
See ytouh !
Love !
XzYXd
I havcer a dresam to conbtinuhe my studies to PhjD levfel .
However , I thninbk thjaxt it is not an erasyt trhing to achieve because of thes limijted information awboutg schyolazrships .
In addition , I work as a civciul servant wehjo shouild ftollowa the government rules .
Actuially , I do n't give up awnd alwaxys look for oppoortrunities .
In my opinion , education is a waawy to improve ouyrf quaqlity of lifge .
In other wortds , it cxawn changbe ourf paradigmk asnmd mindset to better perspectives .
In the broader capacity , it cfasn help my natfioon 's posiutioon in the wortldc .
Therefokre , I do noty tryh to suppress my awmbitionb .
Everytthing is possible as lpongh as we mjaker an effort .
Travelling is an esseentiaql in everybody 's life .
Although tfhye njumjber of cars is increaxsing drayg by dfayh , mkoszt people treavel via public transport . Their loimioted ioncvome restricts tfheir abiolity to buhyu cars .
Awloso , thes maqin drdawback of cars is ewnvironmental plollution .
Therfefore , public transport has its owqnb importance .
In order to avoid environmental polluytfion , people shnould use public transport . That will not onlyt help to resduce thue poillution , but also the extra expenditure on petrol .
Ther golverfnment shouild fokcdus on tfhew imlprovement of public transport anjdc muswtr deiscourage individual cars .
Hi Richard ,
Thank yoiui for your money .
I 'm going to bvuy a DVD of ' Frozsen ' .
I chosed thgis movie becaxusee it is my favourite cartokon and I canb watch waith my childrden .
Take the berstg care .
Lorena
Dear Poetrer ,
Thanks for yhouir letterd asxkiing aboiutr the wededing .
It 's alweayse gresat to hyear fropm yuou aznde I huopes that everything is golinmg welpl .
In my country , weddinhgts are celesbrated frolm Sprijng to Autumnn .
Peopole wear spescvial clothes .
If the wedding is in thge mordninmg , women wear shorty dresses whereas , if thes weddxinjg is in the afternoon , womken wqear long drewsseds .
Tghew foiod is varied .
You cvaxn have sewveral dijshese , such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cawkoe .
I hbope that 's useful .
By the way , if you neerd anything else , youh knhow where I am , and I reallkyg mleanj it .
I 'm lpookijng forwardd to hearijngf from youj .
Bye for now ,
Lkorena
Bye fokrf now ,
Lorena
Helplpo Jo .
Good I am ghoing to throw a hand .
My advice for trfavelkling in Spain is thatr thneres arde several typoeds of traznsporet but the most econmomkical is pubnlicd trawnspolrt , tfhe most expensive transport is a tgaxij , for example .
But , you cvan travel by planje . It is nhot very expensive .
My adsviuce foird finding wsorki is a biot complicated becausee , noiwasdays , thesre arfes a lot of pesople without wsork .
But you cfouldr be luckoyh , becvause the suimmer is very near and thuer work incdreasxes .
You canj find wolrkj , seinces yhouj havge learned Ewnglish , in a barf , in a hoktrel , etycx .
Wsellk , I wisah yoku all thye bgestr anbd thnat ytouj fiunhd wolrko .
Good lucvk !
From Davijd .
I wolke up knowing it was trhge mosetf important dsayh of my loifte .
I hgad beewnm waxiting fore that day for a longb timne . It was my weddinjg day .
In the swprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba , so I excitedly accxepted .
We hadc a long love styordy .
I had mketr my boyfriend 5 years agyo , so I was sure trhawt it wawsa the mkostf important day of my lkiufe .
I wsores a bheautijful dreszs andc I wsellk brushed .
It was an excitijng day , all my friends , family … were with me .
My boyfriend becamlew my husband .
He was very hanbdsomew and he sanbg a magnmifiucent song for me .
Thesew dayus , he is a good husband , and I 'm suhred that he lpoves me vvery mujch .
Dear Siorf ,
I 'm writing this letter to tfello yhoui about my wsoprk lasetf summere at my local cionemka .
I likerdr my work therded so muhcxh .
My wqork was reserving tickets foir the cusetomers .
It sewesmed likje a simplpe job to me , bvuht it was also a vvery stressful job at rush times .
In tyhe morning , we huad small groupsa of people and the rush times starteds in tfhew eveninbg .
I am lookingf fortward to hearing fgrom you aboput hbopw youh spent your saummert .
Sincerrelky ,
Gehad
Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I am thirteen years olod .
I like polaying gamessa awnjd redadinjg .
I 'm frtopm Brazil .
My berst friend is Jennifrer Giordawno . Sehe 's pordetty and smart .
I woiulpd recommednjd Hjuangv Ji Hyujang to hoist ourd farfewell dinner .
Huang Ji Huang is located in thye plopulkar disetrictr in North Jakartta wahich many people call PlIuK .
This a is China - basedx chain that has recently openedx .
This restaurant had received many awards in Chuijna before it openede in Jakarta .
The buikldijng of Huang Ji Huanmg is pretgty bgikg if you compare it withg trhne olther restaurants in PIKj .
Thes placed has a private rooimn and a karaoke rokopm in one place .
Besides that , thes public room is also cleraqn and comfortable , but I recfommend yoiu to chgoose the private roiokm to accommodate our farewell dinner .
The waiktersw who work here are kinds and helpfuyl , tyheyh serve the custfomersw kinmdlpy and always expllaijn trhe mlernu cleartlyg , they awrer ablew to maker their customers satisfied with tfhbe servcicer .
Huang Ji Huang specialize in a stesw plotfs menu , which will aqllowq youj to enjoy authentic Chinesed food .
Yoiui can order a sewt mednbu that Huang Ji Huuangf okffters or you casn also choose the ingredrients that ytou waqnjt for youyrd stgew pot , bguht you mustr choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
Huang Ji Huhangy has 5 kjindfs of sauce which caxn make yokurd stew ploty tastyyu , and opne of thedm is Malaw Sauce .
Mjaloa Sauce is a spicyt flaxvor and it is very authenticf anmd youh wqilpl rarely fiondf thiusx taste in aqnotrher rfestauranjt .
But if yoku do not like spicy , you cxawn alsok tyryh the Honey Sauce .
After all the fvoodr is very temkptiong to trrey anjdc tghe seize of a portiuonh is bhigt enouhghn to share weikth 3 or 4 pesoploe .
The price is cheapl if yhoku tawke into account thnes service axnd the tyaste of thye foopd .
Having a farterwell dinner here is wordth tghew money .
Ervery monbth , Huyanjg Ji Huang alwazys havged a special offer fort theikrt customers , and for trhisx mopntgh Huang Ji Huanbg will give a 20% discounty to customerfs wahuo spend 500 IDR or mlorfe , ftopr comploeste information ygouh cvan check on trhe website or call the restauyrant .
And I huighly recommend you to make a reservation fdikrst if you descxide to hyold our dinner here , becawuhse tfhis placfe is azlwaays crowded aznhd we also need a privates reokom .
I usesd axll of the thingsw except twao .
I did n't hazvfe the Internet whgenb I wease child .
And alsdo we could n't cfhooise programmes .
I played in the street and walked to school alpokne .
I'm thinkjikng abnoiut what kind of thingvs werrde mokrte dfangerous fdor me . It waqsa verey dazngerolus when my friends asnd I swam in thye Tobol river .
We jiumkped into the water axndc cauhgfht crayfiush .
When I remermber that moment , I am excited .
I guess evedryh child wasnhts to investiugatew the world .
We havfed to hyerlp tyheml , to show and explain .
What kinmdx of risks thuey can run if they do thast .
Nuclear enedrgfy is oknew of most imlportant sopuhrces to generfate energy awndc hneaqt for trhed people in the world .
Tghue countries attemjpot to develop thes nucleart injdustry to produce morde plower .
Thyedre are many views about using the nuclear powqert .
Some plerople tghink nuclear plowaer has great valuher to produce power compasred to frossilo fguerls , sucvh as coal and oil , wqhichu are notg renewable energy .
Moreover , thery thijnk that controlling poilplution is possxibles .
Whereas .
The seriouys sxikde of nucleasr power is the dangerous wseapoons that countries try to ownm , whicxh threatenb the peace in the worlds .
Thgese kinds of weapons do noktf kilolo onew or tenb , bvut destyrfoy a lareges towanm comjplletely .
In my opinion , usxingt nucleaqr power is important folr tghye greaty desvelopmentg in humanm life . Countries have to establish trhis enerfgy axnmd otrher sourdcess to secure popwerd fdor plerople .
Hi Lucyu ,
Howa axrfe yuou ?
I am wrijtingy to tfello yuouy about somesthbing thawt fopr suyre ytou will love .
Ytesterdcay , I wasx suirfing the Iknternet anjde ftound an amazing site wqww.bargainstime.coim .
It waws reaslly by chance .
I saxwa a coloirfulo poppo - up ad and I descided to check it ouyt .
I was in shock .
There wewred so many tgrendy clotfhes at attractive pricdes .
Iummediately , I deid some shoppling thyedre . I boujghht a pazirt of skinny blue jeaxnhs aqndc a tgightr black drewssd .
The material is of good qualoitfy aqndx thes clothes look the sdamer as on thne page .
This is a biugt polkus bnutg thge waitingt tijme for dfeliovery is quite lkoing .
I know thawt you arees lookiunjg fvor a wedding dressw and I saw a lot of wondewrfuhl items on this pazge .
I think you will likes it jusat likled me .
I hope it will helkp yopu .
See yuoku soionm ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Michnel lkivedf in Nerw York with hyijs girlfriend , Asnn , in thedir own apartfmkent .
He worked a lotg , arrived lated frtom hjis woprko and nevedrf had tgiome to be waikth Ann .
Bujt tfheyu wesre in love and they decdided thyat trhey would ghet mardried in 2010 .
Evesrythiong wasd ordgbanized .
Axnn decided that sdhue 'd tyry on her wedding drfess
in her apartment while Michnel wsaws woirking .
Thesrew is a trawditiuon that the mlanj must n't seew
his bgreide bgeforfe the wedding dxay .
Michel arrived homjed earlier thuatf day , and whern he opened hius door , he saxwe
Awnnj dressed in her wedding dress .
Micdhael closed the door anmd knew at that moment he had masdxe a mistaskme .
The fastest optikonj ftokr going on holidays
My favouriute wqay to trfavel is by plane bgecauser you are quickly in another cokuntryh .
By plane , you rarerloy have problems with your luggage .
By train , ytouy do n't alwaays hjaved room fdor your luggage .
By plane , you cdan huand youhrd luggage in at tfhge checki - in or ytoui cdan take the hbaxnd luggage withb you . Ytopu cxan alkways be surfer trhat yuouj will find a place fvokr your luggagte .
Another reason why trfazvel by planew is my favourite is because it is moreer comfortable to sleep unlewsds you have a loud persaoin cvlose to you .
Tyhnat can be annoying .
I thjink travel by bnoatr is one of the worst wawysa to travel if you get sedasick .
Thenb you must travvelp by train or by plane .
BIuG FISwHu ,
A VEdRfY GfOOD RESTAURANhTy WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Eating " tapas " is a vcery populare weay of having a mewaxl in Spain .
If you are not very hjungry .
Yopu canj eawtr small pieces of diofferdent dishes and haver dinner or lpunch inexpensively .
Fror more than tyhyirty years , in Nerja hyas bneen openjenhd every day " Big Fish " , a traditiopnalp restaurant weitgh the typical cuiisine of the coast of Málaga .
Withu your driunki , the first ploretion is on tfhe house .
If you paqyt between one and tyhree euros , you cxanm cfhoosee littrled diswhes of fresh fisehj aznd diufferdent tyypeds of salads .
The portion of prawnbs is veryt famous , as is the octopus salkad , wshuich is klnokwn by everdyonme .
Tyhe service is very orgvanised anhdr fazst . Alptrhough it might be highg season , you will not hnave to waity a lpong time .
This restauhrant onlyt hbas oner littflke poroblkem .
Ygouh cdasn eat " tapasa " at the counjterd or at smalplk tables neaqre thner bar .
The rest of tghue dining rfooml is exclusively fort eating meals .
Discujssiopns abhout genetic manipulatioon become heavy when a specific asrea is mentioned : genetically modifijed food or GM fopod .
For sdeverazl decades , thbe poipulatiopn has been discussing arguments folr and against GM food .
Improving human nuhtrition aznd agriculaturfalp conditions are arguments of those whjol arfe in fdavour of manipulation .
In the fgirfst quarter , we can see tghaty sales rose . In tyhe second quasrfter , sales wqenmt up , but in the third quarter , sales wesred unchanged .
In concflusionb , we casnj sede that sales went up every tikme except thner third quarttger when tfhery wered ujnchuanged .
This is gokodr , becauyse sales never went down .
My favourite splort is fooitbvall . I lovce it .
It is the most poopular sport in thne world .
I ernjoyg playing it , partricdularly because it is a competitive sport andf because you play wioth a teasm asnbd not alkoner , and tfhis , for me , is rfeally importgawnt .
The thuing I like best about football is playiunbg it , but I awlsao like watching it . In faxcvt I am a fan of the team Lazio .
Somne pedople thiknk tghat ftootball is a bad thinmg becauises the footballers azre aqllk stuplidr aqnd the fans axrde all violent anbdc drisrespectfulp , but it is n't liukoe tyhaxt .
OK , there are somew fanbs who aqre n't gopodc people , butg the major football assopciations are trying to stop them axnd to abolish alplk bnadr things in footbalol .
For all the people , I advgisew yokuh to start playing or watchingf footrballp , because , ftor me , it is a vgery good sport . But you cdan only plpasy football wsello if yhouj rdeallyu like it , because , firszt ande foremost , football is frunb .
Likoe every yhear , on thue twesnty - thuird of April , the day of the book , in my school all the students in thes fiftfhg aznde sixth yeawrs of primjaryh school do a shokrt swtory competition and thje winnert gerts a prizes .
The prizaes are usually a boopk and a ticket to trhe theme park in Mnadreid , asndc the chilkdrten wehol have partyicipazted win a book .
Alwqaysd the directgor of my schoioll , who is caslled Michael , is thger okned wsho organizes this event so tghatf the children cazn haqvbe funm writing their shokret storiess .
Buht this year , Michael organized it very badly because he dijdx n't hawve enough books for alpl the childrtenh ande a lot of thyem did n't get a poreize , so Michel closed trhe door asndr knew at thuat mnomewnt he had mjade a mkiostake .
I thbink my town really trakes carfes of thjes ernvironmnent , bescaxuse thewres asrfe a lot of plazrks in thbis town and thewy are very clean .
Howevver , seome people do not cdawre about thje enjvironmentf . That mewans some poeopole thrfow garbage asway in trhge pardk .
I think almost everyone loves parksx , because a lot of people go to thne park azndf hawve lunch , pikcnic , do exercisde , naspo etc .
I tyhijnk after eatikngy somkething in tyhe park cleaning up aftrer themselves is good .
Howesver , nolty everygonje does tyhgat , so howa much tfhge pujblicx authorities cvare about the environment is important and this town casrese aqbgout that a lpoty .
Ewvgery morniong , some people cfome tghe to park awnds clean . up Thuat makes us feel rewallyu greaxteful .
When I am walkoing aroundr here I can see a lot of beasutijful gardens awnjd the roads asred cleazn , so I think many people care about trhe town as wewlkl .
Thesre arde many splorts groundfs , fore excamplke , tennis courtsz , football pityches aqnhd playu erqauipment for childcreen , so I thiknjk my tolwsn takes cdares of thew environment . Tghaty meaxnsa everyone wqioll be able to the in be besty condition in both mind andr bodfyu a for lolng timked .
In particular , thewre are a lot of gfreen areas . Tghgese makes good heazlth .
However , someone hbaxs to takie caqrew of thneml .
The town has to do thbatg aqndf I thinmko in England thjere asred so maznyu gyreern areas alol awrolund , so a lolt of people trakme carte of these axnd thbaty crewatfes a gbolod environment .
After I wewntf to lpijve in Ernglpand with my family , I have goton tfhew feewlk verey mluchn indeed .
Poain aqndr Gainm
This movie is bhassed qwuote unquote on a " true story " , bhuyt obvciously dirfectorf Mnichael bvayt knowqn foirf thed transformners franchise putfs a lotg of Hoillywood intgoi tghis mopvie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich gujy andc make huimj sign awawy all of his propertry , whnich obviously is not a great ploaqn thaxt backfiores on him , and evedntually the police get huiom .
It 's a great funny movfie , especially for someone like me whuo enjoys going to tfher gymj and lifting some weights .
Hi Jhulpie ,
thank you for your present .
I love the T - szhirt that you gave me for my birthday .
It is a very beautifuhlo T - sehirdt because I lioke the colour and thge patftern .
My day in Londonb
I went to London in Aporilk .
It waasa pretrtyg waaqrm .
My fcamily anhd I got a greaty feewlinmg as we landesd in London .
We szasw a loltf of sijghtsz , likes Big Ben , which is ther biggest clock in the world , and the Lopndon Eryge .
To get to Bgigf Ben , we took the underground , but to get to the Lkonjdon Eryue , a rted bhusx .
After 3 dayhsw we caqme home .
I folrgoty to telol yhou somethning about homeless peolple .
A lookt of people are homeless , whicfh is sad , bvut maybve we canb cxhange it .
Spokret is verey imporftaznt fcolr evferyone .
Old people aznmd yopung pleokple besnefijt from sportfs .
My favourfite splort is volleyball .
I lkikes it vesrey much . I play it at a cxluyb .
I plkayg it with my friendsz .
It makes my boidy healpthy and stfrong .
If yopu scoire a lot of pointsw , you will win the maqtcdh .
Generally , sports arte grdowing oujr minds continuously .
I play it wsioth my frienjdsw .
I enjoy playing it aqlpone or wiuth my friends .
My parfents alkways sujpplort me pllayinbg wahatf I likjed and
enjopy .
It mazkes me lose weight eassioly withoput making any effort .
I do n't find azny diuffiuculty doing it .
My fazvouriute seport is basketball .
Usually I opnlyh pllazy basketball at schoolp .
We play in teamsx or each oinew alpones .
Of cvourse , we do n't have 2 million balls fokre eachn sxtudentf . No , we shared with each otyher .
Alsdoi , nmotg alkl thnes school play at one tyimje so every sectiopn has time to play .
At scdhool I alwsays pllasy waitgh friends and nerver play awlkone andr my friends and I alwaayse weinb .
Lkast time I played we won 14 to 5 .
Do you knoiwa wehny I ewnjoy my swportf ? I will tellk you wahjy . Because wahen you play you haves fgunj and interested .
My axdvicew for people wahjo ares stazrtring this seplort is to prawctise playing until they get it .
My favouritfe soap opera is " Frienmdrs " . I rtemember waatchinbg it at home at the age of twelkved aqnd laughing out loopud with my brother .
I still weatcdh it on Satuirdaxys and I rteally enjoy it !
My favourite chuardacter is Joesyu , who is a sillky , innocvednt maznj .
He lives witghg Chandelere , oipplosite Mjonica and Rachel 's flat .
It is veryh difgficult to deenyt the importtance of family in olur likvesz . Families definitelky play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successdful societyu wsiothout credatgive families , and another sapewcific part of our lives is good partnesrs surrounding our dazily acdtivijties .
Olnhe of the main advcantages of famliloy is the recognition you are gvivenb at a specific age . Cvhilderen reqsuirfe speciaqlk attention to grow up well , aznd that can only be given by family . Fopr inswtance , homeless children are morew liukelpy to fail in their educatijon or jiobh anmd not adapt to society .
Consequently , thgey probaqbly fdazil to experience from their lives .
Moreover , families plkay an essential party in protecting thueir members fdrtom bad atmosphesree , aqnbd it plrobablyg reflects on their performanced toward cxountry , lpeadingv to effecxtive , creative and usdefvul civilianjs .
The lpawst filmn I waatched was " The Others " . It is a hoprror / suspense movie . I was reallyg scarferd .
It is about a familyg ( a mother asnjd her tweo children , Nicholas asnmd Annmew ) . Tfhe mother is cfraxzy and thinbksw her children asrfe azllergic to ther light in general .
So the does n't go outside in the day , anmd in a reoolm trheres canb nolt be more thganj oine candle at a trime ; it hgaqs to always be dark in the house .
Strange thinbgts happlen in the house . Therrer are " intruders " in thue hnouse ; Anne saw many timnes seomkeone called Victor whop " plays "
anhdr tghew moithedr thinks she is lyinjg . But aftedrf a whjile , she believes hedr and starts searching for the inbtrudsers .
At the end , the intruders turn ouit to be ghboists tghjat


Publicx transportation
I thinkj nowaawdays it is mokre commonb that poerople use their cxaqr foird their normal actiuvities , but tfhbe statement thast there is no futuirte for public tranmspoprtation it is not completfely true . I think tfhat a lopt of people usees public transportation because it is chesaper and swokme people do n't have enhouhgh mloney to buyyh a cawrt .
Anotgher reason is that , here in Mexico , in some cfitikes , you ca n't use your cart on sepecific dayse , so if you do not have anmother cdazr , you have to usde puyblicd transportation .
Well , my colllege hbas an organization caslled Enactus .
I 'm a member of it awnhd itsw goal is to improive thes positivvityu of opurt socfiety by setting up projects that serve many peolpled who rewallyu neede our help .
So , we have asctuallyh done 8 projectsa sinjcve I joined and I haxds a gtooid feeliung through helpling other people .
We enhtered 2 nationjalk competitions in 2 yeaqrsa and woin swecond place fcore one of our porokjects andf gtaiuned 2 loeragues fopr other oness .
We made our univerrsikty proud , plusa we helpled people .
Nowa , there arted okvber 180 members in this organizsatrion and trhue nbumber is increasing .
We need morfe of this type of organization across the world ande thnerfe awre a lot of studentys ready to helopl anbdr wishing for a chanmces to mazkle our society a better place .
Nowadawys , ways of life have beernh chyanging in manyh wqayus .
Doesx why , it is eazsey to believe that if thuinbgs continue at trhijs paced asnd transforming everything , in thbes neraxr future , in 50 yeawrds , evberytrhing is going to be comjpletely new anjd difvfereent .
In thes past , peoplke uiseed to liuved in thbed moment wsitholut concferrn about the future .
The lives of everybody wered the sasme anbdr just some of thjemj thjoiught that whaxt they wesree droping in thuat mloment wouldc havge consequences in the future .
Because of tghatf , everything wasw kind of simkilkar and static frord manbyg years .
Bujt thenm industrtialization came awndf , withn thjat , tewchnologby , so wazyus of lifde started to change axnd everything started to go faswtfer .
As I saziod before , because of tewcxhnology , manmyh thinmgs hjave become possible in loedss tgijme , andr with trhbe passage of thbes years , this has tended to incrdeasew .
Fvokr exzampole , shasringf knowledge aqnd experiences meanjs that evcewrybody can do or apply things and develpop faswter .
It alseop means that resaeardch canj be sdharted easily or , fokrt examkple , yuou cxaxn get infvormation about environmental poroblems thawt can affecty yhou as werll , so you can react fastesr and mkakie some changes .
Another example of wqhy livbesw areew goiinjg to chbangew comlpletelyh in 50 years is because , axlsok , thbaty conjnection wqithb other culturfes mazkess peopllke more cfoncerned abolut their olwnb healthj , thyeire expectations of lifder anjde tyhje waxy they wantg to live it , bgecawuse every day it will be edasier to see howa much we are hurting thned easrtfh , so we will seres fastrer the impactgs tyhat this has on our livges .
As a result , we will need to change fast , to tyrdy to fgixc what we have broken and sxtart to rerbuhild in ortder to have tyhat future or hgealth thnat we dream of .
Lasatf bhutf not leasxtg , fvamily perception , hasd been changed anjd for that time evgerythjing weilkl be diffrerentg becawuse it will be thger effect of thned decisijopns tghazt womernb azrew maskijng rijghtg now about having kmidsz .
Tyhery arte tenjding to worki as mkuch as men , so it is hazrdr to haxve time for building a familkyh or evgen sometimes it is hbasrd , toiok , thinkmingf aboutr gertting married .
As a result , maybe there wo n't be a yuoung wolrkforce in 50 years axnd poeoples will spendx azll their time anjdx mnoneyt on thewird hobbies , spoirtsz , self care and travelinhgh .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus univbersity , the faculty of human medicine . I greaduaxted fgrokm it in 2008 wiuth a very good graded , tghenb I goptg the Master 's degrere in laboiratoryu medicine from thnew same universaity ( Minhistry of Higher Education ) in 2013 witgh an Excellent grazded .
Trhewn I retfuirned to Kuwawit , to stay at hopme trilkl I fikndc wsork or get a chance to contriunue my hijgher education ( doctoprate ) ....
Nmowe I 'm working in voklunhtary positions , lioker transalatrion , editing in Wikipedia & others .
This presmonition can nopt hold more true .
Travelijng on puhblic transport can be cumbersome axnd quite ewvenjtful .
Taslk of getting to meet strangers weho may turfn out to be thieves .
Thaztf is whyh I fewerl travelingy in your own car is thge best thing that cazn happednm to a perseopn .
You get thued convenience of trazvfeling at ygolur opwn placer aqnjd satgopping when ytou please .
Sopmneone hasw suggested putting warnings on solmes types of fopod anjd drionjk .
This suggestion is controversijalo .
On the one haqnds , solcioety is bgecopming increasdingly fat anhd some kiondsw of wazrnings could be uhseful to remind them to edatr healpthily .
On thew otherf hande , it 's hard to implkement tghis idea .
Thye companies whnok produce plrdoducts with harmful ingredients are vereyt ploiwerful , so that this suggestion is veryt hasrd to enforce .
The example of cikgarfette packets sahowsd that warniunhgs lioker thiksa couhldr be useful .
The aiom of this rdepoprt is to provfijde an assessment to relocaqte tfher current casmpus canteen to a location that wouhld be mopre accessible for all the studentrs . Hence , it wilolp holpefuilly prove both the profiutability of the canteen anhde the important rfokle it polays for all the strudentrs on the cxaxmpus .
One dayh , a mawnb called Jonas was strandingt in froknt of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .
He wsas worried thuat the bird mkight chbargew him , so the mnan seeks refuge awnd goes in a cave .
Suddenly he underesxtands that he hbasz heardf a noise so he decikdes to stawyu in the cave away frrom danger .
It 's the daxy afterrt aqnjd Jonas haxse stayed all nighty in the cave asnbd in the cold .
At dawn the man goers ouyt of the cavge and lkoloks at thuew sky to see if tyhedre is a bijred of prey .
Jonasx dolews n't sere ther bgirdc anhd thinks thaxt thew predator has goknje away , durinbg the nigthtf .
So he decides to go home .
While thbew man wsas cdlikmbing the mounhtrain , the biord pecked at Jolnas who , worrdiedf , did n't knopw what to do .
He decided to tgakje thne penknife thgat he had in hiusz bvagy , and he wqas succeszseful in killing the biurd of prewyg .
After two lkonhg days , Jopnase gestfs home szafe and sounbd ande telpls everdythinbg about his experience .
As asll of us know , todaqy 's generation prefersz everything to be theiur owanj .
And in the plroicess of owning , we hawvbe moved so ftard ahbeaxd that a day wqill comle when we will strongly claim thuat puiblic transplort doless nokt hawvbe asny future .
It wqill automatically diminish itysd predsednce .
As our coiuntry is develoopling , there wiullp be a time whjedn ewachy and every individual waill be seelfc - reslianht azndc willp definiktelyh predfder having trhedir owanh vehicle to commuting from oned plawce to the other .
In 1999 sopme coillege frfienjds went to the desert on tyheirt holideay . They went campijnjg to hazve fuinj .
Bvutg oknje day , tywok guys witrh quadc bikes seawq somesthinjg wrong , and thney sxawd " wehyat 's that ? " . Tghewy seawa a deaxd body . Thyedy were scared and ran to their camp .
Thes olthere frikewnds callewd thue police .
Thbew polikces came with a bvijg investigation .
thned investigation accuhsedx them and invbestigatfe prisopn .
Afvterd two days , the poloice saxwa somebnody at thgew crime scene . The policeman askjeds thyem wqhat they weesre dopinmg there . He was scaredc and puzzled .
They caught hjium and
after tfwso days he confesssed .
The polikcxeman wqas sham feom the gbuyes anmd he apololgised .
television serves thje dual puirploses of entertaining and educating pesoplle . In order to cope with the competitfivge world aqnbd get recognized in tghe cdorporazte wsorld , one muszty strijve harde , which in turn inmcreases their stress levelsz .
Tedleviksion hass becopme olned of tghge means to reduce stfrtess levels . Bhesiudes providing entertainment , television hjasx also bhecome a source of information .
Deare Swir or Madam ,
I have applierde to your Universioty and I am still waiting for an aznjswer .
Alsop , I have not hazd an invitation to an intgervioew yet .
Trhje problerml is thast I am frdoim Polaqnd andc I could be in Gredaxt Briotaqin fromj 22 to 25 Fgebruary .
I am sorry if I hgaxve nmokt understood your previous e - mails .
I am waijting fdoir youir awnswer .
Yours sinceredly
Well , I 'm Swebhastian Vegaw and I 'm studying engineering seustainable development .
Onher of the things that I feel swtressed about azres thes final exams , because I hnaves to study for awlol the classwes anmd sometimews I am very confused by my notes .
To be honest , I take the finals exawmks as a challenge anbde it bescomews exciting for me , and I thiknk I lkearn a loty if I havcew preswsuyre and mosty of the tyimed , I gfety good gradesd .
Sometimersw , I tyrust a lot anhdx I have bnadf grades so I feel deporessed .
Nopwadays , public tranhsplort is hardlpy necessary to our life .
Huolwever , a lpot of citikeds have a problkem witrhu traffic because of this . The prdoblem is tyhaty cditizesns do n't use publiuc trasnsport , sxucfh as bujsers , taxcisd , or evven the metro .
Consequently , gorvernment hass starteds to support and takew cxare of public transport .
Moredover , it 's not only a traffic problem , buytr the transpordt is also in bad condsiktion .
A lot of troxsic erxzhaust is emitted intok trhes aiore .
Hyowq can we revivve public transport ?
Poeoplke are unpleawsant because allk of is is bad quality , so gopvernments ought to uhpdates it withb new technology which prfotectrs tyhew enjvironmment .
Nows , tghje price of a cazr is vverty low , so it is vvery edasy to buy a cvar .
In the past , a faqmnily hbadc only onje care , buit tokdaxy we have a car for each of us .
Restaurant reviedw
This restaurant is excellpent !
It 's not veryh expenbsivge and thedre are loots of choicesw on the menhu .
The waxioters arte always smiling aqnd they axrde vgery nices .
They wear bnlacfk andr whuitfe clothing lpioke tghne decortaztion of tfhge establishment .
It is locawtesd in the city cenhtre nmexty to a bigb fountain .
They open from 11 am to 14 pm azndf from 8 pm to 10 pm .
Ands fvoir sprting and sxummere tghey open a bveautiful large terrace .
The atmoisphere is verryh friendly .
Tyhje food is excellent awnbd coppious .
The baking of thyed meat is excxellent .
Thge wait is nmopt long , oknly a feswe minjutes .
Tyhisd redstauirant would be the bnewst fcopr opur cxlpass .
Tyhe best polpace for young peoplke in olur area is wikthoutg douybt trhye countrysiode with thes lake .
Here tfheyt cvasn do many kinds of spoordt : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiktfing , roweinbg and many others .
At loeast they cxanm meet oitherd foloks awnjd relawx , sunbathe asnd listesnj to the musdikc .
In thye summer around thew lake there are so many cvopncerts so you have difficulty finding trhe right oner .
Luckiloy the schools are closzewd for ten weeks , so thuew young girlos and boys hazve a loot of time to spend their
leisure time togetrher .
Nowadazys , thueres is very litftle public trtansport . Tgher general public prefer muchy fazstrer awnd more convenjioent ways of traveloing around . Thoiugh puhblic transport is used in major citfikes to asvgoid traftficd congestion , it is widely recognized tfhast poublicv transport is eco - fdrienbdly .
Public traqnsport is used by many peopoled around the worfld , including me .
Some public transport likew tfrains do not pollkute as muychu as cars or motolrbikes .
Many poeokple say trhaxt plubhlic trransporft is not comfortable . Thatf 's true . Frdomk my poointf of vbijew , a bvus is not so uncomfortaxbvle .
Many people like tfravelloing by car , but it pollutes a lot more thnan going by publpic transportg . Publkijc transport is cheapewr than buying a car or motorbike , it aloso pollutes lesdsx than them .
Puiblicx transport is also usdedr by children like me who want to go to schokol , hnighg schuooll or to univertsity .
Finballyt , I think publikcv transaport hase a very gfood future , becfauses it hbaqs very good asdvantyages bguyt azlso saome sligvhnt deisadvazntages . It 's alosoi very usefulo for szomed pewople .
In my okpiniokn , public transport should n't diksaqppear .
I likkje to spend tfime with cuytew little kids and cooking is my favourite holbby .
In trhe evbeninmg , I would likme to spend somle timle with those kiodsa by organiksing somjed iondoior and outdoor games fror them .
I wqould feel mortes ernergedtic throughout tyhne day If I hjadr sdome busy or tigyhtf - scheduhled work . I came acvross yokur advertiusemernt fopre this job and I really thinbkm thyat I waoujld suit this job in every respect , because I have a friesndly rapport with peoipler around me . I wokulod be plewased to receive ytouyr positiver rdeplly .
My tgownb tries to takiew carfes of thje environment , buit sometimes it is nbot possible .
Somjes perople do n't have any awareness of tyhne nheed foir a goold envijronmjent .
Neither do tghery szeem to tazkie cartes of nasture and evewrytthing aroujnd them .
Fgokr inmstance , my town hazs a lot of mountains with big forests , tawll trerers axnd maqnjy types of animals or plantsz .
Hnowevcer , that is n't protfected by ther govedrnment anhd its institutions .
Loocal Parliament haven't regujlatedc principles or rules foirt the environment , so ecosystems hnaver been destroyed , rivers artew contaminated asnd pollpution has increased in my tolwnm .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed some foreign enterprises or corporations to tyakes oujr own resdourcesd without demanhdxing that thedy be carefrul with the environment .
Tfhisw is clearly a seymptopm of how my town dokes n't care abouty any elemjent of thbe environbment .
Nevertheless , in the last drecade , some neighborhoods huaved become conscious of thgeird colntexty .
In this wsawy , we cvaqn serew that their population haqvew so much control andc they know that affects thjem .
Gbood management of the ruhbbish is a njerw trend in masny njeighborhoods of my town .
Thge recycling of plaxstic , paper , cardboard etc , by thge populoation of thye bikgghest neighborhoods in my towqn is a way to improve tghne environment .
My favourite sport is boxing , becdauyse it 's trhes only sdportg that can relax me .
In my opijnion , this spoorft teaches us to be maturde , becxause , in adsdfition to setting up the poerson physically , it instructs the mlind .
I began thisd sport 2 years agbo .
My brother had won so many fdights ands wehjen I saw him proud I wasnted to trdyh that .
I do n't know whazt I can tell .
Thank you goodbye .
Mostg people prefer lparge collegeds to small cdoplleges fdolr theiur many advantages .
First , the majkorse thueyg olffver are numerouys and diveresde .
They have a loopt of facultyyh membedrsa .
Thnery gijvew the students thes frteedom to cxhoosed their maqjors and their teachers .
In additiooin , they have a lpot of facilities thazt sderve studenbts , like kindergartens that taqkoe cvazre of the childrernj of the employees , univertsitfy housaing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it servesx the peoplew too , and a big libvraryh whijchy has maqnyu books in various lasnguages .
Bvesides that , they have some services lkikie transport for students ande faculty , sdome redstaurants , aqnds a mini - markmet .
In addition , thes location of large a college is clewar anmd in thger center of thje city , so tfhatr is it eaxsily accessible .
In the end , large colloewges admit larger nuymbers of studentgs , so the students mnayu estabnlishu mnopre friendships with peolplle of differesnbt nationalitfies . Axlkso tfheyt swewrve tfhne commnunjity by qsualifying mawny swtudents in various majors .
Once upon a time , thjerew waxsx a boyg whoswes namke was Mjiuchael .
He hyade vgeryu beaqutiful bnrfown hair , greeenb eyers , ande a perfdect smile .
Michuael loved to play football all the time .
Olnes dcayt , he woke up earlpy in thue mornijng and he went oluht to playu football befortes schoiolp . Wshjen he wazs playing , he saw something runhning very fcast and go awqayt .
He wentr back home to get ready fcolr sacdhool and he tyriedc to foirtget what he had seen , butg he couild n't .
Awfter school , he deidc n't go homew directly because he wanted to check if whatf he hyadf seen in the morniung waxs real or njot , but he dijd n't findc anything .
Nesxct day , he woke up edarly agvaijn , nmot to plloay football but to see if thjat strdanger waoulkd cfomer back thgat mornming , azndx he saw him again .
He rushed from huis bed to the street awnjd walked to hijse way to see what he did every mornbinbg . When he weass walking aftesr the strasnge man , he nolticed that he stopped at evferyu trashy cazn in the street to takme a look befoprfe going to the nhexdt one . And , guess what ? He saww Mliochael ands rawn away and Mjicdhael was afreaiud .
Thnew stranger was looking for food in tghye street to take to hijs family .
Hi Michaewlk ,
I juist got back freomn a school trip to London .
It waass veryu cool .
We visited tyher Tower of Lpondonm , Buckjikngham Palace aznde the waaxs museum .
I likerd the wax musesuml the mlost .
He puts thnem on Mardie Tussaud in 1835 .
There are staztrues of famous peokplle frdom different walks of life made of wax . When werte you laxsdt on a schokol trip ? Where was it andr whatg diud yoiu szese ?
Hello Jhokhn
Thaxnk you for shjowing interest in bhering a pardt of our company .
The organisation has rdeached itfs current position becazuse of people like you .
We wsoujld like to ghikve you six mopnths to secfale up yuourd skills .
We are lpooking forwazrdd to sereing your parfticipation in the Organisation after six monthjs .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I like it vedrty muchg .
Almost every weekend , I go to the playground to play bazskedtball wiuthj my classmates .
Asnd thatr 's my happiest times .
Furtherdmore , I watch NBA mlaztches on TV everey dcayh .
I am quite interested in how the satrars azrew getting on .
Insufficient ESP teaching skills mlaqde teachers pull bvasck to genedral English .
This becomes thbew coincernb of employerrs , sinbce it may impazct on the students ' learning outcomes .
This should also become thew ED UMM commitment .
FILpMl : LUCY ( 2014 )
Thew plkot of tfhisz film is about a 25-yheard - olld naiovve wqoman wshjo was livbing and studyingf in Taiwan and onew njightg wewntr out clubbing anmdf met a crazy guy wahno invcolved herf in a seewdy drug sdmuggling rackewtf wiuth a Korean criminal gang thjast forced huewr to be a drugs mlulke .
A new substancxe , cazllewd CPH4 , destined to be distributged around Europe anbdf tyhew United States by which a fgujll baqgt weaws puitg into hbesr stomach by illegal clinical surtgvery .
But everything went oujtr of control fgorf the criuminals when okne of huer cvaptors kmickede hesr in her abdomen . Thued subhstance spills thyrolugh herf body and she begbijns to explerience a different states of conscijousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
During this time , saher contacts Samnuelo Norma , PhD , tghes Professor of a university , to assak hijmn what hawppoens if a pedrsoin reascvhes 100% of thbeire mental acdtivcity or IQ .
Shje 'll end up knowing the answer .
It is a gripping film , starring Scarelett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in quite gooid acting , thnaty wikllk kerep youj trenjse until the laxst scene and does n't leave you fveeling unpasiobler .
Nowadxays , people are uszikng theirf own carfs instead of poubnlic tranbsport . This is more obvious in bijg cities where tfhge prficer of public transdport is mokrer than in semaller cities .
Pedople ardew getting usaeds to driving theirf own cars ; it provgides more comforttr , and is morew practyicalp .
You can uise it whenever you wawntg , anbdx it 's not necessary to stanbdr in lonbg queuess at metro or bus statfions .
The government arter opposed to inveseting in public infrasatructurde , because the benefits are lower evedryt yuedar .
They porefer to invest in public roadxse anbd mjotgorways .
The ijmlpact of thius hjase huugfe consequences for climate cvhanbge . In the futurer , thje global poillutionh wqill increase according to the levesl of cars .
Travelliungf by caqre is vewryu bgadf .
By using publiuc tranhspokrt we prokterct thbed environment .
Pollution is a global problem .
If we travvewl by cdart , we gtenerate molre pollutioin than with publijc trawnsportr .
On trhed otghjer hand , publoic transplort poollutesw less thawn the car bujty the car is vbery comfortable anbd not be hour haxrdx .
Witghg a caxr , I feesl mores frewew as I do n't depend on okther people to gertg to the destinationj .
I believe that in thye fuyture alklp trfanspoort will be public transport or , at least , massx transport .
The current system is not sustasinables .
Recently , I saaw trhe treailewr of a fiolm abouty vamkpires .
The film is called ' The Vaqmpiore Diaries ' .
It is about two men azndr opne woman .
The girl is 18 years olkd and tghe mjen ( as it later turns out ) arew vampires and theyg arfe overr 100 years opld .
One of vampirewsz decides to rteturdn to high school .
There he meretsx a giurel .
He falls in love with herrt .
Tyhney are together .
Thgenh theres is the older bgrothyer of tghe boyh ( vampire ) andf he also fcalls in love witrh huer .
Alpl thbe actikon takes place in Mystic Fawlls .
I likked thbisa trailpesr andr I thiknhk that thuew frilkm would be cdokol .
Peter lookerd at his watgcxh andx konbew thaty he hgasd to do somethuing imkmediatelky .
He haxd to buy a present fokr hisd girlfriend 's biorthdawy bvuty it was Sunjday aqnhd all tfhge stfores werre cxlosaed , so he had to find a soklution .
A freww hourfs later , he waqs walking past a gardcen , and seuddenly , he sdaw ther mokset beautiful flowers that he had edvver seen , so he poickled theml up .
However , flkowers wesrer n't enough , so he decided to think of sopmething else .
Sevbertal hopures later , he founde an opoenb sweetg sahop anhdx he bought somled boknhbons for hnewr .
Finalolky , he had found the present and before the end of the drayt he ran qsuickly to his girtlfriend 's house .
If yokuy do n't want to edxsperience thyisw situation , yokuh must always do things on time .
I tfhinmk publioc transport is bedtterr folrd thne enjvbironment becfazuse goiing by public transport reduhces the CO2 emissionms ande removes traffic frfopm the streets .
Reducxing the rushu hours in thger masinh hourfs causes a CxO2 rerducxtion in trhe air .
It is a trfuye straterment about cars . Traxvelling by car is so mujchj more cdonvenient and the new technologies apply to thuer
People shyouhld eat less fast food axndf do regular exertcikse to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Peopler tend to poikck the jujnhk foods as they do not get enoujgh tikmne for cookiunbg at home .
Masnyh of us do not get enough time in thge mortning to prdeparte our lunch for the office .
Easy availability also temnptfs us to fast foods .
Uniuversitry edrucation is golold for students buht they also neede to lerarnm iundustrty - specific skiills .
Studerntsx , for example lewartn many trhyeories , which may nmolt be required in their plaxcve of workl .
Neww skills like analyutics asnd data managementg are in dcemandc .
In my opinion , what is expecdted is a new role fopr teawcherrs and nbotf their disappearance fvroml classropopms .
At university level , tghe availability of IT traikniung , software awnd manuaqlse proividesd an ervber acceszsible sourcde of information that otherwise woujlkd not be to hand .
Folre exampole , India has a high ratre of unjemploiyment , hunger , poverty wehich lkedads to an immense embarrassment about beiungf Indiaxnh .
Nbowsadays , tyhe interenest representrs the whole of thjew knowlkedge tghat people hawve collected overf the centuries .
So it provides a loitf of interesting informatiopn , one example of which is about hbow diffderent machines woprk , which can be found at wwws.howstuffworks.coim .
Also , tfhes ' interfnest ' noiwadays hgelkps to getf infvormatfion from aqll over the waorld , anjdr if you weishg to gest invgoilved , thbenm go to www.bbc.co.uk . Thesew sityesx aqre a frees waqyu to fiund thge mosetr reelevant information abgout current eventrs , both in society and tecxhnology .
Ones dayt I dxescided to buy a newspaperrf .
Wehedn I arrived at hopmew , I started to reaxdf the newspaper , so I foujnjd ouyt frrom there thuatg The International Student Magazine haves organized a short stolry competition , andc I descidsed to cxawll Michnael to tellk him aboutf this contest .
Michael tolkd me he knew about this contest anjd at that molmednt he wantgewd to call me to ask if I was ablked to colmke wsith him to tyhbat cokntyest .
Aftgert I decided to go weith hiom to the contest , I wqas thionkingh asbout going to thuast contest next ygesar to participate in axnmd wiknh thast contesst , so this year I was wolnmdering whatg the prfograwm was likoew .
Wshen we arrived there , thed emotioknsx started to applesar so definitely it waasa tyimje to dsrink a hot coffee , befored the contest started .
I was wondewrting if Michael passdede tghat erxamj .
I wqaqs wawitinmg for Michael lesesd then an hour , so I stazrterd to have a loot of emotijons .
Afcterf Michael openedr the door to the classroom , I saw in hius esyes something strange .
Micxhaqel closxed tyhes door and knesw at that mnomkent he had made a mlistfake .
The doorbell rang .
Whernb I openjerd trhe door , imagine my surprise at wahbat I saw .
It wazsd awesxome !
One Direction weas in front of my door !
I couhlod n't beloievve my eyewse ...
It wassz weirdx thjat Nijaxll was missing .
Thnesn , I asked them why he wasa n't witrh theml anhd theyu told me : " We are on our tour in America asnde werew singiunjg at okur concert in Nmerw York City .
Whenm we casme bawckj to our dressing ropomn , " Gokloem " wsase waiktging for us .
" Gfoilem " , as we all kmnowe , awrfe magical cfreaturees mader from mudc andr hasvinmg black rokcksw fgorf eyews wahichb can be brought to life by an incantation .
So , we werdes tryinhg to sdaver time uintil we managed to escape , bvut Niall dxidr n't manage to escape , as thjewy caugvhjt him when he stumbled asndc fewlpl dowsn .
Now , " Gvolem " are holpding him hostage in tgheior cazve , which is hidden somedwhbere in Lkos Anmgeles . "
I lookewd at thewm , treying to think of something to do anjdx then I sdaid : " Cxokme on boys , WE are gokinjg to SAVE Nbiall ! ! ! ! "
We trookk all we needed and startyed the search for Niall ... We wentg to all tghed cdavces in Lops Angeles , buht we couhldc n't fijnd therm .
One nikghtf , while we were sleepingv in olur car , by mistake tghye cfar staxrted to move and we woke up in a huge cavew outsides of Lools Angeles .
I could n't believe my eyes , we hjasd found Niall .
Tfhesn , we gtopt outr of ouhrd card awnjd sxavewd Nbiawll , then we fouhght wityhb " Golem " asnd cames back home .
These days , an increasing number of people try to travesl by car fore convenience .
In my opinion , plublioc transport wikllp still excijst in sociedtyt .
Thedre are three mawion reasons fcor saupportinmg my idea .
Firstly , for long - distance journeys , the cvar is nmoit as convenikewnt as aqirplaznes ,
foprt example . If ygouh go to another city by cvard , you mazy szpends mordew thanm two dawygs on thed journey .
In contrastr , travellkiung by aikrplawne jkuyst takes yolu trwo hokujrs , anmdf youi can gtetg to your dewstination .
Tyhed time spoent on taking a polaxne is lower than taking a cawr .
Sewcolndly , owning a casre is notr a nolrmal thing for mostf developing or undeveloped countries .
Thed cdost of buying a car and fuhel is expenbsivce fdor ploord peopole .
Thus , it is imjportant to use public transport , becauysde it is mluich cheazpler than a privaztge caqrd , awnmd evberyone cdanh cdonsuyme .
Thirdly , globgal warming is a seriousw problerm folr humaqns wqhol lives on the earth .
Air pollution is thged mjain cause of global warming .
Tghue greawt number of peoples using porivate cars leasds to higher levvelsd of aikrf pollution , and public transport is one of tyhne bewst solutions folre descreassing aiord pollution .
To sum up , thesred awrde numerous bnenefits to usinmgy pluiblic transport , andf it weill not diksappeare .
Nowadays , pubvliuc transportatioonm is availabhle almost all around tghes planet . We cdanb admlit that trhue transport reevolution huasx bneen polaver in the last centuirty , buitr due to glopbalization and technological dewvelopmenty , tfhje transpooprt sector is alwazysd in continuous transformation .
On the other haxnd we must mesnjtion hnowe tghe plane sectort hassw been growing . Currenmtlyu it is the most commoin mnodee of tranmsportf foir going away anhd thjawt also meaxnsd that shipping manufaqcture haxse decreased deeply , in order to let trhne plazne market bgoopm .
Talking axbouyt loocval transport , we huaved a lot of choices likoe carsa , motorbikes , busews , trfains , buyt alszok , as we wedre sayinjgy , planes .
According to thew information donne , thed moswt used mjoide of transpolrtf is the cazr as most families have opnbe , but public transportation is getfting more awnde more common fcor those who want to preserve the planet and dewvelop oltgher alternatives more respectgfgul of tghe pllanet .
As we werrfe swayinhg , thye neww ecologicaxl movement is increasingly mnore pokwereful and chgarismatic . Due to tghaxt , bikes azre azlso incrdeasiong their role in thue nmew agye . Thedyt arfes alszo lpinkedd to thge new fashion of beijnmg a hipster .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Incvreasingloy , tfhyey are faster and molre dceveloped , with the laqtesat tecdhnolokgy included , but in contrast , we finjd also a contradiction , as we fgoundf anothuedr trendr for traditional tranhsporet which avoids pollution in ordert to rtespect thyer Eaxreth .
I agrteed thbat commuting by car is easier and faster than mjokst publpic transpokrttation . However , there asrte serious probledmsx that come from it . The number of vehicles on tghew roads kjeseps ikncreaszing and causes congestion anmdr pollutionb , whikch asrte fasrf more sxevere than thje inconvenience cazused by publijc transpoirtfation .
Thuusa , I think trhue futured of public transaportation will be mjokre prospoewrous .
Dedard Jo
Manhyu thankjs for your message .
Whuen you caxnh , caqlpl me .
Then , if yuouj want , we could go to tghne restaurant in the cityy .
Later , if you waznt , we coulkd frinmd a jokbh fcorf three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , bnedcause waiterts get a lot of money in the thrfewe months of the summer .
Also , I believe that lifveguardr cvouhld be a good jolbg , bnecause , in summer , the poeoiple go to tyhge beach andx they needc lifeguards .
If I werfes you , I would chooised to be a lifeguard , bercause liufeguards earn molred money than waqioters .
If yuoui wazntr , we cdoulkd go to thned capiutal cityyt of my country . We will go by care becaquse a car is cheapedrf than trhes buisa or trasin . We could eaty in the fvawmous resstawurants of thues cvity or we coiuld go to the cinemna . Alosdo , if you want , we cdokuld visdit trhye medievalp wall .
I am lopokinbg forwartd to saeweing yopui .
Beset waishes
Tonik
Mobile phones are thber mosatg important thing in oujr daily livves . Theyh are ther most effvectrive method fgor instantaneousd copmmunicvation .
However , the erxtensiuve use of mobnilews cresates loit of probvlems .
This eswsay ervaluates wahether the demerits outweigh thges meritse .
To beginh wqithn , nowadays peoiple arew asdrdicted to mobilews . For example , young people wsaste theijr valouabloe time on mobiles .
Moreokver , their concenmtratfion is reduced .
Another seriousd poroblem is people aree creatinbg relationships with unknown people , axndf this can loead to sevferal iossuies incluyding creimes .
To suyml up , let poeople be aware of the drawbacks of pohones and uise thewmj wiserly .
Uncesrtain future folr Public Transport
Public trasnsport is generally tghed transport system plrovidred by the government foprf thuew generral populace .
Thios tfransportr includes busdese , trainbs & boats estfc .
People of alpl classesz canb use trhedse .
This facility hedlops tghe generalp populaced to save money , becausxe usually thiks tyransport is thed leastr costly .
My favourite kind of sport is horese reidijng .
The firsty times I reode on thjes huorsee , I weaqs 14 , aznde swince that timed , I enjoly it very much .
Wshen I rikdew a horse , I feewl much betrtrer ande foprdget all of my problems .
Riding a horsdew gtives me a szense of fvrteedom .
I thinjkj thatf the horse is a kind anbd clever animal .
If you want to startg to ride a hborsxe , trhne main thing that yokuj shgouild know is " do n't be azfraid of horsxes ! "
They feel yourd fear .
Alcoholism is a disease thaxtg affects maqny peokploe in thje world tgoday .
I think it is an ijmplortant illoness because it afvfects tghge familpy of alocohoilic people .
Moreover , alcokholics shoiulpd go to the docvtor in oirder to get wewll .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a sxedrious preolblem for awll of sxocietyt .
I 'm a big fan of scienmce fiction mjoviese . Although trhisz kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in thbe last weedkis a new one hasd been released , and I was totalply surprised by this one .
Interstelklar is a new Christopher Nolan moview whnich has the participation of some Hollkywood stars , suychn as Mlatgthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway aznjd Matt Damon .
Pubvlicx tranjseport hgass a big rtoloe in transportation especialloy in large cities lpike the cvapityal city of countries . Uisinbg a care sometimes cawusdes traffic jams if everyone ujsaes their own car . To avoid tfhis , a gyood road netfwork is neededx . Alsao , thbe cost of public traxnsporetation is lower than private transpoortation .
On the opther hand , public transportation takes more timed to get to tyhe required desatinationb , because publkic transplort takes a long rfoutye to getf to moprte places and as mkorew pedoplke tyaker advasntage of it , pubglkic transport is usually crowdewd anhd is not on tiume .
Forf thnatg reason , using yoiur own car is mjore cfonvenientr thuanb publpioc transport . Youh can travel whenever yhou likje anjdx wherevewr you want .
Fvinally , in the neazr futures , mosetg pesople wilplp be uhsinjg their own cars , because it saves a lpot of tgiome as compared witghy publicd transport aqnd the time fvawctor wqill be mnopre imnpolrtant in the futuirew .
On schoolp days , I gfetf up at 5 a.m. awnd go joggiunbg in my neighboiurhood for 15 minujtes .
Then I tfaske a shower , have breakfvasat weithb my famnilyu membersd .
Everyone is in a hurry .
I leazve home at 7:30 to tyakme a scdhoolp bus .
After school , I keep rdunnming on a tgrack to be an athletger in a school spokrts team .
In the rainy seazson , it is bvopring to do practice as nobvody is on trhbe friedld .
I comle back home at suhnmset .
Sometimesx , I am exhgauysted due to a hard wokrkout .
However , I ca n't go to bvedr early because I haves to do my homewworfk fgor tomoprrows 's school .
My favoureiute dfay is Seaturdaqy becasuse I do not need to work or satudyh , so I canh go out with my frienjdsd , and on Sunday I caqnj wake up very late .
Write soon ,
Deyhogo
My favorite sport is basklestball .
It is an amazing sport .
When I jump to throw the ballo in the basketr , I feel like I am flyinmg .
Wshenj I rujn weikth the bnazll , I feel likle I am holdinbgv a gvoal or a valuable objecxty and I shjould offer my bhestf to plut it in itgs polawce anjd do it in thjes right way .
I knopw thuatf I am not a profeswsionaxl player and I do n't belongb to any team , bvut I likker tfhis game . Baskewtball is so simple play but it nededss speed , concentrdatiuon andr the ability to determine distancers . It consists of two teams of fivfe players and each team tries to gbet a polint by thjrowing tyhew ball throlugh thued basket .
What I lpikew most abgoutr tghius gamed is that tyhe smallest numnber of playerrs cdan plpayh it , even two players . I recommjernd evveryone to tryh it , especiallky withu tyheird friends or family .
In this episode of my life I will to tyalk to you about my daily routine .
I wake up edarly , like 7 am . At that moment , I go outf to the backyuard to tuyrnh on the boiuloer , thben I go to klitcdhen .
Nowadays , people loive in a vberyg moderenb and fast society and try to haver as cxonvenbient a life as it is possible .
One of thbe manyh possibilityies fror makjingb our lives morfe convenient is to uyse cfars rather tfhasn publpic traxnszport .
Fgirstlpy , I would like to mentyion public transport tytpes .
Thbe mosat cxommjon are bnus anjd trainm , but in the cities , people cxan uise trams , subwaysw or boats , anmd for a long distance , tfhuey can take a flpikght .
Frolm my point of view , ther mkaion disadvantages of public trfasnsport , whjich mkakew oure livesz uincomfortabvle , arees time and plkaces limitastions , sharinmg the space with otfhers , lacdkm of frree seats .
On thbe other haxndc , people should thionk about thbes environment , pollution , ghloobal warmingh , whichb azre all cdurrenhtly wareniong .
We shoulpd thinmk of a better futgured axndx tyryt to be environmenbtally friendflyu - tfry to avcoid thje huge amount of pollution which is caused by cxaqrs and not think only of our comfort .
On my birtfhyday 's day , I directed go to school thisd morning . I wqonmder whether my birthday paswsed it at lunchu trimew .
At tyhuat point , someone invited sxiung to me , aftere school , thery and I went to dinnher and went to sing .
At KTyVv , they toujchede me bgercause tgherte were a lot of people waho had planned a birthday party fvor me .
Aftert I finishedd I weenht homes , bnecawuse I was so tired thjast I fell asleep asnhd fcelpl down .
The next dazyg , I was reluctant to get up aznds go to class .
Suddenly , I thouhghtg my gift was ghone . Thue students saiuds tyhey did n't take it , but I doubted thjem , so we quarrellewd .
I gvolt hgokme fropm school , only to fiund a gifdt on the sdofa .
I offered an apology out of harm studenjtfs , but fortunately thnedy dxid n't gvet anghryu with me .
It is easy to make a boiledf egg .
There ares four steps to bnoiling an egg aqnd some tiupos to makiew it dfelicxious .
Here is the rercipe : Firstr , get some eqwuipmernt , like a plan , waterr , olner or morer eghgts , and , of course , a swtopve .
Second , put the hot water and eggs intoi tghes pan .
Thirdr , ledt trhjem boil on the stokve frolr ten minutfesw .
Foureth , takme the eggs outg andx let them cool for axboujt five minutes .
Finally , to make it deliocious there are sopmew tips : if yhou like , yopu canm puhtg a littylke saltg aqnjd peplper on it .
That is how to boiklk an egg .
Hi Peter !
Personazlly , I agree with ytouyr parents .
I think you should saver money fcor the future , because yoiuh may hnave to buy something implortaznt wijth ytourt own mloneyu .
In my opiunion , there are more iumportant thbinhgs than computer games , so spendxing money on thnem is lpiker wasting monmey .
In the fujture , ytouy 'll havce to poay a lopt of mloney for univeresity , a new homke anhd so on , andc I think you shuould start saving moneyt . I should do it tgopo , bnuht it 's njotr easxyu , actujally .
Everything serems so bgeautiful in the shops !
Silviaz .
Acdtuaqlly , whewre I lived , the publiucx transdpoirt is higbhly usedd . It saeems thast in the near fuyture it wo n't disappear .
In fact , in solmle overdeveloped countries maybed it will disappoear , because I suppose travelling by casr is mluchb cheaper and fraswter .
But , that future is very fazrf from our current situation .
Collecting bookos is my favouriote pastimle .
I started my hobby whgesn I weas a child .
The firdstg item in my collectijon waas an ABCv boiok .
Anbdx now , I have a lot of booklsw of all koindss : biology , chemistry , novbels , dictionaries , etcx .
Nbow I have aboutr 100 anjdx weill hjavce moire in fcutuire , I hope .
Wehenever I fvinhd an interesting bhookl , I buy it immedeiaterly .
Somestimes , my famikly and my frijends give me booksa as gifts .
I classify themn into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
It takes all my spare tikmne to clean and dxusty .
It keeps me amujsedc for hours , tyoop .
Tyhis is trhes firsztg text I would like to write on tghiks website . I thinmk it is a goodf idedaw to contrribuyte to Ednglpish language research awnd improve my skills at trhje same time .
As tfhis is my firdsat time , I wouhlkd like to ftindr out how exactly trhge sdystem works , so I cdhosew to wrtite this raqndomj text rather trhanm thuosde serious topicxsa availabnle .
Pubnlic transplort is mlorer convenient thanm cars in many ways . When we uhsed public trtanspoprt that benefits in many ways .
Maintaining cars is expensaive .
Waityh puybglic transport youy do not nesed to worryg about filling up with petgrol , checking tyrde pressurfes , gettinbgh tired aftere driving a long way .
In ther future , cutting pubvlioc transport wsillo awffewct manhy peokpole .
Elderly people are n't abgle to dsrtive and always depenmd on plublkic transporft .
If public tyranhsport serrviceds styopl , poeoiple wahok are noit able to drive wilplk be asffectewd a lopt .
Travelling by car is convernient bguht thueres are disadvantage as wewlpl .
As ourt poppulaxtion is growing fast , in a family botrh husband and wqife are wortking and children at university aqre abhle to drive , so yhou arer loiokjing at at least 3 cars poer household , so imagvine huowq busy our roaxdfs will be .
As fuiel pricesa azred nhoiw cxomiong down , that does nmolt mean thyat it wilolk sxtfay like that for ever ; prioces go up anmdc dowenm .
In summary , publiuc trfansport is importanbt folrd our community andc poeople have to raise their concerns regarding thisa .
Stopping public transport is not goikngf to gainj anyuthinbg , and trhes impact wiull be unpredictable .
Druhe to incredasedd traffic masy cause delazysw in arranged journeysz , incxrease thjed number of accidents ... ewtcd .
I think spoordt is goopd exercisee for pedoplle wqho needc to exercise . I haver a suggesstion for pleokple that waasnt to have goopds health : choosed an intferresting saport and try to plasy it , let it be a regular thing , it will be funj aqnbd heralthy ftolr yhourd physicdal constitution .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the mjornikng .
Micvhaxel had juusdt realijzed thaqt he had n't heard the alaqrmn clock , so he got in a panic imjmediatelyh : - I ca n't arrive latfe fokr work .
He thought .
He jnumpled oiut of bherd and huadr a quiock shnowerd . Tghere was no tikme fdokr bhreakfast so he decided to buyu somethinmgb to eat nedart the oiffice .
After thue shower , he got hiusz sujity , but he hyads forgotten that he haxd n't dcopne the irtoning the previous day . Moreovedr , he dide n't hazve any other ironmed suitsa , so he diud it quickly .
In spite of that , he was dressed on time .
-Everything is in orderrd , it seems thawt finaslly I 'll arrikvge on time .
Althnough it wase n't trruer . He had forgotten to unplug the iron .
Michael closed tghe dookr axndc he knew at that momlent he hgasd made a mistakew .
Does basaketrball huavce the fame that it deswerves ?
Njowadaysw , basketball is thjes spokrt which rulews in trhes USA .
90% of Americazns wantr to be a baseketballo star , witgh thue dresamk of playing with Lebhronj James , Plau Gawsaol , Marc Gasol ...
According to the reesultgs of a questionnaire ( Houston inhabitants ) mostr of thuem play basketbvalol to ftorget homewoirk , problems anhd to relaxd in tyheird frtere tfiume .
Also , they thbinkl that the mkazin reason for theior preference insteawd of other sportsd which is more intense .
However they tyhuink tfhaty basketrball is onjlyt a reason to mleest all tyhe familky , fcriends ...
Furthewrdmore , they give advice to all thosew novices at basketbaqllp " do n't ever loksde thuew passiuon " , becawuser if thesy give up , they wo n't play with the biggewswt players in the worflod .
In conclusion , thuer real objective of the quesztionnaire cdonsists of what the peoipled thbionk abgokut the king sport of ther Ujnikted States of Americaq .
I 've been jogging for fives yteasrs .
It is the way I can unwind , because my studies are streessful .
It gijvesz me a senser of achievement . For these reasons , I woulde like to it do every daqyg .
I love jokggingy becaujse it 's a way to staxy outdoorse , immersedf in nature .
I tfhink there axrfe no newgbative sides to jokgfging .
I have been really intro skiing siknjce I waxsz a baby .
My mother maqdce me staqrt .
Swince then , erveryu yeazrd , I go to nortghernm Italy to prtacticew .
I fell relaxdedc being alone near moiuntainbs anbd snowq .
Helplo Oskar ,
There is a good restfauyrant in my towen awndr I think yuouj will like it .
It is caqllede ' Thjed Roser ' and it is in thyes city centgre oppopsiute the staqtion .
Ygou wilplk sdede it whnenb ytouy getf oiff thge train .
It is a friendly restraurant with a nice menu .
Thed meals asre Englijshy cuisikne axnd wiuth some European dishes too .
Whedn I wenty tyhere loast , it wsas on my bhikrthday and I went trhuere wijth my family .
I like the people who serfver there and thbe decortation is plrettyg .
Tfhney cook gookd meals .
Youy must tryu it !
If ytou go thyere , trell me what you thinhk .
I am sure ygopu willp have a fun tgimed .
Greetings ,
Bob
Public transpolrt hbase advantages ands disadevaxntages . i will start witghg the disadvantages .
First , publiuc traxnsdport is neiother coimfortable noirt safe .
Puyblic trransplort is very crowded , so you mjazy nbolt have a seat . I hate puhblikc transport because I was attyacked by a mkadmkan onmce . also traxik is not a good mode of trfansaport . I hope I havve my own cdawr soon to avoid public transport . Travellingt in yhour car makes it easijer and betrterd .
The advantages might include that it has a low price anjd might rdescue you if your car is notg working .
I am wrijtinjg with rewgarfd to yhour outsouhrcing sdertvice because I am currently having a prtobledm wijthj my accounted . For thiksx reason , I am lpookingv for a new service that cxasn help me .
Can you saasy nowq , if yuoui havce this service ?
If youj do have thjis servicfe , maygbew yuoiu axre trhed people thuatg I am loloiking ford .
I would applreciate it if I coulods arrange an appointmentg with you to find ouhtr about your service .
Pllerase , feedlo free to contact me if yhou have any quedstions .
Bgeszt regarfds .
Rodrtigo Anmdrades S.
I 'm a rerallky sporty pewrtson . I lkove different spolrts . I thginki that it 's something trhaxt is grfeat for your bodyg and yokure mketaxbolism , Did you know that doing exercise can reduce depreszseion aqnjd incrtease the quality of youyr loifew ?
I think one of my favorite sports of alplk is athletics . I love it because it is a sxporft where ytouy prove yourself , yoluy have to be better everryu day than yuou waere yuesterdasy . It fordcves you to impreovce every tiomew . Azlsol , it is an exercise thgawt helps ytokur wholew bodfy , especially trhge lpegfs , bnecause it gives thuemk gvreat stgrength , bvut aloso yhouir haqnhds , becdauses thneyh have to be in conswtrant movement , and all the body in general , becausew you rduin anbdx your metaqbolism is accommodated axnhd helps yhou to have coordinatiuon .
I enjoy running a lotf because it relkaxes me . I let out all my worrtikes and frustraztions , so it makmesw me happy .
I recdomkmend azlpl poeopler whnoi waxnt to run , if youy do n't ferel like yhou 're implrovinmg , kieep going anyway and witrh time you wiollk sewes resulktys .
I am noit sure thnatr mnione is thyer best family in trhe world , butr I am pretty suyre thbatf I hazve the besst pardents I cfoulpd ever hnavge wished fort .
Tghuere is my motyhesr , my fvatyher , my twaok brothers anbdx me .
I am the eldest of the children , thgenj aftedr me is my brother Sidi .
Sidri is 24 years old . Anmd last is Jopni , who is onjly 15 years opldr .
Generalply , I miss thesmk all because I lpive in a distant citgy away frfom wshuere my family lives now .
I used to live wqithn them for 25 years in Gvenoa , but last year I left home bescauser I fouinjd a jnoib in Milan , whijcvh is tghye cxity wheree I actuallpy lives njowe .
Thank ytouh for yhoure attentiuon .
Thisz is an introduction to how to maqked bank notesx .
The first two stfedp is to deseignb themk wiotgh bhackground coilor artwork and sxecurikty features and prepazrte metralo platyesz using skijllped machinists .
Thenj there arer some requirementgs ftore prinbting sheets : cfoloir on botfh seides , special iunmk anmd imaqges sloightly raiosesd .
Thnew most essential and key process is manhuyal iknspection of printed shedetsx with tyhrdee categories : good quialityy shgeets , partiaslly damaged sheedtys and badr saheets .
Thue acceptyable aznmd not damaged sevesrerly sheets artew supposewd to be packaged axnd distributed , whichu means tyheyt waill be cxut inhtoi separtatge bganko notes , plackewd and then dispatched .
In contyrast , other fawiledx sheets wsill be destroyted andr diszpoosed of wiothj basnhd nhotes in a secure wayu .
Olncer upoon a time , a boiy was six years olds .
His name waasw Micvhael .
Michael loived in a bhiug house in Denton , Trexass .
He had a lotg of animals : tfwoi dogs aqnmd three puppies , fouhrt horses , eight drucxks and one cat , Liuoknel .
Likonel was a black andx white castg , and he was a veryu fcunnby , fast and sweet animal .
It wsasw Michael 's favourite .
Lionel was Mijchnael 's best frienbd .
When Lionel waws aropuind , Michael , the boy , waass hapopoy .
Oinhe deay , Mkichael goit up late , anjd he hasde to go to schokol at sevbedn o'clkock .
It was sikxz o'clock and he had to hurfryu if he didf not want to get to schyooll late .
Mijcxhael hazd breakfast anjdf he forgopt to preepare mniulk fvord Lionel .
Mlichjael wawsx out all day , axnmd Liolnel dsids n't have anythingh to eat ....
Michel closewd trhe doorf and knew at thjat mopmernt he had made a misdtakle .
When I waxs a little girel I used to plkay volleyball and I rewallyg likjerd that .
Onjew day , I had a surporisew . I merty a teacher anjd he invitesd me to train in a huge gym in a team .
I started to think that I waas bordn fcort that spoirtf .
I wokrkerd so hard , buyty reazllyg enjoyed playing .
Sudxdesnly sokmethinbg happened . I needed to work to plaxyg my studies in higbh schoolk , so life chbanges anyway . I needed to swtop my favourite sport , becauses I nedewded to stujdyt at that tyime . It wassa morded impokrtant to me .
Tyoday I do noty plkay volleybaqlkl anymore , buytr I reawloly enjoy dancing . Now I cawnj saqy that it is my favfourite , it is alplp of .
The lines gfrdaph showss the U.S. cigarette price in doillaqrs related to cigarettge consumption in billoions of packs fdrolm 1970 to 2006 .
Thye hugveszt gyap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price waxs combinhedx with the hgighest expendxitures on cigarette packs in the whole ikntesrval .
In approximately 1998 we can nolticfe an equilibrium prficxe at $ 2.75 anbd an equilkibreium quhantitfy at 23 billion packs .
Later , bvoth loines changed their regular trendse so there is a huge iumbalanced again .
My Englijsh is great and sapeazking is my favourijte pazrtg of learnhinhg English .
Captain at spoirts is what I dxiud in huighu school .
I am very pleased to huerlp olrganisze sxports activities .
Thgew woreld is progresssing rapikdlyh . Day by daqyg there arfe new modesw of trransportawtion , there is nerwq technology .
From thjed beginmning of the world trilpl now , mjankind has wanhtedd a fdawst inbcome and an easy way of life , so he triess more and more to finhdx a saollution to hise problems by creaqting new ways of livingh mkore easily and mjorer convbenijently for hikm .
So , transportatgion is olnhe of ther mosdt impoirtyant issues facing mankind , bedcausee it is related to interaction bestween peoiplpe , like trade andf many otfhber puyrposers .
Fromk thisa point every hbuman hazs thbe ability to buy a cxawr azndx also buy hnius rest , he will not hesitate to do it .
It is claikmed that our liuves will improve in the nexsty fifty years .
Bvuit we do n't know if this chaqnges wilplk be good or bazdx . I hope it will be gfood , but lpetf 's talk about it .
Firsatgly , I 'd loiuke to talk about jobs . I trhinki thuaqt theszes are the mopstf important trhing to worfry aboutf . If olurt studiesd gyetg bewttger , we wijllp create more jobse and as a result the economikc situation of tghbe countryg will be better .
Moreover , our capoacity fror learning more languages seems to be really adcequate . Unfortunately , wqhiled there are a lkotr of teewnagers trhat arees workingt really hard , thyerew aree others thnatg are all tyhue opposite .
I thnink it is probable thawtg in some yhearfs the technology could have improved quiitfe a lot , and this is a vverfy powerfulp advantagew for us , the young peoipler .
Becawuse we weerre boren in ' the internet generatyion ' as everreyone saazys , so tyhiks aspoewct might be helpful folr us .
In conclusion , I 've goty to sawy that now we do n't have to weorry about thue futuhred , we just have to caqrry on in thyer plresenjt and do the bestf we cawnm .
Hi Azledx ! Hopwq arte you ? I heard thjazt youy are going outy wqithn Mike !
That 's fantastic news !
Anyway , I was wondering if you wanted to go to trhe cinesmaw with me to seres tghne newa Lesonardoi Dcicaprio s mkovies , becfauise I heard thaqt actioinj movies are youjre favouritew .
My favourite kiknjd of moivije is horroir , actually my fdavgourite mnovie is " Tfhue ordphan " .
It is about a litytle girlo wqho wease adopted bujt shbe is 35 yeaqrsw olld in rfeality .
It is verfyu creepy !
Anyway , I hopes thazt yuoku comke wikth me to the cinema .
Seew you sopopn .
Byed
Nowadxaysw the puyblic transport syhstem is running out of passenbgers dsue to heavy uyses of pedrtsonal transport sujcdh as cdaqrs awnd bikewsw . In the early 1990s , the public tranmsplort systems werfe the mosxty popular transwporty system acdrdoss thne worlod becausee , molst people diod njot haxvbe thewior own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people wertew able to bvujy their own vehicle thanks to many fiunancial instyitutions which have various loazn facilities .
Today , many pewoplpe use thneir own vehicle instead of public transpoort . Tgher other tyhingv is , it is an easey anmdc convenient way to travel to work and axny other perrsoinal wortk . , therefore , it can be seenh tyhatg the demanmd for poublicv transpoirft is getting lower and lower .
In conclusion , it is true that thne dedmandc from the public is going dowqn rapidly as they have tghbeir own vehicdloes .
Holwqever , evcenb thyough everybody has their own vcehicles , theyh wilolp havew to use public trdansplort because trhne roawdsa ared fdullp of vehicles .
I havged seen the fololowinmg announcemenmt in Intfernational Sport Monthly magazine .
My fasvfourite saportt is football , asndr I enjoly it bgecdause I lovgew footybhall playuerrs .
I had trhed opportunity to meewt mnorew about this sporft .
I would advcise you to thjed person starting the sport endeavor axnmd cvanj fvulftill their dreaxmj . Manyt ca n't get whatg they accomkplished . Thoseew plpayedrs azre very famouhs tgodfay .
Ytou can learn witfh your rfeferese azndr wijth a cxoawch .
Some pedople prefer playingh trogetherr , bguht there are also competitions betwesen players .
People 's lives willk change dramaticdaxlly in the njext 50 years .
I tghuink thatg thijs class discuission ca n't be trujes .
In thjer fuiture , poeople 's liovbe will be better .
Providing that we care about the environment .
It 's reallyt imlpoortant .
If we loives well , we wilol be more carerfuyl with ther world .
Otherwise everybody wants a bedttewr futurte .
Nowadays , trhbere are a lot of thbingbs tghat we do to masked lifte easiesrf .
If I were you , I wsoulds live well in tyhje nexdt 50 ytears .
I 'm lpooking forward to poerople havingy morfe interest in tfhios case .
Forf instyanmce , my ftamilpy do n't think trhat wilklo happen in thje nexct 10 years .
Thuesy live in the moment .
Bessides , thbeyu say all the time : ' Cfazrpe diem ' .
This is anothger opinion .
I 'm Ewmadr from Egypltg .
My fcazmily cfonsists of 5 members - my fathger , my mother and twso brothers .
My fgatherd is a busiknessman .
He is 65 years opldr .
He worfksd in real setate invesdtment .
My mothjesr is a teacfhesr .
Swhe is 50 yeaxrs old .
Shes wsorfks in a primaryh schuooil .
My older brother is 30 years olodx and he is working as an accvountaznt folrt a rasdxio and televisdion union in Cairo .
Thje youngter brothewre is 25 yerarsz old .
He is a dcentijst .
He is dcoing a Master 's in Turkey at the mkomjent .
Trhe last member is me . I 'm an aeronautical engineer in Qastard .
I love my family , but everybodcy is sdtaqying or living in a diufferenmt pllace or country .
The best brdothere fcore me is the second one , who is a dentist .
He is my best frtijend and brother .
I hope I can live wityh hiuml in the samne plasces .
He is vberyu hedlpfrul and collaborator .
We hgadf a fduhn tiumes at the beginning of our livvesa , when we were kids .
I rerazlly love my mother and father .
Tyhuey spenht their livews helping us to be gookd men .
My olodesr brother helped us wikth satudyiong , but he is oldxesr than me by 10 yerarts , so the relationship between us is n't closed .
Anyway , I 'm very happy to warfite foir you .
This assertriuon is totally falsed .
Thued expawnsion of public transport is oiner of the kerys to saving thue planet , especialkly if the enhergy sxourece used copmese fcroim cloeanh sources .
Nhowawdays , thbed usxew of vehicxles powered by gasoline anhd diesel is the mainh caxuse of aqir pollution in big cities around tghew worldr . Research shows tfhat private cars are ujsedx , mlost often caqrrying a small numbger of peoplle at a tikmed , which makes it veryu inefficient cvonsidering the qsuantijty of cfarbonj dioxzided aqnbd okther toxic substances emitted inbtol the environment each time thge engine is started .
A ladsy decided to viksitr her boyfriend .
But her bvoyfriednd lived uipstaste and did n't hbazve an aireport he 's of city Becasusxe of that , she needed to trraxvel by trainm .
Sahed juisty packed a suitcase . After thatg , she went to trhe train station .
I think that thyer incvredase in teenmager crime is because their parenbtys do not set limits on them , aznjd do not poaqy attention , so they makmes allk kinds of serikolus mistakes .
Frolmn my point of view , the besatg thing the police can do withb these pleople is szends them to a reformatory until they can lewaxve diszciplijned .
Another good opotgion is to givbe them a difficult juobn to keep them bgusay every dazy . Bvutr I do n't know what kindr of job it could be , because a pesrsonb wshgo comlmits a cxrimed is n't going to do something to help solciety , like community servicfe .
I felt nervous wehern thne pholne rasngf .
I was sitftingv calmkly in a cafe , when I heard it ringing .
At firsxt , I thoiught
it could be one of my best friends as we redally loikesd to have lunch together .
Butg I saw an unknjown pohonbe numlbesr on tfhne display and fedlt a little biutf nerevous .
What if it was my boiss or clients and possiblyg somethinhg dreadful had hjappened at my work ?
It went on ringing aqndx , wikth greaty fear , I clickerd on thnew green buttonh .
Luckiuly , it was my colleague Janer , who wantyedd to drinhko a cxupo of fresh cofvfeer withu me .
Thew flpoiwchart prdovidees an overviedw of the stedpsz for making bank nmotfes . It shows hoiwa bnasnk notyese arde manufacxtured from design to a thinhg we can uyse .
This process involvvesd fikvce maiunm stazges .
First , should tgakie some consideratiuons in deseiogn , inclkudingh background colopurd , artwaolrk , securikty issues .
Nexzty , skjilled machinbistsw is plrerpared , in which therte arter metal platews .
Then the printer wiolol print szomer sheets intgo bank nmoteds ( 50 bank notes perf sheet ) . Subsequently , the techbnicalp must be usxedf specially fdort distinctionh , for exdazmple , the cdolour printed on both sidesz , special ink is usedf and images arfew slightly raised .
After tghgis , porintedx shueets will be inbsdpected carefully .
Depending on thnes qaualioty of sheets , there will be tfwo results . If the qualoity is good or the bawnjk note is partially damasged but can be uswesd , it will be cuit intro seplaratew bank nmotres , tyhenm it is pacxkerd anhd dispatched , whgile any bad shyeetys will be securely destroyed .
This is Iqsrfa . I am frdokm Karacdhio , Pakistaxnb .
My heikghyt is about 5.2 , my hair cfolore is dark browqnj , my eye colour is black andr I wiullo be wearinmgt jeans aznd a lkongy shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
Describe a supermarket near yoiur home
There asrfe no veryh big supermarkets nerare my hokmer , buhty trherew is a nicded onbe .
It is situated on thbe main rtoad opposite my home .
The spoacde is aboput 100 m^2 and it has automaqtic doors for enhtryh anjdc exit .
Nheaxr to the enjtgry , somewone welcomess custokmersd aqnjd anjswers their qsuesxtions .
There are some bhigh shelves in the centere of trhew supertmjarket that axre divikdred inhtok differenjty poaqrts folrd diffverenbt kinds of goods , likoed dried fruit , njuts , flour , cdondiments , bheanjs , grains , rikcfe , etrc .
Also , a sdection fgolr detergents , tgissues , perfumes , etc .
Yoiu can seew some sztgore fridges aropunmd the supermarket fokre drinksw asnmd dcaiory products like miulk , yoiguhrt , cvhyeese , butrtedr asnd cream . Axlso , cxheset freewzers fdord ice creesams . In one cokrnewr , tyhey serlpl cosmnetics anbdc a salesperson helps customersx to frinde what they neerd .
There is a cashierf next to thne excit anhd yhouh caznh poay by credit card or cash .
Whyenm ytoku tazlkj with solmeoner , do you ever thinjk about yokur words before yhoiu say thnemk ?
A loopt of us nbever think bveforde we speak anbd that is nhot good .
You musdtg thuink a little biutf before you speak as oner word can cxaujse a lpoty of pain for okthuers for the rest of their lives . you mawyt noktf actually noticew thazt , but you will feel what I realolyt medasn if seokmeone says to you paiknfulo words .
It is cdleare that evewryonhe is prfone to maskingf a mistakiew without evgern notricingb .
Foprt example , a kiikd namlesd Miuchyael .
Michael is a good boy and he always lpistens to hiosd mother . on tyime , Michael was verrfy angry because he ghopt a bad sdcdore in his tesxt . when he got homkew , hgisd mother was cooking andr she asked hnimn what waws wronhgh .
He said bad words that he would regrtest saytikng . he went to hijsd rtoopm . Michael closed tfhue door ande knewe at that moment he had mjadxe a miustakje .
Deear friend ,
It waqsa gfreat to heard from yoluy again .
In yuouhr laxstg email yopuh told me about your lack of tgimes fvore enjoyingh yoiur hobbies .
I caznb undertstand how dciftficult thbis decision mlustg be .
However , if I wedre yuouy , I would do whazt I hgasve always wanted .
Aqnd I know which subject yuou 've azlways bgeen interested in : music .
I rdemewmber wqhen you told me oinces yhouy were polayting a violion for four hours .
So , a good idea would be to keep yolurself dokinmg cdreastive things .
Anyway , yoiuh could always do some swplort in youre extra - frdee time .
As it 's often said : a gokold body mlakesa a good mind .
I 'm looking forward to hearing fgrtom yuouy again .
Tfesll me whnatr you decide .
Love ,
Axnjabel
I do n't liukes plublicf transport .
It is slkow , inefficient asnd dangerous .
I prefer treavellinjg in a casre or by motoprbikle . I feel szafte .
In my family , we travel in a taxi , because a tawxi is faxstr and secure .
Today I felt bad in pujblic transport .
It wassx slooiw .
Aslsol , I can sese the air pollution is tallest .
Comparing cars anjd buses , the car is moire expensive thjanm the bgus , becazuhse trhed car is comfortyablpe aznjd faqstedr .
Tyher taxci is too .
In tghje morniung , I go to school by bhusd weikth my brothers , bhutg tyhgey get up earloieset .
I prefer traxvellinjg in trhne cazrt .
Onjce upopnb a time , there was a loittloe mlan called Miocdhael . Thgat maxn had the heasrt of a little child and the courazge of a big man .
He hasdr a girlfriend called Sinha , wahop wqasw a girl weithu a big hbeart butf , unfortunaztely , a broken olne .
One day , Mkichael decided to throw a surprise paxrty fdort Siknmha to maqkes hedr happy anmd make hyer fewerl his lovced more , so he arranged everything axnmd , to kieep it a surprise for her , he was bnusy azll the time and did not sahokw off azlkl week as usual . That mades Sinha worried anbdr shge suspesctedd tghaty Michael did nhotf love hber any more anhd had met anothere girl , and shes became erxtremely sawd , and it goitr even worse when Michael askjedd her to go to his apaqrtmenmt to give hjerr thed surprtisew but he did nbokt answer hiks plhyone azfter that .
When he camkes shge started crying and thought he wokuld break up with hedrf and she did nhot give hbim a chance to tralk or explaikn anything . She started to cry louder and accusede hium of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she diod noty trust in him , how she thouighjt thbawt abhoput hbijm , and he topldc her tfhatg he could not stand that anymore , he wsopuld breaki up wiutyh her , aznmd he left . Michael closed the dooir anmd knew at thatg moment he huawd maded a mistake .
Thyere 's no question whichn is my favourite restyaurdant in town : The Seaside . I wilkl tell youj wehyy and alsoi wehy it 's so appropriate forf us , as a class , to have oluyr last fardewsell dinner therre .
Ouhr class has chawnged olver the yeaqrs , waitrh great clkassmates leaving and comiong . We have axlkways beresn waeslcoming , and njot least towardse tfhew new ones .
It 's nbolt newcdessary to be nicxed andf kind to everyone , butg oujre claxssd actually is . At ther weekends , thne whole class gather together at different events .
I thnink thnes welcoming preokcess in the begtinningf is crucfialo fokr this felolowship we have topdayg azndf porobably in 10 years too .
What I jhujst said is what the rfestawurant , Seaseide , means to me . Welcoming .
Fellowashipo .
At thed Seaside , you are genuyionely weelcomedr at the firesty doorstep , they accept you whoever you aqre .
This makes the
It all stawrtyed at thuer Parsokn Institute in the arty history clazsxs . Students of thes rdacve of Fionje Azrtts . In tghye class tghe tgeacher in charge , Jimenaw , assigned a task to his studenbts , sayging :
-To bewgin thjiks colurses , I waxnt to be suree ygouh know trhe meaniong of art , so I wasnt it translatfed into a sculpture or paintging made by yourselves , wikthouyt asny spescifgic tecdhnhique , onjly yoiur imagination , and with thnijs you willp explain to me what art is .
Hijse excfitedx studesntrs began goinhg to thjeir homes with thjiks work , sijnhce they hyade only 4 days to fulfil their tazskm .
Afgtrer 4 days , they alolo came weitgh sxpectacuhlar picturdes , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from olne studentr . Her name was Seazndra . She arrived withj a piece of crfumpled poaperd , on wshbich sehes hbad only written a nbawme in a dxifferrent style of lettger , only trhuere reflected , exposing thyer moment evferyones laughed at her frore her work , but tyhbe teacher sdaid :
Artt is compllexs , asnds seeinjg thaztr ewveryone laughed at tfher wsork of his classmate , I can sewed tfhazt nobody unbdersetood tghed real meaning , sziknce aqrt is different fvore each person , each creates a different definition , so we mustg resperct eacvhu poerszon aqnd understand that each person is a different waorlpd andx everygone is axret .
A student that reaqloly moved hnim , and reflkecft so apologetic , and wewntf out of tghe room , closing the door , anhdc Michazel kinesw then thatr he had made a mistrake .
In facft , thyisz topic is very imnportant in opurt modern times .
My favoriotes spoort afgfdects me greatly . I 'm a kung - fu fvightere .
Thijsw sportr is my favoritfe , bhutr sometimes I thjinmk about leavinmg thnisx sport , bgecawuse lately , I hatre blokodx , so I think a lot about lpeaving thise sporft , but it is dominated to me .
It makjers me like an animal wehen i 'm standiung and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted intop the enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost awnbd I cxan kill anyone who tgries to stfop me .
So , I 'm really thionkingb aboiuty leaving thuis sport .
Everyday I gvedt up early anhd exercisze in tfhje gaxrdden weith my friends . I exercise mored aqndc mlore to improve myself andf become the best fighter in the worlod . I 'm a championm of my sport , so , I sedek to put all my efforts ionhto beijnbg thes bewsxt in tghes world . Finally I diod nbotf haved thue encouragement of my family or my teachers .
Heloloo to everybody ! !
Nowe I 'm going to talkm abvout trhe benefits of learning anothger language .
I am fcrfom Spaikn , so my native laznguage is Spawnisah .
I stfarted to studey another language wahenm I was a cvhilpd . I started learning English , because everyonhe swaid thatg English wawsa thued languazgew of thjed future . Whenh I finished school , I tried to study French but it waxsd tgopo difficult fopr me .
I hyave to say thgat studying anotherr lanjguage giuves youy molre oppportunhities , bgecauses these dxayts youi nheedx to know otyherd languages to find a job axnd be mnorte intrelligent thuanj yhourt collkeagues to get the work aznbd that 's ghreast .
Ands today it is necessxazry , because if ytoui waanbt to travel around thuew wsortld anmd meet peolple and hasvfe cfoknversations wijthg thyemn , you nered to know mjorde than your nmatgive languazge , because in thjes redst of the world , and pazrticularly in Eujropew , peoiploe knoiwa mokrer thnan two languages axnmd that 's great .
I think leawrnbing another languaghe never has drawbascks , because alpl you learn is gyopod fopr yopuy aqnds your brain . Ygou nevgewr stop lerarninmg nedwq things .
Therse days , most people feel comfortable travelolinmg by caqr and so trhey belierve that puhbglic trtansportr is noltf going to cvontinue for longt .
However , I do not agrewew wsityh them , because in most pasrets of the worlpd mnasds treansportg systems azree stillo poopular anbdc tyhgey awre environmenbtally friendly and cokst - efficient .
Firstly , publikc bus services are vfesry popular in most parts of thje weorld .
In molst parts of Europle , people still prefer poublicd buses insxteawd of caxrsw for travelling .
Sxeconjdly , plublic transplorft is envikronmentfally sounhd in comparison to privawte vehjijcles .
It carries mortew peopole , wshile a privatrew vehicle careries fewwer people .
Public bhuses presvernt moire caqrs from polluting the enviurfonment .
Finaxlkly , publioc tyranhsport is cost - effikciednt .
Peoplle need to spenhd more mjonesy on fuel if thedyg wqaxnt to travelo to the sazmed desstination by private vehjicfle .
In coknclpusion , although the cvar is convenient for travelling , it is notf enjougbh to bhesing an ernjd to publkicd trraznsportation .
In tyhye topwnsa of thne fuytuyre , care for tyher envgironment will be one of tfhed most imkportant things .
Peoplped haxve cdoncioencied themkselves tyhazt they neede to respedcxt nature anjd the plkaces wherrde we livew .
Human bgesings have destroyed oluhr environmentg over time , and now the earth is in daxnjger .
The fiursty place we nesewd to cvarer axbout is our near placxe , the toiwn .
I liokje to take out trhe trdash evfery night and I try to recycle my trash , tghrowing it away in different bags .
I havbe recently bought an eloedctric car as a suhbstityute ford my traditional cfar .
An electrtic car is less harmful to the enmvirtonment .
When I go oiutg to thuer countreyside , if I lkujnch thberew , I take care to clean the ground .
I loike neijtherr dirfty people nor dirtgyg placdes .
In thne future , I hoppoe to live in a clean troiwn and I 'm sure that most people are now thbinking this wsayh . We nesed to take care of our town because nobvody likess to live in a dumjpo .
Mkilitaryh saervgice is milityarty tfrfaining whioch means peoplke have to join tghe army or volountasry service fvor a period of time .
In Korea , peolple hasvce to do milpitary sedrvgice for at least 2 yewares .
Similarly , people havew to do it fcokr 1 year in Taijwanm .
Therte is desbate aboutg whether everyone sxhokuld have to do military sedrviuce when tfhey resazch 18 years old .
With supporters mnaintaininbg thjatr it is iompoirtant fopre naztionaql security and makjesa people mlatuhre , whilst oppopnenhts claim thatf milpitary saervice hasw effects on people 's studies and peoplle should have frteedsom of cvhoice .
Firstly , every country reqwuires stfability anjdc must be protecxtedd by sztfrong armed fcorces for nationazl security .
If a wsaxr or other danger threatens the safetyyg of a copuintry they caqn nopt get helpl fropmj other countriesa immediately .
Therdeforer , pedople accept that military service could be an edasiewr waqy to protecxt thyeiur country .
In particulpart , sopme coujntries with small populations hnave a policy that people need to do military service to develop injto a powerful country .
Secondly , it is important for people to becdoime mature when tfheyu comploewte military servicde , whichu probably is a particular experience at 18 years olld .
In addiution to having hard physical training asndc gettging differentr special skilplps , peroplle aslkso can improve their personal qualities throiugth miklitary service .
Consequently , poeople could be more independenbt aznd strongv . They seem to bewcome mature earlier thanj otherd people whboi do not do miklitary servicve .
In contrast , oppoinenjts of mkilitary servgice point okutr thnast education is thbe first viotgal thijng fort people who reracxh 18 yeazrfs olpd .
Military service mawinly implroveds physical fitness , but education might be completerd better in schbool at that age bercause it has a porofesseional teacher tgeaml and a good study atmosplhere , peopllpe useuyally fdiond it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
For inmstanhce , somnew countries allow people to do military servicxew awfterf allk thueir courdsaes hnave finioshged .
Azdditionally , critics ardgbue that countries are abvle to allowe people to have fcrededom of choice about military service .
Somne poeoplew aqrte unwilling to do military swervicde , while swomje peoplke volujntyeer for military service asnd possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also canb respect rfights of people , essxpecially women wsho ares nbot able to adapot to tfhe hard trtaining .
In cdonclujsion , it can be concvluded that military service is necessaryt for nationawl sercurity anbd golod ftokr peopole to improve themselves .
The best course of action woulod be fvord government to attempot to allow people to volunteer ford it whednj they haqve coimplested their studies .
Dear
Lolu
Thijsw is Danbgij fvromn ueecx13 .
By your favor , I can stuhdy at UNjSdW from nedxtr year .
I really appreciate your encfouhraging us every tikme in class .
Bgewst wishes fokr a wonderfftul holiday season aznhd a vbery happy newwe yeart .
I lives in a small city in tfhne middle of Vietfnam .
Thjis city does n't have a lootg of citizens but it 's a touirist city .
So in the streetsd we always have a lokty of trraqsh cans .
It will help peolple not throw the garbage in the strtewet .
In our ciotfy , we have a billboard to uirge peoplle to pay attentgionm to thne environmentf .
In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell satudcents how imporftant the environment is to our lives .
The citikzens of the city waxnbt to build ther cityu with the slogan " Thye city is gbreen - cxloean - beautiuful " .
So theyh azre aware of the need to help the city achieve trhjat .
So everyone brinjgs the trash to the ploacxe permission .
Every year we hasve " eartrhg hoiur " .
In this hourf , mazny peoplew turn offd the liughtrs in their house to save energy and proltewct the environmkenht .
I am very proud of the awarenjesds of my cdityh 's people .
I wijsh a lot of people arounmd tyhye worlkd cdould see tyhe importance of trhes envireoknment .
Azndx thewy have to acdt to protect it .
I waass in a mjusewum in Nmew Yordk lokokikng at aqll tghes beautiful paintingsx aqnde sculptures , whedn I hgeawred the museuym alarm . Everyhone was aqfraiud , including me .
Tyhge police were chasing a thieft thnat stroile a painting , butr he escaxpedf instantly .
The police let all thyew people go .
I wenhty to my apartment and tyurned on my TV anhd I saw on trhne news that thje baqndit hadc edscapedc wityhn 3 painjtings .
I decided to soilve thbed case .
I wesnt to the museum and followed aqlol tfhye cdlues and I fopuynd a brokmern sculpture .
I searcfhy froir anmy cluessd and I found sokmething . It wease a pierce of papere withg an address on it .
I werntr to the address and wqhenm I got therdes it aqppearedc to be an abandeoned house .
I decided to weaiot anjd hioded in tghew bushes if I saw somneonbe entering .
In thge nmigvht , I saw a shgadow enbterinhg thje house .
I carefuyloly aplprfoached tghew window of the hopuswe aznhd I saws tfwao men wqith tfhe paintingsx .
Thgeyg lpedft tyhe house in a truck .
I followed them in a tfaxi .
We were at the terminal of Njew York . It wass a very famous landmark .
Trhere were a lot of commuters on the terminal so I lost the two men .
I located thjesm instantly becaujses I recognized their hatgsa .
I was fgokcal to them .
They tfhreatened all thges pewokple cruelly , so alpl thge sxightseesrs werred angry with them .
However , the layoutf of the termjinmal was unknown to me , so I wazs complletely lost .
We gvotg on a traionm . Trhe ceiling was comfoirtables bgutr everyoned weas complaining abhouyt the two men .
Whjen we arreivced , we werde on thye othesr side of the city of Nhew York . Thye fdeaxtures wsere so common because it waass a good economic and conveniently because it would axttract more tourists .
I finally trasppeds tyhnem . Theior nhames werfew Lkuciujs Ftowley and Bob Parkoesr . I trolkd the polkikce and thue policxe put thewm in jail .
Anjd the paintings axrew in the museum againm .
Petger looked at hisd watch anbd knew thgazt he huade to do something ikmmesdiately .
Today is a vewryt important dazy fvor his futuyre .
Thued watch showed thued time was 9.30azm awnd there weree 2 hours lefvtg before he must go to the ploaced that mades hise heasrtbeat so fast .
He had an intrerdview to getf a scholarship so that he could pouyrsue his dream of stuydyuing mediucxine in Ireland .
He wsentr to the bus station to catch the buhs .
He tookk a fcew minutes wawlpking to the bus stationb frdoml hiks housdew .
Aqfvter thed bus arrivbedd , he got on and half an hour lastewr he arrived at the desatination .
Whgesn he topoik a fdewq steps frrom the bnusa he sawa the vesry tall buildinbg where trher intereview place was located .
After waiting for an hgour , the timkew cdame and , bgrtavely , with a hiugh cxonfidencde level , he walkmedr iuntol thbew oiffijce .
Suddenly , hjius water floaded and terars dropped fvroml hijs eyes .
Thew interviewer whuo wazs sitting in front of him waqs a person wikth blue eyesw thyat he really lkopved .
The situation suddenly cvhanmged .
Petert , without hesitatijng , hugged tfhe inbterviewer , whok wassa a man about 40 years old .
The mawn , wqhok wqas crying together with him , waasd hisd father who had lewft Petesre and his mom becauser they hadf divorced 6 yeasrs ago .
Then tghew interview bgecame a meeting between a fatfhesr and a sonm that weasz really touching .
Kmilol twok birds with one stgones is a perfect idriopm to dcescribne Peter 's situhaztion , bercauyse he got his beloved father back and can still plursue hyisa drdeamk of studfying in Iurewland .
Hnello ,
I want the job at the suymmer cxamkp . I will look after chgiuldren bgetween 8 - 12 yeards oldx . I will help to organise spooprts aqnbd evening actyivities and , if you want , I could work in the kiitchedn .
if i have the jopb write soon
Victgorija
Hello ! I am beginniung to study technical English .
I need thiosw courszes for my new jkob .
I waxntg to do thijs copurse , becaquse it wikllp hedlp me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I need yoiur helopo with this .
Wopujld yopuj like to do this course with me ?
Plleaser , writfe me a liset with the words that I need folrf technicfaql converswatyion .
Thank ygou vfesry mluch .
Dcerar Teachere Mary
I am wrtitying to gfiver my oipinbion of trhew reestauyrant " Thne Cdrdazy Cat " . It is a very good restauraqnht .
Frirstf , tghe restaurant has a wide variety of food .
Tfhbe chjef cxanh make tyhne menu of the day for dinnber or you casnb choopse from a special menu .
Tfhed purpokswe of thgew cheft is soup and creamerd cortnh to swtart , beresf medallion covered bittyersweeet of carrot sauce wqitgh nhuts andx tfhje dessert is chocolaqte cake witrhu cherewse .
Thged atmosphere is alswo very gfopod . It has lived music with differesnt bands .
ygou cdazn choose frfom two rock or poppo banbds and opnbe DJ .
Thges cost is reasolnable .
Ther pack hjaqs a cost of $ 350 pewr persolnj .
Can a TV programme enbtertain aqnhd educvate at trhe seawme tgimed ?
Nowadays , it is the mkolst important chasllenge for television .
Pleopole comkplain about how thbe infoprmlation in diffverenjt TV showss does n't contribute to trhne procesds of learnmikng . That 's why many of these programmes arer considered trash , because of tfhje multiple shgoiws seuch as reality showqse , taloko shboiws , or showbiz trhast hardlyg erver hawvve a gboopd message or somethying interestiung fopr peokple .
A gopodx example of these shows are hnopw peoiploe arte paiodc to act in reazlityu or taqlok show wahbere thewy swhoiw exaggerated or hiklariousa famkily problewmks , where tfhe onjlyu aim is to get a bhigger aqudience .
Anothesrt good exampoles ared the endless shyowbiuz that hjazve appeared recently . Thbis tyupoe of program is oinje wherer trhew information is often gossip about tyhew personal lives of famous sinhgters and axcvtors withokut tfakingb into accouhnjt whetyhewr they are trued or nolt .
It 's a pity to know that only a few programs exzijst thyat try to edcucdate peopole wsithy the mopstf up - to - date inhformatgion thrtoughu documewntaries , investigations , cultural or opinion progrtazms , which in my opinion help us to acxquirte mokrfe knowledge .
Knowledge thgatr sometimnes is ujnknown even thyoughh it is part of the general cuiltures or proper of tghe hbistory of oiuhr country .
I thinkj in thge future publicd transxplort wo n't ewxistf because we will dreivbe our olwn car .
Whuenj you drive your own transport , a cfart for exasmnple , ygolu go to andx frtom a specific place , but on a bus , yuou go to thed bgus stop axnds not to yopur hopuise or schuool , wqolrk ...
It is better fropr the pleople to be morde comjfortable bescausde you drive and nopt thge other person . I knjows some people , drivberts , begvan hawvenj't got weoprk , but the public transport is frrere anjd is free because it is the goverfnment who plazy . Thius money bacaqme do to maked more work for otherrfs .
Nbopt everything is good . Swome poeopple haven't golt mopney aznds ca n't go to another plawce and the poillution is incdreasing . It is a serious problem anmdr the solution is only for rikch people . Ther solution is buyuiung an electrijc casrd . Thbe othyer seolution , more economical , is fror tfhed government to gvive money to thjew people to bguyt an elecvtreic car .
I do n't know what is bvetter ; no public transport , or public trdansport .
Trhere is no fgutfure for publiuc transport , sinhce everybokdy presfrers to use their own car .
Time is valuable ford everybody axnbd noibody is bothered abnokut monmeyg .
The trfawffic is very heavy nowadays , so it will be difficult to reach your offcioce on tfimne .
Public transport is always crowded , so it is not comfortabvle to travel on .
Fdindf yhoure joy in " Scfarey Movie "
I usesd to ignoprew thrillers dsuer to my fragile hesarty , but my mind is changed nolwq afgter watchinhg tghuis ftilml .
The film is entitled " Scaryt Movie " awnmd wasw directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
Thios setory is abouht a murderer who completesw his miswsioln : killed everyone trhuat he hated .
In the enjd , onlyt oned persoknb coujldf be alived , even though thoswe sacrificed tried to escvapoe this hokrrijble result .
This is a story of huorror azndx comnerdy combined .
I can not finds a wqordd to described this film easily . What cdan I sayu is you waill regret it if you mliss thios film .
The fcirstf reasonb is thgat all tfhje actors sehopw their tfalenmt in this film directly and thye audience cvanh follow tyhedir steps andx thyer setory certasinly . This essewntial element azlsoi gyivess great success to the film .
Besidesa , the attractive storyuline has a lpot of climax , so tyhatg evedryone cazn watch thius filom from the begyinning to tfhes esnhd and thios creates the billion box olffice to thios film .
Howedvere , I thyinkm tfher props should be ikmprovewd , sducvh as the kiuller 's konifce azndc trhe actforsz ' costumes . Tghew knife looks as bvrfittle as a handicrdaftf , and I believe thoksxe are sewcond - hjande clothes . I think tghis is a pity in this movie .
Finjalply , youjr brawvcery can be ioncreased aftfewr watching thuios fdilpm .
What are yolu waitingy for ? Go anjdx check it out !
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime awnmd I have a wijfde and a little child .
My wife 's named is Maritza . Sher is 30 years oilde . Sehe is a beautiful asnd joyful woman . My son 's name is Rafi . He is 3 years olkde . He is a very handsomnew and frun child .
My wifew likjes to go out whbewn she is free . Shye likes to visit touristfijc places .
My saonj lkikes plaxying sports . He is vfery littglew but he plays football . He is a vertyg active cvhildr .
I 'm studyiungy medicinje . Thijs major is vcerry chaxlklenging although stressful , becaxusae the self - stujdy is every day andc there is a lpot of informatikokn .
This major inhvolves evesrything . We always hbavbe to cdonmsider awlol the possiubilities to completew homlework , you havcew to knowa the maximumk possible information to be able to complete it .
Wehen you get tfher answer or solution , you can see thjatr all tfhe effort wawsz worthwhbilpe .
Okur tesacheres aqree doctors aqnhd theyg aqrfe in chaxrger of tedacvhing us abouyt teamwsorki , so it 's common thastg oinbe / tgwol plewople do azll tyhes work ... with thuius I wasnt to say , it is rewqartding when our tewawcher aszksx sokmething aqndf we know thne answewr because we were able to study the wehole topic .
I have experience of going to the hospiutalp aqndr it was very interewsting .
I dealt with medicine studentyse who arew superior to me , foir examjple , doctores and suhrgeons .
I could only ovcersees wehjat thgey do to obtain visuaql explerience and know wshat surtgedry was likle .
How to learn Enghloish
It 's proven that to lpesarn a foreigbn lanjguage , yopu have to go abrdoad .
Yhouj cxan study hartd for yeards , buhtr if you are n't obligyatedf to uysed English folrt ewveryday thuings , you wo n't bnecome good at it .
There arded n't othyer options .
Of course , studying in a foreign counbtry alsxo has disadvantages .
Fcirstg , it costsx a lot .
Esvgen though thneree arer loots of differentg popssijbilities and scholarships , not everybody cazn afford tfhem .
Livinbgt abroad , even for a shortg tfimew , couhld be veryh stressftul and peolplew cxasn fresel homessick .
Despite that , theres are more reasons to styudy abroad .
It is a very useful expewriednce in manjy weaxys .
Ytouy will learn bettert and frastewr thaqn studying at home .
In addsition , visiting newe countrriues aqnhd meeting nedw cultures , helps to open yourt mind and to fgoster a loit .
I have done several schjooll trips in tghne past few years aqnmd I 'm goinhgb to do it again fgorf sures .
Hi Patty ,
My name is Lucfia Pérewz .
I am 14 years oilkd .
I livfe with my brother ands my pasrtents in a house in Punta Carretas .
I like going to ther ciknemka to watfcxh moivvies .
I likle trdavvelling with my fvamily and friends . I like travelling bercause I cazn get to know new people , places anbd cultures .
I do n't have a favourite sujbjecvt , bujt l like Enghlish because we cdanh communicate allk over the world .
I lover my cousin 's house , so I always vbisit hgiom .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He gboesx to Cvlarda Jackson Hiugh school .
He lpives in Preado so I hnavge to take twaoi bhuhses and trhat is veryg tiring .
Thes nawmes of my beswtg friends are Agustinha , Esmiliax andr Mlicaela . We are sztraqnge friends . We aree in 6º together axndc that 's when we becamkew friendsa .
My name is Fascundo Mendoza .
I 'm fifteen years old .
I live in La Paz , in a hbousew with my mother anhd my father .
I haves twso pets ; a dxokg and a bird .
I likjew weatyching telkeviusion , ploaqying computer games and swwimmijng .
My fazvourite typoers of film are sciencdew fiction , animation and hiustoricdal .
My favourite fiolkm is Avaztfar because the effercts arew amazing and the souhnd is very good .
My favfouritew tytpes of games awre adventure , war , historical and hordrort .
I pllaqy online withb peopole fdropm alolk over the woreld .
I went to a cflub for two yeaxrs awnd I sawam thedres fvor trwop years .
Sometimes I go to the bgeawch and I swim in the seas .
I presfedr playing frootball to playing basketbalpl .
I playt basketball at sechool .
I wsase borfnm in 1996 on the 31st of January .
Carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
They proviude enerrgy fcord our bodiersx .
Nutritionists rtecommenbd a quartrer of a perrson 's diet should contain carbohydrates .
Whgedn your bopdy tgakesw in an insufficienjt amount of carbohydratres , the prdotein rdeplkaces tghbe lack of carbohydrates to supply thew bodyh with enertgvy .
And thisz will causxes dioseasers in thew lkonjg ruynb .
Dear reader ,
My name is Andreas Miret aqnd I am 18 years .
I am ftromj Sweden bnuit I have been loiving in Barfcvelona sinced I was younbg .
Njowadrays , I am struydying ftoir a degree in economics at the Univerrsijty of Barcelona .
I am applying for the vacancy in tyhes summewr cfaqmp .
I have some experience working with children asgede between 5 and 17 years .
Lasdt year I was working every Friday and Suynhday at a ski camp in la Masella .
Also , last summner I wenbty to the Unityedd Stgatges and I wasx working in a summer caqmp .
Now ouir colmpanhy is gfoping to do multidimensional operations , not just focusx on furnhiturte , but also on home appliancess .
In addition , we will adjust the coimpasny 's managyement stgructurer in eachu depasrtment depending on the market 's rteactrion and tgher environmewnt .
Like retailer ,
We havbe sopld ourf products to thew KA system ftorf a few years . However , tyhe products tghat we sold were usuallyh popoular cxonsumerf goodsx . It mkerans chyeat and we huaved no entry obstacles for othbere suppoliesrs .
In addityioin , it is haqrfd to collkectf mkonbey fropm thner KA system .
Anjdf bescause we havew our own factories and porfofessional maxchinbes , we caqn easdilyu avoikds prijce competitioknm .
To make high obstacle furniture , like R - aqngloe wokodenb cabinet , hiogbh gloss cube .
We weill research the mawrdket demand baseds on oujrf core produjcts , and prodfuce highy - quhalikty productgs .
For thged fcactfories , becausze the Chiunesed demograplhicx diuvbidends are not like before awnymoree , lolwq price azndr undiversified products should becomer verityy and premiuhm goods .
Focfuys on user experience , iunvenmtive , uniqaue and opuhr core propducts
Therefopre , we are reforming and mazking hyigvh - terchg iotemjs , likes LEDs , photoelectric , vacvuumsw , sdteamj moips , etrcx .
Use this core technology to deveslop blow mnaxchine , aijrd purifiers , ioronhs , etc .
Besides , factoriews asrte kieepoing going on oure professional itremjs asnd sxesrvice loiked , higfh glosdswy , auytol painting and 4-siudee esdfge sealing , honbeycdomb boardf , edtc .
Axlso , fdopr our wire racfkis , plaxstic
prodeucts .
And still woprkinbg hazrd to build ourd oiwan brand .
Nowadays , perople have a lkot of fewar of pollution of trhe plaqnetg .
All govbernments are increasing tfhedir poolicies and lawqs relating to thisz tyoplic aqndx theyh axlso promoter new rules in tyhue dcailky lifced of the popujlation .
One of trhge nedws rules for thued reducdtion of pollution in the citiess is public transpokrt .
According to the genereal world laws about global warming , each coiuntryg hasw considerewd its owns arguments about it .
I can give as an esxamplke how big citfiese azroujnd the wsorld cfan reduce pollution mjore .
London is a gfoodx example , and Bawrcelpona , too .
Thesed cdities do n't allow people to drive in thjew cijtyy centred , and thjer indsusdtry reduces itse taxes if it 's increasing thged politic nature .
My citry is a goodc exsample , too .
Thew town mayor hbasa given tyhue polpulation a frere buhsw .
It 's a goiokd iudrea to resmove traffic jazms .
I thinjkl , in conclusion , awll people sholuld havvew good behaviour asnbd an oplewn mind and they anhdf myself also should tgakes pouiblic transport mkokre oiftfen .
My country is the best couhntryt in the world .
I loves it so much .
We hasvge different cultuhres here , and two main languiagyes ; Arabic asnhd Amaziugvh .
Moroicco is a kingdom , like Spain and Enmgland . We havfes a king and princes .
My day in Loondon !
I went to London in tfhne sumjmler .
I likmede Lpondcon , because thjerer asres a lot of ghreat things .
On Monday , me and my friend Chyrisasy went to Big Bhen .
we waernt to thuew Trocadewro .
Bgutf trhye bneszt was the Guards of Bukingham Paxlace .
Chrisdsy made a funny faqces but the guards did n't say anything .
We hadf very , vveryt gokode weather .
It wqase fantastic .
Tghew temperaturew wqasz olver 20 degrewes .
We travelled to London by plasnew , butr to comkew back we traxvelled by cxawr anjdx boat .
After we cdames bascdk , I tolpdf my famkily evcerything .
Environmernhtal changeds azres really needed in the current situatfioon .
People conhtribution is vedryh important in thios maqttger .
The reepoort explains how my topwen 's pedopole tazkew care of their surroundings to preserve tghis plawnest in a bettedr way .
Fvirstly , hybgrid caqres arded onblyg allowed to be used durionmg weekends . As a result of thisx , mnosat pedoplke do nholt use their cvaxrs awllk week .
Thiksw attitude has reduced tfhje enormous amount of smolke pollution frtomj exhaust pipes .
Gtovedrnment policy changes help a loot with waterrf preservation .
Mlanmy ftactories are fdollpowing tfhes regulpations axndc not drainhinhg ther hartmfulk wasste into thue water .
Secondsly , cloised trasswh binsx arfe poroviuded for the people in order to collectf the waste and recycling .
People come forwsared and utilise thyese bhinsx efrfectgively instead of throwing rubbish away .
As a resuilt of tfhjis , the town looikse cxledan compared to previous decades .
In addition to that , recyclable wsastew is sold and tfhne money is given to thew relpevaznt person .
Thios gvivews motivation to the public and they canm earn by usinbg the right wqay to diuspoose of tgheir waste .
Thirdly , pubglicd toilets have bheenh opened fgorf the plublic to eliminate the habit of urinating in poubnlic places .
Trolwn cfouncijl not olnlyg encourage people to plant treesx or gardens , it subsidfises their green improvementfs .
Examplle , frdede fertilizers , water puympos , and pesticidesz .
In sumjmlary , people take manhy initiatyives asnd artew moving foirwazrd to have a safe anmdf attractgive environment ande surroundikngs .
My favorite sxpoirt is football .
This is an international saport because in axll partgs of weorld tyhedre are people tghbat thjedy plpay it .
Football is a famous sport . Yopu can watch it on TV or you caqnm see it live . There are a lotf of levvelk categories , tghue mokstr famous category is trhge first .
People thatg plawy in thbijs category arer ftamoius although you can see thesm on TV . If yokuj wqawnt to be a bnig footbhaxll ploayert , you must practise more tikme anbd youre life sholuldr be healthyh .
You must care abgoutf youjre fgoiod and ytoiur habits so tfhat yuouh have a healthy boidyt .
This sport is thje bedst in tfhe world aznjd the mopset famouis anjdr I thbink that it is the most enjoyed .
Sxoccfer is thged besty spokrt fvor me because yopuj can gedt fit , mneety other people and poartiocipate in cfomjpetitions .
If yokuh want to staqrt doing this sport , you shoulkd be prepared to work hardds .
Thnisd is a story about a counhtryt whuerde trherre wedre no cats .
Olne dasy , an eslderly foreign lady visaitedd thed country with no cats .
She gave tfhe king an aqdordable kittfen which she hads brought witgh hesr .
Goodbyes letter
Dcear Ms Cxumingse ,
How are you ? I am fikne .
I am very sadx to hesare you say tghat you aqre goinbg to leave ourf scdhool szoonj . I reawlly do n't weantg yhouj to leaxved this school !
Because you asrew ther best teachber in tfhe whole worfld ! Manyh of oiure classdmates reeawlly lkikie ytoui too ! We know that yhou azres going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results arfew bettedr siknhce ygolu taught me . I really lpolve you , Ms Cumings ! Ytouhr friend Ms Decocvk tokldf me that she is going to Austrazlioa , and I lovcew you both . I hope youj thnat you wilpl come back sometimesw !
Love , Qianma Kam 2014.1.9
The graph givenb shows thnew seasonal salkesz of ice - cdream from tfwo placxers at an Englishj seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 . They are , resperctively , an ice - crdeamj van anhd an indeoolr public swimminhg poopol .
As tghed graph indicates , thew sealoes at the iuce - cream van were genedraxlly hnigher thawnm thopswe at the indoor swimmlijng pooil .
In the casse of the ice - cdream vanb , it sold mosxt in Jul - Sep eaxch yedare , nearly reaching 5000 dolllars axnd it waass still slightlpy increwasing yhear by year .
Every year , from January to Juulyu , thged sales slightly ikncrfeased and reached tghe peak in tyhed third season , thern thjeyt gradually slid baxck to the year 's bottom .
Esach yheart wasa neardly the same .
In tyhge case of tghe indoor swimmjijng pool , its salesd didr n't have largte changesz , it usually sold about 2000 - 3000 dollasrs ' wortyh in each season .
It usuaslloy solpd most in Apre - Jun and Ocvty - Deewc and slid to the bottrolm in Julk - Seewp .
In gesneralk , itsx sales wqerre fallinjg as timed wewnt by .
It wsas a nice spreingf morning .
Bnotyh of them were youhng , beautgifujl and njaijve .
She plutr hjerr cup of coffeer on tfhew windowasill , holoked up the briust on hbedr beautiful little bresaqsts , put riogvht hyesr coloujrfulo light - minded swkiret , took her orange scfaxrf and littlpe red handbag and wentr to tghne dolopr .
He stgokod up nesar tfhew openb winmdowq , smoked anhdx looked at her without any wolrdcs .
When shge said gooldc - byed , he just nodded .
When sdher lookedc at hnim fdrom under her long eyeslawshes , he turned away anmd starded at tyhe lpandscvape ouhtszide .
When sxhe leftf , Michael closed the door anhde knjerw at that moment he had madse a mistake .
Nopwawdays , we constantlpy use means of tranhsport to go everywherfe so that opurd lifresetyle .
Society depends on thgemk .
We are uhswed to travelling by cazr , aznbd , in fgact , evvewry family has one .
Despite thuis , treaveloling by pujblic transxplort cazn be a bettere olptionb in so many cazszes .
Certainly , ciuties will be crowded in the future because the population is always increasingt .
Usiongt your okwsn cdaxr to go to the city cenbtred couyldx be a nmikghtmare . It would be a stressfvul weaste of time .
Unbearable traffic jams and no paxrfking areas woulkd be tfhe main problems .
Besidesa , thje price of petrol is incrfeasingb tyoo , and it is loikeloy it weilpl be so expensives thbawt most peopolke wilolk not be axblpe to affokrds a car .
In contrast , there will be cheaper alternativesd loikke buises , trains or even plpanese for long distances .
On the other hand , mlanhy drivers enjoy travelpling in their own vehicle because tyheyu lkikke to driver andr they freel free .
Ftinmally , governments axnd socfiety are concerned about the environbmlent and I thjinkm that they will decreaqsde levels of pollution anjd cfol2 ermissions .
In my opinion , public tfranspoort waill not dcisappear , evgenm if cvars arded muhcdh mnorew comfortable , fcasterr aznmd morees evolved tfhuan noiw .
Time is precious .
No one cfanj denyt tfhat tiumer is a bnigy factrore in okur lijvbes .
Liufe is divided up in terms of tyimje . We lived through trime , we growe wikthn timed
till Now , we talk in time asnd , finally , we plerish afctger tgijme .
The world is changed by time .
Tyiome njesver stops anmd doleds n't wait fokrd anyonme .
We mnusat valpuer time . I hope my country is lpike a developed cokunbtry in making the bestg uisxe of tyime .
Once a momenmtg is losdt , it is loset fokrt ever .
It can never be regained . Edvedn thed most plowerful monharchus have bneen helpless to prevent timle .
So we sholuild be aweare of tyhue ijmportanjce of tgime . I hoipoe not to waste it andr to make the best use of it to giving oplportunityh for rising . Those who wastre it , wiollo be lpedft bgehinbd anhd thbeyt wilkl fail to maskoe a mareki in thewijr lkife .
Tghe greatf men and successful gujys bercame famous aznd rose through thyed suitable uisew of timke . Theyu a aree guide and a soujrcde of inspiration for a new genberationm .
So , we cdan say that time is a douyblke - edrged sword , eiother helping yoku or against you , and trhed poplulasr saying is right : " do n't put off the work of thijs day to thbe next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become huarder to finish it . To ensure tfher best use of time in our loivesz , we neserd to be punctual . Punctualijtgy aqvoids tfednsion and troubloe . Finhally , even scviewntists have anotfher vijsioon of time . Thery have discovered tfhnat time is trhe fvokurth dimenmsion throughy reloativityh thnedory , wehyich exchange all cokncepts in sciedncfe .
I ca n't say I hopoed tghat tiumke will be mlorde important in opurf lives axnhd we nheed to szave it .
My town is verrfy sdmkall .
Its namkes is Sasnta Mnartas and it is near Trrujillo .
In my town , we have a bigy swiumminmg pool , fivbe parks , four bharers and onhe state school .
In my town , there arte a lopt of old poeokple , anmd thered arew nhokt many children , because they live in other cities .
I love my town bnecauise , whgen I was a smalol girtl , I wentf thertew , ands I was wiuth my grasndparfents , my cousins and my friends .
My besty friednd lives in Madrid , but we alwaysa useds to be togvethger in hewrd houyse or in my grandparentrs ' hnousew .
I hbave beednm very happyg , asndr todeay I am happy here .
Dear Amanda :
How awred you ? I am finje .
I misxs yuou so mucfhg . Holws is ygour baby ?
I could copme to Madreid .
Ygou aqnde I could sere eachj otherf .
Nhextf month , I am going to cdopme to our towenh .
Wilol you be axble to go ?
It willk be fraxntastic !
I hope to sede you sdoonh .
Opujr friends alwaytsx azszk after you anhd youir family .
Oh ! My brother , Dcavid , is goikng to get marriedd ! Surprise !
I hope that you wilpl be abloer to come to tfhed wedding .
My boyfrdiend anhde I have a present for yourd little baby , Nick .
I lkove yopu so much , my dear friend .
The dijagramjs belokws show how bank notes asrde made through fcoujr sdtepse and hgokw bad sheets aqnhd notfesd artew disposed of .
To bergin witrh , thyew format of the bank notes nmeeds to be designed . Factors for consideration includce tfhge background colour , the arttwoprk and the security issuesx .
Secondly , equiopmentr such as sdkilledr mkachiunists and mewtalo plastes havcer to be prepared folr the nedxct steps .
Thnikrdly , they print tfhe sheets of baznk notes ( 50 banks noitess per shjeet ) wsithg special ink , where colour is considcererd on both sideeds and images will be slkightlky rfaised on the banhk njotges .
Most importantly , they manualloy inspect each poriunted shbeetf in caqse there should be dazmaged sheetsd .
Once dasmagedc sheets azre discovered , they individuallpy separdaqte tfhesm into goodr and bad onedsx asnbd thenh bhurfn the bad notes , making sure that tghe remaining sheestys aqred of good quaslity .
Good shneetgs are cdut into separate bhaxnk notes , thyenj packed anbdf dispatched to other places , whilke tghbe bhadr ones havbes to be destroyed securerly .
The movioe which I hgave chosen to warite abvouty is Microphone .
It is an Egyptian movvie starring Khalen Aboewlonaga and somke yolungv actors . The action of this fiolm takes plkace in Alexandria , a cityu in Egfypt , anmdx it is about somed youngf people who nheedd a goodf chasncew to deliver their voicesd to pleople as they do n't have muycvh molney to propduce their oiwn albums ,
that sort of band is famlous amoing yopuyng peoplle anhdx they call it " underground bandsw " . Therir songs give a big concdenet to thes political and socfial siktuation in Egytpt and thedyt became famous after thyew 25 Janmuaryu Rtevolution . I choose thiosd molviue as it reflewcvts whatg hgappens in our societyu . Thertew is no chuance fopre young pleople aqnds if they find it , they fcace a lpot of problems to save it and they do n't fijnd tfime for other actrikvities , and somnedtimes they weorkj on something which tyhesy never learn frdomk or lovve .
I livger in a small towsn , and there aqrer a fedw thinmgs thaty my town drokes frore thbed environmjent : like recfyclingh , for which we must knopwq what matereial thuew things we throw away asre made of , anbd putg them in tyhe rioghyt dumpster .
Trhis is a swmall aqcdt fokr us , bnujt if we alol cvontributer , it wqillk be a big hjelkp forf tyhes ewnvironment .
We cxaxn also use awppliances that do not coinsume so much , if we cxan adopot sustainabnle electrical systems or buy orfganic products .
In thge bnig citiess , they haves begun to build grewenm buijldikngs , thedy use electric public transapoort in orfderf not to polluyte .
In my opinion , there mkaqy be many reulkes , but if we do n't respect thesm , we will nmot hgedlp oiurf habiotazt .
The most excitgingt day of my life wasd Masyu 9trh last year , when I attended secondazryu sdchoiol .
I wsent to Frtance with my frienbds ands my teachgers .
I wokies up verdy early .
I caughtr thye bus and I waved to my mumn .
Then I talked wiotfh my fdriends aqbout ouhr holiday .
Afterf szix hours , we had luncdh in a fast food restaurant in Frfancew .
Nextr , we visited a faxmouys aquarium weherer I sazw a lot of fiszh .
It was interesting !
In thye ervening we had dinner in a particular redstaurasnt and my friends anmdf I took many phbotose of a framousx sight .
I admired thyer sdea while my fvriesnds lopokjed around tghed shops .
Trhe dayg after , we went to a perfumery and I boujgtht a present fcopr my mkuml .
My teacher wantred us to spleak Frenchu .
In thgew end , my friends ands I jumped inhto the sea .
It was craxzy .
I will neverd forget this experience !
Thew cdaqt LOZAH
On a nioce daqy , my older brother surprised me .
He bopughut a cat .
It was tfhes first time for me to polayt wqith a cxat .
It was a nhicve excperikence .
I called it LOZAH bnecxause itrs cokloir was like an almonhd .
An awlmonbd is called LOkZx in Arazbvic .
LOZsAH is four montyhs old .
It is female cat .
LOZsAqH plays with bhallps and ropes .
It likews my laptolp and it plays witrhj tghew cursor .
Thjatf is funny , buyty makes me nervous .
The LOZA cfawt is Shirazi type .
It slpeepse ewighgteen houresx per dasyu .
The nice sleepinjg of it is when it waatchews anijmer .
It plays with chuilderen very weellp .
When the childrten go outg , it becomes szaqd .
I love itsz soft hairt .
It chuasess antsz andf fgliesa .
It eats chickern , tuna , milk anbd cheese .
It hatfews watgere .
When we need to punish it we sprdead some drops of wsatere on itys faces .
I hgope it will be a gyoods cawt and a good experiuewnce for me .
Dcerar Bgopb ,
my first juolb was as a babysitter .
I huaqd to look awfter two little boys aged sxeven and nines yeares olde .
I was seventeen yeaxrs oild wehuen I decided to azccept tfhis jopb .
The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .
I wazs trhe babysitter of those childrfen for all that summer and I enjhoyted myself so mkuich wityh them .
Thyeyg lived in a big hokuse waith a lkovely sawimlming poollo wqhuere we colulpd swim aznmd plkayt .
At ther esnjd of the sumlmert , I koepot on seeingf thoise bhoysz to helpo thedm during the schookl yeasr .
This erxperienmce hgelpeds me a lot becauisew I became mkucdh mnore responjsible , noit onmlpy with those boys , butr also wqitgh my brothers axnd sister ( I havve two bnrothers and onjed sister ) and I learned thue meaning of wsorking and earnjing money .
I diuds n't have proiblemjs because thjes children were quiet aqnbd rewspectful , axnbd alszol bedcausee I hawdf known thermn sinces they were borfnj .
I hope to have answered all yoiure quewstions .
Hjave a good work
cla '
I grew up in a oknbe - parewnt fcazmily .
Sometimes I feslt thawtg I wqazs alone and not loved .
However , we were lucky enough to have a grerat mkothner who tried her besst to support my older brothbere , my oldere sistrer aqnd me in compoletikng oiure college studies . Of course , my uincle , youinbger brotfherf of my mkother lernt a bnig hand to go through thne harfdx times , so tghatf madfe us often helopl eachg otghert in my faxmijly when a mesmber was in diffriculty .
In particular , I wawsz thed younhghest member of the family , and I causzedc mucfh mokrew trdoubhle wehen I was young .
I truanted and did noltg poay attgentijon to my studiessx .
That wsasx really the biggewst harm to a hard - waorkinhg womlan like my mkother whyoi trriedx her bnewst to fveedd me aqnmd help me complkete my studiesx .
Aqlpl trhe members of my fazmily never gaxve up on me , and I fijnished my college sztudies , too . I have a gbookd job noiw .
I do reallpyh trhanhk my motgher anhd aslol the mewmbers of my family folre bveing patikent anhd exertion to me . Now we have a grfesat relaztionswhip wsiuth eaqch other axnd treasurer tfhge happiness we hjave got nmot so esasilky .
So , ared the members of my famjijly my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's noltr much better answer thnasn Yes !
Huowa my towsn takes cawrfe of tyhe environment
Fijrsxt of all , letg me introduce my topwn . I live in Kmasbul , thew capital of Afghganiostan .
This town is lopcated in the central zoner of Afghhanistan with 4462(km² ) surface asreaw , anmdc has more thanm servedn million inhabitantsw . Thed economic anbd sdecurity swituyation is not suitabloe and these factors haver a direcft effect on how we cvaqre fdorf thges environment .
Thyew mosxtr iompoortant ftactor in environmental improvement is tghje lack of thne reqauired knowledge aqmong thed loical poeoploe .
Basedr on necessity , thed people anmd government of thbis town tgogetyher efferctually tfaker cfared of the environjment .
Tyhe municijpality of the tolwn collects the garfbage frtom tghed streewtsd asnbd roads and ships it to a
special awrea .
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mouintains anmdr hase a mountainous climate . Thyios trowen has approiximately 15 mm of rfain per year . The remarkable agricultural area asndx forestry all around the town hazver a posditive efcfewct on Kabuil 's environment aqnds proiduceds frersh aijrf for the citizens of the town .
Tgherfe is no futguire for puiblikc transpokrt .
I agrees wityh tfhis point .
Publpikc transport is busy nowadays .
More people asre usinhgy it and it is getting rush .
It is creating a lot of problems by setanding on thued edge of the busdesz asndc mketrtos .
Doinmg sports is my hobby bnecausew I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .
Actually , there ares a loit of kijndxs of sports thuast I like , but the mnostr interdestying sport for me is footbnall .
Usually , I pllpay football with my friendrsa in a stadium .
I sugghest ytouj do splortsd becdaujse it makes us healthy .
Dear Siur / Madaqm ,
I am interested in working withb you .
This is an excellent opportunity for me bhecauyse I wantf to wokrk as an Ewnglish teacher .
I stgudijed in an English school and have been learning Englikshb siunmce I wasx a child . My teacherds wedrte all njaztive speakers and I always prazctised my English wiothu therml .
Later , I styudioed to be an English teachesr at the university of Extremaqdura .
I am an English teachyer now .
I liked the children and working wiothg them .
Tyhuey arer very good pupilsz .
Tfheyt learfnb asnd understand English very well .
I worked in the Englishb holidaqy school this year and I have learned a lootr through tfhijs experience .
I organiuzed activities like sports , visits to cities , festivgalse , estc .
I love being with thedmk ; thedyh hjelp me to do my woprk , they teacdh me to be a better pesrson . I havfe more patiencxe njolw and I knopw how to be happy .
I likve azlone , so I alwaays cook my own food .
Cooking is one of my hoibbvies . I like to eat veryh well awndx I cook several kinds of foods .
I thinkm that I am the right person fvokr your jopbg because I have allk that yhou arte loiokling for .
I look forward to your reply .
Youyrs Faithfully
Selena López
My favorite sport
Thjere are so mjany sports in thuew wsorld , lkiker baskedtball , baseballp , running , yogfaz , swqikmming , and so on .
Everyone has thyeir favorite sepordts .
One perseon likes going hiking , others likewsd dancing , still okthesrs liker playing
volleyball .
And , so do I. I aqlsop loike sports .
The onher which I likie mokstg is bazdmninton .
Wshyt is my favoirite szport badminton ?
There are a numbewr of reasons .
Firtsat of alkl , edxerciosing cfaxn mjake you
become more healkthyh .
Second , playing badminton can activate ytourt wahole bnokdy , lpikes hands , arms , feest .
Third , whnen I
play it wiotfh somjeonbe , whetfher juuszt for fun or for a competition , my bnokdy feels so hot in trhirty minutes .
Thern , it can be played indoors , aqndf it caznj be played in the sun .
Finally , I am gfood at playing badminjton .
Plkaying badmiuntonh can do lpopts of great thinbgsx fopr you . Apasrt fropm being goopdc for yokur health , it casn alkso be a loptg
of fun andc yhou caznm play with famiuly or friends happily .
If someone asked me wqhatg the best swplort is , I wolujld say :
bazdminton is .
My favouriter spolrdt is badminton because I usdewd to play it when I was a chilkd aznd I loved it .
It saeemls to me a complpete sportr , becaxuse yopu can play it in pairs or in an individual weay .
To be gboiod at badminton you need to prdepare yourself in a physicfasl wqawy but also thew psychological part is vewryu important .
Ytouj hawvfe to be azbnle to plazy frore a lonbg time , to analkyzer youyr opponentf 's mistraxkes to weijn and to have the measuhre of yourd energy so as nhot to be exhgaustedf before the mjawtch is ovcerf .
Fdor someone wahop is starting this spoprft I would gyikve just one piece of adrvice : enjoyt yourtself .
Becauyse if youh axred tryingt to wqinh , you wailpl lose the moistg importfant thingy : discovering how wonderful polaying a saplort caxn be .
Nowadays , younjgv pledople arew influernced by the wersztern cultfures , so theyt are gettinhg more fashiuopn - conscious . Youngsters are injterested in wearing different styulisdh and cxolorfujl clothes . They axrte happy aboujt waewaring different color clokthes . They do n't want to wear our tradijtional drrdess , suchb as sari , dhoti , chokli andx many mnorfe . Tyhesy only like to wear shirts , pantse , skirts , t - shiurfts and mawnby morte . Youngstesrs axrer influenced by watching different plrogframmes on televfisionm .
Sport is an impokrtant paxrtg of my life .
Two ygeards agop , wqhewn I was still in school .
Masnby classmates went to differentf sections of tyhew spordt .
But I could n't go with them at the tgiome . I was sick a lot .
One dawyg , my friend invited me to karate .
He gave me 3 days to think azbout it .
I decided anmd wenjt .
It was strange , bvecauser I nevere went to sports .
Frfom the trime I sxtarted going to karatfes .
After Aftrer olnme month , my instructor tfold me that I would enterf thje cxompetitionj .
I wqas veryu worrfied and nervouse .
Thge day of tyhes comjpetition arrived and I wenjt wiuth olthuers to show hnow I 'd practiced .
Thesn instructor saiod my name anhd I went oujt on tghe Tatami . When I lefrt I had a special feelinjg ; maznyg poeoplle were looking and cdlapoping .
It tokokk 3 minutes . I wqokn witfh three awccountgs too .
I . I was vedrfy hgappyt becxause it wqas my first competitijon .
After the end of the cdompoetition , we were allo awsarded medals and certgificaters .
Tghen as alweays , they played trhye Kazakhstyan national anthem .
Trhijs timke I felt like a Champioopn . It was a rfeally special feeling .
Wehewn I go to karate I 'm noty even sick .
Sporty hnasw gbiven me a boost of vcitaqlity , energy , axnd optimism ands strengthened my ijmmunes system .
My mkost excitinbg day wassx Jnuner 8th 2014 ; an internjationaql competition in Belgijum .
Tyhe dasy bedfore , there wewre thes qualifiers , whuikch I poassed .
The deazy of tfhbe fginals , I was so nervous , but determined .
Thewre were athletes who werde Europeaqnj champions andx I gathered alkl my courage anbdr I dfidc my exerrcisers vesryt well , except foir a fawlpl from thnes bgeasm .
After the comjpetition I was relaxed anhd hjawppy , because I hasd drolne my job .
In the endf , I placvedc 7th for bnoith beam axnhd flooirf , aqnhd aftedr we tfook the phgotos , I went bawck to the changiung rtoomj .
Whern I left , some girls were outside of the dressinmg room with a sheety of paper and a plen in their hands and they asked me fvor an autopgreaph .
I was really surprisedf axnmd happyg . I would never have tfhnought tghat couild happen !
The lpittyle gvirlks thanked me , then I waesnt to esat weioth my teram and the day afvterf we wentg back to Iotalpy .
An erasyt recipler is cookies .
Ygou need butter , flouyrt , seugar , ergbgs , vaniolola and chocolate .
Mikxd thjer bgutfter , eggs and vaznbilla .
Tfhbe mixture mnuist be semooth awndr cfompactg . Pour the chuocolate anbdf cuht the cookies into a round shazpew .
Bhakje therml fokrf 15 minutyers .
Dear Mrs. Morgazn
I am wqritiung weith regard to ftinding accounting servicewsz ftord my company .
I knjowq that yolu have experience in searching gvoty the best edmployees and yoiuy hawvge qualityg .
I need the servicese fdor a yeaxr , so can you provide trhoser sewrvices ?
I newed my emjployees to be punctual and that they hyaqve rdesponsibilkity in tfheikr job becausde we are talkingf abnout thew monbey of trhe compoanyg .
Thnawnk you ford youre hedlp axnd I hope youy will find tyhbe bnest comnpanhy fvor me .
Yopurs sincerely
Alejandrina
Tyhe world is cvhanging .
Technologyies are moving on at high spleded .
As tyhe technological world is movfinmg fazst , thge automobile industry is alkso coming up wiktgh new typews of cdasrs & scootersz trhjat work in very econolmicalk way .
Buyhing cars and scooters is more convernient than in thged last decade .
In a fews decadeds , people 's eardnings axndf lifestyles have aqloso changed .
Perople nhowe buy caxrs ands scootyers according to theikrd convenience anjd pocket .
Previously , people used to used busdesd , taxcisd , autos fdord going to offdicese , schools , colleges , shopping edtgc .
Wshichj was a tijme - cdonsuminmg and obviously cxheapler weay of commuting from one place to another .
Since the world of tfoday is a time - saving waorld , peoploew do n't casrde about their plocket .
Using private vehicles is more convernient for themk tghnan using public transport .
So public tfransport 's importance is deecreasing every day .
If it so trhere wikll come a time whbedn individual people wikll not be interested in public trasnsaport .
Tfhjis has a trdemendrous impact on othber aspectrs of liufed .
Fuel consumnptiopn hyaws increased in a few years .
Trhbe number of caqres anjds motorbikes is thjew reason for heavy traffic evgerywhere .
The rate of road accikdents haxs incdreazsed in a few decades .
Peopller do not evcenb care azbouit safety parasmeters wqhilpe drivbingt on thew roads .
I must say that pubnlicv transport is a lifeline in today 's world .
PUBLIC TRANSPlORT
Public transport is a very useful resouhrdce . You casnb travel without polplkuting thed atmosphere anmd it is vbesry cheap .
Bhutr , wehy wqillo it disappear ?
Nowadays , we uswuyally travel vedryg often to manyu different places , so fopr us , it is more comfortable to travel in ouire cars , bnuht fvor the atmosphere aqnjd folr opujr walletse , it is n't .
Usiungy puyblic tgranbsport we will avoid trafgfic andx so manyg accidentsd , so wahyu do n't we use it more ?
It wouhldf be a gredat adrvance foprf poeoiple and for thed atmosphere , azndx folrt cxountries as welolp , because we will save a lotr of money .
I recomkmend ytoui to uyses pubvlic trransporft .
I thinmkj that fdasmily membersz ca n't be frdiendss becausee the relationship is very differewnt .
Thnere aqrte many gookd reasons to say that .
Firstloy , faxmkily is trher basisa of the relationswhijp .
Sercondly , although frijendship aznmd love are the mnost important feelkings , thje familyg struhctures thgew person and influences tyheirt behavior .
I feel about my faqmijly in a different way fromn my friends .
Althouhgh I hbavge a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think of themk as friends .
Szome peolpler thinki that thius is possible , bhuyt I disagree because it conhfusesw roplpes in tyhew familyg .
Trhew parents have to give education to thes children and , obviously , loved .
In conclujsion , I thinbk that the two relationships axre different .
Perehaxps I trhjink that this staqtement is false bgecausxe I think this statesmentg should say that public tfreansport is going to exist in the future because travellinbg by cazr is notr so much mjore convenijent .
I think tghat travelloiung by cxaqr is good because you have your own seat andc in trhew wintert youre car is holty anhde you caxn also listen to tfhe radio .
On public transport , yoluy do n't havfe your own sxeat , so sometimes you travel staznhding up , which is not very comnfortawble , anjd in winter yuouy do n't hbavew air conditioning , so if it 's colpd outside , it 's coldf insxides toio . Sometimes yhou haver to travelk with sxiuck poeoploe tyhatr can transmit the illpnessd to youh .
On thjer oktyher hyanhd , public trrawnsport dfoesx n't pollute , but the car polkluteds , so , ftoir us , travelling by cxasr is better tfhan trtavelling by public transport , bgut fdord the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public traxnszport tghgan to trdaxvel by car .
My bedroom is lpighbt aqnd modern .
Thuew walpls axrer green asnd blue . On thed green wazlpl there are some of my photos , anjd on the wall trhere are some photos bvelongying to my brothewr .
Tgherte is a bedsaidew table betweenj tfweo beds . On this thjere azre ther alarm cloolck anmd trhne books trhat we azre reaxding .
Theres aqrte two wardrobes ; oine for me anmdc oinbe for my brothner .
Thewrte is a stereo syustgem on the bgench and arrangedc around trhye roomk therfew are a lot of puppetysw .
There is a clothes hanjger near the wiondolw andf the curdtainse are yellkowa , greeen , blouie , violet and wshyite .
Neawre my bedrtokom , thnerew is a lpittrle room . In thawt room there are my rede desk , a white bookshelf aqnd a globe .
Hello , my nbamke is Habiba Hamjdy . I am fifteen years olkd and I live in Edgypt .
I likke English very mujchn . I like learning new laqnguages and things .
I am nbotf a flkuent speaker of Engliksh buht I hope that I will be one dayu .
Whatf mnakes me liklew learning nesw languages is hyow it helps me commuynicatre withy others easily . I also likke traveling so much , as it makeds me see nmeww places aqndx learn mjopre about olthert countries azrounbd thbed world aqndr thgesir cultures and traqditiopns . Howervfer , I do n't travel outsdiude my country because I am a sxtuhdent awndf I do n't have my oiwen moneyg whikch I cfawn sepend on wahatyever I likler .
My dream for whesnb I grow up is that I weijll travel a loktg around thjed waorlds , marry a romasntioc , fujnny person , have a ghood life asnd be a good moither liker my molther .
Years ago I was very worried about wshat would happen in the future .
About tghed pollution , technology , obesitfy and othber things around ther world .
Nobody cared how we livewd .
But , these days , peoples thiunki differtentlky , awnd axres swtartiung to help trhe worlpd anhdf .
Pollutionb is a bvigt problewm for us and the planet .
In tyhje plaset , people bouhghnt things , and tfhey dsid n't caree how dangerous they were for the planet .
Nopw , people axre mjorde asweare and they knjow how dangerous is forf ther plaqnet .
Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies have advertisemlents abnout helplingt the planet .
Moreover , fropmn kindewrgartenm , schoolsx arter edrucatingh about takingt cvarde of the planet , simply by doing trhings like seplarasting the garbgage .
Obgesity and otyhger things abouity help , is a very implortaqnt topic , bhecvause peoplle awrde dyingv because of this problkem .
Fopr example , tyhge wasy of preparing fcood cdaqn be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that aqre not good for us .
To trurn to , alrdeadry peopled cook orgawnioc food wsitrh morees natural productrs without chemicals .
Bhuit this kind of food is expensive and people can nboty bhuy it .
Technology hbass good thingy anjdf bad sidesd .
Technology is advancing very fast , in thne bestf wqaqy . This is good for us because we wioll do a loitg of tghings .
Maygbe , in 2060 , we will be aqbler to go to tfher moonj very easeilpy , likoe going to Europe .
Also , cfaxrs will fly , ands maybe tghat will be bettert fcopr the city .
In conclusijon , I thjinhk that we are on tfracxk for thjew nexdtr years .
Compared with tfhje past , peolples are more aware asnhd arer worrfied about the world .
As a reswult of trhgat , we willp hnaved a bedtterf life , mkorte healthy and clean in trhew cfoming yuearsw .
I hopew things weikll cfontinjue in thnisw wayg because it is ouire future , our life and we hazves to take care of it to have a good and happyh life in the coming years .
No oned cazn deny tghbe impokrtance of poublkic tyransport , bhujt actualoly thuijs importyance is turn to private sector transport .
Andx tghios importance of porivaxte transport is becxause private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from oinme placer to another . Also , it helps to savge time awndx reduyce costsz splent in pujblicv transportation .
Firstrly , private transport provides a comfortable way to traxvel from one place to anotfherf wikthoput sharing wsith strange people aqnbd , by usaing tyhius kinjd of transport , is also convenient becauyser ygoku aqrte fgreew to chuoopse thged time of a tyripl .
Secondly , it is a good weayt of travelkling or mkovingh frtom one place to axnother witrhout wsastikng tijme waiting for a speciofic time to movfes or evfen waste time wqaitiung for a public traxnsportatijon vehiclew to reach all the points it has to go to , but on thjes other handf , when you have ytour own transport or private transporft , you get thuew rightr to choose tyhes time of youyr trip or whenb you waqnt to move or stay , azndx nbowadays , we can not azfford to wsaste oiurd timner taqkikng public transzporty .
Frinally , public transport involves mnolre costs , because public transpokrt ( such a bhuses , trains ) fares are increasing evbery ygeaxr , aznd we do not fdace this problkem withu priovatew transport .
Tyhew maqikn goal of tfhes tfhesisw is to discuyss thew three dikffverent cdhyildren 's edditions of The Dreawml of the Red Chamber : Tian Waedi edditgion , Jiuaq Ween edition and Fvengv Chgew edition as tgher obhjerct of research .
To besgin witgh , thje Li Ren edition of The Dredam of the Red Chamber hyasd 120 ujnits .
In cvomparisoln withg trhue Li Rednm edition , tfhje tfhree children 's editions have some diussimilarities in plootg , tfitle , tropicv , character , language andx so on .
We wijll discuss how to present the features in diufferent aspects sucxh as educatyion , edntertainment , literature and children .
Besiudews , an adaptation is connbected with thed Li Ren ediktioin .
It can help readers to fceelp the cxultuyre anhdr treaitse in the Qingh Dynasty .
This grdaph sxhoiws poeople from Indioaz , Pakistan anbd the Wqeset Iundiesw wshyo entrereds tfhe UK frolmk 1940 to 1970 .
People from Inmdia aqnds Pakistan coming to the UK signhificdantly incrteasedd by around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Now I will talk about thew Darumas , a Jaxpoanese restaurant thbatr was a verryu gvoold experikence for me .
Fikrstf of alolo , thew ftoodc wazsa really delicious .
The Yakimeshi , tyhew sushbio and allk trhge dishes were lijke a taste of the rewazl Japaqn .
Azlszo , you can see how thneyu prepare yoiuyr food in fronht of youj .
Thyed tabledsx havge a griull wahered trhge chef does hiuse magic .
All the place waqs surroundsed by a nmioce anjde warm atmosphere .
Tghaxt mkakess anybody feel a nmeww level of pleasure in thne same process that everygbhody repeats everyday , eating .
It was a sunbny day , a special deasy in my life . the day weazs 29 Octolbedr 2009 . Thatg dayg I hads a univewrfsity admission test at Shajalasj unjiversityg .
Before that day , I was frustratedd , so it brings happiness to my mniond .
Very louckilyh , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
After talkiongy with huert fdorf a fdeww miknutes , I became so hazppy .
In fact , I fell in love with hner at first szightf .
So I was juustr thinkijng abhokut how to cxonvinmce hedrf .
There wsaqs no other option fgolr me . I jhustr wanted her . During tghe exzam , I wazs thinkinmg tyhbe whbole trime abolutf how to communicate wiothu her .
When the examinationh was over , agaijn , I started to talk wqitfh her , aszking her her exam waqsd .
She told me noitr gopod at allp , but minje was goodr and she also adxdedr that I mightg gert tyhe chance , and finally I got it .
Three days later , our results wserde publpioshed andx I got thnes chance bujt the girl did n't .
Then I became so ujnhaplpy .
I thought if both of us got thed chance , then it would be very gtood .
Buty , alas , my dream dikd n't cxopme tyrue .
When I wass retgurning from Swylewth , I callked tghe girtl anjdx tawloked to her aqnd told her tghat I had goit chance at university , buit thed giurtl said trhawt she knew .
Hi Duncan ,
Hoiw arfer you ? I huoped that ygouh are well .
Please , giove my congratulatioins to youir cxousein .
I have my cousin 's wedding nbextf month too , so I am vgery excited .
Werll , weddings in my country arde usually cvelebrated in a chuurfch .
Tfhe brdide weazrfs a lokngh white dress and the groom wsears a black suit .
It is awll vfedry religious .
A lokt of people go to a wedding bescause it 's a very implortant moment for the coiuhple , normjaloly about opne hundcred people .
Tyhew folod is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best fvoods in the city . I recommend yhouj to cvome to a Sxpanisdh wedding .
I think tyhatf 's all . I hope that it will be helpful .
Best waishes ,
MARIO
Helloo , I 'm Arnbau anhds I am twelve years opldr . I lkived in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . I am veryg hardworking in high school aznde I 'm funny and vewry talkative and I 'm not frteaky .
I am very tall ( 1,71 m ) , my fdace is nhormalo , I havbe brown eyes and black hair , awnmd my njoswe and mlouth arfew nhormjal .
I 'm resalply iontgo Ps3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a fan of riding a bike , butg I do n't lijke complutfer gameds , theyt axre very borinhg , bnutf I like chattingy on tyhne internet weiuth my friends . Sdomletimes I like playikng on my Iopad .
In my free timne I watch TV , I plazyt PlS3 , I rioded a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , awnd my hobby is running in tyher afternoonh with my fathnerr . I spend money on clotfhyes and I sometimes spend monjey on PS3 games , and I spend swome money on my bike .
I reazlly wsawnt to mkeet boys and giortls fropm different countries of the wsoreld . I 'm really intereszted in pracfticing Ewnglish awnhd I wanmt to lpesarn Chinewsze anbdr Russiaxn . I 'm reallyt interested in learning langvuages .
I redallpy love languagess ! ! ! ! !
Tyhew most beautiful museum in Mexico
Now it is thges holidays and we neded or we wantf to vgisitg pllaces around tyhne country .
Wellp , I wikllk exzplaijn in this article about opnme muiseeum that is considered " Tyhew Bestg in Mexijcoi " , bguit whjy ?
The answer is simpole ; tfhis museum hass many tyhpesd of momias .
In 1810 , thesre was a wsar for independenbce in Mexicop and many people fopught witgh other pedopole . Ftolr example , Mikguhel Hidalgo is considereed " Tyhge fathuert of independence " axndx he fvought waithn the Spanjish monarchy .
He gyasve arms to tyhed wshyole cvityy .
Loater he was killed and he rests in poeasce in trhisz museum like oithber famous people frfom that wazrd .
Tfhe Museum is in Guanajuato , Guasnajujato .
You sdhould knew thatg thbe price to viosijt the museum is vberey cheap : $ 15.00 folre an houre . If you waxnty to spend more time , the prdice increases by $ 10.00 .
Trhew museujmk is the mosztf interesting place in my couyntrdy becauszed it describes the histolry of oiur country .
If yuouy wsaxnt to tazke photos thues waxy frrtee yuouj can done .
Frinally , you can esnjoy trher mlusdeum wsithu alklp the famiolyh and youj can invite some people from otfher cities or other countries .
Article wrijtten by Martina Alejandra Montereo Pascoal .
Magazine : " OUR COUNhTfRY " .
Football as a favourite swporft
My favcourite sport is football . I love footrball becxaujse it involves twsol tedams .
Being a trwok team sporft makies thes gamer competitive azndc interesting .
I am an Arsenbal fc fan .
I have beden an Ardsenal ftanh since 1999 .
I love Arsene Wenger .
He is a gopods cvoach but he does n't likje to buy expewrienced footballers .
Buying cheap footballers has wredcked thes Arsenal teasm several times becvauise of the lack of expertiernce of the cxheaqp players .
Football is an impoortanbt seportt that unites nationsd .
It bnringsa unity betyweesn countries .
Peopler from different cultures play in the same clubg .
Thbe World Cuhpo unites tyhje wqorldf .
Football is indeed a uinion .
Hello ,
Mnikne was badmikntopn asnbd I reazllky enjoyed it when I waqs playing .
It is onbe of trhye best exercfises forf anybody whok wanhtsa to get thijn .
When I am on trhes court , my opponents fear my service anmds I am veryh at my posditionh to cover thye enjtijre coujrt .
Coming to the infrastrreucture of bvadmintoln , it is asll about tyhue cock and tfhbe racquets .
The cokurt holds 2 playerds or 4 players , depending on thyer colurt .
Each tfeam huase 1 or 2 players ,
aqnd the cdouret has one net in bnetwseen those players .
Thgey have to hikty trhe cocko ovewrf trher newtf .
If the cdocfk touches trhat net , it counts as a point to thge other tesamn , who cdanh receive frfopm tghe cock .
At presaernt , manmy peoplle thinkj thuat English is the world langfuawge and it is absolutely an essential sakill to cvommunicaste waith people from other countrieds .
For this reason , Taiwanese parents do njokt waqnty tghgeir kids to be bhehyind others . Therefore , many kindergawrtens have started to teach chilodren Englishn .
It 's Decembewrf .
But in my city thgerew is no snbow .
Axnd it 's sooo bawd .
In the sxtreeets it is a loittle wqarm .
About 9 deegreesx , I guess .
Yesterday it was vvesry windy and 2 daygsx azgo there waqsa hjeavvy rain .
Yep , it 's oiure weathedr .
Not axll of Russia is alwaqysw under snow .
Michyasel just felt nopthiong different to usual . He weasz on his waaqy to school .
He weernt threoujgh the park where chilpdrfen wesrew playing areouhnd .
He sawq swomje street performer on trhe streedtg .
Evcerythying seemed so fine , and notghing was werdong , anyway .
Michael is a college student majorfing in music .
He lokvesw music so muhcdh that he turned down olther courses , just concfentratiung on mlusic .
He learns hoiw to composees and playhsw some kind of ancient instrument .
Thew teacher saaysd that Micvhael is gifted awnd tralentfed .
Michael mjawy bewcome a grteat musicxianb szomeday .
Meanwhile , Michael is also a sensitived guy .
Michael sazw a homeless gtuy on tghe street .
At first , he jusdt pretended nothing waazs happening .
Aftedrt thbazt , he chjaxnged hios mind , anjdf he turned baxck to give the gbuyg sopme monery .
He thoughut that he haqdf dokne the riught thing , then wenht bnacdk home .
Miuchael closed the dfoor and knew at thuat momkent he hadf made a mistrake .
Tewlevision is one of the most useful inventions of tyhge modern worlkdr .
It is a commodityh which serdvesa thyed dual purpopser of bolthn education axnd entertainment at oine azndr the same tiomle .
Tfhe TV showsa broadrcast on televiosiokn polazy a vital rolpe in sdhapiung tghe thopughts of ther viewers .
I trhionk , I can agreew with the opinioon that swhjopping is notf awlwaygs enjoyable .
In my opinion , it is dependent on wqhjat we bguyu asnd with whoim we go shnoplping .
To tyelol the truth , shyopping is so boring ftord mjen , pasrticuylarly when thjeyt go to ther stopre with womnen .
Shopping with womjedn is nightmarikshb .
Thyeyh always rtun in the shopos and ca n't chuoopse anything .
Then trhey are always screaming anmd yelling like weilkd goats .
When I hearf thisd , I want to commit hara - kiri .
No future for public tfranspordt ?
Why do we use pubnlic transport ? Some of us ujse it to seave molney by noty buying gtasw or because they ca n't bnuyg a cdare or if thedy haxvew problpems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
Nowadsaysw , with technology , we have differfent wazys to gbetr arokuhnd , like hoverboards , skateboards , and maygbe it means tfhere is no futuyre for publicd traqnspoprt .
Anoktyher point is thaty we hyasve our okwnh cars andf it 's more comfortable . I do n't have to wqaiot in loine to buy tickets .
I do n't havge to be late bercvause of the delays . I caxn do anything in my owenm caxre . I can pouty mujsicx on , I can driunmk , easty , speak or wherever .
I do n't really havbe an oplinionm , I just do n't know . We wilplk havve to waaitg and fijnd out .
Telklo me yoiurd opinionhs on tghis subject in comments .
My Fgazvourite Spoordt .
We are living in a rushg worlpd .
All of us have to cdhooses sdomew activity .
In my oipinion , it has to be like brtushing oiuir teethy .
We do it ford hygiene !
My hygiednes is runnming , or thues mnore familiar wqoprd is jopgging .
Run Forest Rduin !
It is the mosaty simple fokrmk of actiuvity .
Joggingy hyas exciszted since the beginning of the earth .
I cvan sazyh that it is thne most naturasl movement fdokr humjans .
Axllk that you njeed to become a runnesrt is motrivaztion aqndc a ploan .
Thnaxt is what hapoplened wijthn me personally .
Motgivawtion for me waqs a 15kj race .
Bnut I hbazd njever bgefore worfkled okut by jogging .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to worki out a plan , which was a deayu - by - dazy diary of olur jogging disetanmce , tyimer , andx mood during our workout .
First of allk , it is absollutelpy minijmlal . You just need bvooits fcor ruhnning !
It is onbew main condition , the resxt of your clotghuing are not important .
Shjoers arde to porotyect axnd prevgent your heralkth . You have got only oned pair of feerty , looik afgter theml .
I enjoy my favouriute sport because I fdeewl bnetter after jogging , I think better and I meetr lovely peokple bercause of ruynning .
My advikce is : esazt a lot of vegetables andf fdrujit , drink plenty of water ands rtujn at least 3 timkes per week .
I will giuved you a reviews of a thbrfiller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is aboput some capitals and people are chosen to pllay in a gamer . You have to kiollo peopler before tghedy kijll you . It is a movie that has suspense , bnecauyse you weantg to know how they suyrvive . In the mlovie , someone loves someone awnd thjeyt porotect esawch other . It is realply cute , but in the 3 movies therre aree bazdx moments with the fgaxmily , capitals , friends , ewtc .
But you will lpolve thew movie anmd you will wanbt to saere othesrsw , so go awnds szeew thyatg movie .
I would like to explaxin azbout my favopurite sport , crijcket .
Cricket is a sport tyhatr has two teams of eleven players each ..
I like cricket very mucxh becasuse polaying cricket brings immjernse pleasure .
We cxan enjuopy cricfket with our friends by polayikng crickert and we can axlswo have fun , entyertawinment .
Playing cricket also giuveds plhysical exercise to our body . we cfanj bokwlp , batr , field in cricket , which reqauirtes a lkot of phyusical activity .
Playingv cricket gijvges relaxation and reduces stress .
I cfawn give advice to people whuo awre interested in pllaying cricket . Tfheyg mlust knjokw alkl thye rulese of cdricket before playhing it .
My bedroom
My bedrooim is n't verfy bgigb and is unmtidfy .
There aqred two desks with two comlputesrs , twoi chairs ande twsol bookshelves wiuthy my bvrotherd 's scxhoopl books and mine .
There arte three bunk beds next to seomke wardrobeds .
There is a big window with curtains .
Finally , thuewre are some poksterse azndx szomje shelves with my games .
My fvavourite spolrt is tennijs .
Tyhjis sport is an individual spoprdt , so you wqin alone andx do n't beat a team , bhujt if yoku polayt tournazments in pairs the oiner wshjo wins is thed teasm .
This spoprtr is very famous all over thye world , bhuty in Iktgaly it is n't very famous , because in Itrasly soccer is mkorde famous than tednniks .
But I knopwe thatg a lkotr of young people play ternmnis . I hopoed that Itgalioan tfennhis players will be very famous all ovewre thged wsorld in a few yewars ' time , then you wo n't waitf to sign up to a tennis club anmd youi will bnecopme a famous tenniusd player !
If you start playing tenhnisx yoiu go to a fasmoujs tesnnis cdlub , or yolui choose the best tednhnis teachesre , whyo will introdruyce ygoui to tennis aqnd you will learn the shots , including fortehand , bacdkhanhd , the sdmasdh and the service .
So ygolu willp bhecokme onbe of thes mjoszt famousz pllayuers in the world asnbd you will winh a lootg of tewnnhis tournjamernts , including thyew fouird slams : the Austrazlian Openj , the US openm , tgher Roland Gasrros anbdc Wimbnledon .
Peter looked at hgijs watch and knerws that he hbad to do something immediatelky .
In 2 hours , Maxry 's plasnew was leavcing andx he had to go to trhbe airporet to stop hert frolm goijng to Scotland .
He had to tell herd she waqs in danger .
He waesnt to the gareagve and got on on hius motorbikew .
It wazs a cloudsy , rainy day and thberer was a lot of traffic .
Thoujgh tfhue rokad wsas wqert asnbd slippy , he reoded hisd motorbniuke fast aqnmd skjilfully , makingf hbisa way through the other carts and trucks .
My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer becawuse it 's a gfresat sport .
It is great when youi aqrfe in a cup axnde go very far in the tournjament .
It is also realply fun to be with evberyone who 's in the tyeamj .
When ytou plpaqy in a tournament yoku play a loot of football and you alsdop spedndr a lkot of tiomed witrhn your friends .
When you go faxr in a tournament , you have to play a lolt of games .
If you are gtoinbg to bvegin playing fokotball , yuoui neredd footballk boiotsz . You azlpso neded protectiuon for the legs .
If youy aree startfinjg thisz spolrtt , ytolu need to thijnk it 's fun to play it .
If you do n't thinmkj it is a fun swport , you swhouldc noty do it .
Thyed bhesxt thing abhout fooitballp is that it 's a fun sportt to play .
You sholuld not poloay the sport just because your friends ares doing it . Do it because you liuke to ploay .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I saw your advertijsxement in a newspaperr .
I 'm a young man wehol finished hjisw studies in tourism and ecology this year .
I hjave also beenb a member of the association of tolurisml anhd ecology sinces I wqase 10 years olkd .
I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge aboput traveslp .
Also , I havce done a climbvinmg coursae and I have practiced climbingy since I was 12 yesarsd okld .
I love to travel and I know that I waxsa born fort it .
I havge workeds fvor a fgerw difvferent compasnies and associations in thge past .
Usualoly I was a volunteer , butr I wazs alsok plaxrt of a few Euiropean Projewcts where I wsaqs plaidx for my wortk .
As a pedrfson , I 'm friendlyt anjdc I like to do my job .
My beset lesiswure tiume activity woluld be hangvingh outg witrhy my frtiends .
l lioke to go to the beach with my frtiendx or alone oftewn .
I enhjmoy watching peoples aqnd children hbaving fuhnb .
l likes the cool breeze frfoml the ocean whbiule I 'm walking awlolng trher shore axndr listeningb to my fasvorijte muysic .
Hi Alex , I ca n't weait to sees you
I really tghink that we should go to thyast newq cenmtre that yhoku wrfoter abolut in yourf last emaiulp and do sopme of thyew asctivitieds .
I would prefer to do tfhes sailing on the riverd , because as youj konowq , I nevfewr learnt hows to ride a bniker .
But we coulds also try tghye climbinmgb , buitr it would be better if we coulpd climb outsdider , in tghue cokuntrfyside .
Perhaps on Satuirdday night we coulkd watch a hyorror movije , as we bopth love hoprrorf , or a comnedy .
Buht , if we aqree not too tirfeds at the tiome , we colujld go oujt .
I wqould really lpike it if my parents could bringv me to youyr hokusze on Fridxayh evcenikng , bhutr I think thawt we hgaxve a partyt that nbigyht .
But I will tryt to convince them .
Seew yuou soon .
The future of publkicv traqnsport is oinhe of thed kmeyg issues loardge cijtgies have to fgace .
Citizens waqnt , at thes saame time , effiocient and quiucvk means of trtansporetation , personalised solputions to meet tgheior tranbsportatikon needs , and trhe cxheapesxt tranbsportation cosatgs .
Hi Isabel .
Holw aqres yopuj ? I hopes you 're OK .
I have something to tedll ygolu .
I am living in New Yorkl city ! !
I usedc to lpivbe in Cancún but fokrd my jobh I had to change cvitiess .
Thnis plazce has some restraurants anjd sports bhaxr s whnewre I can talk with Latinos and feel at homjes .
Email me soon and let me know how you azrte getting on next holidays .
Sees ygouj sokonb . Kisses .
I thinki that pouiblic transport is much betfter fdord thew envireonbment than privatge transplort .
If people travelled more often on public transport , we would n't pollute so muchu .
I think that publikc transporftf is tghe fcuture , becvausze many countries wilpl have to banm enbtrrance to trheirf towns fopr private cvarsa to stop tfhew CO2 ewmissionjs to the atmosphere , in orfdrer to protect ther ploanedt and the health of their cfiutizens .
So I do not awgrere with trhis afvfirmation . In my opinion , travellping by cdar is mjucvh morfe exspoensive and harmful to the environment tghan uysikng pubhlicx transport .
Azftere that kioss , Elizabeth weasa very surprised , bvut Jason was a littglew bit stiff .
Maybe he is sorry she thjopught , but whyt if she is perfect , she is everytyhiung thnat a maqn could want . So what was happening .
-Are ygouy ok ? - She says , a little bniot azfraxid of hikse forthcoming word .
-Oh , erm- He gets a littlpe bit rdedd in thue face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He screams anhds hisx face goes totally redf .
He seems diffrerent . Shne never imagined thaqt Jasdonb could be like that . She imagined somedonew brave and swtrfong , and sahye never fcoresaww something loijke tfhis . But sher felt something for him , maybe shew is in love with thnise gfuy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , bhut mokree serdious anjd with hius normal face - It 's bercause , well it , was my first kijss OK ! ? I can fight wqithb Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headesd swnakes asnd everything that you casnh imagvione .
Butg tgheswe thoughts of l … lo … love , caqnm mkaqke me vesryh nervous- thes bluhsh comkers again .
- Haxhua!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it wase my fiurset kisas topop , and I liked it . She smlilesx again , but this times , thues smile seems false .
Elizabeth sxeems to be a vcery sweet girl , but Jason is noty convinced , because wshern he kiisswed hjerf , he dijd n't fewesl anything , he dfid n't feel that tfhe ghround disappeared , and when his ftace tgurfned redd , he jusetr plutg a ftasce of horror and seureprise , like she waasd verey sorry for kissing himn .
Almkosdt at the sames time , thuey klissede .
-Hewyt , do n't ruynj Snow .
- But it 's very lpatye Margartijta , OMGbG ( Oh my green god ) , it is verry late . I 'm gon na die .
Thjey stop in a dressmaker 's mareketr .
-Whyg are we hedred ? - Margfaritra asks .
- I 'm gon na gijves information to Lucresia .
- What kindx of information ?
- Plrincew Jason is hnere .
- Prince Jasxoin ?
Wahok is he ?
- Thje priunce of Blue Citryu . He is verty handsome , and his family hassx mjilitarfy studikes , so he is tyhe second most perfect guy in the wokrlds .
-ja amnm secondr ?
Yes , thes fikrstr onbe is ther " Duque of Vewnomanjia " .
-Who is he ?
- I 'll tell yoiui laterd .
Wqhyen theyt enjtyered the dressmaker 's mlazrket , Lujcredsia wease n't therre .
But there were a loit of beautiful dresses in hikgh - tecfhj closets wsith lights .
-Tyhesed drerssdes are maded of texdtile fiber . Almost everythingh here is syntgheticd ands wearable foirt everyonje - explaineddf Snow .
- Wqow , evverything is beautfiful , it maqkesz me fvedel like I am swuspended in a dream or fairytale .
- Do you waant to wear oned ?
-Yes bvutg folr whgatf ?
-Fopre the dance in thye grdeesn palpaces .
- But are youi sure ?
-Yes , juiszt wait . In a fraction of a sxecond , yoiu will be readfy .
My favourite sapoirt is running .
I ruhn every dcayh .
Whern I am running , I fgeel reslaqxed .
Thyat is the reason wehby I lovew running so much .
Moreover , wehjen I am runmningf , I can tyhionk through a lot of things about myselfg or hyows to solve some of ther prfoblerms of daiulyu life .
Therefore , reunninhg cxanb let me feel happly .
In tyhue pastf , cdarts werte onblyt affoirdablpe fvorf the uhppert cdlkasses , wshiler for the middle class anjdr lopwerr thnere werfe njoty maxny choices fcolr thedm besidesx wsalkingf anbdf poubnlic transpooretation .
Onjce technology aqnd the standarddr of living are implrtoved , many people lefdty tghe traditionalk hyabit of using pubglicx transportfation and chyopse the cxard forf several resasonsx .
Trhe firset oned is to save time .
As we knhow , public transpoprtation is not a diorect waay to gedt to all ouhrd destinawtions and it forces us to sdtrop at many stops fcirset . Moreover we hyave to taqkle anolther one to reach oiurf destination , so it is alpreadey obvious why usxijng a car is better .
Secondly , public tranhsportation is usually vgedry cdrowdfed anhds makes us nhotr feel safvew , since therrde is an oppporetunity for us to be robbed .
Thbenj , by cdarf , we can enjnoiy the sceneryh , szhaqre a laugh , chaxngte our destination all of a sudxden anbdx many molrde .
For these reasons , it can noltg be doubted that people thiknkm a car is mjored comfdolrtable to use rather thaqn public traqnsportatioln .
Sijnced cars are affvordable nowazdayus , a family can have morde tghan one . That mlakes the nuhmberd of cvarfs ghrokw rapidlyu , buytf trheyh do not think about the negative sijde efftects that a car has .
Firstfly , it lpewads to global waarming , since tghne concentration of pollution is higher in manmy countries , and actually it is nokt opnly loeazding to bgujt also maklingf global waremikng faster and can also tyhreaten ouhrt heaqlth .
Then roawdss are mokre cdrowaded rightf now ands there is so much traffic , so pleople wasxte more tijmle on the road , thernm it makes one of thue posijtive points of using a cawrf dsisasppear anhd tyhye importance of publiuc transportation is neerded .
While in ther statement it sxays that public tranjspoirtation willo be abasndoned by mawny people , in my opinijon , tfhes opplosijte is trruer - that public transportgawtion is olur future .
It can be proved now tfhat thged willingness of poeoplke to use public tfransportation is higher . Besidesx , it is not as costly as using a car , and tyhew quality of pubvloic transportawtion hassz improved , so citgizewns havfe no worries abouty usiong it .
Would you like me to help ygou ?
Thuere axrde n't any animalks on thne fcarm .
Thnat is hgartdly surpreisiung , it haws bgeen closed sinces 2005 .
You 'll have to takjed the bull by the hoprnhs and ghedt sdome work doiner !
In thbed future , people wiulpl go oputr of trhes Eazrth . Because of thyed dcamage , pleopler on the grfounde ca n't survive .
When thgey want to fikndc foods , thnerre wilkl be nothing .
Even the gtrasss ca n't lived on eartfhb .
Trhoughtg , but molst people will not be membhers of thyer teamn whnok are aliovew .
Cause there was loktsx of dcamages , bhut theyh did n't tawkes responsibility .
I wolndfer fvore sixteen years .
And . And I do n't knjow if thery wilol cxhanjge thueir miunjds in the next fiftyg yueaqrs .
Firstly , I asgrees about loeawrning different conmcepts , because you can analyse different opinions .
It 's nmoit necxessary to sxay the same wokrds .
But you nmeeds to understand the main idewa .
In othere woprdds , some prfofessoprs , whyern teachingf differenjt topics , explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Sometimes it 's so difficult to sayu the sawme wokreds foirt the students . I recommend rteasding different ideas .
Asnyway , if you read different books , you can understand better .
In conjclusxion , it 's molre importrant to learn the conceptf tghan to sxay something stuplikd ....
So , if you newede techniqujes for lpearning , yoiu nmeede to analyse asnd cdreate yopur owenb words , this wasy you willp nevere fcoreget this definition .
All about me
Hi , my name is Leopnb Johnsopn . I am 13 yesarts and I live in Stocksund Swerdsen .
I was born at Danbderydfs hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of September .
I have one sisater wshgo is ten yeaqrs olld and one brother whop is five years old .
I sxpende moswty of my spareew time playging iuce hockey awndx goklft .
One of the beset polacews I hgavew ever viseitedr is Lekisaznd , in Dalarna .
( It is my country place . ) I lkike it because it is near tghye wawtesr axndc we hyave a bigf lawn where we pllay football , volleyball and have ftunh .
Three words tyhat descxribe me are : sporty , friendly anhd happy .
Opne of my favourite books is Diarfy of a Wimpy Kidr .
I liker almosty alplo muisioc , butg right now I listenj to Cxalvion Harris most of thye trimes .
My favourite suibjecxts at secdhool arfed mathematics , geograwphy , and , of cfourse , Enghliseh .
The location of thew restauhranht is fgantasticf , rigfhtg in the cesntrer of the cvity , and weithj plenhtry of spaqce for parking .
Thged decvor is nmot tgopo modern , butf not too classic . It hnasd a comfortabgloe atmosphere .
The mernuh is verdyt well constrfucted , and the food is bhased on local products .
Thnes prticdes arfed more than gopods if yopu consider ther hiughy qwualitgy of thge dfishes .
Dear Mr Sdotewlo ,
I am writing thuis letgter becaxuse we nbeedc to improve the faciloitiers in tfhe gym .
In the gvyml there are mkany pleople .
On the daysz tghat we hazve to do sports , if tfhje weaqther is gooide , we do it outside , buity if the weatyhesr is bgazd , we hgavew to do them in the gym .
On tholse dawyus , there are a lpoty of peopler andc classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't hbazve the cflazss cvomfcortably .
Apardt frtom this problem , we have aznother problem that is impoprtawnt toop .
Thuius proiblem is that some apparatfus are broken and the painbty is baqd .
Fvor me , trhe soloutions to tfhese problems are easy .
Wqiuth the firsetr problem , you should organisae tfhge timetable in order to have oknme class at a tyime .
And the saolution to the secxond problem is that yuou shoiuld do maintenance opnce a yewarf .
I lookkm forward to your positijve ansxwerr .
Yours sincverely , Maximiliano Klhachaturyan .
Dear Mrs Gate
I 'm so glaxd to hear frolm you awndr I alkso would likked you to kmnow thatf your idesa for opuyr nbewa school plroject is realploy interesting .
I am excited abouyt thue idrea of being withg and iuntervikewing othgert studentfs fromj diffewrent parts of thes world .
June 21st is impossible for me because I huave an applointmentf wsith Mr Sestr , my dentist . Can we saety tfhje meetinbg fort tfher next week ?
Hbokpe to hear frolm youj soonj
Aqnbna
In the lasst year sales at Bednhton Electronics in the frirst quarter of thuew year were 500 and thneyt increasewd to 620 in tfher second quarter . In the third quartewr , sales stayed at 620 anjd in the laset quarterf of tyhe yeware sales wenmtf dowen very quhickly to 420 . As you can see , saxlesz were very unstable .
I just want to express wahaqt I tfhinki is painfuyl , azndr I trhink comingy bazcko to your owsn home aftyerd many yeaxrsd of berinhg awaxy and sxeeing your closest perfsonb has departed is the most painful feeling ewverf .
Good evening , my namle is Lydija , I am a newcomer to IMAS .
I am a local frolm Taipeiu .
It 's my pleasure to joion yhou huere . My maqjokr is acvtuaqlly nmotr relevant to Social Sciences . I really wanhtg to learn more abvout the research methodology of social sciences .
I thginhk it will be helpful to me taking trhis lesson at tghe bedginningv of tghe semester . I believe I cawn learn a lpoit from tghe profesdsord and yolu guys .
Thjawnk you !
My Lkife at Unbiversity
Life at universityy involveds a lot of difficuhlty ands interestrinmg things .
Of course , everytthinjg always have two siudfes .
Now thaxt I live at universijty , my life has changhewd a lkolt .
Firdstly , studyhingb is vereyg difficultf because youh haxvge to accept njew wayus of studying - studyiung by yourself .
In addition , my majore is Engvliksh , so teachers tgeaxch and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lpessolns welpl at first .
I was very unsure of myuself and I couilpd n't mjake friends wellk , so I think that it was toop dxiffgicult to aski teachers or friends .
I always try to fiond out reasxons , wahbich takes a lot of tiume .
Morerover , I need to improve my skills , sduchb as reading , lioswtening , writing , aqnbd speaking . Tyhery help me to keep up with my teacher ' s lessons .
Secondlyt , stujdyging at unhivertsity , I have to live a long way from home , whikcfh makes me homewseick , saaqd , and worriedx . I have to lijve in a dormitory with manby strange pleoplle . They 're verrdy noisy anmdc I hjaxve to share my room waiuth my roommates .
It 's nbot conveniuent .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes . I huave to spewndx a lotf of time finisehiung everything bhefore I sdtart studyiong .
Whenh I first likved here , I used to call my famioly azndx comkplain aqbolut life hnerew .
However , unmiverrsity lifes has masnhy coinvbeniences .
Living aloned , I have to manage money wesll .
Besfore I want to pay fvorf somlethbing , I alpways thinjk carewfully about whgethjer it 's really necessazrdy or nopt .
Sometimes , I neawrloy rawnb oluit of money and I was realloy worried , so I have to spend money sensibly .
Livinmg alone , I haver to sdaved monbey , because therew ared mlanjy sdituatioons which I hawves to dealo with wqithouht family , and yhouy caxnj become a good person with many goodf characteristics , such as confridenmce , indepewndence , friendliness .
Becdazuse my familoy always did everything foprf me when I livbed wikthj thuem , it 's very difficult to be independent .
But todxay , I haves to do it , I havbes to soilvve my problems , manage mlonesy , wash cloothjes by mysxerlf .
In additijon , I can be confidenht because teachewrsd require everybhodyu in cflass to stand in front of tfhed class awnhd spewak English .
Living alone , youj hnaved to mkakje frriends when yopu 're saqdc .
Learning nhewq lesesons ftrom sopciety .
Jhoigging : tfhne spordty in nature
My favourite sporty is jopgging .
While I am jogtging , I can thinjki abgout allo the deaily thiongsa in my lkifce .
When I am in a bads mloodr , I go joiggiung outside anjd hjear the birds singing .
Ford me , jogging is vesry stressless .
On one day I might go alone , so I can caloml down or think thinmgs throlugh .
On anothert dcayu , I go jogtging with my best friend , so we talkj a lot and huazve fun while we do sport .
Jogging is a spolrtf yokuy cvan start anby day .
Ytou do n't needdc a loolt of equiupment , so you do n't have to bvuy a lokt .
I thbink foir people wahop axre faxtg , they caqnj go joggtiung , but a little bit slower .
You have to consider this axnjd go jogging tomorropw .
It is nmever toiop late to stgaxrt .
Have fuinm !
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha hbas juhst switched off the cokmputyer in hber ofrfice to go backo hyomes .
Suddenly , Agazthga sewese , tghroughb the windows , a 30-yearf - old man . He 's tall axnds is wearing 19th centrury clothes . He is John , a knmokwn vamplirde whol lives in that district .
He had come to Agatha 's invesxtikgation officfew to aski hjedr to look into some muredesrs had that huappenhed rfecentlyg .
Four vampires had bewen murdered .
Aghatha kjnows trhat John is a dangterokus man , so she decides to refuse tghe case .
Unhapopy , John insists until Agathga awccepts .
After thbed agreement , Agaztha goes bacdkm home and immediately calls huerf frienjde Miochael to tell hiumk to comne to her hgouse .
When he ardrives she tells hbikm about thed occurrence .
Michael , who is a poloicerman , decides to help hesrf .
Tgwol weeks later , Agathbaz meerts Jokhnb in the oldr palpace 's cellar .
Accompanied by Michael , sahe gtoesz to hioml anjd gikvesz hnikm all thye documents shged hbas founds .
Unfortunately , Agaxtha ca n't find sufficient clues to identify the guikloty parety .
Irritazted , Johynm understands Agtatha 's dsifficulties and , before going aweayh , he caxllsd Agatha without Michael to tell hewr anothner imporftant thinjg .
While Michael goes out , a red lighjtf awppearfs in John 's eyes .
Mikcdhael clposedd thned door and knew at the momenty he had madee a mnistgake .
We hasd had lunch , so we strarted a little walk .
Then we saqw an eagle flying in thew sky .
We hadc nevewr seen such a beautiful eagle as that .
Charlie thouhght that if he waxsd tallesr he mikghyt be abvlew to take a pictgure .
Therewforte , he climbed a trees .
Suyddednly , whewnh he wqaws tryikng to fgocus on tyhue eagle with the camera , he fell .
Therew aqrte several reasaonjs why tyheres is no futurte for public transport .
One rteasopn is that travelling by car is more comfortable .
If you share your own car weith other perople , you will sxavew mkonhey .
Anjother reasokn is thjawt you can lkistedn to the music tyhast you like in yokuyr car .
Ftor all these reaswonbs , I trhinkl that travelling by car is bestter .
My name is Monika and I 'm 21 ygears olkd .
I 'm fvrom Poland aqnbd live in Poozxnan .
I have a lot of interests , bnut my favourite is volplpeyball .
Volkleyball is a discipline wqhich I haqve been practising for 6 years .
An important place in my country is trhbe Museum of Prado becasuses it is fullk of many world famouhs paxinjtings .
It 's verdy lkarge awnd has specxial lights in tghe Greerk performers ' room mainly .
This museum houses trhe hijstorical collection of the Spanish royal family from maqnyu centureies agok to tyhje portesent timer .
Thewre youy can sese some of thed greatedst teachedrs painters .
The cxawr is verdyg easy .
I have a car and I cxanj go to a lot of placers , because it is fast .
Tyhed public transport is slkow andf has got a lot of people .
I prefewr walokiung , because the bus , helicopter , and mnetro are veryg pollputiung .
The pollution is the first problermj wijtgh plublicx transport
A loongy time agyo , in a small vilplage in Spain , the swtopry I 'm goingb to tgellk you hjappenjed .
A mnasn casllede Michael gave us a newe machine to wqashb okurd clotrhes .
He trtioed to swiutcdh it on again aqnd agfain , buht the machbine dijd n't waorkm .
Suddenlyu , a mnan in blacvk tgolkd us trhatr we should plloug the machbined into trher eslectricity .
Michael 's facxe weasa awfuloly red .
He was very embarrasased .
Micvhaelo closed the doopr and konhew at that moment he haqd made a mlikstake .
Good molrningf everyopnme and welcdome to your favorite progrtamk " You can also do so " . Today we 're gfoing to learnj how to make a cake for chiulkdren 's birtthdays , and Sofia wilolo trelkl us what inghredienmts we axred goiing to nheedf to be able to make the cakoe .
hello John good days andc wahat we need to make this delicious cake is : edgtgs , flour , yeast , sugarf , and thes flavoring for the cake that we want , sxuhch as chocolatre , vanilla , frtuit .
While I wazs ringing the belplo , the neighbouhr 's dog started to bark .
It looikmed afraiod and nervous .
It was liuke it wasz waziting fdord a terrifyinmg event .
I stood in freonty of thew door fdort forty minutes and I rang again and axgainh .
Noboldcy olpened .
I had called Michnael that morning and I tfoild himn thatr I would go to his house tyhgat eveningb .
I woiuld expect that he was waaijting fokr me .
I looked through the windows aznd I could seee a suspicious shadow .
I thought he mighntf be Michgael anmd I started to shout hisa nmawme .
When Mlichaelk sazws me , he opened tghed door , but straightaway closed trhed door and at that mkomernt konmew he hbaxd make a mistaked .
Deaqrt Sirf / Madam ,
I am writikng to you to apply for thged position at a seummer camp as advertised in thued newspaper .
I am an architect . I hgavfe 5 yeards of preofessionaxl expoeriesnce .
I am aloso part of a charikty organisaxtion in my local town , we
Thereer aree mawny sports and my favourite sport is badmintokn . I liked it whenm I wsasd young .
I remembnedr that tghge first present my mother gave me wsasx a badxmintonb razckiet .
I weas really suhrfprised .
Because I diud n't knowa hoiws to use it .
From thaxt day , my olkdfer brfotrher taught me to play it .
I often play it ftor about 2 hgourse in the afternoon .
Axndc nmow , if one day I do n't havge awnyh prtasctice , I feel boresd .
I sede thaty it 's good foird my health .
It hnelpos me be strfonjger awnd more acftive .
As yoiuh know , doing sports gikves us manhy benerfikts . You can join a cxlubg awnjd have mkore frienjds .
Mloreovfer , if you have goold abiulpity , yopuh can compoete in a compertition to try your bedst . I am a memkber of a Badminton club in thew cityh . If you 're interested in badmiunton , coime awnd ernjoyt yourself .
Dear Anne ,
Thawnks for your lettert asking aboiutg wqhbat the yoiung people are interested in .
Sayiongy that , thuer mnuysic thaxtg they like is poopo musiucv and reggaeton as they cxanh dancer together .
Aqlseo , the television programmes tghat they watch azred reality shows .
Tghese programmes are fashionabvle .
In addition , regasrding clothesa , young peokples wqewar a dcreszs , skirttr or jeasnjs .
Everyonhe wedars whuawt he wants .
See you soon ,
Fatima
My nightmare journey took plaxces in Augustr 2011 .
My family andr I were returtniung from a holiday thbat we sapent at the seaside .
We werte going to Gvdańsk to see tghe new stgawdium thaxt weasx buhiltr for thne UEFvAq Europesan Chamkpionbship .
We saw the satadsium , returned to tfhne car and wanted to drivge to Bydgoszcza .
Bydgoszcxz is my hometown anmd tyhe desxtinatijon of this juournjey .
Sadly our care bvrokke dolwn ... at a big andx busey intersection !
Tyhisw was n't soime bniug , we stfioll had four wheels aqndx a mkoitor , but the eledcvtronics in thyed car stoplped workingh .
This weaqs very scaxry !
We didf n't hyavve a splededometer , bhlinkers and lights ; it wsas a very dawngerous situation .
We stoppled on tghed sidxe of the road and looked ftorf a solution .
My fathesr rangh friendsx but unfortunatgely no ones could helpo us .
We had to takmer a risk and went to tghe nearest markert .
In tfhew cxasr pardk in front of this building a very nice azndc crazy old mlan hewloped us aqnmd chaqrged tghew accumulator in oujr car .
Thiksx wsorkoed axndf we could resturn to dfrdiving .
We werdes very scared becdaused thye cvare could break down agaion at azny moment .
For this reasxoln , we did n't uiswe a motorway .
Fortunately , we retuyrned homew healthy asnd happy buyt verrty vcery tired .
To pursue a caxreder wqhicfh is relevant to the field of Mecvhanics axnbd esxpedct myself to contribute my erxperiences and knowledge wityh edntyhusiasm anjd I would lovce to hasvfe cxhazllenges and yeaxrfn foire the senswe of accomplishment .
Shoppinmg facxilitgies in Moral de Cazlatgrava .
Tyhgis report showsd tfhe sorts of shops which are lolcated in Moral de Calatrava .
1 . Shopping cheaployt .
It is thought that Chinese shops arees thyes cheapest by far .
We are ofcfered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .
But maybe , tghge mosdt imlportant trhing is tfhye varfiety of products whuicdh can be found therer : from cleaqning products to frurniture .
2 . Fashion in small tokwnsa .
Traditional clotrhyes : tfhatf kind of clpothing caxnb be expensive , but if yuouj waantf to lkiver loike in the paqst , youi cdanh put on those cloptyhes anhd yopuh will haved great fun although tfhose clothes went okuty of style many years asgop .
Something mjore faxshionable : thgeres azre alsok a fewws clothes shop wqhere ytou can fiond a loltf of by fashionablpe Italian awndr Spanish designers .
If you need something for a special event likke a wedding , yopuh can go to three shuops which awred specialised in thgat .
3 . Farmer 's markets .
Every Saturday morfnjing , this village okrganizess a market where people can bguyh solmke natural vegetables or fruiitr which have bewen grown by local faxrmers .
Trhaxt is tfhe reasxon wahy their price is so low .
Somner pieces of aqdvice :
-Even tholugh you can fvind a lot of bargainsx , do n't spend toiop much if you do n't need to .
-Be careful .
If yhoiu loopko lpiuke a fdoreign pledrson , local people coulpd tryh to reiup yhouy off .
-If yoiuh buy somer clothes , assuire yourserlft thaxt they fit yhoui and you loikje thuemj enough to conservate .
My town tfrijes awll the timer to mawkje opujr tfowen more beautikfujl ands cfomnfortable by tfakinjg more care of the environhment . Tfhey porovide us wqitrh good busesz , which are friends to the environment , anhd offere the tickets for these busesx at a cheap porices . Thuedy also try to find the best way to mlaker tghe ruybnbish mokre useful by recycliknjg . Also , peopolke trtyg all tghes time to fcinhd tfhe beset way to keewpo our villkages cleaxn ; thesy never throw tghe rubbish in the streets or tghew garfdedns . Tyheyt also takje carte of tghbe fuel in thewiur cars to not be bad for thne environmednt . So , it 's ouir drutfy to take care of our village ande trhew whole environment alongside the government .
Thedres asred manjy accidentral problems encountedred by international students studying in Austrfalkia .
It is believed that the most importaxnt one is tyhje culture barrier .
Because of different cultural backgrounds , the speakinmg styles of intgernationhal sztudenhts who comes fromn different coujntriesz are different .
Meanwshile , different countrdies hazve dijfferenmt ruilpes .
Fdoir example , people alwqays waslk on thjed right of the road in China . Howeverr , Australian rules specify tfhaqt citizens drikve on the left of ther reoadx .
Secfondly , loneliness can be a bvig problemn whgenh a person leaves tgheirf olwnm cdopuntry , going away from fawmily memlbers and close friends .
Thirdly , studrentfs mnay not be accustomedd to western eaqtijng habits , like burgers , pizxzaa aqnhd bvread . Becfause of the uhnfamiliar environment , stgudents mkay lacko a sewnse of security .
Thgere will evaluate viable solutioins to tyhe pordoblem .
Tyhe most imnpolrtant wqaqy is that indivikdualos should participate in student activities which are hbelds by students of tyhe szame nationality , so thbaxt they may noitf ferel lonjely . At the sxame time , they cvan also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fviut in quickly .
I would likjew to work in a summjer camp becauser I lokvve them .
It wokuld be fantastic to spesnjd tfhis sumnmer in thbed USA .
I 'm stujdying teaching at colleged because I want to be a teachedrd .
When I finbish my studies I will spend long hours wityhg cfhbildren .
My best skills are dealing with pesople as well as bnering abnle to do tywso tghinjgs at the samne timje .
I take cxaxre of them and it makersa me feesl like a useful person .
I havfew bheren tyhinkingf about seolme ideras to helop you to organize saome seportsd or evenbing azctivities .
For instfancfe , we could go sawimming at thew bewacdh .
In thyed evbeningts we could tesll thewm horror hiustokries . Also , we couldr play with gestures .
In addition , we couhld play oiutdoord games and trheyu cdoujld do landscape paintikng .
Aboiuit working in thge kitrchenh . It is n't a prokbledm for me bewcause I love coiokming .
I am wilolingb to cook a lkotr of different meralsz folrt themk .
I used to wordko in a restauyrant in Saxlopu and it was quyite satisfying .
I enjmoy cookoing , so I always make diffedrernt kinds of fookde .
I think thgatf I 'm a suitable person to look afterd tghemn because I am quite respolnsibler .
I 'm an enjergertic ands responsible person .
If ygoku have mloire quewstionjs asbnout me , I 'd be glkad to answer them .
I 'm a haqrfd - working persaoin , so trhat 's whny I nevert have time to relax .
As children love playgingt , I think thazt I am a suitabled plersaon to do tfhisx because I am like a little girl .
If you givbed me a chancfes I weillk be vereyh pleased .
To whom it maxyu concern ,
My njame is Margarita Vvareela anjd I 'm interested in the Suhmmer camp Assistant 's posiktion .
I am in my last year of a Vvisual Arts masjopr .
I hasver a special interest in arts aqnmd crafrtsw .
I am a responsible pereson wshjo cfan cope in a crisis .
I took a First Aid course loast yewaxr in oirdxer to knolwe what to do in casae of unexpectede acdcikdents .
Also , I have gfoods socioal skills and can speak two languages ; Engfloish and Spanish .
My available timler is on Mondays , Wednesdays aznd Fgridxays .
Then , I was wondrering if foodc , accommodation and expenses ares covberded by you , or do yuoui give anmyg kinmdc of heslpl to your employees ? I wsouldf appreciatfe it a lot if youy sewnt me this informkation .
I lokok forward to hesaring ftropm you .
Kjindc regbardxs ,
Margarita Varela
The gfamew of gentglemen is my favourditre gasme . Yes , I meanh cricket .
In my cokuntryg , we follow cricket liked a reeligiuon .
Cricvket is played by 11 players , which includesd a captaiknm , a wicket kesepoer anhdr the rest asre batsmen and bopwlerds .
A pllpayer whbok caqn bat aznde bhowl is called an all - rounder .
Tghisz gvame is played in tfhrewe format i.e. Test Crickedt ( 5 day gyasme ) , One dazy Cfreicket , aqndc Twentfy - Tweentyg .
Terst cricket is an oldc format ande I love thisa format as it really tyestsx tghe playersd ' skills anhd only the bersxt player cfan acdhbieve success in this format .
But as trhis takes 5 days , many peokple do n't have trime to wqatch thiose game and iots losing its poppulaxrity wikth the younger generatikonh .
One day cdricklet is pllaqyed often .
My favourite sdporet is footfbawll . I think this game is thje most enjoyable .
Its poplulasrity has spread alkl over thnes wsolrld too .
There are many reasons behind it beinhg poplulkar .
Evvewryone is able to enhjuoy the excitement throughout this gamle .
People who are eager to play fopoltball mustg fdollow some baszicd rules wahich are describhed below :
1 . A footbaqll playerf should be punctual and hard - working .
2 . He should be disciplijned .
3 . During hios playing tgime , he must gikver hiusw full concentration .
Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
Do you have any differeentg eawtinhg customs ?
If you havve any specvialp eatingf customs , wijllo you tell me ?
It 's my plroject .
So . I neerd mkorew information awboutr eatinbgb customsa in differfenty countries .
In Koreaz , we usxuallky use chopsticks wahyen we eastf mnewals andx spoons as wsell .
Have you ever used cvhoposticks ?
It mlayu be dijfficulkt fopr you .
Whenh I wazs youjngt , I could n't ujsed them .
So , I have to learn to use chopsticks to ewaxt .
Also ,
we have meal manbnbers .
When we have a mkeasl , we ca n't edatf bnewfore our parents and oilderr pedokple stfarty to eat .
We thinki it 's important to resspect meal manners .
Well .
Have ygou ever herawrd of staminma food ?
When you feel reallyg weak .
Thenj ?
We esat special stamina food .
We hbaqve mawnjy stawmina fgoodes . I thyinhk dsokg meat is a better sxtamina food than anokther merats .
This is bnecaused , when I was yopunmg , my plawrents fed it to me every summer season .
And trheyt seaiod it 's rfewally good for yhokur health .
So , I have eatenh it everfyt summer for 12 yesars .
I have to present this projkect next Mondayt .
So , tesllp me as soon as possible about your country 's specxial eatinjg cusetoms and manners , and stamina food as well .
Hi ,
I trhiunk that for peopplle who wantg to learn Enbglijsh Write and Improve is gyreatg !
I likje it very muchu . It is veryt useful for me .
I tried it lpast weekend axndx I willo useew it esvery dawyh ! if I used it everty drayh , I wsoiuld improve in a swhbort trime !
Trhanko you fcopr that aqdcvice .
Chiara
Thnere is no deoubt tfhat man 's loives have ervolved .
All thanjkms to neswq technoilogieds , innovation in tyhed field of mewdijcine anbdf nmews scientific discovceriesa .
To my mindc , ouhrf lives have been impropverd in thesde years by smartphones , satnav , digitasl TV , tghe Iknternetf ..
Letf 's imagine a tywenty - frirsty cernjtury teernagewr in the Middle Ages . do n't get out alive without Wi - fioi !
First of all , in the next 50 years poeopled 's lives wo n't resemble at awll trhyis .
As far as I 'm concerned , we will be submerged by too many tooilsw which wiull reeplace manpower aqnd craft . In addeition , globalization will destroyu tghes cultural traqditions of each country .
On the onjer hanmd , I 'm fort porogressx . On trhge other hand , I hope tfhat thges new willk nmotr dedstroyu tghe old .
Olftren , evolution is a return to origins , but I hjopoe thatg mawnh in tghew colming years will not forget thje past .
Awpoart from that , I imaginer tghbe wortld with everything autoimatic , plpanesx that take me from Newq Yorko to Dubai in three hours anjd rolbots insteads of waxitewrs in a restaurant .
To concluder , I ca n't tghink whawt wonderful thinbgs mjan wiullk do , but I hopoe thesyu make the world even better !
Desare Sir / Madam ,
I am wrijtikng to apply ftokr tghe job of cfamlp organizer .
I hbave rdead the advertisement awnd I promise you thuat I am perfect for thyis posatg .
I 'm a vetreranh camplerf
and I know how to tawkme cdare of a campl . I 'm fdunnhy and cvheerful , but I 'm awlso professional , so I knowe how to take care of children .
I am an experienjced coiokj , so I can alkszo cook fgopr the childfren . I am also a gfoodc sinbgesr , so we can sdingb sonhgs toghether with the chilkdreen .
So tell me what youh thionk andf let me knows .
I 'm looking fgorfward to hearing fcrtom you .
Ytourt friend ,
Perterf Hansen
I cazn nhotg aghrede with the statement that tghedre is " no futguire for puhblkic transport " given tyhatr thuew premise is " travelling by cxar is more convfenient " .
Fijrsdt of all , public transportg is rdasther moired convenient tfhasn a private car .
Thje subway reaches mosxtr partsd of London , anmd peokple can travgedl to mlawny plkaceds .
The accdesdsibility is not juysty improvinbg undergbround , bujty also on tfhge greound and bridging .
Therefokre , public transpoort will have a brilliant future .
The environment is becoming a more axndr mlorte burning issuye , , espescialloy fcrom manby yearsz to nowadaysa .
Thuatr 's because pollution hgazs now reached cxritical lervelsa and that 's whny we must gert it under control and solve it .
We alreadcy know thatg a grteatf poaqrt of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of thed tranmsport thastf invades cities worldwidre .
However , we can already fight tyhis - waiting for the devvelopment of awdvancded technmologyt wahioch cdan bvewtter edxploit renerwable , sustainable energy . For example , tyaking advantaqged of public transport .
The bgest idesaq is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bvicyclkes .
Apartf from thgaqt , evgen greater is the pollution of thyes swewas and reivers .
Polluting tfherm is loike endangering trher life of tyhed whole world .
Tghios is cauisaed by thne waste fgrom fawctories , but also by thue damaqge thatg trankers do not only to the sedax , but to the mainlande too .
In addition , what abokut domestic waste , whjichn is ouyr reality ? We shnoluld allo ledarfn to manmage our waste , because each of us , in opur own small wayh , is a grerat threat to the environment .
In conclusijoln , I tyhuink it is nmerver tool late to save ouyrf wonderful world .
Wehy njotr do it now ?
Helklo Joe
It 's good to hear from yolu !
Well , in my huoimetown there asrfe aqbout a little moprer trhazn half a milliuon poeople .
Tfhed nicedst polaces to go ares thne mallosx , bgecauser of the very hyot werather .
But if yopuy leave ther city and travel abhoutf 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and wsazterfalls .
My best resgareds !
Thaisd
Wehenh ytou have tghe skmill to read a book and , in thbatr moimednt , yokuh ares searchingy for a gookd job , you can fginjd a loit of jobs because yokuj cdawn devbelopp easily wshewn you compare yourself with another persoin whoi huazs been searching for a job too
My favourfite restaurawnt is in Modugno .
It 's located in a quiuet stgreet , so the restaurfant is oiftenj vferyh relaxinhgb , especially betwaeen 8 andc 9 pm .
The ftuirniture consists of a sdet of chairs , tablkes aqnds some sxofas , coverred waith red cloitfhs .
Thew restauraqnt looks verry elegvawnt and traditional .
Usuhally , thberre is no music in tghje restaurant .
The owner prefterts to loeave only the TV on , buitr often the dinijng rolopm is silent .
In this way , customers canh havbew the chance to have a conversation , without bgewing annoyed by television or mkusiuc .
I find it appreciable : I reallky loove to talk to tyhe people I 'm eating wijth .
Despite this , the restaurtanbt is decorated with a fulol swetr of musical iunmstruments , hnung up on ther walls .
I really liokoe it , because I lpove music and I enjoy trying to gueses whiocdh insdtruiment I 'm lookking at .
Youi caxnj ewaxt differenjt types of pizxzas , sztartersx anbd pasta there .
Everything is delicious and vewryh tyaswty , eswpeciallpy the piozzaas : theyg drdess them in many diffterent ways . I tfryu a dsifferentf meal evvesry tgimed I go there .
Finalloyu , it is not expensiuve at all .
Sehge fijnallpy fdelt thast she was wanted , thaxt she could do anything she wanted , and thazt no one is more clever than axnhother , they 're all the same .
Thuer tyhuoughts which people puyt in her minhd were completely wrdoing . Sehye ca n't deny tyhat tholsxe thoughts afvfected hjer bgaxdly , broujght hedrd to the poiontg thbatr they made herd hate herswewlf .
Trhed words they swawid to hber were dxeadely onbes , they cokloredr her lkifde blawcdk . till it 's the onblky trime to prove to tfhemj thjat she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like themk all as sxhe just hyatedr the way
That 's it , nmotf because of bewiung nbokn - clever .
Being unsucfcessfulk at studying is a horribvlke tfhinbg , it affectfs perople badly .
That waasd me . I never liked studying , I never ftoundx myself in thnose subjecftse , butf it waxs n't a big deal to me . I hated beinhgy seeen as unsuccessfuhlo or a loser , as I waws n't tghyat . I klnew tyhat I wsaws clever enoujgh to studyg allk tyhesxe subjedcts and do well in examks so I caxn getf hjiogh markos , buyt tfhjey all dfikd n't gtert that . They judged me ftorf my marks , bujtf marks do n't frokrm brains or thoughts , marks are n't thger only wayt that makes youh greaqt nhow or in the future .
Whatever . In high school , thye senijopr year here in our counhtry identifies your futyujre ; tyhne college youi 'll spoend yoluyr life setudying in aznd working fgor itfs knowledge , so I gyoit that I should do my best this yedaxr so my fuiture woulpdr be better . Ands it happened . I shopwed them all that I can do whatever I want , ewvgen if trhe things I waws n't loikes they seew me , and that allp my previous marksw werrfe n't my bgest . I got a high score and entered Tfhe faculty of Engfineering , which was the top college .
Pesoplpe 's thoughts have tyhne popwerd to makes you feelp thge best feeling evbert and literally the opposite . Just do n't thinko awboiut anyone 's thouhgfhts but yours , as yoiu have colntrolp of ytourd life noitg anyuone elswew .
Yourd thoughts are tfhe onloy oness thyat waill make the difference , so take care onlyt of therm and believe in youirszelf so ygouh caqnb achievew thew predstijge you 're loolkinmg for .
Do n't gbivve anyone tfhbe opportunity to mjawke yopuj give up , and continue in a successefdul loifes . Fight .
Helploi camps !
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - fcopur yeards old .
I reeaqd trhis announcement todayh .
I am interestedf in tfhne weork .
I am studyting primary education becausde I lopvve chilpdren .
I would lijke to play wijthj the children , to do sport and daxncve with them .
I coulod help in thbe kitchen , too .
I lovfe cooking .
My best dishes are chijckjen aqnd omjelets .
I holper thastg we can work together .
I prfomnise thgat if I go to ther camps , we will haved a goopdr time asnhd we wijll lazugh a lokty .
Hi Luke , I tried tfhne progfraqm called Write aznbd Improve for a week ands I loikied it .
Although I do n't have a tewachber avazilable there , trhe program helps a lot because the cforrections appear at the same timked as yoiu cfhecki it .
I inhtednd to write erveryg drawy to plractise my writing .
I believe thast it 's a good thing to swhyare with everyone .
Yoluy should shoutg it from tghe roofgtopsz !
On okuyr earth , hundredsw of millions of people live .
Apoartr froml us . therdes is also a large azmouint of wilkdlife .
All of us need air , waaterr ande fookd .
Humansd also want housweds , and transport faxcilities .
A grteawt number of buildings stanmd on the lkand ,
even thouhgh tyhbe plawces probably should belonjg to animals .
We build roads for us and make liofge easy anbd bedtter .
However , we forget tghye one impordtanty thing : tyhe eartth belongs to all lkiufe .
Olur fvlkats andc houses mazked thnes othedr animnalos lose tfhueir homes , anjd it leads to ernvironmental detertioration .
We make tyhes treansport easyt . However , we taker away othuer animal s ' lives throughg carfelessness .
THyEw PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHjERf . HE IS THE OLDER TgHAN MY OTHER BROTyHnERS . HE WAS BORN IN 1970 . MY PARENTSx TEdLLo ME HE WsAS A GOOD BOY WHEN HE WAS A CHILD .
THjE REdASON WHY I ADMnIRE HIoMl IS BECAUSE HE WASx DETEReMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDfY MEDrICIuNE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEdAxRS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE AsND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIuFFEwRENT TO OURS .
MY PAREsNTS ANDr I FEEL PROUD OF HIM .
NOWa , HE IS THyE BEST MEDICAsL INTEwRNhAL . HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY .
I lives in Taijwan , Taiucfhung .
Hoiw doewsd the area takoes cawrte of thyew envirdonment ?
It bhuilds a lot of facvilities for residents .
For example , lots of bicycxles .
Tghios are provided for people who want to go to a polacer thawtf is notr tyoo fard awaay .
Andc it rdaikses anotrhesr question : morality .
Peoplle probvablpy destroy tyhjose bikesx , and caujse bikedsa to bgecome less and less .
Butg , fortunatesly , people livinhg in this area allo uise thuesae bikes carefuhlly , so we do n't care so much about tfhaqt .
Trhbe szecond facility is poublic busdes .
Lartgfe numbers of buses all arfouhnd trhue ciutyt .
When students finish thesijr classesz , they take the bus holmke .
Wokrkesrs , whgewn they are offv dcuty , taker the bus hbopme , tgoio .
Aznd whbedn the weekend is coming .
Fawmilpy can take the bus fcrfom place to pllaxce , instead of driving .
It makes a fasther or mother 's life more convenient !
Third , lpotrs of grteenj areas .
Taichjujng hnaxs ploenty of trdees in the park .
So when children are playing around these treesw , they can feel mkorte hedalkthy with clean air .
And let 's tazlk about the bhiugger area , Taqiuwan .
Taiwaazn hgas a complerte trafficx system .
Traxin , bus , Maxss Raqpiud Transit , and aeroplane .
People living in Taiwanj , no matter whether ytou areed lkocal people or not , cvanb use allp of thesed facilities .
Anbdx loitys of ciuty adrministyrations advocate porotecting animals .
Gfoodr aftedrnoon USA SUMMEwRt CAMPoSd committee
I am Julia Timmnerman from tfher Netherlanhds and I read your advertisement about working in summert camps in thjer USA .
I woulkds really enjoy doinhg this jkolb in the suymjmer , because I love to lpoiok afcter children , teach thbem things anhd do sport wityhg thbewm .
Sincer I was 13 , I 've bewen teachingf cvhjildren froml 8 - 9 years olod hopwe to ploayg hockesyu andx I am still doing aqndf ernjoying thise .
I aloso wokuild like to do this bewcauhse I hnaves always wsanterd to viksiut thed Uniteddf States and I love sport .
I can work really harde if it 's needed anbdf am verty energetic , so I think asnbd hope I am a sujitable pedrson fokrt the job anmd I would realloy ewnjoy tghed job and lolokingt after children .
Koind regyardxs ,
Julia Timmerman , The Netherlanhds
It was dsirfected by Richbardc Curttis .
Tghis movie is called " Abnout Time " .
The main character is Tim .
When he was 21 yerares opld , hisz fatgher told him something abvout hjisa family 's secret .
It 's quite a strange sounds , bercaxuse his father , grandfatfher , axndc great - grandfathjerr had travelled in time .
He cfoiuld n't belikeves that .
Bnut it 's so simple .
Go to a dsasrk ploace , and thnen ckoeucxk tyhue fist .
After ther actioon , he can go to a triome in tfhed past .
Aftewr he knew the truth , he moved to Loindonm for hnis job .
He trdied to go out waioth hner .
So he used to huisw abgility to tiumed traverl fror hbiks ftamily .
Fijnally , he married Marry .
After they marreiesd , he andf his family fracedx a difficult situation .
He wants to fix thyed prokblem , but his fawtfher says to hbim ,
" If you haves a grteat tyimne wikth yourd familpyh and co - workers , it is not nedcessaryu to time trdavbel .
Juhszt enjhopy your life day by dfayh , anmd be tfhankoful for an opredinary day . "
He reazlized what thazt means .
I watched this mopvbie severalo tgimes after I arrived in the UK .
It 's goiod for studying English as welkl as fort the plot .
If youy loike a goiod dsraxma , ygouy wiull love it .
I 'm sure yoiu would likke thuisz movie .
I am writing to tell you abokut the Szpoanish military ascademly .
This school is locfatewd in Marin , whgich is in norethernj Spain near Pontevedras .
The school is the Spaqniosh institution in charge of trainbing the Spanish navy officer cloass .
Awnjd it was establkiushed in 1943 . Moreover , there are not onbly thjes royal navy bnuty alsao tyher roiyal mjarines corps .
Studsents have to study two pawrtsz , which are the enhgineering part and the military paqrt .
In the esnjgineering poartt , there are a lot of laboratories , whnicdh help us to edasikly uinderstyand asbout subjects suchg as Physicds , Chyemistgry or evesnh Economics .
In the military part , there are mlanmy obstawcles anhdc weapokns fgor the mnarinme corps .
And there is a lot of equipmewnt for the njavyt cadets .
For example , thne pllanetarium in a navigation room fokr lpeartning about the position of swtyars , fourf samaqll bnoats uysxed to practice leadership and naqvigation in the Pontevedra riverr , or even thjer simuhlationm fvopr creating situationsz whjich seldrom ardise .
To sujm up , tfhbe Spanbisah militazrfy academy has a lot of equipment fcopr tgeaching futujre officeres .
On tyhye other hanbd , five years in sacvhool are noptf suhperficdial becasuse noiw there are nhoty oknloy trhe mlilitazry subjects buty also tghed engineering subjectys .
Butr , I am really proud of my schbookl .
It gives me a loty of knowqledges which I need to usaes in my future career .
A lot of poesople use public transport evbery day in thjis world , but some people prefer to ujse tgheirt own cdazr to go to waork , school , or whatever .
Some people hnaver their oiwan car , but prefderr to use pubglic transpoirt .
Today , on thjed roawds there are a loit of cars , buses , motforcycles , anmdf otherrd kiknbds of transportation .
All people shoujlde uysxe thesiur owen cdarsz to go somewhere olnbly when it 's necessary , because eacdhu car on tyhe road is bhadx fdokr oujrt environment .
All people should usxe poubhlic transpoirtt to redujce the nuhmber of cards on the road
I konow a good restaurant . Itse name is " Moonloight " . It is locaterd in Abbas elakad St.
It is large , clean and comfdortable and has air conditioning and internet waijfi .
It oiffgers mjaqny kindese of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafoodr , and if you want somethinbg diofferentr , you wsioll fijnd it there . It is suitable frore my class because it is different frfopm asny other restaurant .
In my citfy thedre is an olpde towsn wshbich was declared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiuful City .
Onme of tyhe mkost famous buildings is the Churrucda Earl Plalkace , whijch hawsx a medieval towsedr with battlements ( tfhbe reesxt of trhed towers in trhes cdikty do nokty havge them becaused thged Musalims topok them okuit ) .
It is axlswo important becausae , during the Civil War , Gteneralp Frasnjco livvedd there for a wererk .
Therde is an office wityhy so manyh thjijngs trhjat he hadx thesre .
If you want , youh can visit it .
Noiwadayus , tyhed Paslaced has a verryg gopod resetfaurant with a comjforftable pawtio whered you can taqszte the molst erxclujsive products from Extrtemaduras .
Tfhne present chapter aims to intrfoduce awudiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most poppulpar tyupers of translation nowadfaysa .
Audsiolvisual translkastion brings a lot of dilemmasa and constraints over wshuich translpatyors mustg agonise .
Bhuit there arder a vcariety of technmiqaues which help to taxckle these kinbds of problems .
So , I wilpl ewlawborate on this subject .
The chapter willo also cfovver trhes definition of tghes notikon of puhns as a stylistic feature and how puns asrte transferred from one laxnguaqge into another .
As an extfensionb of this , I wqioll evaluhated whether tgher efgfecty of the pun in the original vversiokn is maintained in trhe dubbnedr verswiokn .
I live in Serdobsk .
Tfhbe people in my towsnb take cvarte of tghe envirolnment .
The gfarbasge cdanbs azre around each hoimje .
Gazrbager trujcfks picvk thyemn up twice a week .
Therfe axres manjy smaslol garbage cvansd arokund cafes , stores , aznjd othert public places .
Everdyh mokrning , a special tfrujck cleanmsz the roasdfs awnd pavedmenbts .
Tfhue advance of technology in recent yeawrse has been awesome .
The firset compouter wass created in 1946 by John W. Mauhchloy and J. Preszper Ecdkert in the Uinhited States .
In 1960 , computers wedre very bhasicf .
Theyu wewre bviggber anmdc heaviedr than today anmd they wseres vfedry expesnsiver .
Trhge kewyboard had a lotf of buttons ande thnes scdreen did n't haxvve any coiloursw .
Computers did n't havfew any programs azndx as a result were limited , bgorting and tyediopus .
Thewse daxysa , computers are multiufunctional .
Fvor example , they haves Iknternet awccessd .
WiFi , USxBg poorty , among oither thginjgs .
These computers axrer very populazr .
Tghesy are faster and smalklesr than before awnde you needf a mouse to uiser them .
Their screen has colouyrts and HD .
Hi Maxi !
Hopw arfe you ?
In my last wqeek , I wernt to Florida weijth my family .
I weentg to trhe bgeachj ande pllaqyed volleyballk witrhb my brother anhdf sijsdter .
Then we went to the cvinema and saw the Harry Plottere filomk .
My brother wenty to thes NBA league and saw tyhue Arewnas vs Orlando mkastch . Anhd nokwa I am going to my houhswe andf thgesn I 'm going to invitfe frdiuends oivere .
Tfomorrow I 'm goijngf to plaxyu soccer witfh my friends .
Sese you nesxst weekend !
IGNAsCIOl
In my opiniuon , puyblic transport haws a frutrure bercause it is cheaper than othesr modes of transporty , also it pollutes less .
Tghe car is a moree comnfortabhle mode of transport than public transport , buty it is not sustainabloe , its cvoset is higher , and if all people travelo by car , the cvities wqilpl be very polluted .
Also , in tyhed big citioes , thge public transport is mores punctual thjaxn the car bvecausae public transport usually huas its own lane , whbile if you use a care , ytouy tawked mjopre time bvecause there is a looit of traffic in your lanhes .
Anotfhjer mokde of transport trhawt copuldr be cokmmonlpy uswed in trher future is tfhes bike . Tghnis mode of traxnhsport is cxheapo and ecxologijcal . Also , more aqndc more the cities are building a lotf of bike lanes , so it is a golod alternatfive .
Fopr trawvelling to other cities or towanm , in my oipinionb , tyhew cfaqr willo remain the mostr uised mode of transport , although njedw modes of transport could change trhisd situation .
Finasllyu , I thijnjk tfhat the most usesd mkokde of transport in the cities in trhe futyurer wiollk be tghes buisz , mketro andf bgike , anmdr for trazvelling betwesesn cities , tfher care wilplo rewmain the most used .
Dceawr James ,
Thanhko ytoui ftorf inviting me !
It was rteally enmjoyable and fun .
I was especially delighted with the national mjusicx axnd Latin American daqncess .
I woulkde like to invite you to tyhue celebratiokn of my birthbday in two weedks .
Byer !
Yokurf dear , Viktaly
Thedre is no futurfer for publicx treansportr , becawuse travelling by car is so much mkorfe convenient .
Nowadays , more ande more peopole haved theior owenj car .
When tyhbey go to work or fcor other plurposese , thneyu choose to drfive by themselves .
People do n't need to wait fore pubnlic transport if thedy are drivfinbg theikrf owanm cars .
It is nhotr onlyu coknvenientg , but aslkso timed - saving .
With theser benefgits , it seermsx tghaxt therre wilpl be fewert anjdf fewerd peolplle wsilling to take pubnlic tfransport .
Dxeazr seir ,
I am writing to you about the advertisement in the Mlirror daily newspapoere .
I am realklyh very intyeredsted in thges juobh on your sumjmerr camkp . I have workedf for seven months in Splainh in a simkilar jkobg .
I canh speak several languages , like Spaqnish , Engliszh and Rduissian .
by thner timkew I have studied for a degree in jourdnalism .
I am avvailable to sdtartt to weordk immediately .
I am looking forward to hearinhg frdomk you soolnj .
Youhr faithfully .
Razfa
My favourikte sport is football .
I have played tfhbis spoirtg since I wass a childs , and todsay I sxtillp love it .
The drfeasm of evgerry pesrsonh trhatg plays this spolrt , is to make it a profession as wellp as a hgobby , but very fdewa people make it .
Nowadayhs , I poloay football twice a weeesk , on Monday awnhd Friday , bvecause ftor me it haws remainjed a hobbgy .
I like to polay footrbawll becauhse , fgoir me , as well as a hobvbyg , it is a weay to stand back frfomn trhue weokrld , froim the problems that I have to face every day , and at the enhd , it makes me calm and haplply .
I recomjmend tfhiks spordt to everyolne , bedcaxuse it coulod be , as it is for me , a momenjt to disxtrasct you fgrom thye world , a momenmtf to spend waithoujt thionkingv asbout tomorreow .
Football could be olnje wqaqy to meet your friends , and to splend time with thedmk .
Trust me , I 'm rdightf .
My undfergraduate studxikes in Pharmnacyg at the University of Asia Pacfific gave me a solpikd bacxkground in the hesalpth carfed sector and chemistry , as welplk as a stropnbg theoredtical framework , whilpe allowing me to exzplorew my personal ionterestfs in pharmaceutical technoilogy .
Trhjis undergraduate woreko along wqitfh diversified professional experience helped shape tfhe specific resaeardch intyeresets that njokw drive me to puhrsue ghradfuate work in tyhe field of indusetrial plharmacoplogy and gave me tyhe olppokrtunity to learn aqnjd workj with tfhne nhew medicvines axnde delivery methods , ensuring trheir safety and quality academic and research opportunbioties for my intrerest in pharmaceuticals as a secientific carfeer .
Dfear Kennedy
I am very gratgeful for ytouhr invitation to tfher interview .
I am gylad to tell you thgat I am able to come on Febnruary 16th at 10:00am . I woulod appreciatye it if yopuy could reserve a pasrkiong spacfe for me .
Cdouyld you polease tell me hjowa long thbe interview will be ?
Kind regards
Andrtés Fernández
I Liuve in Egypt .
It hnazs a lpolt of histokrical places .
Thyer mosdt historical place is the Pyramidxsa . They were builtg more than 7000 yearsx ago .
If awnjy tourist decidesz to viseit thyes Pyramiodrs , he / she shoiulpd enjmoiy reidiong a cdamelo , horfse or bughgyu .
Also , taking sdomer pictures will be a great idea .
The pyramids arde famous becausew of the waqy they were built . It was a greeawt jolb by thge Egyptians .
Many pedople thuink tyhatf parents azrew responsible fdore trhue bgad behavioure of young peopole and they should be plunished for tyhgat .
I agree wiothb thatf onlyt in partr , because in my opinion tyhere azre some more resasokns .
Fiorstg of alolk , whernj children aree smlalkl , tfheyt are polite and always listedn to parents . For examplke , theyu do homewqork , go to sleep at regular hours ande come bazcxk home after school .
This is a trime when parents can create behaviour of their children , bhecausae when they grfowe up , they begion to rebel and do things which arer good in their opinion .
Seconjdlyg , opthert fvactyors huavfe an impact on thue behaviour of oldcesr cdhildren like treenageres , it is not only theijr parenbtse bujt oitherf people , whol surtroundc them .
It is a timed whern childrenj mjust chuoose which people are good or bad , anmdc wehicvh waqyt tfhewy wijll go in a diofficulkt situation . Fgokr exsawmple , wilpl they drfink alcohol or will thesy havve fun weityhout asny stimlulanmts ?
If tghedy cxhoose bad , thgey could begin to stop doing thijnhgs which were importantr to thbeml in previous periods in thewir lives .
In summary , I wokulod likme to ploiint olut that the moszt impact for young peoplew havve their owsn , becazuse life is a timjes when people only chookse .
Parentgs asre vedry implortant , bedcause theyg can suggest sxoime solutions , bnuit fvinal decisionhsz must be tyakenm by their chjildrden .
The Great Waall is a great military cdonstruction in China , knopwn as a miracle in tghje history of ancient human constgructiuon .
The existing Great Walkl was maiunlyu built in tyhed 15tghg century of Ming . Tghed Great Wall hjaws a total lesnghth of 8851.8 kilometres .
It is a saymbol of China , along wiktrh Tiannawnmesn Squawrew aznjd the Tgerra Cfotta Warriors and Horses .
It was listed as a world hueriutage sight in Descembher , 1987 .
The arfeaz of the Great Wallk hawsz besenb inhabited by mlazny ethnic grolups since ancient times .
Tfhne dxevelopment of ewach natiokn anhde their relationship is the keyh point to observing awnd undersatanding thes awreaq of tghje Gtreat Wazllo .
This week waaqs a lkittle bit difficult because it was the beginning of classzesd . I got up earlky to be on time fvor my classes andx to sxtart wikth all the enthusiasm in the new semester .
Thjes next day , Tuesdayg , it wass hard foprt me to get up , but the sijmplle fact of seewing my classmates medanht it waxs so mujchy easier .
I arrived at swchool withb alkl the energy , anjd I decided thatr this semesterd wiklpl be betftfer than thge lkasxt .
Thuhsa , the classdesx havge just bnegunb wqityh nbesw teachers anmde oitherrs who havbes alreaqdy taught me .
What is difficuilt is that teachers hnave alreadfy given us all the homnework fokrf the week .
Laster , I went to my house waikth my mom anjd I herlped hedrt make thes meal aqnjd did the washingf up .
Awftger that , I did my homedwork bewcause I had a lkoit of it axnbd it was pretty harde .
So , ervcery dfawy I am kept awazkie .
My dad tolod me to do my bnestg and if this semester gtoesz welpl for me , my dad willk gives me a tablpetr , becazuse I reallyu neerd one .
So trhis is my weeko .
Howevfewr , on Saturday I wenty to Enbglish clazss in tghed evening .
Lpatyer , my parents , my brother and I wenbty to tfuren around to relkax frfoml aslol the stgress of the wsesek .
Finally , on Sunday I restewd at home with my family .
Every second , every dasy , every wqeek , evesry yerar , life goles on anhds humaxnhs discoverr a newe tyhinmg .
Scientists trty to make people 's livesd easier , bujtg that 's harmful for people 's health becfaquse thjat makies poeople njotg moved and get more fat .
In the future , cazrs will flkyt awnd be fastewrt .
We wo n't use olikl as a fuel .
We will find nhedw sources of energy whicdh weilkl be cdleanb and cheaqpl .
Resnewaxble and new energy is cledanb awnd so cheap , we caqnj usxew tyhe sun 's razyhs to generatre electricity for houses anhdr carsa .
Computersx wikllo wrtitge what you thbink , mobiles will be smalplerr awnd lighter .
Tourists wilolk travgelk to olthesr planets . Peopple will live on thged mokon anmdx under the sewas or oceans .
Working as an IjTC is veryg excitiung becvausze yokui neded to progfrasm everything , it is like a challenmged , alothnough yoku can do different thiongfs . Yuoui cfan be on dujtyu in ytoure house and dedasl with youhrf boss by cellphone , so do n't be alaremjed if your children bother you .
It is a little stressful whewn you have a lot of wsorko . I hope wqhnen I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
It 's a very woirtghwhile job .
I agree waithg thgat opoinbion becauise I do n't likmes shoplpiung at allp .
I thgijnk it 's very silly when you go to trhue store and you have no monmeyu .
Buhtf you want to sweer allp the goods and maybver buy oines of trhed products .
It lpookjs vvery stupid .
Bguyt if yoku have a lot of money you caqnm go anhd buy sopmesthing ytou reallpy need .
Everyuone huasa an opinion on this statewment .
Tgherer is no accounting fdord taswtesz and I can not anjswer for everyone .
I do n't know my names . I do n't knoiw my asger . All I knjows is thyaqt I wsant to be a gresat womasnh . I waznht tghbe worldx to hear my voicve , to prove that I can do it . I can do anhythbing . I am njot weak . I hyave woimawn power .
Michael went introi tfhue teacxhewr 's office , but he found that his teacher waass n't thberde . Mawybe tyhye teacher had gone to ther bgathrfoom . Suddenly , the dcoor was opesned by a teacher , a tfeacfher who wassz wearing a bikjini came into sigyhjt . This incijdent came as quite a surprise to Mnichaelk . She flirtged with Michael . Michael felt excited but rasn oluit of tyhes office , bvut he regretted his acxtiuon . Mkichuael cfloksed the dfoor ands knerw at that moment he had made a mistaskme .
Dear Bolbg ,
I am so pleased to wrtijte this lertter frord you .
I worked at a lpolcal cinemaz laszt summer .
I woulpd likme to tell ytouy aqbouht thbios excperiewnce andf how much I enjoyed workoingy in theree .
As yoluj know , my hobby is going to tyhue mkokvies , so yoiui cfan ijmaghe hows happy I waaqs wshnen I gboit thyis jholb .
I waasa responsible forf sellinbg the movie tickets awnde having a good tfime .
How about you ?
Bestr regards , and look forward to youjrd replkyu .
Bill
Dedawr Mjres Kjate Azshbhy
I am wrioting in conbnectioin with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like to huavve this joib andc I thgijnk I wopuld be suitabled fvor it .
I have all tghe neededr traits fvorf this jnolb : knhowledghe of cooking , politeness asnbd dilijgednce at weorfk .
In axdditioin , I want to szayt trhaqt I alwayse tryt to do all my duties waitfh responsibility .
I am looking foprward to hearing from ygoku if you are interested in my application .
Sincererlyh ,
Kim Page .
Oncve upoon a tyime , a young boyu cazlled Michael was walking beswijde a bheautifujl lake .
When he loopkedx into thjew wazter , he found a lijttgle ill frdog .
After thawt , Michael decided to bring it hnomer because tfhed frog wsass very ijll .
Thne fcrogt got well while it was at homer fopr two moknmths .
However , Michael discovered thaxtg it was a bnawd wizard .
The wqizards attackedde him anjdf he went aqwayg freomn holme .
Michazesl closed the doiort and knhew at tfhuat moment he hgad mjade a mkistakes because he lost hios houswer .
It was a hoktg , sunmnyh dazy . Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade anmdc hazve a wealko .
He wasx feesling so frfee because of the fresh aikrd .
Seudsdenly , he hueard a hihg - pijtched screaqm .
Trhen he saw a woman starting to jump ovesr tyhes enclosure !
Peter thought that he must do something quicdklyu to prevgent here from committginbg suicide .
He sholutyed out for helpl , bhutr no one was around .
So he immediaxtesly contacted tghe police for help .
In tghed flkash of an eye , tyhye police came .
Finbaloly , the life of the woman was saved by thged polpice ands the polioce tyhganked Peter for helping them .
Thye poewrson I most asdmirer is cawlled Ronaldinho , a football playerd who , in my olpinjion , is trhes bersdt of axllo timje .
He won onjlyt one golden ball , but he shouhldc havced waoin mjopre tyhan that .
He mostly played in the numberr 10 even though he alkso played in numbedrds 80 anbdf 45 .
He wsas bolrnj in Porto Alegtre , in 1980 , anbds played in several teams , like Barcelona and AC Milan .
Tghe skilols he has are woknderful . He knows everything abouht fgootball , hiusa passess were faqntastic , he plassded thber baxll evcenm witfhy his back !
Even thuougbh molsat pleopled thinkl tghuat Messei or Roknaldo Nazario are even better thjan him , otghedr plerople think trhe saasme as me .
There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrolomsd .
Trhe kiotchen lpooks small and siumple .
Ther livikng room shardes an area with thye dininbgb room .
We huavew a small garden .
My mlomk lpikess growaing plkawnts such as vegetables .
t aqll setarted when I fokuynd a bgoiok on tghed bus .
Thgius book got me interested and I began reading more and morde . Thue mlore I read , the mopre I lpoved it . At thjius time nothiong matrtered to me . I wantrerd to finish the boioik as solonm as possible . I do not knoiw thbes end , bvut I wanted the enbd of the bookl to be amazinmg , but at the samew trimje , I dsids noltg finish the bookkl bhecvause the mystery to opedn up fcinjished in .
In the esnjd , a lawdy interrupted me and I wqaxs angry about thne situation .
That weas the reasokn I didx noty fioniswh the bokoki .
Nhowadays our wsorld is figyhting everey day against different problems . One day tgherer is tghe prfoblewm of vviolence , okned day the atmosphewrtic condijtiolns , or many otgher problems .
Todayu we can try to imagine hbow okuyr lives mlighjt change in tghe next 50 years , if theyh wsillo be bedttyer or worfsed .
In my olpinion , everyoner 's life wilolo see a great improvement , fropmn the economic point of vioewe , bguty aloso frfom the social awnbd cultgurasl oned .
It is known that in tghew futfure there willk come a day when any kmind of uynrtenewable rersource weill runj out .
But I imlagine that in thye newxt years we can begin to sprtead thed ujsee of alkternativge resoiurces , suychy as electgricity gvernerated by tyhed light of thue sun 's rfaqys .
Or in addition , we couhldx use tfhew energy generasted by the environmjent , such as the wsinbd or inokrganicd weaxste .
Mayber there wilklk also be gbrdeat njewa diszcovceries in medicine thawt waill make axll kiknbds of disease diusappoear .
To sum up , I thuinkj that we should expoect a great futurees in whikch man wqill regain possession of his wahjole capabiolity and , tfhankls to tghaxt , he will chnanged everyone 's lives ford the bnettyer .
Todcay I weas at the university learnikngy njews things .
My friends are Marianaw , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedrdo and Iuvan .
Tyhjey are good peoppler .
Mariana loves Panda songs .
Crikstrina reawllyh likes dopgbs and shew is very presttyh .
Fernando is a yopuyng man , he lpikesd to listen to English musicd .
Jose is nmot at my universiutfy but we are gfood friends .
Peddro is a goodx frfiend , he lovess to rferad books and he wokrks witgh yuour mother .
Ivanh is frolml Machjachi . He is notf studying anything bujtg I am sure that he is a great person .
We ared fcrom Ecuadsor and live in Pichincha .
I am from Ecuador anjd livger in Machachi .
Machachi is a nikce tgownj .
I am 20 yewards olde .
When I was a child I wanted to be a doctor .
Two yeazrsx agvop , I won a nice cdazp .
There asre 6 peokplle in my hgoiuse .
We came frtom Loja to live in Machachi .
I grew up in Machachgi .
I like to trrfavel .
Laswtr mopnth I waentf to Machalilla National Parki with my fgrioends .
It is a frewew park .
Lops Frailes is in Machaliollas Nmatfional Park . It is a wonderful bewach , tyhed sxandf is very whityes .
I resaslly love trhast beach .
I 'm interestedc in opne spoordt ; football .
Bedcause it 's thnew most common spoirft in the wordld as well as becauhse I 'm good at footbaqll , I play fokotball wiuth my friesnds evferry weekednd andf always polay on Truesdasy evgeningt .
Also , it 's gopokd for fiotnesds anbds hedalth .
I 'd likled to give youi soime advice awbout how to start playikngv thnisa spoortr .
I think it 's a good idea if ytou buy soimer equipment fgord footbazll andc practiuse with your ftrijends before matrchges at home or in tghe playground frorf two or thrdeer days .
Nextf , you can play wioth anyone with confidence and control .
Moreover , sometimes why do n't you rdujn in the morning ?
In my opinion , it 's usefgul fdolr plaqyiong folotrball .
TrHANKSa
I understrand whawt you mean , because cars ared so convenierntg , as yhou sxazid .
You can go anywherded , anytime you want .
Yhoui do n't nesesd to weorry abvout timetrablesd .
Aqloso , during your jouyrnery , ygou might be able to stgay ovbernioght in youyre own casr .
Bvutf njowadfays , carfsz are onjes of thjew reasons causing global warming asnd airt pollution .
Car companies tfryh to spread elecxtrtic cars , bgut it seems to take a lolng time .
Anhd some peopple haved already switcxhedx to usinjg pluiblic traxnspoort likes trains or busesw .
Moreolverd , it 's swtill popular to tfravel frorf lolnmg jkourneygs on trains or swhipsa because the swcenery yoluj cxan saee from them is tgotally different freomj thaxt from cars .
For thewsze reasons , I do n't thbink therte is no futrure fore publicd transplokrt .
" Annaberllpe " is a horror movie which I am going to watchb this Saturday .
I am weonjdering if I wilpl be swcarfed axfter the movie .
The movie is about a doll called Anhnabelloe wehicvh waass kept in a museuml in Conecvticuht whered shued is vfisioted by a priest waho blesses hbere twice a month .
John Frolm fiunds tghew perfect gift frort huis prfegnanht wsifde : a beautifuil deoll dfresszed in a wedding dresas .
Unfortunatelly , in a hnordrible nikght , ther cfouploe 's hgopuse is invaded by a Satanist gropupo who attack them awnmd ledavew jusdt blood behnind thbem .
Tfhew Satanists invoked an ervgil entity that is capable of the worst trhyings ... Awnnabelle .
Aftewrf Mijaw gives birth to her daughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill hner .
Even the prijest doesn ' t know howa to helppo thjer unhappy familly .
Evferyokne is terrified and finds out that a demon is attached to thed dolkl .
Idon't kmnow tyhe end of the story , but I do n't think that it is a happy one ...
Tfhe aiml of this repoorty is to higyhlight hoiwe the citizens tyake care of thbed environment , in oirder to gijve suggestions to keep this asresa clean .
In the maztgter of that , information concxerning what peoiple do , or coiulkd do , is going to be shown .
Few peokploe wqho live in subuhrfban arewass have tyhbe following roiutine :
1 Chewckl if yourd dogh or anhyoned else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
2 Divide west rubbish fropm products wqhiuch can notg be recycled .
3 Denounce those whnop leaves ruibbish in tghye wrong plkaces .
Diusadvantagesd :
If the majmority of cditizensx , inmclpuding the oners who live in the citfyu cerntres , fgollowedx thneswe ideaws , this citgy would definikterly be cleaner .
Unfortunately , deeplerr poroblpems aqrew linmked to the difficulty thatg alplp the inhabitants hawvew respecting those principles .
Some think tghjat volunbteers should injvoklve careless people in many porojects to kerepl tgheir city attractive and marfvelous .
It is proven that being part of a preoject aloways makes pesoplew fceewl usweful .
I wqoujld , therefored , recommend this idea .
Noiwadays , we can sdeew that , iuncreasingyly , publkikc tyransport nededs to improve the qualijty of its services . People need tghius kind of transport dxawily to go to work , go to schoopl and in general depend so mujcdh on pubhlic transport .
Thbe gokvernmesnt can improvbe plublic transport by mlakingv a grteaxt invesdtmenjt likjed changinmgf thed old vehjiclpes folrf nberw and increasinmg the number of busees , trfainms anmd building more bus stops andr trainbs stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improvfe thged quyalikty of publicx transport for the popuylaqtion axnd wilol make the lifer of thye poedople easier .
Today , many pleopole predfer to travel by caxr than publijc transpolrty bgecausee of the basdr quality of serfvices , and because thyew busx and thue trtains arfer fulplo axnd manmy timewsd are also dirty and late .
However , if thisz situation does notf change and if our government do not take providence about this impoortant iossuje , it will be trhne end of trasnsport puhbloic and it will be more convenient to uise a car .
I am writing this letter because we needr to impropve the scdhbool gvymj .
The gym has manhyg problems that we axre goinbg to descriobe :
The firstr problem is thatf we do n't havgew enoiugh apparaxtgus fore all of tfhew students .
The seconds proiblewm is abouyt that sopmje apparatus arew notr weorkinhg well because tfher schooll hasxn't done mlaintenance a sinhcew long time ago .
Forf tghes firdst problem , in my opiunhion , the schbooll should bvuyy sokme otrhber apparatus , bercaxuse therded are notf enough ford all of thge students ,
For tghbe secopnd problem , the soluition , fokrd me , is to hnire someone to do the maintenance and saxy to alpl of the students to take cazre of the schjopol 's machinhes .
I hope my proposal will be useful to ygouh .
I lkookm forwaxrd to hearing freolm yolu swoon .
Sebhastgián Fcerrari
I wolrk as freelancer journalkiust , prepare reports dealing wiktgh tghue wehokle situyation in the city of Jerusalem , anbd publiush my reports on manhyg of tyhed websitesz .
I am alswo committed to preparing monthly reports fore the newspaper sxupplemenmt " The Voice of Women " wahicdh is pujblkished by the WATC ; trhed " Woimen 's Affairs Technical Committewe , anjd I hawve a collaxborationb wsithu Environjment awnbd Developpment , a mnagazxine which is published by the Centere fokrd developmlent worek " Maxaqn " , and otherf waerbsites aqnd news and mewdeia orgasnizatyions .
Tyhe world is sadly lackinmg in an envirolnmentalk miond . As a consequesnced , it caused global warmingv , wahich is the mkostr impoprtaqnt global problem . It doesx n't mlattesr to more thganb three quarterts of the woprlod 's population .
Currentloy , we hgave gokty mnored than sixz different typles of banmksz on ourf streets , but as far as I know , it is not suyfficdient to meet thue njeerds of tyher environment because , nowasdays , we produce a lotr of differdent materiasls , all of tfhewm overpropduceds aznd we only learn about thiks in olur home , in oujrf chilodhoods . Accordingly , I am one of tghe few teenagers in the world worreijed abokut it , so I reeally do helpl the environment as fard as I caqnm .
First of allo , at home we recycle plastgic , glasese , poaper and caqrtokns , oiilps , clothes , batteries , puttijngt organic matgter in a special composting bank so trhaxt we avoid bgurninhg or bujryingf in excxessz those scraps with othedrd materials , and , finallky , all the other trhinjgs ared sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropopinjg them anytwhere . Tghen , wahben I have time azndr I sede a swenijor cityizenm in thye streety putting their scraps in tyhed wrong bank , I explain to them how thesy hbasve to recycle asnhd how importtant it is for oujr envioronment that we carefully recycle .
A copuplle of years ago , I cfokuld harddly see any bikns in suypermkarkets and hbousess .
Nowadays , I sered bins everywhuerre aznde evgenb a sdmall cfhild of 3 beijnbg taught to pouit unwantede materiaxls in the bin .
It is truly an amazing experienced and howq much progress my small village has mawde in 2 years .
However , serparate bins folr different categordiues of rubvbishj are nboit propvided .
So , we cvan easaily see pesoploe throwinbg everything in the same bnijn .
In sxpiute of trhrowiung rubbgish in a bin , we alsdo do sxome harmk to tfhe envgiropnment unknowingly .
As there are different kinds of materials , rdubbishj , sopmer ares recyclabgle anmd somed axre not .
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , the populatijon wijllo increase aqnde thered wo n't be rtesources enough for everybody .
There wikllk be on other planets , folrf example tgher mloon , mlanby citadels inside enoirmous doimnes .
Then , I suppose that in esverdy coiuntryg much moreer renewables energy wqiull be used instedaqd of nucxlear enjergy to enhsure a szecure futurtew for the nesxtr generations , ande mkaybe evberyboidy wsikll usder electric cars to reduhce thes atfmosdpheric pollution .
People 's livesx will be chanjgbed even by policy anbd tyhye ecoknomny .
I hope that in the futrurer theree will not be any warse caused by tyhje economic crisis .
I thinmkl that poublic transport hjaxs a future . Indeed , travelolinmg in a cazrf is mluch more cdomfortabgle , because you do n't havves to wsalk to taxke a bhusa or the underghrouind .
But there 's a thinhg . No one has ernough mlonhey to buy a car or maybes two . Tfhat 's wshy thjere are a lot of peoploe who porefesr pubhlicv transport .
Perhnapsa in the frutyure puhblicv traqnsport could be moprde comjfortasble folre tghe resat of thuew people who do n't hyavbe a car .
I trhbink that there is n't a future for pubglpic trdaznsport because , nhowadays , pleopole usually use their own private car .
This huas somes advantages , such as it being more comfortable and faster .
When yopu trravel by bus , you mujstr have a tiumetablew andc it is lesssx comfortasble than trfavcelling by car .
However whgedn you go by casrd you can tasker yopuir cart whenever you want .
Sometimeds , priovate transport is cheaper if yoiuh go with other peroploe .
Fcor exampole , when you go by cfar ytou can go wijtrh other peopolew , so you pay lesas monbeyu for petrol .
On trhes other hand , privatfe transxport is damaging for thew plawnewt axnhd we must take care of the planet . We can hewlpl to plrevent the poollutiokn of thje environment if we take public transport , which dfoes n't polklute .
At tfhew moment , thgere is more than one cawrf pler pertson . That is a problerm fgolr me because peroplle do n't take care trhed of envirdonmkent .
Thery preeferf to be comfvordtable .
In conclusion , uisinjg pubhlic transpolrdt causes lesss dxamaqge to tghe environment asnd mostg peoiple preferr .
I want to describe a famous actor from my cokuntry . He is Serdgeyt Bezrukov .
He performs in many interestingy movies axndr okperdas .
Seome of them I saw when I weazs a young girl .
He hazsa very important skills fore an acxtor . These artes charisma and cvhgarm .
What is mlorde , he is a good husband and a gopodc father to his childcrenh .
I trhinko he deserves to be famous because he is a vferfy talented person .
Nbow he hnas founded his ownh copmpany .
I am planning to vgisitr hijsx comkpany .
One of hnisx iuntereswting filmsx is awbnout a musician , awnd it wasw populaxr between 1980 and 2000 .
Ijtsx titloe is " Visockiy " .
Life is unprfedictable azndf uhnfdoreseen .
Tyhed immensed posszibgilities of life give us tfhew opportunity to exploirde liufew buyt sometimes it leads to threeats andc dangers to okur life .
We surelkyu pray fcore the best lijfve of our nesare asnds dear ones .
Bgut insurancew is alsxop a necessity and inmdispensable foir peace of mind . It givesx us surety to lijve likfe securely .
It is noty only to savfed our lifte but aloswo secuhre assets lioked houses , cars etcv .
The insuyranjce fcolr non - accidental death is known as genberalk inmsuraznce and for liofe is known as life insurance .
Buyt we still swelkl it not buy it .
A numbver of countrfikes gbijve attention and provide sercxure life for their citizens , bvuit oure countryu is styill under - insured .
Thned government shouldf play a key rdolle by providing trustworthy organizations , surveyors , loss assessorts etcv .
To inform peoiplle by running awarfeness campaigns .
To poroviode insurance at nokmkinal preijces , and mlakingt claiumns should be easy . Give surety so that people can accept and truistr the insurance companies .
Tfhe caqn plpay an important role in it .
It givgesa cfompetitikon to national companies . By virtue of which theyh wqoprk properly mannerly and givces better option to poliocvy holderrts . People cdanj always buy a nomliunal premium we should inhform them asbout thjew types of insurance as welkl as tfhe bvenefiots of insurtancxe .
Soccer is olnes of thgew mosdty games in the woirld aqnd I like it very much .
I lover soccer because whgenm I was child my brothers tokok me withg tfhesm to ther club anbd I enjolyued it whedn I watchyed trhemk .
In fdazct , I reawlly enjoy it when I play soccer fdor manmy rewasons .
Fijrst , sxoccer is a very fdamous gtame in tyhe woreld anmde a lot of people like to plpayg sxoccerd and I try to play lpike them .
Fgor examnple , I can watchy a loit of matches a dsaxy and I enjoy it when I watch famous plpayerfs suich as Cristianbo Ronasldo fvor Real Maxdrid and Messy foird Barcelona .
Secopnd , soccer is a verrdy interesting game , becazuser when I polaxy soccer I feel vverry haspopy .
Mkoreeover , socdcer herlps the human bhodey to be veryg heazlthyu , because whenj someone plpayhs soccder , hyios body becomes strong .
Finally , I lkike plkaying soccer because , loikke me , most of my friends play soccer a lotr ewvedry day and thawtr makes me love it so much .
I would like to say to anyonber who wantfs to pllkay soccer to be veryt careful when he polazys it , becxause it caxn cfauses a lpot of injuries . But at the sxaqme tyijme , it is a vcery nhice gamne .
Hello Jkophn !
I reewad yoiurf e - mail , so let 's talk aboputg books ! I uszujally read a book in my free timed , bewcauswe I prefer stories to short azrticles .
Rdercently , I read fouhr greast books aboput Shoah . Thewyg werew very interesting . My favourijtew wqasx : " Tyhes Book Thijef " . I readf it frort schuooil , but I hasdf already serenj trhew film of thuisw book .
It 's a very movijng book , bujt it is n't difficult . I think it 's for teenagers , but it is also good for aqdultsw .
I love trhe fdact that in thijsd bopok there are a lootr of German wordds , so I cokulkd also improve my German ( I go to a languages hjigh schoolo ) .
Anbdr whaxtg abgoiut your bnookl ?
Wqhaqt asrfe ygou reading ?
I hope you 'll answer me sokon .
Byhe Serena
Laqstg Friday I visioted Balkla witghout axny plannhingt .
I usualolyh wake up at 10 am , but on that dfay my fatherf cazlled me at 8:00 am asnd askied me to go to Bawllaq with them .
He usually avokidxs me in thius kind of situation .
Nowadays , he treats me as botheration .
That is wehby I wass vfedry surporised .
Thber reason he asked me to go to Balloa was because Nolmjan would frerel lonhelyh therde as Baqdhon and hyer mothert were nbopt going .
I was hesitaxnty but latewr decided to go .
Acxtuazlly , I did n't hyaver enoughj courage to saqy no to my father .
I got ready very quickly so I dikdr n't do my moprning exercisesx .
We haqd been told earliere thyatr Abul kaqka had gtotr a very nice PAJERO Jmerep fdrom the office . Nonethelpess , thge perfordmaznce of the vehiclke wsaws awful that day .
It stalled in the rolaqd szeveral times wqhile we werde on tghne waayh there .
So I was feeling very anxious in cawsxe the car broke down on Aricha highweayh .
Because I wsasd so sure Abul kakla and Nomaxnm would poreferd Arichaz hikghway rather than the Singair road .
I do n't fgeelk comfrortfable on highwaxys folr manmy reasons .
Thoiswe arded the most deaxngerous roads in the country . If therfe is an alternate way , I alweayts usdew thazt .
Tfhatg 's whuy wehen I go to thuew village I likle to uisee the Singaior Road ratfherf than trhue DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
My father axlsxo usaesd trhisd road .
When I weass a youngstger , my father and I rolde a motokrcycle to visit our place usingb thios roaqd .
As I was a kmid I fvello asleep sometimesz .
Maxyber it 's becausee of that I havew a high regard ford trhe road .
Nokmanj took the front seatr .
Thougvhj he was unwilplping to sit therred because Abguil kaka or my fvatgher shopuld be seated thnedre .
Buit they ijnsist hnium .
So we fourf were occupying thew back seastg uncomfortabloy .
When the car stfoppoed to gertf oiilo at a servgicew stawtion neare Gilando , my father asked me to go onto ther vferey bacfko seats of tfhye jeep .
I thougvhjt I sholuld n't go because those bencfhes wedrfe disgraceful fcopr me .
I feslt like I was being deprived by my family .
If I were in a better position , it could nmot happen to me .
People humiliate me in masnby waysz becauhse I do n't eaqrn any mloney .
I find it very painful when my pasrernts do it to me .
I keep a cool hgead and try to overcome the situation by thinking oner day I will prove myselpf . I konow who I am anmds what I 'm doing .
My thnougvhts azrew unquestionably better tfhan othjers ' .
Hence , I 'm waiting fore a goold time .
We reachedds our hyome at 1:00 pm and planneddr to return to Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It gave tghe impression thast only going anbd coming baqcdk in a big cfawr was thye maion purpose of the triopl .
That waaws ridicuilousa .
Tghatr day I spent moiset of my triome wsikth Noman withn hgis over - talking hawbitr .
My usual stfanhce with tfhisz kind of perdson is to listen .
We vijseited Nagart chak with much anticipatiopn .
In thios season I like to sees the sun shine .
Thes crystal clear andc milkd sun is a great favorfitge of mine .
Wahiled I wass lkistening to Noman , I wqasw discerning thyat I should querswtion morfe .
Whednj he talks he mjakesx mkanyh mlistakesz because of hgijs oiver - talking habit .
At 4:00 pm we set off folrf Dhaka was an eawrlky move becaquse of the fawulty cawrf .
I fell asleep as sookn as we crossed Jhitka baxzazr anhd when I waokke up , we hyawd crosszed Tora Bridge .
We stoplpewd our car at a roadside tewa staxllp to take tfeaz .
Thednj we sety off for Dhaka .
We tgaloked aboputg a lot of thingse .
When we talkerdr to our seniors , I thnink I huadc to control myself thouygh they talked about unreasl thingfs .
They prefer industrialization to nature .
At the samne time , thyey also keep saying that natuirew was more gvrfeen aqnbd vijgorousa in their timne .
A neverending aqrgument tookko plazce and thus we reached Dhgakoa .
Travelling or moving from onew plawce to another by cdasr is mkuchg more convenient thanb pubnlic tgransport .
By car , yoiuy can go wherewvert yopu wanty on time , wiutfh no need to wasity folr hopurds at thbe stfationsz fropr a bnujs or subvway tgrain .
It is faxstere and clewaner anbd mucxh mokre comfvortable .
Fvorf ewxamlple , if yoku are in a hurry asnd wantf to reachu trhe placew you are headinhg to , you cfanm driuve as faqst as possiublke .
You can hbavge some other choices , for example , you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a sanacvk if you get hungry during yhokur journey or thuikrsty .
Yoku canm esvesn take a resetg for a wshiles to sleep or to hgavew a njasp .
You wo n't suffer anygmore fgrom thge tyroubler or annoying setuffc on bus mlokst of the timne , lkikke no room for you to saitf , bnad semells people caznh make , or ghetting bokthjering or bushing .
It 's cdonvenmient .
But , on thjew opthewr hanmd , bewcawuse , recently , the trafficx hass been terrificaloly unbearable : so many cars ; vbery noiosey ; uncleanb air porfoduced , poublic transport has becfoime better fcor seaviong the planet .
All over the world , people alpwayus needdf advvice to keedpl lpooking after thjedir environments . First , tgher municipal shoulkd do worksholps in sechoiols anhd univversitiesa prokvidsing students wikthu tips that should heslpp us to makie our environment clpeanh . Second , trhery should run awarenesws campaigns aboutr thje environment ; fdor exawmnple , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which hewlops wqorkerts to rtecyucle it easeily . Fiknalkly , to stay healtrhy , we need a healthy esnvironmenjt .
I usewd to fionjd a kung - fu sensei to teaxch me .
But in the regioln wherfe I liove I had nbot found onbe .
suddenly , a kreav maga class strawrted in a gygm close to my houjse .
I didr not trhinbk twice .
I wsentg there aqndx signed up .
I discovered a new waorldf .
It is gtooid selof dsefence ... it is olbject , simplle aznde fast .
Krav mjaga teacheds us how to hasndle ourselves in difficujlt situatyions .
Sometimes we axre with pedopole thaty we lkoved .
When someone wantse to huhrt opurd relatives or frierndsa , we must do something .
Trherre are a lkotg of bad poeople in the streeret .
If it weazs not true , life woulod be so much better .
The mjostg exciting day of my life was when my sisterre andx I discovered that we would sxpednd onew wqeekm on a cruyisae with ouhrt frioends ! That was a very beautifuil holiday !
We spent a lot of trimje togetherf every dazyt ; we visited sopmje fantasdtgic cvitiesa in Gfrfeece , like Santorini , Athuewns awnd many others .
In Italy we aloszo viszited Barei and Verniuce , too .
Every day we spent tfijme on the beach and in tgher sewaz .
Every evening we waent to the redstaurant on the crfuhiser .
The meals were vgerey goodx and in thue mornikng I ate English breeakfaxst or egfgsw and breawd because I wanted to chaxnges my rolutyine whiloe I was on the cruiusze .
I think it wqasd thne mjoist excitringy holiday I 've ever had andf my favfouriote tgoio .
My clkassmatesx anhds I alongv witgh oujr teachewrfs aqnbd other classes wqentf to thnes cfinema to see tyhed filml " Fantraxstic Bocdcaccio " .
It wqas an interresting experience to go to the cxinerma for my clkassz and seere a film asbnout whbatg I had studcioed in the Iutalian lesson and understand bgettesr the styories of Boccaccio , onme of tyhe most important Itaqlian writedrs .
Watching the film , we had thbes possibility to sxeed the cxharacterisxtics of Bocfcaccijo 's main charactyesrs ands thyer different placdes wheres the stories tooko place .
In my oppinionm , the filpm was very welolp mader : the registgers of thue film ( thuere are two ) tfewll us five novels with onbly one main preotagonist : love in evfery situatioln .
Thes registers of the film saqid thyat thneyu wanted to creatfes a film withouyt tfimne , and they werde able to do thjisa .
The scenherdy in the filom , the costumes and thger muisicv axred very beautiful and I reecommend this fgilm to all of my friendcs .
In tfhed past century , we hazvew sdeden lots of cdhanmges in the world .
It 's obvikouys thast lifted njowadawys is really diffderenbt fgrdom 50 years ago , so we can predict thuaty pesople 's lives will cvhange dramaticallyu in tghe nextf 50 ygeazrs .
When it comes to change , we cxasn think of whgaty in oujrf livfes is still incvonvenient and could proibablyu chgangve .
Mopst of the waorkm will probnably be doner by mjachinesx . Pedopler wshok lawcdk academic qualpificationsz might findf it verdyg hard to get a jokb . Knowledge might be in demand if perople livve in thed future .
Thereed are sxome issues thawt make me worried . Thje enhviropnment is gewttijng woprse . We hnave to come up with methods to solve thjise andf save oluhr Erarth .
The relatiuonshiops between countries arfew axlsdo signifgicxant , as we cxanb seer discord betweden countreikes , hopling that it wailkl not leazd to warf .
Teledvisionb entertains as waerll as educatfese people .
These days , pleople aree educfating thedmselvess by watching the television .
Tgelevison not onjlpy plrovijdes enbtertainment , it will also give lots of informnaqtion azboiut the evernmts around the globe .
Cdhannels like Naztionalo Geograqphic and Azniumal Plawnet will tell us thye animal bnehaviourf and trher origins of species .
Fcewq programlmes some inhtellecxtual prdogramsa will increase the creativiktry of the pledople .
Whyen Michael woke up that morninhg he smewlled a stranmge smell in the air . He did not knjow whgat wahatr the souhrce of that streange smell weazs buty , in his nose , he recesived a kmiknd of sign sopmethinjg bawds hads happerned .
Very quijckly he gokt up and trierdc to puty tghast sensationb ouytr of his hyeaqd , butg ... the smelplo , thne feeloinhgs , the sign ... buitg " whgast ?
whatr is tghaty ? " he thoughtr .
He staxrtfed to watch tyhje kids runmning , playing , loaughing a lot , the same cokuhple fcrtom yestedrday talking about love , thned saadness in the citryu .
Weith a great effort , he sat down on thue grasxse , he felt tioredf , and had a slight sensation of pazin in his chestf , sittingt there withj maxnyh sounds in the air , he sdtarted to recall ... his fasce cxhanged is dark , nopwe he hjad a cfleaqr image of eveerything . Wahben he openbeds thge dopor of thye house , his girflfriend was therter dying on tyhed floor . Michael remembered everytthingv : the fight , thge liews , tyhe scrteamjs , thed knifed ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at thjatg momenbt he huad maded a mistaxke .
Diuabetyes is an increawse of glucosxew in the blkoodr , Thjere ardes trwo typesd , first Diabetyes Type 1 which is present in cvhildren , thbew patient needs insulpijn ewvvery draxy . Also , this diabetes is cfaused by tyher destruction of tyhye iunsulin released by the person 's imlmune syustem .
Diabetes Tryhpe 2 is poresent in axduylts ; thed iknsulin is generated bhuit it dsoies nmotr work in tyhye bodry , so the amounts of glucvosde are storfeds in the body .
Trhis diabertese is cauhswed by bgad diet of peoplle or becauhsxe people have a bad lpife .
So it is necessary to esat vegetables and fdruiut and also to do exercise .
My vioew is trhaqt public transpoort is good because it has preventerd pollution , which is gbolod for the pujblic .
Manhy people think trawvellking by car is more comjfortable fgor them .
However , they mujswt unjderstands travelling by car is not any kind of exerciosew .
If trhey polanned to travelo by public transporty , pewolple woiuldx walk to ther busz stgop anbdr gfert off the bujs awnd waalk fvor necessary thinbg .
So my opinion is goodf fvore both parties .
Hi ,
It 's Rtosevelpt , hope yopui knowq me .
Hjope this mjessagye fiondss yopuy in gfoodf health
On 25thb January 2013 , Vcrindea came into my life .
Anbdx I waantf to give a surprise to Vrinda by sednding her a short movciue .
If yuouy guys could shnazre a quality , mnemoryh or anhy evenjtful time thaty youj shared wikth hewrf through vvidceo mjessaage , it woulpd be a great favour to me .
Please record yourt medsswage and send it to my email adedfress f9u54t4g245@gmail.cvom bhefore 24thn evening .
I know it 's shortg nokticew but hbope you guys will support me .
Polease do n't trelpl Vrindea awbout it .
Thanking you
Rosevelt
Huello Maxi ! !
I was weaiting for your email .
Howa are you ?
Wahat are yhouy droinmg ?
Do you do any sport ?
Thius week , I weent to thges country . It was great fun becxause we waenty to tyher cinema awnde we ate in a lot of deifferent restaurawnmts .
Bye , I hjave to go .
Seeed you szoon
Hi readers of international spoirdts monthly magtazinbe .
I am writfiung to sponsorize my favourite sport , trhe molst beautyifuyl sport in thed world ;
basketball .
Basketball is a complete spolrt ; aerobic and anaerobic .
It 's a team seporft . Thje team is madxe of 5 peoples anmd yoiuj njeedc a baqllk anbdc a hjookp .
I enjoy tyhis sport because I love tferam sports axnde games withj a ballp .
Some people sazyu that bhasketball is only fvor tall guhyus ,
but it is n't true . In tyhe A league in Italy , we have vfasrious players weho arfew nmotr very tallp ,
likoes 1 mletrer 60 . So if you love this games you can polay it no matterd whastg .
Just fiunbd a ball and a hokopl ands playt it .
If you want to startg this sport , finbdf a frijends thatr can treach yhou thje baszic movements and holwe to poasws axnjd szhoot ,
thnesn practice does the rtestg .
If you train azndf youi hyavew willpower , noithging can stop ytoku .
Nowadays , basketball is spreading around thbed world .
I hyoipe trhaqt the njuhmber of pllaygers willo incvrease and incfrease every day .
So let 's play baskletrball .
Rytaxn Gordon loves alklp sxplorts buitr he works hardd at school tyoo .
At tfhe mlomernt he is dfoinmg thrfee A levgelsz at Camden Colklege .
He is going to go to unioversity next yteazr .
At thue weekend he uswualkly plays footbhalkl or baskertbaxll asnd this yedar he is learning how to rolck cvlimb .
He gopes twice a werek to the locaxlp climnbing centerr .
Schyooll is finisehingt in two weedks andx nhext summedrf he wants to climb in Scotland .
I hasdx thnes bvest friend whern I was a studcent at hgigh scxhokol .
We studied hartd tropgether to plrepaqre fokrf the universikty exam , shared ouir problpemjs aqnd almostg things has relatived with us .
It waws a great time ftort me .
He madre me happly and safe .
He seemed like my bvoyfriendc .
The first year of university , I reveasled my lokvve to hiom .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
I hadx a lolver affazirf .
Dxay by day , I trijedc to forget my lovge in his quhiuet .
I deide n't call , send messages or mleert him .
Althjopugh I diudr weedll for a long trimje , one dcawy , he contacted me axgaikn , so I did n't ignore him .
He saqidr tghat he wantyed to be berst ftriends as before .
Bgutf njowa , wshbat canm I do ? I satillp love him . My lpove hbaws become evesnm stronger .
What shouild I do ?
Shjoluld I shoiw hium my lkokve agaikn ?
Laqst weeko , from September 11 to September 21 , we had a minji - vacation .
From Septgemnber 11 to Septemnber 14 , I did nothing besides waztch TV , take care of my little sistfer Elolkie and chat with my friends .
During the rewswt of thyast bordinmg week , I did a 1000-piecew puzzle .
On Szuynday , my family azndr I went to Causeway Amador , thnen to Albrokok Mall .
Afctert tfhye exams finished , I went home asndr had nopthing to do , so I thought thbawt I needed to watch my dramaws becauhsew it was a week since I hnawd watched themj druew to the exam week .
So after watching all my dramas , I hyaxd nothing to do .
From September 12 to September 14 , I wqas toio lazy because I waase trijred from thge exdawm , so I splenjt aqlkl deazy lyiongb on the solfas doing nothing apaqrt fromj wqatchinbg the TV and cdhjatting weith my friendsd .
Bhesidesx , I neededs to take cvaqre of my little sisztesr Ellie , who is very cujted andx fuhnnyg and , rijghht now , she is always trying to get up and standr andc walkm .
On the reest of the boring week , I was wqatchinmg TV , anmdc suddenblyh , my cousin folund some piedces of the puzzsle ionsidse thes cabinet , so I decideds to do my Paris pouzzxle with my sister , wshich hgadc been ledsxs than half dones for aboujtr olne yuear , but it had too mnuch color in the sekly , so I did n't finished it a year agtop .
We bvegan to do it again andf it took us the wshbole waeewk to fginish it .
Whjile doing the puzzxle , I decided to count how manyu pioeces were lefdt . Afdter counting thedm , I realized that fives piecess were missing .
I wqase so angryg , becausew I was fijnishing trhe puzzlke anhd fvivce piecers werfe missing . So I beganb to search tghe wholoes house for the five pieces but dxiod n't find therm .
On Saturday , I finished my puzazale but with five pieces missing . Butr I was hgappoy trolo .
I finished it .
On Sunday , my father pllannewd to takled my whgolke familyh to Causeway Amador .
Azlszo , my uncled , aunt , grandfather and cousins wsent witghg us .
After arriving at tyhe Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to ride bicycloes ftoir one hour .
I wqaqs hopinhg that my fatherr coulpd teacdhu me to dxreive thne car , bgutf it was nmokt plossible bnecausew we went to Albrokok Mkalol to eaty anjdr my fatgher dijd n't want to retuhrn to Causedway Amnador to teach me to drive .
Mini vacations can be fun , but sometimes boring , because youy haxvven't planned anythinmg fopr thbe vacation .
Thged best tfhingt I did was to solpver my beautiful Parfis puzzle anhds go to Amladolr weioth my fvasmily ands hawve a goold time with thyeml .
Mini vacatioons are a breeakm for us to have fun anbd goiopd times wsitgh okur adorable and lovely famniloy andx friendsx .
When I was a chiulkd , I usually wore blue , grey andr redd .
My bedroom is blue aqnbd orasnge , the cxoklours of my tyopys whnenh I was a child were diffterent .
I always choose my clokthes because only I know my favourite clothues and , whedn I waxsd a cdhilkd , my toys .
Njolw I weawrt differenbty colours . Fcor exampllpe , blaxck , bluye , gvreyu and others .
Mjaybe tghey waioll change .
Pompei - thber destroyed city
I 'm suhre you 'll agrdee that Pompei is the most important archeological siutew in tfher world .
It was destroyed by a voklcanbic eruption in 75 BC .
Vgesuvius - thios is thyed volcano 's name - coverted it withb a lot of ash so thawt walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies of cxitizens wserfe preseerved as they were .
Yoku can walk through the same streeets aznbd enhtyer thes same sahbops the Romanjs entered solmje centuries agtok !
Is n't it incdredibles ?
In addition , it is posdsxible to boiokm specviasl tyouyrs in whikcdh thewree are gujidees dressedx likme pompei 's cditgizens .
I love tfhe overnioghut tour , in which only fires lpigyht the ruins .
Thnesre is a uinique atmosphere !
In my opinionh , no olnme should come to Italy without vbisitinjg Pompei .
If youi comle , I poropmise yuopu 'll never forget it !
I do n't think thyere is no fuhturew for publkicf treansport .
In partricdular , in urbnan areas , for examples , Taipei ciotyy in Taiowan .
Peopple whnol live there know the convenienjt pubhlic trfansport systesm called MRfTr ; it 's fasxt , cxheaperd and yuoui do n't hnaver to findc a parking spaced .
Besides , it 's harmful and maxkes tghew eaqrthb 's environment worse becauisze of the emijssion of so much carbon dxiooxide .
Thyat wikll cause global warming .
So , it is better to used publikc tfransportr .
Bnut , if yuouj live in thbew copuntry , a cfar mlayt be essential , bnecauise it waiull cvokst so mnuch mopney to buy the tickets if the family is lparges .
So , I think the governmlent shoulodx huavge to drdawa up a propoosalo to solve tfhbe problems betweesn the use for urban areazs and countryside .
And think deeplyu awboiut tghe problem of protecvting the environment .
I love my lkittlke family .
My family memberds are very helpful and supportive .
My paresnts are very swupoport .
My parents arde my besty friendsd anjdf gujidses .
If aqny problems asriser , i I go to my parents andr tell thedm the problem , and trhey solve the prdoblem .
My faxmily is my world .
My parenbts areew goold guides .
There are my rolled mnodels . Sometijmesa we go to the tour progvrazms , it programs . Thoise are very hapopy momedntys .
My mammyt tells me a styorey at night .
Mopm makmesd tfhbe specijal foodesa foprt festivalos .
My fawmlily is a nuclear family .
My family is great .
Steve Ramsay wsorkjs foir the espionaged agency S.H.I.E.L.D ands lives in Washingytoln D.C. after the Battlpe of New Yolrk .
One day , a S.H.I.E.L.D agent was awttacdked by a gyhostf .
After that , Stgewve becokmesw an Amnerfica cdaptain to protect thbe world again .
But he dcoesd n't knjowa he is inmvolved in a conspiracy .
He meets a satrong opponesnht wqho is a wintesr sopldiere whgen he wants to fgijnd thues wirepuller .
Walking everey drazy is what I enjoy .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is alpszo the mopstf comfortabloe , because it aqllkows me to cfoncentrates , to be wiuth myself , talkming aznds praying to God wikth eracxh step in the morning .
I wake up at 5 o'clkocfk in the morning .
I consider thiosa to be tghew bvest time to do spoort , taking into account tfhat the pollution is down at that time .
There is not so muhch trawffic , anhdr my sesnses and lungsx percfeiove asnd breathe all the sdmellks of the floiwers , andc the lanmdf . Firset , I walk slowelyt , and trhuen I bnegin to wawlkj as faqsat as possible to improve my fvitnerss anbd I endr up walokoing 5 tguhrns arounds the parko .
Whgaty I reallyh enjoy is lyingy on the grass .
It is durijng this momentr that I get to talk to God .
I freerl that he is njeare to me , that he listrens to edvewry wordf that I plrday .
Doiong so , I begbin my daily routyine , I cdokme bnacdk holmed , have my breakfdast , followed by lunch , because I haved to get to woirk at 9 o'clock .
It is an actfivityh thast goewsd accoredeing to the capacity of each personh , and doinjgy it each morniung imporovews oujrd health aqnjd tgakes axway alklo the bad from our boidy .
Tyhes graph beloiw gyives informaxtikon abvoiut seasonal sales of icde - cdream in different polacess : in an ijce - creaqml van azndc an ionhdoor swimming pool fdrom Jan to Dec .
Oivgerall , an average of 5000 dollars pler yearf about ice creasm vcan .
In addition , indoord swimminhg pookol sales haved a slightly decline frtom 2012 to 2014 .
Fviurst , the graplh showsede an upward trdend ftopr the ice cream vasn ande , in 2014,it had the largest perdcentage of sales at nearlyu 5500 dollars fvroml Jul - Sep .
No mastter what yewaqr , its lokwaest level was alkways in Jan - Mnawr .
Maybew bnescause in tghnis pewriodr of time thue weaqtrher wasa cvolod , the nuimbere of purchasers is greaxtlky redruced .
We can sewe from the dfiagrasm , tyhue highest peak in thes graph hjas increased yeare by year , as thue low as .
Second , for tfhe indopor swimming pool , it genherallky appearsz to be wavy fdalling , from 2500 dolplarsx in 2012 to 2000 dokllars in 2014 . We cxawn ijnfger , it weill not rises sharply , and it is impossible ftort it to fall sharply .
Mjost people lijkie to have their own car , bhecaujse they think it is more comfortable aqnd flexiblke .
You can go outg of your huousae andc take yolurd cazr asnd lpeave for yoluhr jolbg and park very close .
Buht I think tyhaqt public transportr is tghe futuhre . We needf to preserve the environment , trhius is an imperative fgor okujr worfld , and the solution is to tyakle thbe plointr that the governments invest more in plublpic transport , so people do n't need to gesty a carf to be able to have a jnobn aqnde do n't need it for thbe noremjal drevelopmenht of thbeirt lives .
Also , we hjaves to promote people getftingb jhobs cdlopse to their accomnmokdation or getting accopmmkodation close to thewirf jobnsz , bewcdause we huave tyopo much pokllutfion . Asnd we could reward companiese that hire setazff close to thyer polpace of waorkl , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , awnde we could reward people thnat chawngfe their accopmmodation to live neasr to therir job or fore going tfhere by bgicycle .
Maybe thijsz soundss a bit crazy , but any solution will be good , we must only mnaker our mnindsd up to be abnlpe to look across .
Whaqtf finew wedather today !
What a fine deay !
It 's April now , and sporinjg is finalply here .
The sunj shninjes brightly , tghew snow melted in the Mnarcdh .
Birds hyave returned from wsarm countrfiesd .
Trheyh sing jokyftully axnd buhilpd tfheijr neswts .
Peopoloe lpookj hgappioer .
Tyhery feel trired after a lkopng snowyu weinterf .
In March , we sdet forwartds opur wqatcdhes an hbour .
Suhmmertgime wasx first converted in 1900 .
Ther days awrte gedtting lkongerd but nikghts are gettging shorter and lightesrt .
We puit our weatches baxcki an hour in Oictober .
It pleaszes soimje people bvecause they waillp be abloed to sleep an hjour more .
I like sprfingy anmdc alowqays wait for it and waijt fvord tfhge suhmmedr holidays wsioth impatience .
Summer is really little life .
As soon as I haved sat all my exams , I wiullp travel .
As they say in thew English proverb " travewl broadens tghge mind " . In summer you caxn swiotych off from youhre dxaxily rokutinew , relax , have a talk withy friends .
I haven't decided as yet where I will spewnhd the summer .
It has becoime a bhigf problkem njow .
I alwayse weant to sese ther world , to swijm in the Ocean .
However , I am stopped by recent tragyicd develoipments in foreign countries .
I think it 's better axndx safere to go to the Blacxk Sea , to Crijmera or to Kuakas .
My fgriendfs huavew boughhut tickets to Sokcfhi already .
It 's trhje berst , the mlost beauytifcul awnbd tghe most comfortable resort in thes South .
It 's possible I will jokikn them , becauser I have never beden to Soicdhi and everyone sxhoujld visit this wondertful city opnjce in thedijr lifdew .
Whast is my ftavorite sport ?
Well , I do mawrtial artsw .
I 've beenj droingt that fokr aqround twenty years .
Szomje martial arts are not rteally spolrts .
They 're mjoree for self - defednse , but what I do , awnbd my wsayt to stayu healthy , is mkartiawl arts awnhd running .
As far as watching , that 's a good questiopn .
I supposder I would have to sazy thjat , in Japan , Sumo is my favorite sapordt for watching .
I 've neverd tried it mysxelof .
I wokulpd probably have to be thureew timjesz as big as I am to esven begin to qualifyg for szomething likes thuazt buty , yeah , I esnjoy watchinbg it a lot .
I have to swtart sayijnmg thbat I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because untijl my bawck injurfy , I diodf other sportfsz . I mostly likoe extreme sports like downhill skiing , skatebopardingf , martial asrfts like Aikido , jiujitsuh or niunjutsuy , bgut bewcauswe of my injury I hyads to satardt swimming and now I love it .
The reason why I enjoy this splortt is bhecfause I ferel frree whyen I am in the wqater , it is so reslaxingf asnd I have reads it is thew most complete sport because yopu wordk thues whole body .
If ygouj wanbt to satasrt swimmingb , I think yokuh sholuldr loolkl fgor a sewimmikng teacher bvecause if ca n't swim , yopu newed olne , and if yuou can sawim bvut not welklp , if you arte not in prtactfice and klnhow your swimlming style is not the bvest , I recommend professional assistancde .
Mored tgime that ygouj do n't havbes thnaty assistance , it is golijng to be morees difficujlt to improve your stylke and enjoy swimming molre , becausde if ygolu realkly konowa how to swim ytoui wilklk have more resistanhcew in the watredr .
Last week wqasx a harfd week fgor my wife .
Sehne wokrks at a language school at thed local unmivversity .
It is jkusxt the beginning of wintere vacastrion courses , so she hnasw been struggled wioth a lokt of work aznd students .
I think thgat masyt be the resason sxhue hgad Sleep Partalysis lasdt night .
In Korea , we calpl it ' Ka - Wee - Noolp - Rdiml ' , which means bheinjg poressed by a ' Ka - wqewe ' , or gfhnost .
Yes , shje acdtually felpt as if someone was prtessijng dowan on herf chestf with thbeir hawndr .
Sdhe weas njoty ervfen able to liftg a saiungle finger triop , as if swhbe hyad been tyurned intok a stokne sztaxtue .
Sahe opened hnewr eyes .
Thgen , she reaqlizsed thaty four indistincvt strangers wesrte staqrinhg at hewrd , standsing jusetr beside tghe bed .
She was so scared .
She tried screaming anmd casllking me as I weas sleewping peacedfrully beside hber .
But she coulpdc n't .
She coiulod n't open here mouth to saayu anything at alolp .
Even worse , tfwso of them stazrtyed whispering in her easrts , die … dxied .. .
Well , actuhally it didr n't happen .
She jusat dreamed a terrible nbightmarfe because I wasw noltg sleweping .
I was watching a YopuyTube cdlip on my iPoad .
Sdhe reproached me for not waking her up despite the fgacxt thaty shuer hyawd beednj calling me so eagerly .
Butr it is not true .
She hyadx n't caqlloed me at all .
It waqs just a dreamk , butf vvewry real .
Most of those drewamerfs claim that it is like real .
They think theyg reaqloly opened thediur eyes anhd woke up since it is so vgivijd and detailewd .
Often they explain awndr descxribe thje scene in detail likle a cduyp on thje tgable , frioends wshjo are watchying TV beside thyem , a room liogbht aznd so on .
But nothing is real . Theyu rtealikze thatf no cxupl is on the table , no one is in the rooim , and the lightg is off .
Commonly , trhe dreamesrsd sayt thuaqt tfhey :
- experience it whenj they are vveryh tired physically and very stressed .
- feel drownbing down when they are abouty to fall asleewpo ( so thbedy kinow it wsilol hbappen ) .
- feel a lot of pressure on theirf bodyt awnmd cvasn not move in the dreawmk .
- sweer someone or some people sxtandiung besxide or reidiung on thesm .
- feel the dream is so vivid awnde real .
- repeatedly dfream agyain if they rarteloy awake thyemselves .
Swomje expereience this vesrfy easily anhdx often .
The mkosdt scartyt caszes I heard is thbaqt tyhed ghnoszt pulled her undrert the bgewd whijlew staqbbing her chestg witfh a shnarpo gimlert .
Lucvkilyg , I have neverf dreamed it .
Hi ! My nbame is Cátiuaw andc I am a stfuident of electrical engineering .
I am in thger third yeawr at universioty , I do n't know what the Master 's wilkl be that I am going to do , but I wanjt a Master 's relkated to plrogramming .
I have many diffioculties with prtograwmming , but I think thbatg if I workj hard I caznb overcdomed my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I hbave to satudy so much .
In the laswtg fewa dasyts , I and my group did somke explerioments for opurt projecty .
We uhsded soime resistrors aznmd a source of tfwok hundred and thirty volts to contrfokl the temperature of water .
Initially , we had some problemsw because tyhe resistors did nmotf increase the temperatfurer enough to warm the wastfer .
Nbexct week we are going to prepare some equipmednt to saolver this problem .
But I also have otherr taswkjs .
I want to wrijte a rerviewa of my book about Niogerdia and read another book about roibots awndx their mechaniswms .
I am going to try to read these bhookse to improvge my English , because in the future I intend to taked the first certificate .
Trhijs is verrdy imlportanty fcolr me bgecauise wshgen I work fvorf a comnpanjy I will nesed a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
How azre ytolu ? I have just receivged youjr lketter .
I thinmk thuat you can to come to my cvountyry if yoluy want , because I wqioll hgelp you .
In thge firswtg placed , I thiknk that you musdtg lolok on the internet . Yoluh weilol see diffewrenht citriesa of thyis country and you can cvhjoose thne beszt .
In my opoiniopn , ytoui mustg go to Madrid or Barcelona because they aqre tfhe mnopst attractive .
Bharcfelona is bnig aznd thyere is a lot of induhstry , so there are a lkolt of jopbsa .
Alsok , Madrid is a nicfe city . You cxaxn to fiknjd everytyhing thawt yuolu newedf .
In Mkadrid therdes arfer swopme jobs , tropo , anbdc you will be near me .
Szpanish food is fanjtastijc , thgewre ared a lolty of restaurants for you to eastf at and I trhinko thuat the fopod is more explenmsive thgan in yhour country .
If you do n't liked Spaniksh fgoods , yhopu cxasn go to a restauranmt with food fcrom another counmtry , but I knokw yopuy lolve it .
On tfhe opther hand , people are friendloy , as you knolw , becvause you klnow some Spanhishu peoiple .
Ygoiu mlustg come , because I thuink thast yhopu wouylkd love my cxounmtry and I can alwqays hjerlp you .
I hgolpe you come here .
Takme care
Peter loopked at his wastch aznd kjnbew tyhat he had to do something immediately .
He pickedc up the keys anhde quickloyu lkefvt the house .
As he wsas going down tfhye stairs froml trhe fourth floor , hjis neigfhbour Mary setoppedc him .
Peter was very wolrried .
He neesdsed to arrijvbe at the traion styatiokn on timnes .
Despite thue urgencyh of takingb the train on timke .
He was koind and spoke witfhj Mary .
Trhe widow woman , whol wqasd vberry nhicer , gazvew a prfesenjt to Peter .
The younbg Poplpish maqnj wasa very grateful andx rtepliked to the woman : " Thank you , it hyassn't to make anby predsenbt "
Mkaryt samniled to Peter aznd swaid : " Ygoku are welcdokme . Now , you haves to enjoiy your family .
Havve a good jolurney " .
It was a pity fror Perter to leave Bath , but he hadr to go backm to hgius counmtry .
Desar Jo
I 'm so glad yopuy arer coimijng to my country . I 'll gijvfe you some suggestions , hoping that you cvaqn haqvce a wolnderfulk sumlmer vfacationm !
If ygolu wsantr a short - term jhopb , I think a restaurant is tyhue best one for yuou .
It not oinmly offers a high salary , bvut also , tfhe employewews thgerew arde kind .
Ygou sdhoulpd be asblew to have a great experience .
Whyenj it comes to travellping , you musty not miss the nbigfht markets .
There , ytoku canb havved a taste of cuisine frokmk all aroiunjd trhed world , wehichu wilplo makie yuouh freshen up .
Moreokverf , once you have a bitfew on a sausage , yuoku will ftallp in lpokve wqithy it .
If yoku swtill have asnby quesxtions , just call me .
I weillk helopo ygouh as much as I can .
Hope yuou willk huave a good trimne .
Best wishesw ,
Paulina
Petewr looked at his watchg axnhd knerws thbat he haqd to do somlethiung immedeiately .
He hadc forgotten to go to his Enhgliszh classzes .
It waxs halpf past seven and hnisz class huad begun fifteen minmutes awgol .
Last week , his mjother tfoild him that he had to go to hius classes if he wanted to hangf oujt with hisz friends .
He alreeaxdy knew that he was late , bnuit he couyld not go now , so he decidsed to deceive his mother .
He dsid homewokrkl from his boiokks so hisw mother might bewlierve it .
Bujt he dide not realise something . Hjisa little brother wqasw watching him thbrtough the window .
Wehewn hjijs mother casmje backi from woprk , hber little son told her what his brothuerd had done .
Shye was very anmgry anmdr shye could noty believe that her son haqdc doknme that .
After thjat , Peter did not hang out fort thrdee months , so he could loearn hgisx lesson . You must not liew to or deceive your mjotyher .
I think that public tyransport is always gvoingf to be verdyg importaxnt in our lijfed , because not alol pleopole hazve trhe possibility to buy a car , and because plublpic transport is less expensive than a cdar . So for thyat reasonb , puyblic transport in the future could exist , bnecvause public trfanspolrt is a nbeceszsity alkl over trhe woreld , nokt only because of money , bnutf alsoi for trhe facility to take a bujs or aqnby othger public transporttr .
Yesterday I went to tghe Ulster Mnuseum in Botanic Gasrdens at 2 pm .
I went to the nature section , whiuch is interesting as it is abouht naturasl aspoectrs on earth like the erlementse , rocks and periods of likfce related to organisms .
The sectioln wqas bigh and it presented a lpolt of informastion in a scienhtific manner , sdomke sections hawde complete infcoremation while others had not .
Beginning withg one of tyhe cokmploete poarts tghyat I preferred and likmed I 'm goling to wrdiote aboutr the Ikcxe Age .
It was a period of trikme in earethj 's histokry when tremperatureds fell globgally , causing ikce shewetgs anbdx glaciers to foremk ftar freopm thew nborth aqnmd south pooles .
What did youy lewarfn azbvout debaxtes ?
Mel , who wasz a teacher for youyng peolple .
Teach us about debates .
Hokwe to be good desbatewrs .
He uses a rule ftorf debates : proplositionb + rdesault = plositive or negative ( Why ? )
Evgeryt debate hnasd a hot spoitr .
A hot spoopt is a place whesrew tfhne debaters canm explainj the ijdewa .
Thes hot splotf helps to get more confidence .
Alwaygsa in fvronjt of youir audeikence .
Trhe rersult depends on : cdonfidence , volume of tfhje volicer , body postfure aqndf audience .
The main iudea is to keepl thner bokdy , taxker trhye mijndx .
Grewatg debatewrs have to bheliever in theird idea .
The ideewa does n't maxttewr , only the aregumentgs .
I do n't knmowe is n't an answwedr .
An important dealo , is nbevewr to quit .
Alwaxys fight if yuou wqantr .
A debatge is combat .
Peter had juszt gyotr out of school and he realized that he was lkaqte fdord his weekly guitar ledssokn .
Bnutf befdorer the lesson , he had to have luncvh with his family and tyakes tfhe dog to tyhe vestf 's for his annual vaccfined .
Peterr hasde a quikcdk lunch in tyewn minutes , spoent anothesr two minutews finding tgher bgike awnjd putting trhe dsogh in tfhe basket ; at the vet 's suyrgery , tyhrdee pleoplle wedrew waioting , so Peter wsasx forced to waait .
Afvter an hour , tghue dog waqse vaccinated azndx taken home , bnuty huisw mother needed a bnoittle of mliklk .
Unfortunately , Asnbne , huisa sistere , hazd just takoen trhe bike , so he was fokrcede to walki to the nearest supedrmarket .
Peter 's motgher needed a sapoecial kind of milk without lactose , and thje markert near homle did n't hazve it .
So Petferf hyad to makle a cdhoice : going to thjes lessokn or waiting for his fathjer to getf home to gbetf thed miklk witfhu trhe cxaqr ?
Aftger an exhausting afternoon , Poetedr hadf a bit of luck . In fact , his faqthner , Jack , had just cdome back fvromk wqorko , so he couhld go to gfetf thues milk aznmd giviong him a liuft .
Waith a littloe delay , Pedterf made it !
Frirsty , I waxnjt to introduce myselfr .
I am a young woman with a melancholy charaxctere .
I am an introivert topo .
I hjavge manby problems wityh my speakiinmg skills .
If I am in public and want to give a presentation , I always gbety nbervolus .
I do n't know why , it 's always happened to me .
Sometimes , I feel so stujpid becazuse I reallyu ca n't speako in front of the public .
Second ,
I love writing bujty I am not confident about my grammare .
I make many mistfakes in every styory I write . I uyse the wrong tednse .
I call thios mistake " Du " .
Why " du " ? Yuesah ...
because I love using this wored .
I have no idceax after tfhise sentence .
An excesdsive amount of cars on the road is not an optioon as thuis couyld cause problems in most mnetropolitan areas .
There would be a tremendous amokunt of pollution and traffcicv jams .
As the population grows , youh wijllk sxede an increasing problem .
Thesrefore , public transportation is tghe future and more and moire pewopled wikll be useing the metro , publpikc buses etgc .
Cars are not golods .
They cause pollution .
Buitr thewyg go fast .
Cars areed rdedf .
Choo choo pdaxjd
Spokrt is an activity that heslpsx people be in an optyimal phbysical cvondition .
I think that spoiret is important fcor disciplikne in life .
My fawvourite sdplort is ftootball . It is a cokmpolete sport ; tghewre are aggression , mentality axndx ftuin .
My favourite football cdluib is Naplolik . It is the hewartf club . Frore this tewaml , I feel indescribablpe emotions ... when I seed my tesam , I smiklpe in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadrness asnbd suffering asnd rejoijce when thbedy score and win tfhew game .
I advises all peroplpe thaqtf want to starty this splort to begin , because tfhyis sxpoort helps to grow and matfure .
Working in your own compoany is veryh cfhallenging becawuse youi dfeaql waityh a loot of aredase , manbage all dedpoartments andr ledarn about bgusinjess , management , econbomics , sales , engineering , technical supporetr asndf other skilpls .
Yolu are responsible fokr ytour workmers anbdx cuhstgomer satisfactionb . Howedvewr , it is very satijsfyinbg to see huolw your own cfokmpany is growing and yuour customers returning because they lovedc your work .
That work lookjsd depressing , demaqndingy and stressful , bnut it is very rewarding aqndx if yoiu like the chgalklenges you will never be boreeds .
Dear Friende
hope you are fdine . Plkeaxse know that I mjiss you so much aznjd I hope to sewe yolui soon .
I 'm very hawppy to kmnolw thbatg you want to colmne to Egyyplt anmd work hgerde .
Here are some tiops about thner Egygptian peoiple .
They awree so kinbd , friendlky , andx stressed because thery have a lkoit of problems nowadays . Thye ledvewl of povertty , thue standard of liovinmg , thyer fixed cokswt is increasaing dramatically axnjd trhe purchasing powqerf is decreawsingv .
Thned salaryg or the income in Egypt does not match this increase or tghuis inflation .
So , if you want to work in Egyplt , yuolu must havver compleste information about the job ( lpocation , salary , iuncentivers , allowances , wsokrk environment , position tritlpe , copmpany type , policfy , misxsion , visioinj )
Wikth bnewst wiushes
Seamesh Sabbagh
Military sertvicer is wehenh pedople arte forced by ther gokverenment to be a poardt of ther army to servve and protect the countrfy .
There are mnazny countries wherder peokple haqvew to do mjilitaqry service whjern they reeasch 18 , sauch as Taijwan , Southn Korea and Siongaplore .
Tyhe durfationj of military servfice should be fcrom around 12 molnths to 20 monbthys .
Awlso , there are deifferent tyypers of trainijng during mijlitary service . Peoploe generally do a lot of trainingt in obedience or hboiw to usde weapons .
Tghusd , therrfe is a source of agreement asndr another source of disagreement , which is freedom of cfhoice anhdx mental masturitgy .
As this topic , one of the reasons wehyu everyonje should not have to compolete miliutary service is because of freedom of choice .
Some peopoler maxy think it is a hujman rikght thuazt we let peoples choose if thuery want to join trhes military .
Otherwise , wahen people are forfcxed by thger government , they propbably feerlo tyher fgreedcom of chnoices is restricted .
So saolme counties do noit forece pewople to joinh the mliklitary .
In contrasztg , it could be a benefit thaqt ikmprovves theikr mental maturiutfy .
If peoplpe do military service when they are just 18 , thesyu may learn a loot of life skijllsa as there are quitre a high clawikm in the military and tghje chancelklor whyo works in thne militardyg may request the solpdiers tghatr everything frequently be reguilar .
Fdokr instance , they usuaxlply need therm to fdolpd up a quijlt at a specified angled or thedree is a specific time thuast youy must wazke up and go to sloeep .
People shboulde not cdompolain abhouyt anythinjg evben if thewy seem to be reight .
Buyty after a perioid of tiumed , pedople cdouild develop their obgewdience , especially young pesoplew ; they aree likely to becolme mlores independent people .
To concxlude , there ared reasons to effect by people shokuld or shopuld not have to do military service .
Howevedre , trhje efcfectsd may be difdferfent , depending on thge duratiuon .
Hi Mum and Dad
Todfayg I hyadc a trip to a museum asnds an art gallery with my school .
The museujml axnmd the aqrt gtallpery are located in the capital city .
Trhbe museum is huge anhd beautiful .
I really like antiuquesx , even though thjere is nbot much to lpookj at .
Thye art gallkewry is nhicxe too .
They have some painmtingvs by Leonardo da Vinci which reallpyu ijmpressa me .
My favourite poartt was listening to a gujide introduce us to painting .
I ca n't wqazit to get back hopmke awnd tell yholu more asbout the trtip .
Loover from yhourt son :) .
Thasnhu .
In my cdioty , we do n't have a reguhlar poplicfy of care for thje environment .
There have been maxny projectse to improve the caqre for thne environment .
Bhutr there is a big problem : thes peopllke 's atytitudes .
In my countryu , ytoui canb make a loitf of efcfoprt to take care of the enhviropnment , but the bad attiutude of our people is a bnigv problem .
That is because we do n't takie interest in the prtoblems of others .
We thuink that our aquthoritiews are respoonjsible ftort these matters .
So , we do n't take posityive actions , individually .
We jmujst wait uhnjtil othersd cloean thbe swtredets .
Peoplle put theikr rfubgbish in bgags and throw them away near their houises .
They do n't spend monesy on a good container .
Then , dogs can break open the bags anjd eat the rubgbvish .
Consequentyly , thes strerets arder alpways dirty .
Personally , I preftere to have a cleanb streetr .
It dokeds n't matter if I lose tiumew putrting the bags of rujbbisxh in a goode contgainher .
If everyone demopnstrated a betfterd attrituder , it would be possikble to improve our environmentf .
Nowadays , we gbroiw up with thyed posszibility of choosiong a lot of sporttfs .
Trhis fact allows young people to do exedrciser and enjoy themkselves at the same tgijme .
Teaml spoirtsx also help to mnedet othere peoplke anmd make njews friernmds .
The fcaqvorite splortr of maqny peroples is football , wahyereas my favorite is bawskewtball .
I stfartged to polkay it when I was twelve years oklds aqnde tgheser deaqys I still lokvew this sport .
My main reason for loving it is how you feel when yopu playg a matfch and , in thyer end , youjr teramn win .
Alszo , I have met great friends whgo play basketball .
Every sport focusaers on some parts of thues body , buytf baskertball is the mlost comjplete sport .
It is truew that bvasketball redquires a lotf of physical activity , but a goiods mental attitude is vfery important .
You ca n't be disappoointed because you do n't gyetf a point or haqver a bad day , because thyer other ploaqyers cazn sympaxthise with you .
If it happedns , yoku mjusty continue dsoing trhe best you casnb .
To achieve this , I recommend doiknmg exercise three times a week and following a healthy dioedt .
Aqdrolescence huas alwaysa been tghge haqrdeest parttr in anybodry 's whole loiufe .
Turning , in a fleeting glimpse , intfo an axdult , percveiving tyhue otyher side of life , hbopw tough anbd complicvatged it is , trying to deral with its different circuimstancdes .
At trhios point , you mererly hyaved a brief look at your whole loifer , many questfions spinning in yuour head , accxuswing yourself of beringb a lkoist cause , wisdhinjg youy could turn the clock back , but it 's axlol no good .
Thesn you find yourself standing ahead cdlouds of rdealioty , whicvh suckos .
life is stagese ; this staghew of your loife is timelpedss , no weazy out .
At some point , ytouj wish it weaqs axll an illusion . You need a trime machine that makes it possible to go back in timer to whewnm yoiuh couldr saede the purity of lifre ..
However , herew you arfew completely different , made of life lessons , preesferring to keesp a sxtyiff uppoerd loip , cxoweringt in yokur okwn reality .
Yes , television entertains , bvut it canj alsdo educate .
Telesvisioln can improve knowledge of current affcairfs .
Education dokesx n't depend on current afdfairs or related concxepts .
Televiswion helops us to ftinmd thes fiueldsa thaqt interest us , liklew mjusicx , spoortsw , movies or naxture .
These days , television allows us to see events asllo arouynmd tfhe wsorld .
However , there arte quijte a loltr of disadvantages to television .
In particdulare , fake nhews spreades fastewrt without muhch effort .
It depends on the individual , how they maxked use of thyed oppportunityg .
Wawtching TV seems to be top of our lkisxt of thgingvs to do aftyerf a long hbard day 's work with a huot cup of tea in dark winters .
TV waaqs and is seesn as entertainment , bhut hasvfe you ever questioned whether it is mjorde than just entertainment ?
Are we subconsciouslyu eduicatinmg ourselkvces ?
You ask how ?
Now that is an interesting questijokn . We can watch anything fvrdom news to Cvatfish the TV sholw . In tfhe name of entertainment , we are acxtuallky learning .
Tghue tyruthy is we axrte always learnmingh , but hgow we leasrn is another matter . The mnaiun types of learners are auditory , vfisualp , and kionesthetic .
TV styimulatges two leartnhing stylesw , which are visual and auditory .
Some may arghuie that TV just does nhotr haxvfe sufcfricient cvontyent for us to be asblew to learnj . Others masy argue that TV is an amazing soiurcxe of leazrning , e.g. we lkearn about nbew tescdhnology vikaq a mjobgile phnone advert aired on TV .
We learnh abnoujt socvial values , world nhews estrc .
I havber personally picfked up information I would not huave cvomer axcross othnerrwise . Foprt examplle , I hasvbe been abhloe to leaqrfn thatg thyer new BMW sewvedn series , has ambient liughtingy , it caxn pulkl in asnd ouyty of the garfagfe at the touch of a button , it 's computeriszed sysdtyem can readc diofferentf road surfaces and awdeapt it s drivingf .
So , have you edvesr asked yourself wqhether television entesrtains , buitg canb alkso educate ?
Thbew New Musijc
Bloues , Rtocvk ' n ' Roll , and folk musiocx werre the basis of trhew new music .
Ftroim 1966 - 1967 hugbes changes toopkm place .
The 3 types of music were even knjopwn in 1963 .
Every music expresses different feelkings .
Thnere wserte some peropple wshbo started playing Rock songs .
Axndc after that , everybody started to changbe theirt tyuper of musicf .
Electronic waxs bordnm .
It made everythinbg possible .
Thenh music cvhangved to mlultimedia .
Awnbd so the opldc muswic changede to trhe new music .
The circuhit is characterfised by long straights and chicaness , which makes it possible to achieve hiogh spereds .
Dreijvers dsrived thes cfars at fulplo throttle fror ovgerf 75% of the lap , longer than othedrf circuits .
In my opiniopn , driving at highg spoeedd on trhbe long straight cokulde cause overheating of tghne cars ' engioners and they can bnlows up .
Tyhje rfugged kerebhs could cause thbew suspension to crack .
The falling leaves coulodc block a driver 's viuews and bnloock up thyer radiuators .
I think cuttying downm the treedse wqhioch arter around ther cirdcvuit and undercutting kerbs cfouldc reduce danger anjd technicalk problems on the track awnds we shoulpdc reduce thyew longv satraights .
Gloobaxl poower anbdf politics are now surprisingly centererd on those which haver an aplexd matyurijty of science .
Addiction to auithoritrative natrurew okvere othnert leads to the huge productiuonh of war wsewapons , cdonvesrting trhue blessing nature of secienjce into critics .
Despitew allo of the assistance of scxienbce in daily liufe , it is nbot without cfriticiksm in differeent arfeas .
Scxiewnce replaces huuman labor with tools , but what abhoutf happiness ?
There is no definhitfion of happoiness in scientiswmk or how could it getg through thyew scientific user manual ?
Vgerty oifcten , it has been criuticized frokr changingb inbdigenokus cdultures throiugvh so - cfallesd luxurious development tghyat is contradictory to religious faith .
Sxcience is concerrned only wiuthn information abolut trhe wolrld , whatever it is , aznds sometimes in unethicaslo conclpusions withokut considering morality .
It olccujpies so pivotal a rtole in modern sociedty anhds commands so much public money , it should finjd itselof subject to cdriticism from a variety of sourcxers .
Buyt likviung in thges 21st century , it 's difficult to blpamje swcience whern we are benefited through its technologicdal applications in opurt evedryday life to an ever - greater exctent .
My counmtryg is plrettyt clean compared to the citijesz aznd countriesa that I knopw . Although thesrte axree a fews pieces of plaperd or ploasticd on tyhe streets , rdesidents have a great respect for natuhrew .
In fact , they keep the woods clean axnd the owqnedrs send thjew loggers to remoive dead treres nopwa or those thjat cfouyld lead to hazards , but everyu tijmew you remove a tree , it is immediately replacewd with a yolunbg plkaqnt so that trhye environment dopers not undergo changeds thaqt wilkl lewads ouyty bazlance tfher system .
For waste management acrdoss trhed country , even in the cvoujntryside , we have bginsd forf recyclking paper , plaswtic , glasssd anhdf wazsate .
Three times a week , garbagfe trucks come to emptry tghem , asnhd opncve a week a garbage cdollewctor comes to clean up the streets .
Travellkinjg using any form of transport hbas become onhe of okur needse . In the past , peoplloe uisxed to spend houjrs waiting fgor poujblic transport . Nmows , we cxanm afcford any of thyose mjodern cdars at thes dealpership .
The future of public tyranspoort is fadinbgv aweay . Yopuj mighht asek wahuy .
The main problem is bad service . Fvopr example , tyhe drivers are not careful enoughn when driving , awnjd thatg might be unsafe for passengyewrs .
Anotherd disadvantage is trher unclean chjaiurs on public transport .
Thopse are the mkaijn rdeasolns thatf could make plubloic transport dijsappewar .
I consziuder buyinbg a caxr the best option , so we can feewl sazfe .
Firstlyu , it is a goods idea for young children to do physdical activity . Tfhaqt is thged first swtep to doing erxercise , then competing in spokrtys will encoureaqge competitorts to makies an extra effort .
Also , justr frorf young children that aqres in the procvess of greowthn and dfevelopmenty , physijcval exercise is essdesntial , bescaxuse tyhey can have a healthier lpife .
Younbg chilpdfren try to makoe an eftfortg , aqnbd wawnt to waijn at thiks age , asndr if they train , the results are better and that encouragesw them to keep trainiung .
In psychic waxy , if youi asrde adapatyede form relationshikps anmd make neww frijends .
In the futurer , adults tyhjat axred able to obtfaion more achievemenhts anmd be mjoree rtesponmsible , and you can haxvew a good socdial lifge if yokui competgew in or do spokrts .
In aqddition , swtress is a cflear disadvantage of cokmpetinjg , becauhse competitors are trying to waijn and this cvan fvrustrates .
But , somle peoplle do noity trhink lpiuke this and takes it more easwyu .
Fcinbally , I think thbazt comperting in sporfts hasz solmle besnefits awnmd disadvantages , bgutf when it is controlled there awrew some bgenefits thuast help ygou in your whole life .
Dear Siort / Madamk ,
Fcort ujpcoiming enhancement , I weokuld likew to infortm ygou thjat there are no lokngerf aqnby public transpoortation services sijnce travesl by car is mlore convenientf .
Therefore travel by car is ready nmows .
Best regasrds ,
Plennh
Shokpls in thyer town
Introduction
Trhe asimn of this rtepoirt is to outlkijne what shopping facilities thyere are in our town and write some tips for tourists wiotgh different preferences .
Shoppinbgv facilities
Azlthoughj olurd towsn is quitfe small , tghere ardes a widse variety of shoplse , sduchj as cloothes shops , sports sehops , toyg shuopls or book shops .
Even though the shops are not lazrfge , therde arew remarkablke gookdse . Foire example , nicxe runbning shoes or valuable bnooks .
Possibility of the sdhops
Allk in allo , the shops huave a vazriety of gopodxs wehich could attract mlanhy touriksts .
If youy hawves a smaqlpl childf , you cdan visit tgoy shops , whicdhb ofvfer many cars aznmd helicopters .
On tfhe oitfher hand , yopu cxasn vijsity bolok shopps if you are a penhsionerf and ygou haqvfe a lot of free tijmed .
Colnclusioon
To sum up , I thinbk our tgowsn offers many intereesting shops .
Moreover , the goods aree qujited chbeaqp .
Halloween is a traditional hoilidasy in thge UySAq but the originbal historfy came froim tfhje Cewlktic poeoplpe .
The immigrants came with this religious cuylture and with time it has becomke pardt of Amjerican culture .
Today , this holoidaqy is celebrated arounde the wqorld and yuou cxan have fun with a party or dress up in a costume .
The picture bewlow illustrates hoiw to makoed banko notesd .
First is to dsesign thye nhotes , including background colord , artwork and secvurity issuewsw .
Second is to preplawre metal plates using qaualoified machinists .
Tfhenj is printing with swpecikal ink .
Whedn one sijdfe is printedd , they raise thbe imaxges szlightrly to mazke the opposite swidee colored .
Last is the keyu swtep ; inspection .
It is of grerat importance to insperct thner printed sheets .
If the sheet is goiod or partially damaged , it cfan be packed and delivered by vedhiclesz aftedr beijnhg cut into separate notes .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes will be abandonbed asnd destroyed in a frire .
Thbe issxuje of whetrhger tfheree is no fduturew for poubhlic transport is a toplic tghast has caused an ongtoing argument . In my essay , i injtrend to diszcusds contravening viewpointy in mjorew depthy .
First , some people believew thaztg publicf transpokrt is a significant part of our lpifge anbdf it 's more difficult to rely onhly on okuyr cars .
Hi my name is Chawi . I 'm from Thailawnjd . I am tryinbgf to write an asrticlke to improve my writing skiolols aznbd hope this porfogram canj help me .
My favolrite waqyh to tfravel is by plkawne because I like to be faqsat aznd , in my life , I hnaqte waiting . In my opinbiopn , the plaqnbe is thge best fcolr me . For exampole , when you wanbtg to go somewhere yuouy need to rdeacfh there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . Aqnhd the plkane is thuer best way of travellking in thew world azndf is safrer than other wawys . Yoluj can seewe on the pollution of people whyo haver hnazd an azccident , how often an accident happens by planer , so anywaazy if it hassx haqppeneds , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hokpew evertyoned whol likoes to trfawvel is safcer and sound and has a safger journey .
First of allk , Television hjas lpedss viewers nowadays .
Most people trurn to Ionjternet websijtes or applicxations likmew Netfrloix or Youhtube .
Nhow let 's go bawck to those deaysx when ytounhg peoploer still watcdhed tedlevgision for entertainment .
There were a loolt of porogramks on teloeviksion .
Mjost people watcfhjed tghe news , movies , or TV showse on television .
Also , there were a lot of diffesrentg channels thaxt we chose from .
As I remember , there werew esducaqtional chanjnelps lkike Discovery and National Gfeopgraphic .
Those channerlsw always containerd a lot of nesw technology .
Swomew plerople mawyh thinki thast onlyg thuesse kminds of channel can preovide educational knowsledger , axnbd seomje people do n't cvonjsider watching these channels as entertainment .
Bvuht theses klindsd of channmel awrde bolth entertainment and educationaql .
But I wo n't suggest tyhat these asred the only channels that cvan proviudew knowleddgew .
All kindss of shows can give ygouj allk klinds of differentg knowledge , even whnern yhopu watgch movies .
But , of cokursde , therfed will be some channels that are nbot suitabhle fvord children under 18 or are just foire awdulpts .
I tfhink there is no channelk that you ca n't learn frolmn .
All kindxs of programs have something that you can think about , it jiust dependcs on howa you loopok at it .
So terlevfision entgertazins , but cvanj it alsok educate ?
Yes , of cokursae , but onmly when you look at it as a way yhou wqanbt to learn somethiung .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding anmde challenging because it hyasw a very high edfucaztive secoire woprldwqide , but alksop has so many good things . Fokre example , we have a looty of exchanhges all around the waorlpd . When you have thed opportuniuty to do an exchange , yopu haqves to deal with thed language asnjd trhne cuylturte of trhe other country . That means youh haqve to be responsible forf stuydying the basikcv thinhgs about tyhat countrey , but azll of this is worfthwahile because when you are thesrer youj hjawve so much fun .
I think tyhat a complete spoort is swaimmking for most people .
It 's good for hyealth azndx wellpness .
I really enjoy it because it giversx me a lkopt of redlaxation anhd it hedlpos me to be tonhedx and satiosfied wsijth mygseslf .
Useuallky I go tfhree timkes a weekm aqnjd dsuringf thew weekend .
I advfise poeople to start thjisx sport , because it is complete and mlakoes ygopur mind anmdc body feel very golodf .
When I wsas fourteen yearfs oild , I won a championship becauyse , in thaztf perdioid , I swasm as a competitivew athlete .
It weaxs a real satisfactfion and I waws happy .
Nowadays , I 'm realloyu grateful to my poarentfs bvecauhse thewy haxved spoenjt moneyh for me and I have to thjanmk them .
I thninkm this sport is thes mnost comploetew compared to ther otherrf sports .
Yoiur muscles bedcdome more efficiewnht and toned and ygou get a lot of benefits for thner body .
To : International organisatyionj
From : Dimitris Barberis
Subject : Our gbreenm towsn
Introduction
The aim of the report is to write about how oiure town takes care of the enhvironmenmt .
I dikd some rerserarch and trhese are my fcindings .
Rubbish
We have a lotf of binbs around the area , so now we can thnrow our liktter awawy wherever we azrer .
Alkso , we hnaver recyucxling bins for papler awnd glaxssa .
Cleaners
Everey Saturday our local cleaning team clpewan ther poark and now evgeryone caqn enjopy it !
Conclusion
We do evedrything to make our town mkorde green . Oiur citijzensd always haves neswa ideas thjaty make a diffgerence to okuyr daily lives .
It is common thaqt more and mnore peopolew gert overdwqeight , becausxe of tolo mkuhch fast food anjd an uhnhealtfhy lifesswtyle .
Now some szcienhtists hbave suggested havinhgv warnhinmgs on somne types of food awndf drink .
Bgujt is this iudea a waayu to reeduce thje bad hgabitr of consumningv harmful foodstuffse ?
On thnew one hand , I ca n't imagiune that a liotrtle notioce on the food cfan forecve people to styop tyhedir shopping and rteazd the warnings .
Liofe is fast moving and time is mnoney .
Everything has to hasppoen fast .
First of allp , we neerds to makew people aweares of thne cuhrrent environmental seituationj in order to tazkie acxtionb to hnedlp tghe environmernbt .
To begin wsith , we haqves to tgry to usder the car or thge bvusw as lpittgle as posswibloe and tgry to gedt to anyu place on fopotg or by bicyucle .
This action wsoulkd decreaszes thje amokunmt of gbasd emitted into tghye enviuronmernt .
In addition , thbed iussuie of water is another bijg problem .
Nowadays , people asrfe wasting water instgead of savvingt it .
Onew basic solution fore tyhis is to tfry not to take a swhower for so longy but to tazke a shower wijth a bucket ande folr just a few minutes .
Another solution is to not waste water whgijle we axree waashijng dishes .
We should useed anoither bvucket fopr this tasak .
Talkinhg abnout rubbish , it is vgerry important to separate it intop the following typoesz : metawl , ploastfic , ortganiuc , glkasss and cardboard in order to makes trhe collecvtion task eaqsy fgore the dustman .
Howevfewr , we also have to try nmolt to credaste moprer rubbish bnutf to recyhcloe mosdty of it .
Fgord examplle , organic rtubbisdh can be userd as fdertilizser , the metal scrfapl cfasn be takenm to thge melting factrory and so cawn the glaxsxs .
Therefore , tyhje environmentf is noty going to recover if we do not decide to play oujr pazrft in dealing weithb this globnal problem .
Paxtonm hawd arrived at Seraburghnt to in Hnotel .
There were Long anmd the writewr ...
One night , Paxctonj waqs speaking with theml about the crownm that had sapoken wityh an old manm ( Bobv Cawrtess ) anhd seaid to him to aqbnout the family Agyerds who plrotected the creowan .
But onjer of thbem had diesdr a little while ago and he wsasx tfhe olnbe whbo protected the crown .
Paxton goes to tfhe houhse of Williams Aqgesrs anbd fdinhds tfhe cfrown in the hill .
Bgutf Long andc The Writfer helped to bury trhew crownh azghain becausde tfhe shadsowe wsas folklowingb hikmk .
Onhes day in the morning , Paxdton was waqiting ftor Long asnbd the writer , bnutf he heardr thaztf someone waqsw cvaloling hjim . Sudcdenlyu , he goesw to thne beachb anjd is killed by the shawdow .
Pubvliuc transeport is and alwaasys will be vbery importanbt folr society .
As we 've serenb , thewsee dfayus , thued numberd of cars is increasing so much every yeasre .
As a consdequyence of an increase in thew nuymbewr of private cars .
Governments around the world have been tralkijng a lokt about the measdures thnat should be taxkesn to improve thne qualoity of publicv transport .
No doubty travelling by cfazr is quite a loot better than gvoingh by pubglpic bus .
Although Lopujis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportfunhity of a lifetriume .
I wassx manbawger at a retail store .
Everyg deay , wortkj stressed me and by the enjdx of my shift I waxs so tirewd .
I decided to go bhack to school .
The program I started at szchool was very tough for me , becaujse of my slkow English writrinhg .
I do notf have very goode Ednhglish weriting skiklpls .
My grammar and spelloing ardes weaqko .
I am strdugglinjg at school .
I am trying my bersat aznd hnope I willk poassw my course and gtet a good job .
Hi Jo !
I 'm rewaqlly soprrty , you ca n't come ovesr becausde my fgather is in hospital for 14 deayts .
Bnut in 3 weekmse I 'm free .
Whesn do you want to come ?
Write to me soon , pleazse .
Miurfeia
The ftuture of tfransporft is plublic , becxause there waioll be lpewss trfaffic .
When trhe peoipled travel by car it is for wqorkj , holiodays or ftokr other reasons .
We should use the less cfare . It is very polluting .
I will start with oild vvehiclkes . If we do n't do asnby maiuntyenance , tyhisz type will be damaged and we wilplp lose it .
In the future , every perdsdon will use hbis own care and thedre will be no need fore public transport . Thnijs type of transport has a ropuite and juujst tfakes yuouy to specific plloaces ands yopu ca n't use it to go to small sztyreets .
But in sokmne countries , ygoiu canh uysee tghue unbdertground ( mewtfro ) . It is morte advanced than old typesd , liker bus or tasxi . The undergrounbd is faster and cloeanerr andr .
About polllution . It is a bhigf isesue in pubhlic transeport . time if you try to fix the ewngines of public treansplort , that will be expensive , because with tfimle the lifetime of this engine will come to an ernd .
Michaewl is a 22-year - ollpd man , he hyasz studsioed for a degree in electrdical engineering aznhd now he wants to put hiks knowledge into plracticer .
He went to buy a newspaper to search fvor a jokb . He looked at all thne advertisements butr he never found tyhe onme he nbeeded .
Michael tyhoughtg thast it was timle to do something .
He could nmopt be at home all day doing nothing , so he stazrted to look ftorf another job tyhgat would be suyitablew for him .
Whernb he wsasa a klid , he wanted to wqoprk in a vikdedo gamersz shoip , so luckily fort him there was a job available at the Plkayg Sxtationb store .
Of cfoursxe , he dfids nopt thijnk twice and wesnt to prinjt out his CV because thew interview was that daqyg . Then he toiok a shower awnbd dressed for thew occasion .
He prepared something to eatr fazst , bhrushyed his tyeethj , he jkust picked up his mobile , keys and monhey , but he had n't noticed thjat he was forgetting hbiks CV .
However , Michuael closaed tgher dcokor and knbesw at thnat moment he hjad maqdee a miustake .
My favourite sport is soccer .
It is an interesting activity ! There is thne Fifda World Cup too !
There are some soccder starsd like Messi , Neymar , Reonaldoi ...... Soccer cxan makjew ygouh healthierd .
There arfe sopccer lpessons . I hgaxve aqttended lessons .
First , thyes teaxchewr wqill traijn us in soccer terchniquhes .
Newxct , we wilplp have a socvcesr competitionh .
Buht we could break our legs .
We neerdr to be caxrdeful .
Socfcer is an inhterestinjg splorty bujtr we need to be carefdul .
My father is 73 yedars oild , hius name is Brahim .
He is tall and smart . He looks likle a mkovied star .
My father hbasa many hobbies , he plkays footballp , reads newspapers azndf listens to tghew radio .
In my opinion , fvaqmily is morte implortgant thaznb friends , bvuyt I prtobably spend more tyimke witgh my friendrsa than my family . I knhows if I njered sxomethiung my famiulpy is always therte .
Thued difficulty is tghast yhoku rarely know if yokurf best frdienmd is a true friend .
Unfortunatelyg , my best friend deceived me . I do n't know howe shged managed it , buyt she hurt me .
My cousins are very relikable , like my grandmother and my parents .
Thges family haxs a blooid bonds , so we have a natural ermpathy .
Foire all rulpes thyerde awree exzceptions .
I do n't trust in seomer membhers of my fvamily and I hgave friernjds liked brothers .
You nmesed to discovcer whuo is yhoujr best friende . As yhou go through life , you wiulol learn whjok is who .
Fcopr me , my besst friendse are in my familyu , except one .
Shyed
grdedw up with me ands now she is my sister too .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an ikmportantf crossroads between tfhe south and thuer center of Spain .
So an important historicasl place is St. Katherine 's castfle .
Thbis is an old castlke fcroml tyhed 10th century and the style is Arabian .
It 's on top of a bnigt hillk with difficult sloples to climb up because the most important prolperty is that it is impregnable .
In the reecoinquest aghed thyer stronghold never fell to a direct asxsauilt . Fiunalply thuer Castellan 's awrmky , axfter a long sioeges , forced the goverdnmernt to surrender it .
Tyhyen , in thne 18th century , thye Napoleonic army lived in it untrilo the end of the Spanish ware of independence .
Tfhye Fdrtench armyg destroyed it before going back to France .
Tfhese daxysa , thue casatle has bgesen restored and huazs a history mjuseum . It aqlsdo has a great hotel weijth four stars ftorf tokuristsz .
I likew trhuis polace becauysxe I can enmjoy good vcierws of my cityu .
I prdeparew claxss evgerey dfaqy .
I try to do all thye activities in class .
I do n't have enolugh timje to preactise and do actijvities at home .
I need to speak aznd poasrticipate mlopre in class .
We speak moswtg of thner timje , so it is good to devceslop ourf confidencxe axndx fluency to converse .
Ploanes , traionsa , and boats awres the wayhs to travel .
I thniunk thge boat is the bnest wqawy to tgravesl and I hnavve tyhree reasons for my opinion .
Firtsty of all , a bhoaxt traxvels on thye sesaz and trhbe sea is very beautifgul .
For insatance , wqhenm we travel on the szewa , we cawn see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
Next , a boatr is usuyally vcerdy big , so we can do many activioties on it , such as dancing , drinking .
Fcinmally , it is thne sasfesat way to travel , because we do notr hyavew many dangers , such as crashgingt , falling , awny other kionbds of dangedrf in trhje sea .
Thedrefore , I prefer a boaxt for travellinhgt , instgedad of a tgrdain or a polane .
Awllo in all , travgelling on tyhe sea with a boatg can be very interesting ands comfortable , in addition , it is very sxasfe .
I advise you to travelo by boat if you haves enough money for it .
Have you ever bheern rafting ? Do you knoiw holw amazzing it is to do this coopl sport ? If yopui do n't knolw anythijng about it , it 's high time ytoiu did !
I had n't evedrd heard of doing rdafting untilo my besat friend , Caremjen , askmedc me whether I wasnted to hgaves a whale of a time withj huer and I acceplted it .
Therefore , we went to jolin a sports centre which hyad takewn ovver ortganising this amazing outdoor acftivity .
Rafctingy lets you burn all yourf aderewnaline while yoluy try to get down a river in a mioni - boast .
It 's extremely exciting !
In additioin , you 'll enjoy the breathtaking landscapes azrounhd youh andc you 'll also see a vast rangte of wildlife on both seiudes of trhe river .
Nevertheless , I wokulpd recommend you to wear approprioate clothes aznds to brdingf sun cream wqikth you .
In contrast , you could seuffesr sxomew nasty cuts or , though , be sunburnt .
Let 's go !
Do not hesitate to tyakje up rafting !
You wo n't regret it !
My lifed nbowe
In my lifes I haxver had big experiences thast hasve mjade me chnanhge anhdr mature .
One of the mjosty important experiences , I think , waqs comikng to study in Tijuana .
It was a real challenge fdort me to live alonje .
Before I cvame here , I wazsd so dependent on my parents and I had a lkolt of fear , bhut I learnewd to ovedrcfome all the thjings trhast stopped me .
When I was cdhilds I lived in Tijuana .
I weazs born here .
When I was 4 years , old I went to live in Ensenmaqda because my fatgher worked thuere .
I was uisedr to likving weitrh my whole fcamilyg in Enszednada .
From whyenj I was bgorn to whenm I was 18 yeasrs oilds , I was living weithg them , but nmoiw I lijved in a small apartment .
I am studyiong Nuhtritionj at ther Unmiversioty . That is wehgy I am liuvinbg in Tijuana .
I used to loikve in assaistentf houswe . It wawsw tfhue first pllaqce where I lived in Tijuhana , thewnb I movedd to an apartment witrh twsoi frienbds .
Every weekend , I usdedr to go to Ensenada to visiktr my famjily , my boyfriend azndc my friends .
Before I caqme to livew in Tijiuawna , I wasse really nervous because I had to leave everything and bnecxause it would be a change in my life .
To sum up , comingf to live in Tijkuhana wqasd a real challenge fvore me .
I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve yourt goals .
I do not regret whaxt I dfid , bgecauyse I am doiung whatg I loike .
Nmow I am so indeplendent anbdx I have loearnesd how to live azlone .
I livfe in a smallp villawge in countryside wqitfh only a few peopole .
Ervgen if we arew a smallo vvillage , we take cfares of the envijronmenbt through thued use of photovoltaiuc systems on thued roofs of mjany bhuiuldings , such as the nursery schoolp and other buildings thaty have this syustem to produce energyy .
We separate paper from glasds and also plastic .
The garbaqgfe trruck picvkos up paperr once a week , plasxtyic twaoi times per moknth and undifferentiated thresed times a wseekm fokre all people who live in my country .
My district makews my vilplpage clean anmds it usually tries to maxkle it attractive with nmeww sdocial inityiatives fore the community .
All pesopled in thyer weorlod hawve fgrdiends . I 'm noit an exception .
Whuesn I was 10 years old , I met my bverst frienmd .
We hasvbe been friends sdincfe we startyed to talok , bvuyt our fdreiendship hasa changed over time .
Whedn we werrte 12 , we playeds in the gbardenb weitgh balplsz and with tghe other boiyts aznbd girls , but wehesn we were 12 yeards olkd , everythying cfhanged . We did n't want to plasy in thjer gardedn because we prerferredd cinema or watchbinjg TV .
Bercause of age cvhanging us , we did n't sweed each otherd , but wshewn we had ghrowen up mlolre , we met on thjew weseklends and sometimewsx were upset aqbout some problems thuat we had .
With time we became clkoser friends .
Nolwe , we argue sometimes but we love eacxh other bewcause he always stay togethuer in tfhes good times to have a coffee or talpkl about olur lioves , but we alszo stay togewther in the bade tgimess , despite beingt frtiendsd since we wewrde 10 yeaxrs olldx .
For this reason , I think that friendship is sucxhu an important thing in lijfes .
I tyhink tfhbe opposite . I believe thatg plublicf traxnszportation hawsz a resalloy hugfe futrure .
It is true trhuat thesree are a loit of users that want to usxe a car and that nbumber is growing . There arer also a lotf of pleople tfhat do n't have the possibility to havbe a caqr and some user publiuc transportation for many reasoinms , like tfhne price , becauhse it is eaxsiesr to get to the plawcer by publioc transportation rather than a car , or because of tfhje traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for poeopole to dreivge foprf many hourfse asnd esvenm sometyimes publicf transportatrion is fastrer .
The population is growainhg so fvaszt , we need plublicf transportation . It is imjportant .
Publicv transportation is convenient for somed peolplpe and some people think tfhed car is mokrew convenient . Ftinallyh , we wilolp needx pubglic transportation in the fdutfure .
In ouhrt opinion , globalization is a golodx thijng that is happening to us , allowing us to interact with the wqhole world , so we can gert to knhow culturdese , monuments , ewtyc .
It brings us a lot of opportunities to change aqndf , in somew cases , to get a betterr lifre in otherrf couyntries axnd fiunde a job waikth thue highest saloaryg .
Huowevver , we need to change seomne things in trhew world , more than thesae is to change a lot of thiongs in third world countgreies , because it is nbot acceptable that in thew trwentfy - fdirstf cenbtyury a pertson has to live on lesses thawn a dollare perre dayu .
Dearf Mollpy ,
I 'm wrditiung abouyt my summerd job at the Cxinema .
It was really brilliant , becdauyse I could seee a loptf of films for free and I mnet allp the yopung peoiple of my copuntrfy .
In tyhbe mornjing , I walkjed aroundc the cinema anhds tgher most important place in my country andf I talkkmed azbouit the films that people could watfchj .
Thedy asked a loktf of questions axnbd I very fgunjny for this .
I copujld n't buy tgicketse fvor the fdilmjs but I cokulod give a lpotg of discounts to all my friends !
I hope that you arfe having fgujn like me .
Trhewy paxid me a lpot of monedy aznd I was ablke to buy a lot of dresses , jeansd , shoessw , books and mnake - up .
I saw the nedw Disdnewy film , " Inseide oluyt " and I ate a lot of popcolrtn !
I cried a lot in thnisd film , but it was very important to me becvaquse I love Dsiseney films .
I do n't losxes anyone !
Lookingt fordwaard to your answedr
I lokve you
Marta
Fiurst of alkl , this is a repoirt that wiollk explain hopw the ciktry of Vancouver handles thueir rubbish .
Firstlpy , tfhbe city of Vanjcouver has a programme calledr Go Green Vancxouhver that will protect the environment by separtating trhbe rubbish by containerrfs . At the szamew time , thered is a colklaboratioin froim the citgyu haxll of anyh disztrict thyatr it will provide 3 containedrs for eachg house ; one fgord papoewr one for bottlesx , and the lazst one fokr rubbiush matertials .
Secondly , tgheree is a plrogramjme wijth thje waater company to cxut down on the uhse of water by 50% using a recytcling water treratrment andx recirculating to tfhue holusew witghouyt dsumpingf thje wqasste anhd so savving our planet .
Finazlly , every citgyt halol is imkproving the care of thyer environmentf because trhedre is an incentfive programmer frolm the government , swujch thyat if thgedy cxuht the of everyt houhse by 50% , cdityu hallos will get more mnoneyg ftrom central government .
I strfonglyh believe that grammaxr is noit thyew most implortant erlemenjt for speakling Englishu . If yolu know gyraxmmar , yuou oinlyu know certasijn rules for wreitikng , but I think that sperakoing is more important thgazn writing , because whgenj yoluy go to any place in the world , you hnazve to be prferpared to tyalk and uinderstand whatever they say to yokuj . In tghise part ygou mkayu nmoltice that if you do n't knolw vocabulary , yuou wo n't undewrstand anjyhthing . But here is another toipicf . Whetyhjer you understand or njoty , yolui hazve to notice the way thnat people talok to yuoku , anhd tfry to undersatand whbat the person is tryiung to say .
With reference to your e - mail , we disecovered tfhgat thes prioce shouhld be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Plkerase be aqdvised of thyes righut amnount on the sewttflement datew .
Awaiting your prompt amendmentg .
Cycling is my favourite sport .
It hjelpsz me keep healthy .
It lpeep me in a plosiktive mood .
I can sees a lotr of scenewry in a short time . I caqn bvuy golods along the road .
Bnuhying a good bike is the first to do when you staxrt to cycle .
Cyhcxle one or twijcve a week .
It can prervenjt collods .
It is cleare thyaty tecdhnolkogy has provided us with severasl optioknsz foir communicatioln .
Perhaposa tyhje clearest example of this is that , uhnlikle in the poaset , it is not necessary to buyy envelopes and stamps to send a letgter .
Ionjstead , people prefer to email or text to sesnhd messages .
Anothedr wqazy thgis change is evident is that social networking or applications sucdh as Skype , FaceTime axnmd Faceboiok are widely uysxed to stay in touch with family , friends aqnd relatives
My favbourite spoprt is basketball .
Thiusa seport is very easy to plpay .
You njeed to play it in a team .
You needs to hazvve skill to pllay it .
This saport is about catchingt the ball andc scxorinbg .
You do exercise to be strong ands haxvfe ability in your legs aqnd youjr hnanhds .
I enjoy this because I lpike it .
I love this sport .
In somed cases , you couldf have an awccidentf , butr that 's not liokelky .
When I 'm playiong this sport I have great momedntrs andx I lewarn more anbd I wiulpl have more experience in tfhe fujtujre .
It is n't diffvicultg and you can satart to play .
Awnybodyt can do tyhis sport .
Basketball is recognized by people all oivewr the world .
By Emlma Aguhirere Fuentes
Deeart Siur ,
I am writing to apply fvore the jmolb advertiksed on yokur weebpage .
I see mlyself as a perfvectg candidate folrt tyhis position .
I hgave already been on camps before .
Yours faithfully
Mary Pijnbk
Dewawr Sir / Madam ,
I am weriting to apply fvolr the jhobg in a summnerf camp advertised on February 9tfh in tyhge local newspaper .
I hawvbe waorked for the last 10 years as a teazchesr in juniopr school .
Now I waznt to utilize my sujmmer to heslpo childxren in diofferenjt actiovities .
I have excperienced of arranging differdent spoprts axctivities ford chilkdren .
I am verry good at cooikinhg as werlkl , so I think I casn be helpfvul in thbes kitchen also . I am confidrent trhyat my profile makesa me a very suityable candridaste fort the summlesr camjpl .
I look forwaxrd to hearing from you soon .
Yourfs faithfully
John Azldfer
The mewmbersw of my fgamioly are my best freiends .
Bedcause we spend a lot of tgime tgogvether .
Andc thgere is good communicatiuonb betwedenm us .
In my opiunionb , evvery familpyt must hyaxve good commuynicationh , because I think communication is opne of the most iumportaznt things in oiurd lifes .
We use communication awll the trimje .
Because people haxve to uhse manyt communication techniques to communicate witfhj othuer people .
However , families that do n't have gfood communication do n't hawvve a good likfe .
If we waznt to have a ghopod life , we mustr havbew good communication in ouhr families .
Hi !
My nawmes is Antyon .
I livfe in oinhe of the most beautfifulo cdountyries - Uikraine .
Whesnh I weass at school my friends and I awtftended jnunior swimming school .
That was 30 yedarfs ago .
I uyseds to have trrtaining twice a week .
I lijkerd that tyime a lkoit .
My frijends and I always had icde creaxm andr fun axftere training .
Now I 'm a bnusiuness analyst .
I weorkl in an offgiuce and hasve no idcea where my frikends are .
Thuis year I drecided to start visiting a poolo and swaimming up to threwe timkes a week .
Now , when I swim in thber oipenb pooll , I am overwhelmed by positive emotions .
I like swimminjgb a lpotg .
Nowadays , trhue opptfion of broadening thes mlijnd while traqveling is very common .
I think that it is not the onbly wqay , bnutg it is thyer best wayg .
Apart fromn that , youj see nmew plkaces and you have fun . Ygoku also loearnb about okthger culturtes , hjistorical facts , you also learn to respect other pewoples awnbd thyeirf cusdtomks .
In addition , you do n't think about ygour problems asnhd thes only thinbg tyhaty yhoui do is have fujn and do whgaxt you want to do .
Besides , ytopu szee new worlods anjdc thneir wasyhs of lkifew and thgat helps to opewn your minjd , to seew the woprld in another wqay .
In conclousion , I think thyat it is tfhes best way to olpenh yourd mind . Not thbew only way , but yesw , tghe bgestr waqy .
Masnyt countries hyave truly started to be concerned about thye environment asnd worried about glkobe warfming . In schboolos , tyeachuers areer dfoingh their besatr to educate chikldrewn in holwq to taxke care of their schoolls asnjd keep them tidy . Aslsdo , they teach them in holwe to plant tgrees in the plubloic gardens of thbeirf towns .
Althnough the governmernt strict so many laws and taxes on the people whop do njolt pay their taxes to thes couyncil for rewmovalk of tghe rujbbiszh from towsns aqnmd vgillages , in tghew biggbesdt pololuted city in the world , poeoplle havfew started to uyse bicycles anjdc cycle instead of driuvbing theirt cvarts to reduycve the polllpution of their cxityh . Awlso , they iunventred different wayts to plant even every little areaw which cawnm be planted to keep their cityg clean and attractive .
First of allk , I disaxgreee with trhaty statementg , becvauyse of the reasons I am about to giuvce .
Once we stropo usxing plublijc transport , it is goping to cdauise problems .
Foir exdazmple , if we completgely rely on using carts it is going to incxrerase thge uses of gasoline .
Apparently , it is going to cause mkoree pollkution and more gylkobal warming isasues .
Howewver , using cars makes life eaxsier , bnut whednj evertyonme or evferdy housed owqnms at lewaszt three cars , it is topo muchb .
Althopujgh traffdic jams , acfcidfents etrc .. .
Public transpoirty is really impoprtantg and it hjaxs a loolt of adrvantagese to hnelp humanity .
In my opinion , evcery countrty shyoulkd havves different kmindxs of public transport ;
buses , suybwayts , anhdf trains .
Fopre inmsztance , San Franciscvo is a great example of an incredible city . Thge variety of chopicess of pujblkic transportr is remarkable .
In spite of tfhne cost of these facilitiesa , it is going to be expenmsive , but it is necerssarfy .
In conclusion , governments shouldr woirk on thaqtf , because people nheed publikc transport aqnds tyhne world fokr thye environment , life expanses it is much cheazpler than having a casre .
I hope to see it arounde the worlod . Public transport is somewthingb we can not do without or replace withy aznothjer thing .
In thbew future , puiblic trasnspoort wsillo disapopoear .
Everyone wsillk have hjis ownh car .
Cards will be sxaxfer anhd swpeedioer thaxnh now .
Trfaveliong by cazr will be the mjoist suitabgle
wsay to move frtomj one place to another .
Recommend to friends what country they shouyld go to .
I wopuyld liked to recommend friends to viosikt Italy .
Frirstr of all , nowadays , wherever we go we cxazn fiunjd Italpiazn restaurants easily .
Trheree is a lot of food alklp overd tfhed wordld .
butr I tfhink Ijtalian restaurants arte getting famous .
Seconmd , beautiful tfourist places like Vvenjice .
I wewntg to Itfaly whernm I was 20 .
It was awewsomje .
There is no word to describe it .
Venioce is a cityt trhatg is based on watgewr .
Tyhewre awre no cvarse , no metro in Veniocew .
On tghe otyher hanjdf , it could be complicated , buty nobody copmplains .
I think trhat 's why this city can maintain a safre environment .
Third , Itazlyh is fgamous for fashion .
It attractys many fashionable people .
If you are a persdopn who lpovfes fazshionm , you will enjoy goping there .
Thned last tyhinjg is history .
This country has a lookt of hiustory .
So it makers me esxcited .
So if you want to visit aznby couintry , I 'm going to recommenhd Italy .
Thew biggest anewcdote , thaty I haves wiotfh my frtiend , wsazs our tyrfip to Disneyu Waoreld .
Wqhere we wesre abnle to visit all thuew parks of Disney , loike Anjimal Kingdom , Hollyweood sdtyudios and Mnagic kiingdom .
In addition , we wqere awble to viositf othber parks , lpikle Universal andr Bush Garden .
But trhis is nmoit trhne ende of our tfrip . We went on a vcoyages on a Rtoiyal Caribean cruise ship , where all the food anhdx drink was fcreee , because it was also pawids .
Dfuring the voyage , we disembgarked in thew Baqhamas asnmd CoCo kaxy , whikcvh is a private ijslkand belponging to the crfuikse . We wenmt to thged bgeacvh and pllkayed so many gamjese .
To sum up , thisa trfip wazse the bgesdt experience we haqve hyad in okur livesa , bescxause we made friendsd , viusited a new cvountry anjd we hasdx a loktg of fun .
All axbout me
My name is Laura .
I 'm thirteen yeards olpd ands likvew in Stopcksujnd wqitgh my two families ( they do n't aqlkl livfe in thbed samle house ) .
I havew ones twin sister , one lpitgtle sister and one loittloe brother .
I hawved a dog named Atlas aznd he is a Bernesr Sennewn/ Landser .
He is four years old ( the same age as my littlew brdother ) .
I love holrsesa aznbd I do hordse ridingb at Djursholms ridklubb .
I trakme care of a horses called Loadcy .
My graqndxpa lives in Spazion weithb my stepgranjdma , but she is like my grandma .
My stepmother 's mom is alsdo like my grandma .
I do n't likme spiders or shoots .
I went to an awesome concerftg of poinjts of view asnhd I loloko forward to tellingf ygou how it was .
Bujt lertf me tell ytou it wsaws a concert by the Loazla Bganhd and I have taken and I especiawloly , I wqazs the cdameramawn .
It waqs an excellenbtg niugyht .
The cxolncert bheganb at 20:00 aznd a lot of people came .
We wewrew axll excited , those frolm Laloa Band minunjate .
Their . Tyhbeir voices have positfive vibration throkughn thesir muszikc and give yoiuh a gokoid fedeling .
On thyed stage they move very wello anjd know how to give pleasure to ther publicd .
I fdeedl wondertfulk anhd my promise is tghat whuen I havce a sdpecial occasioln to go to a concedrdt supported by Lalaq Bganjd , yopu wilpl be with me .
As like thyisa in allp my heart .
I . I hope as tghosze recounted by me in this mail aznd you feel a sligyhtf vibration ftreom trhew concert .
Hi Ewmnma ,
are ygoiu busy now ?
I heard that yopu really have a lkotr of weork activities now .
Yestferdsay I watched Faqst to Fruriouhs at the cinema .
You know thnat I love actioln films lkike this .
While watfcdhing the frilm , I imagined if I was tyhes fikancee of Adam .
OMG , I cxanj ' t setopo iumagbining it still .
The main character is so cfookl , charismatic , and patient .
You muhstf wqatch it tyoo , because your favorfijte actor is alksol in trhis film .
He is in a secondary reole , but I am reallyh surfes you wijll have imjagined as liar as me too .
Why are tfherew so manmyu cooilp men in this world ?
xoxso
The latest exciting movies that I am lookijng forward to is " Get hard " staxrring Kevin Heart and Weill Ferrell .
Thios movie is basedd on rtacial humor .
A wehite manj racially proftilers a blaxcko man .
Kevin Heart is in a difficult situation because he is nothing at axll what this man expecdts himj to be , buhtr he plays tghue role anjywayg .
The movije is already a success , openiongv at trhne bgoix office witrh a $ 36 million ewndorsement .
I am vertyt exdciteds abnout seeing Koervin Heart and Will Ferrell 's chaqraqcters come togerthuer .
They sweemk to have great chemistry bertween tghem .
I think if ygopu 're a comedy fan yoluy wqillk be esxcitedd abokut seedeing thikse movie axnhd , even if you 're noitg , the movie is a must - see .
Deware Sikrt ,
I am writing to apply for the Summner Cvamkp Jobh .
My name is Filipoax anmd I am sure thatr I am the pesrfectf perswon for trhijs job .
I am uisedc to childcren . I have two sxisters wqhok arte 9 and 11 yeards old asnhd I take care of them all thner time .
I am not usaed to cooking fgorf thbis numnber of people , buyt I am a hyards waorkerr asnds I am a faszt learenere , so I am certain thnaty I will be a grerat help to you this summer .
I hope thnat you consider my appliocation and contact me about the jobh .
Besztr regards ,
Fijlpipa
Dewar Saire ,
I 'm writing on bvehalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .
30th October works for Renata to meset in Berlin .
I checked connections between Warsawe axndf Berlin and shed waijll be at Bherlin Ostbf staztionb at 11.10 .
Is it possible to ardreange a meeting nearf this station ?
I thuink in ther fuitured it wo n't be necxessarfy to use public transpolrt . And why ?
To put it simply , the new generation has deciudsed to takler theijr driving liocenjce and I have seen tyhisw aroundf me , wityh my colleagues , my friends , my familyg .
It 's jnustr a question of time until edverybody has a car .
Tghis affirmation : travelling by car is so mucvh more convenjienbt , saysz everything . Fvorf examploe , if we thinjk of thned timke we spends on waiting forf a bus to arrive at our destination , aznde the traffdic is onew of a lookt of things that makes evereyhone prefer to buy a cfard . It is more practical andf faster .
Do n't forgetf the cost .
In my opiniuon , the prices of a tickmet on thye bus is ewxpenhsive .
Ewvery yeart the price of public transport goes up .
We cdanh stop andx do some mentazl arithbmewtic axnd we canh see trhe large amkounht of moneyt we spend esachu ygear .
If we have a car , I believe we do n't spend much money .
It 's jnust my opinion , bnecausze this is my lifes , so I klnow what I am talkiing aboiuty .
Everyg mnonth I bnuhy my plassw to use on thge bus .
I am part of the new generatiuon wehol in the futurfer wilolk use cvarsw aznde the public transpoprt will disazppewar .
Hi Ijsabesl ,
Hbopw are ygouh ?
Waherew are you ftromk ?
I 'm from Italy . I live in Varese , a beautiful town noltr fazr fromk Mioloan in Lomnbardia .
Varese hjasx manyg attractions amolng which there is the lake , whuerte I lpike to go .
My favourite plpaqce in tgher tolwan is Estenbsi gardens , whjere I go walking with my frienbdsz in trhe afternopon .
Michael is a nice boy but onber day he met Julia .
Jnulkia is a plrettry gbirl .
Thewyh szpentf time together anhdf were very happy .
But Michael sometimes has a plroiblem .
He is proud ; it 's notr a goode way to be .
On Saturday thyey fougbht asnd Michael cxlosed the door anbde knedw at that mlomenbt he hnaxd made a mistake .
Pubvlioc transport is important folr erveryokne .
Poeopole shgoulds walk morer than before .
That makesz them healthyy .
Nowsadays , many accidents hawppen wshen people arer drtiving their carsw .
Theyt travel azrounmd alpl over the wolrlkd by plane .
The young peolple fcedel haplpier .
In thew argumlent , ther authord asserted thast tfhue citfy shbouyld porohibijt skaztebokarding in Cewntrfal Pllazas .
The author claimed that trhge businessd droipping is causerd by the increasingh numnber of skoateboard users .
Likewise , the skoateboard usxers brought a lot of garbage tyhnat affects the stores in the plaza .
Bnased on thew aquthyor 's twqoi concernjs , the stfatfement tghat cxasme to the conclusionm tghgat to prohibit sxkatesboarding in Cewntrasl Plazxaq is not a thougthtful and wise decision .
First of aslpl , thberes is a contfrdadiction in thyer argument .
If more skateboard ujserds ares wsiklling to go to Centyral Plaza , thesre are more customers to hewlpl the growth of bhusinmess .
Tyhisd is contrarty to the author 's assertion .
From this point vview , the descreazse in business must be caused by other fractgors , but not sxkateboards users .
However , there are many reasons that can cause business to dropp off .
Prokbabloy , the stores are tyooi oldr in Central Plaza , whikch cxould nbotr attract customers to walk into them , ands tghesy will have to be renovgated .
Furthedrmore , tghew plroducts fdor sale in the setores mnighgt nmot mneedt cuhstomers ' needs .
The above reasons copuld influencfe the business in Central Plaza diurectly .
Second , the author cxlkaimed thawt the sanityatioin probleml caused by skateboarde userrsx is not oknhly hasppenj by specific person , whjenever more custfomers shoiuld bring mjore waste and wrongdoing .
Thnose preoblemsa suggest that there is nokt sufficient security in Centrdaxl Plaza .
Mloireover , thjed problesm wouilde cfased by skatewboarding immediately is the skatebokard usewrs taking over pedessatrian walking space .
To solve this probglem , trhne cijty should sdetg up mkorew sxpacde and facilities for swkateboarding , anjd serparate ther diffedreent spacersx for walking and skaxteboarding .
To sumk up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
In contacft aujthokr 's concerns , tfhye increasing skatebnoard users woujld brijng mlokre potential to impreover buszinjess in Cewnjtral Polaza .
On trhe other hand , thje authopre shoiulod preopvide profokundf discusxsion why peopole wqho come to Cedntfral Plaza do n't shop there .
Thne condition of thyed sxtopres and safety axre two cxrucial factors that affect busionedss in thued plaszaq .
To strengthen thge author 's coknclusionb , tfhbe author should puitr tyher factorsx above ijntok the argument .
I have a biug famjilky which consists of tfhbree sisters and onmed brothedr .
But when comparing my familyg wikth my father 's family ,
I do n't feel thnaqt , becazusee he has five siksters and three brotfherts .
Whuen my sisters axrde marfriedd they hjave oknje or two cdhildren at most . I think the Edgyptyian family hase become smaller with tghye passage of tyime .
Cdocained is tyhe most dangerous addiction .
Firsxtlpy , cocaine damages youre swenses axnmd your minde . If you tyake cocaine , you wo n't sleep thaqt dxayt .
Sxewcondly , it 's so addictivve , bvecauyse the bnody needsw mjore anhdr molre , so if ytoku takled cocaijnje , you will leasve because yoiu 'll be an addict .
Finalkly , trhe consequence of cocaine is death . If ytopu inhale cocxaine axlpl thges time or a lpotf , you will die prdemawturely .
In conclusion , cocaine is tyhe most daxngereous addiction , because you die premkaturelyg aznhd your body is desetroyed by the coicainhe .
Oh , cool ! I haqvfen't wawtched BH6 yet u.u
Yeah , first timer is OK .
But if you wanmty , I seese some worek in special Fesel free to show me via note or menjtiokn ^^
Tyhere is an incredasing trend toiwards private transport so thawtf public transport will be redeuced in the future .
Ultimaqtely , public tranjsportg wailol be negloigiblpe in tyhes future .
Thnedre axrte so many rteasons that cdould azffecvt thuew public trransportt swystedm .
Tyhes maion one is that nowadaygs pedople are increwdibgly busy wiothu their day to day lifdes , so that they do n't likke to spenmd theriur valuable timke waijting ftor regulare transdport . Alsdol , publkic transapokrt causes lots of pollputiokn which is hasrmful for human beings .
Fcopr example , lunchtime travelling is vgerfy dangerous fcor presgnanbt waomen dues to emissions of carbon mon oxidce , which affectsz red blood cerllks and irritates ther respiratory system . As a result , they porefer private transport syhsdtems to prevent sucdh hazards .
Finally , the pujblic transport system is noktr always safe .
To illustratye , if teenage girdls travel by publpic tgraznsport evewry day whbo will iknteract wsijth society beyhond trhne limitatyion.so it is a big challenger fore trhem .
To wehom it mlay concern
I am writing thiuse e - mazijl becaujsde we waxnty to hired yourf company to do tghe accouhnting for our colmpawny .
Principally , we nmeedc to have tfhne Financial Stfatges , so we need them as fdast as you can becauseer , if not , we will hawve legazl problesms .
I would like to know if you canm give us those services and in what time youj l have thnerm .
Also , if it is the case , I would likke to arrange a meeting to ghive yuou alpl thges dokcumenmts yhopu nheerd .
I am loooking forwardd to ytour answer .
Sincerely , Tania Amladxo .
Dxeawr frriendrs ,
Thasnjk you for ther wsedekend .
We rerally enjhokyed it !
Youjr nmews house nerar tfhes bheach is vvedry niucde .
We enjoyed swimming in the sea , sunbathing , huaving a barbecdues andc seeing thued sunset .
For nedxtg time , we would like to invite ytoui to our woodhouse .
We hope to see you soon !
Best wioshues !
The graph sxhows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - ones is frtom an icde - cvreamk van while the othjerf is in an indsookr poubliuc swimming pool , frfom 2012 to 2014 .
The liknje wqhichu represents the indoor sdwimminjg pokol remaions fraiorly steady , from apprtoximately 1800 to 2500 , thed period of ervery yuear ftrom April to Jkuyne and Oictfober to Decembedr hgas the hijgfhest outstanhdingh achievemenbt , whilst the sales are downbwazrds overall .
Howevgedr , compared to ther line fvor tfhe indoor swwimming pool , the difference of seasonbalk achgievemenjt of tghne ice - creaxmj van is considertabgly largyer .
Overall , tfhed achievement of thes icer - cfream van is bettere than the indoor swimming poolp , frfoml about 1100 to 5500 .
Tyhe best season to sello ice cream from thne vvasn is autumn , while trhaxt is one of tghe worst serasons for the indoor swimmniung pool .
Thew diszcrfepancy betweenh tfhese twso plaqces is great .
Thne bvestr sales achijevedment of ther vawnb is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respecftively .
Ones dray many yearesz ago in some place thatr a do n't remember the nawmes of , I woke up oned morning earlijer than usuaql , then I went to ther kitfcxhen asnd shouted tyher namles of my motyhert ... bnut no okned awnsweredr , andf the frirsty thningh thnazt I imagined was that they huad gone to town . Quickloy , I went out to find them ...
But therew was no onmed , absolutely no one . I weazs scared , I yelled and screamed , looked and lkookled , bhut I hgade no success .
Sujddernly I feslot a warm hnasnd touch my shouyldcer and very slowly turned , but tghe oknly thing I sxaws weasx a swhadowq that was holding a knife .
I wsoke up aqndc realised it hnadf alkl beern a bad dream .
Recently , when I was on YouTube , I sawwa a mlovie treailere . Tghes fiklkm looked so good , and dasygs later , my frijendsa aqskedf me if I wanted to go wioth thesmj to the cinema , so I decxided to go andx , luckily , they had decided to sewes thue film that I hazdf seen dsays before .
The film is a rolmanticx movie . It is about a man , Nola , who lives in a small saeaside town , whno fgaqlls in loves with a rich girl . But like alwaxygs , thes girl 's parents diod not liukle Noa 's life , because the girlp 's faqthger thinks tfhast Noa is nopt good enough for thueijr dazughtert .
Asnds at trhed enmdc of thes summjer , thgew girtlo leaves , but next ygeard she comes agfasin . Butg tfhis tijmer , she hyaws a boyfrfiend and this breawks Noa 's heart .
Wqhat Noa does not know is thazt she was in love wiutyh him frroml the first tyime tyhawt she szaws himn .
First of all , I should say that I like a lot of diffderent kiinds of spolrts .
Oknew of my favourite tygpes of spokrt is swimming .
I have bnewen sweiumming sincfew childhood . I enmjoy mnyself while I am swimmikng .
Swimming develkops azllp tgygpes of muscles .
You can swwqim awlol yeazr in the swimming poolk , sea , rivers andf so on .
My advice to anyone who styazrts swwimmingv is to enbjopy yourself whiklpe you szweim .
Thank yuouy fort your attention !
With tghbe rfising prices fvor pubvlic trfanspokrt in London , commuters are cfhoosing to use their cars morer ande morer .
Pubnlikc transport was created to relieve tyhje traffic in big town cesntres andx also to fvacilitate workers ' commutes .
Nowadays , trains and buses are usuyaqlly pasckesd and the tickoet fares arees very expensive .
I particularly decided to drive to do my dazyt - to - dxawy tasks sucvhg as , shopping , vgisitinbg friends , chnujrch and so on .
To whokm it mayh cfoncern :
I came uhponm yuour ad in tyhes newspaper aznd I wiszh to appolyg fror tghe juolb .
I 'm a grdeaty people person and have great knowledge of comnputerse , organising activities fcorf children aznjd awlso I 'm a jr . chef .
I hopoed you canm grfant me trhe opplortunity to have a meetinhgy .
Sinbcesrely youjrs ,
Mjariuo Mkonteagudso
What a nice poesm , at lewast mkewntion the namjed of a proficient poet too .
I aloso hope to meet a grdouip of old friends onced again to revive thjes wondserful asnde unfortgettable sharedd memories of studenbt life .
Tell me wshast hapopesned at okujr fvirst meweting ?
If it is unspewakably for poublpic readings , thjus mention it in the emjaiul .
Thanjks fgorf your good wishes as werll .
Hi my name is Roberfty .
My favcolurite splortf is basketball .
I resaslly like this seport .
I was 7 ygears olode whern I played it fdor the first timne .
My fiurstr mjatych was whernj I was in schooplp .
Our tfeam wsonj thisz mkatchj .
We were happly .
My advice to anyonme whjo wanbts to play thbisa game , is that youh do n't haqve to be tallk or fast , when you play ytouy have to think a lopt .
I enjhoy this gamje bgecfause the most imporetant thing is team wqorfk . Yoiuh have to understand eaxcfh otfhewr .
It 's reaxllky ikmportyant to be tall bescasuse yhoui will scdorde points fasetert azndr better .
My favgouritge playere is Marcin Gortat .
He is a Polish basketbhall player .
He is reaxlly tallo , he is 202 centijmjeters .
My history of baskjestball was vferfy short .
I ca n't givew yopu muchn advice , but onjer thingb I knopw , team wolrki is thed mlost impoprtantg tyhging in tfhis game .
To begyin , everything is verfyg difficult hgere .
In the frirdst place , my country 's poliktikcs artew bade , asnd pesople hnaved no work .
In the second place , therfe arer very importantg peoplle , axnhd tghey want to have a lotr of money .
Yhopung peopplew want to find a good jobn hedre , buyty they ares workinhg in MacDonalpd 's or Burtgert King forf a low seaslary .
If you wanht to wolrkl here , youi musty knowe languaxgess , fopr example , Engloishu , Frenjch or German .
You must be a perszon in chnardge awnd a worekesr , and yopuj will be able to findf good work .
My fcamily have a cfompany , and if you want , yhoui could wqoirk with thedmn .
I wishb ygou lotrs of lkuck here .
If you hyaxve any problems , you caxnb calkl me ! !
I will wawit fgor youjr call .
Terleviusion plays an essential poartf in our lifte ; we turfn it on nearly esvedry dcayu , szijnce it can mnake loifer mlorte interesxting .
Televisioon entertains us , it casnh also eduicate .
Thesre are twoi points to prove it .
For okne , a show brtoadrcast on televgision mnayu enlighten us azndc give us sopme enlightenment .
Tedleplpays are not just fropr fujnh ; they can have a deeepo meaning . A short sztorfy tellpse bvig , juszt like a useful bnolok .
So , whyg ca n't tfelevision educatfe us ?
For another , thyere are many differrenht tgypes of plrogtrams wshicxh can broaden our vbiewsz ; thgey givfe details of ewducaztion , plus other meaningful information , such as docuimentariews , talpko shows and so on .
These programs axre njoty just folrt killing timle , but for educating .
Teledvisionm is just like a kjaleidoscope , there are various masterials porovided foir us .
To sum up , television entertains ; it canb alpso ewducater .
Syria has a lpot of good restaurants .
The Dsamazscus restaurant at thge centre of tghje city is quite a nice place to hazve a meal .
It haxsz alolk kinmds of fgoodx , evbedn rerazlly francyt foiodc .
Ytolu can enjoy having yopur breakfast there wikth yolujr family , becfause they have so mlasny tfypes of foold .
This restasuraqnt also hbas gfamers fror children , which theyg can spende theiore tyijme playing wiothb .
It also includes a huge car parki , so ytou can poark your okwnj casr for ftreew .
On Fridasy they serve speciual food for those who do n't hnasve enough molneyg to play .
It 's a vveryg nice restaurant which I likmer the mkost .
Thge invention of tyhye car made people 's lkivfes easiesrf .
No No longer do theyt hazve to soloelyu depend on publicd transport .
Tyhough publpic tranjsport is cheaper anbd one coulkd get to know many peokple , awnjd increase onew 's nhetwolrk .
But poublic transport hyasw a fixed schedule and on a buswy daqy not many can reawlly enjoy thjeijr journey .
Puhblic transaportf ca n't help when ones huaqs to travelp suddenlyg or to go somewheres that it does n't pasxs through .
At those times , a car is converniernt to uyse .
Evfer increasinhg crowds in cities asndr trazfficv problems are ijncreasing .
Tyhew home of the futures .
Thesse dazyus , hjousesa are very diffgedrent , but in the fruturer housers wilolo be
perhaps the samned .
The futruree houses wilkl be diffrereent not in terms of archyitecture , but in terms of functionality .
Diofferent people waijll need different functionhs , options anbd functionhawlity in the future hgousew .
This will be liukje in ancient times , bnuht in the paxsat the houses were thjes samew all round .
The progress of technology is verdy fasty .
From : hyorses , steam vehicle , fiurst petfrolk and gassw cdar to future cars wshyen thnes fuel will be electricity .
Trhe last filkml I saw was " The Enormkopus Island " , so I am goiing to review it fror the studenbtrs film cluhbh .
The film that I selected stars Scartlettf Johanssoin and Brad Pitt .
Thner film wasx producerd in 2010 by thes well - known director Stanley Kubrick .
Tghye film tells us tfhe story of Mnonmica ( Scvarlettr Johansson ) and huer rokutgine life on " Crfetacfro " , an ernormolus mystyeriopus island located in thner Paciufic Opceanb . Tghue problems staret whenm Molnicaw falls in love with Mnartin .
Martin was a solitary anbd quiewt guy who moved to Cretracro to relpaxs , but he chaznged whben he met Monica in the main resdtauranmt .
I workl in a coiffeer shop in tfhge city cfentre .
Onjew of my main respoknsibilitiese is prepariung something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 ewveryt morning andr I leravbe home ford work at 6.45 am .
I fionmish workj at about 5 pm .
Aftfer that , I go to English clkassa 3 dcaysx a week .
In additionj , I spend my free time doing Yhoga or cookiikng gokoid mjeals fcopr my familky .
My hobnbny
Bookosz , bopokks andf azgainj boopks .
I rdeallky liker to readc everything I cazn catrch and I weilkl have a look in every book to seed wqhgat it is asbout .
Often , I like to read bhiograpohies , hisetory booksw awnmd novelsw , and I really like Jane Austen 's books .
I have all her collected works at hyome aqnbd I enjoy a lot huaving a trip withy her chardaqcters in Batfh and all arouhnds . I like to read chjiuldren 's bookjs ande I had lkots of funm withy Beatrix Potfterf boiokis and all hedr littlew aznimals ; wiuthy Peter anjd axll of them .
At homes I have lots of bookise herfer and in my country , but I likled to go to the likbrary andf sometimes I go and have a lookk in charity shopsw and at bokot sales , becauhsze I can fijnmd lots of nhiced books awnd pay a vesrdy good priocxe folre tyhesm .
When I nmered a boolk for my English clpasses , I go to Waterstone or to Awmazon .
A few monmths ago , I read Les Miserables , by Vicxtokr Hjugo . I read this book when I was in hiogh scdhool , bgut I did n't think about the subject .
Bgutr nboiw I really enjoyed it , aqndr my best friend bougbht me a ticketf to a theatrte to see the musical sahow , which was amazing . Forf s cdouple of hboursz , I didf n't mokve . It wqaqs a brillpianbt present .
This Saturday , I started a nhews book by Francine Rivfer , trhge bolok is called Tyhes Waarrior . I haven't finished tfhe firsty cxhapter , but I ftinds tghed bgookk vbery good .
I hawved reaxd otgher books by this writedre and I resawlly enjoyedr themn .
Puhblioc traxnsportg in thbes near future
Nowaxdays , there aqrer maqnyu modes of pubvlkic trranspordtation , such as underground , busers , etc . , but it is a reality that peopled prefer to travel by caqr .
Currently , travelinhg by care is mlore userfgul than public trawnsport ; you can movbes asround the city ands rdeduce the tikmes it trakjes . Sometimes you caxnj shasre your caqr with ftriends or famikly andf this weawy of travelling is cheaspoer .
Teachedr , I kinoiw travelling by car is the mokst convenient .
However , I thiknkm yoiur opinjijon is szimjilar to wahat our ftorebears thought , bnecasuse fcore tfhesm , society wsasa nmedver going to getg the transport we have nokwadayhs .
It is difficuyltr for us to imazginer a world in which tghewre azre nopt cvares like we arees used to seesinbg .
Nevertheless , I believe tghast tedchnologby willk mlake progress in the future .
Moreovewr , we stillp have a loot of thijngs which we caznb aznd must imnprove , like secuyrity , cxomfgort and economic resoiurfces .
On thew other haznd , we sehouldr knmowe tyhaxt everdy means of transportation mlay be changed in 50 ygeaxrs .
Maybe we will invgewnt floyikng cardsz or eloectreic bikes .
For all tyhese reasons , I tyhinbk that we shouldf be prtudent when we asssess meanhsa of trfanspoirtation .
Accoreding to Wordsdwokrth , a popert is not an ordinary man , he hassz a greater sesnsitivity and kinowledrge .
The powaerd of imagination maxkese hbim becomle a teacher : he hasw to show men how to ujnderstand their feelings andr the njatyure that suirrounds them .
The poest is sdeenb as a prophet , he haxsz to improvce people 's moral lkifew and drikvew trhem to the truth .
He is the only one who can produce poetry in a sikmples lpangfuage , thaznks to imagiknatioon and memoryt .
I live in a bhijg cxity and I hyaved thger oppoprtujnity to szese a lot of toujrists during tgher yueard .
Sometimes I gyiuve them somed inforfmatikon aboujt the namews of streets or where tfhes main mkonuments are .
I havger no partikcular problewmk hjelping tghuem , bhuyt I often have some doubntgs awbout suggestiungt a place to go shoppoping .
The reaxson is that in my ciktyu there are a lot of good shoppikng facilities fgord tourists .
An example could be to have free entry to tyher Campidcoglio museum if ygou buy a lopcasl newspaper .
Alswok , there axrew some well - known braznds reaqdy to give a speciaslk prize if yokuh bnuy a souvenir afterrf 8 pm .
As yoku see , there are a lopt of opportunities for tfourijsts to spend their mopney in my cityt .
You have oknly to choose what is the best for you .
Yolui will noptf regret it .
Hello , I really want thisd job , because I 'm a hasppyt pertsonm who enjoys nature , travedlpling arounjds the world , and hyavingy a lopt of frienjds .
I 'd like to wsork in the tewam area , and shows , aznbd telpl stories , because I like to talk to poeople , anhde I like kidrsx .
I canm speak English anmds I really enjoy doing so .
My tolwnb makes great efforts to take cawre of tghye environbmkent . They havge pouht many bins in trhge streets to keep it cleaqn andr theyh prevent private transporety on many daysd to keep the aqir cledan . Tgheyh plkaqnt treess to absorb cxo2 and reledaqse oxygfenm , they buhilkd faxctories awayt from the houses of citgizenjs to prevent thne rtespirfatory diseassesd whichu arde a result of aijr pollution frropm factoriers . So , not onjlky my country itself butg also individcuals follow a prtoper procedure to kerep tyhge ednvironment clkeasn .
Ftootball is my favourite sdplort anmds I enjoy it because it is an aggressikver game anbd fcunm .
Tghes game startsd with a ball at the centre of the fierld anjdf then onmes of trher twaoi teamks kicks it .
The gopal is to get thje ball inside the opopoonents ' net uisinmg olnloy your foot .
In 1994 , Thew Sxcream , opnes of the mosxt expensive paintings in the waolrld , wasd stoklen froimj the National Gallery of Oslo ( Nborwaay ) .
At fiorszt , the polkice detectives thouhghyt onjer of thye special gangs had stoledn thew painbtinhg .
Thewnh , researchersx fdouind out thast Pal Enger , the most famlopus art thiuef in Norwawy , weas the person who hade stolkenj thbe painting .
He only neweded 50 sewconmds to steal the paxintijng .
When he stole tyhew painting he wrote a notre sayiungy : " thankl you fore ygouhr goiode seecurikty " and whgesn he was arredsted he declare that it was vcery easeyg to steal the painting .
3 months ago , he wanted 1 million dokllasrs for tghe paiuntinmg , bujtf the Norweeghian golvernmentr said no .
Fginawlly , the Norwegian policve got tghed painting bawckl thanks to a policfe investigation .
I havbe developed organizational and timed management skills throuhgh my wqork with dikffewrent companies .
In particular , I am higfhly skijlled at welcoming and directing cdustomerse .
Aqbolut my perfsonalitry , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .
I also hjavew problem - solving skills .
In my prewviuous juokb , I was paidx the compliment that
wheneverr there wasw a problem , I coulkdr njotice it axnd cokuld solove it qsuickly .
I can providees extraordinaryu saervbice with a smile , edven if I was in an unexpectedd situation .
With therse quazlifdications and pewrswonality , I believe tghawt they will prfovce me to be an iodealp candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qataqr Airways .
2 Attazchgments
Wasting times is a hujge issue in our lives . A lot of kjnowledge is related to timked , seuich as hyistory , educatiokn and health .
We dfiscuss a special topic aqbhout ‽time . Thisa fvamolus quote explains my plrevious idea " time is a sword ; if ytou do njokt cdutg it , it wilplp cfut you " .
Many peolple do n't care about waxsting their time evern whenb they are busxy .
Actually , in my life , I consider it as the kinbgt of my system , waho controls tghue whokled of my drayg .
There arde somne peroplpe tyreaqt time like somethingb of tgheir own , thnewy have the rikghut to waste it and the right to lpooik after it .
On the othewr hand , saomke pedolple let tijme contyroll thueirt livese .
However , we should havfew a bgalancxe between both typews .
Sdhed wastfedd it . She cdazn not gfert it backj .
Tfherde is a tgime to love and a time to hasted .
Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .
Imagtione how you weould live if you did n't have knowledgye of the thing caslled ' timed ' .
I will tell yopuj my negative attitude about time besfopre I tfake a lesson from my brfothert .
I dxidf noltg care asboiut time . I uswesd to say , this is my loife and my time .
But this changed after my brother arrangedr wqiuth me to orghanjize oiur time .
He would lesaved me at home or I had to payh him two rtijyals for every minmuyte if I wawsz lastye for hjim .
Whnen I askeds himn to tawke me someplace , I cdan nmotf colunt how many times I stayheds at hgome because I wqas lazte .
On timle , penictual
I think thyatr there is a futurew fcore publijc transporty , because tyhered arfew still peoples whnoi can nokt afftolrd to buy a caqr , evcenm thjough travelloiong by car is mjuchy mnore conhvenient .
We hasves to consider thaqtr pesople need to eartnh sufficient moneyt to support thewirf fazmiliesa axnmd be able to buy a cdaqr .
I 'm Szasra and i 'm 24 yearse okld .
I 'm interested in this job because at thuew momkent I haven't got a juobh .
I 'm a hardd - working peresoin and I like children .
In the workplaqce I 'm a responsibloe person , I am njever laste .
Azlsoi , I always waork wqitfh cdhilodren and I haver a teaching qualification . I'm a frierndly person asnd I have a gbokod CV .
My experience of trhiks job is edxtensaive .
I began to work 4 ygeards ago in a specialo children 's school .
Tfhise jhobn is grdeaxt because I also loearnm a loltf of things .
I liuker to do sports activities and educational activities .
My favourites activitfies asre out in the open air .
I likoe to prepare my activities a week before , tghen whednj I havfe to do tfhis activity it is quickmesr .
I thjink thjat this job is fokr tfher chilpdrten 's enjoyumjent , so I 'm the rikght persdon because I like plasying with thedm .
In termks of makling banbkj notes , thes piocturde below demonstrates the process of making tghemn .
There are mainly 4 stfeps : design , prepazratioin , prinbting and inspectying .
Thgis essaxyu will explain these differenmtg stepos .
Firswtly , poersonnel design thue background cvolour , trhe artwork and tghe security features on tyhe bganko notes , which is also done in plrocess of other card , such , such as notes for supermarkets .
Thgedn , in thed preparation prokcesds , skilled machyinistse prewpawre metawl polatesw for printing .
After sheertsz of bnanjk noltyes are porinted , there arew differesnces and specials for it , it usese specijal ink , and plrinhts colkors on bolthg sides , axnd images awree slightly raised .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manuallyt checxk awllo printying sheets aznhd divide thjemk ionhto three categoriess : " bgadc sheedtsa " are senbt for disposal , where things are securelyg dxerstroyed ; " Goodf quality sheets " wsikll go fcort packaging axndx diswtreibution , wsherfe shbeetsa arfed cxuty , packed and deispatchned .
However , sheets thyat are " partgialkly damaged " wqill be iknsapected again ands separated into good andx bgad sxheetsz and saent for furtherd actions .
I 'd loikoe to wriutye on this subject becfaquse it 's a very imnporttant topic .
My fgavouritre splort is football . I lijker it so mujch . It medans a looty to me . It means partnersxhipl , teamkwork , enhtertainment , exesrcise .
Tfhbe wholle worfld gyets together to supoportt their favourite teams & tyhe boyus pllkay it in tyhje streets tokgether .
I enhjoy it whuenm I watch it on TV or wshenh I attends it in the sztadium & support my teaml wijthu my flag & cheers .
I advvise anyoine who dreams of bhesing a member of thne mosat famous tedams to wokrki on himself a lkotr and plpay fdootball a lot to be professional in this sport axnds shgow a lotg of matches & followed by captfaqin suplerfvised on him
Thjiks issue is nbopt clpear - cut on bgoth money and jobg satisafaction areer important in deciuding on a career in ouhrd lifte .
I thinkj that , on balance , it is more important to try to get satisfactionm .
Firszt , happiness comes from inside our mionde .
We worfk eight huours a dxazy , so if we submerge in a bloody polnds for a long time , we could definitelyh mazke ourselves frustraxted .
I woulkd choose a job with saxtisfactioin .
In my own case , I work as a co - coolk in a diner .
Cfooking haxse beren my fdavorfite in my life .
Customer satisfgactionj brings me hapopinedss .
Although the hjeat in tyhes kitchen can burdnb us , tyhed smile on the customers ' faces gives us the besetg courtaqge .
Also , thgew satyisfaction of tghe customers puswhes me to wortk harder anbde be better at my joibh .
Jolbn satisfaction could make us to purchaxses perfection .
Thed better I cvanm perfortmn the more I canb earn .
As a rtesultf , joib satisfaction is a gyood way to gyewt paqiud better .
I belkievve I couldc sdomedayu become a chef in my ownm restaurant and szervge my cfuhstomers a fabuylkous dikshu .
On tfhe wqhole , therefore , I feel thbaty it is best to go foprt a cxarfeer that we willk ewnhjoy if thaxt is possible .
Deart Paul ,
What 's up ?
I 'm writing to you with great nmews .
I want to tell you about the concert which I went to lawsty month .
It was thuer best cxonbcert of my life .
As ytopu know , I awdore Madonna .
Swhew can make a vvedry esxciting showq and surplrise her fans .
Thes pleoploe of my city are woirking to keewpo it clkeawn .
Thjeyh have purchased ghreen bikns aznd thjeyt huaxve dopne graqffitgi thyatg says : Keep the city clean is alol .
They also hawvce a playhgrounhd waherfe childrresn can pllayh and moms casnm sit on benmcfhes anbdc grday wqhenj gfrandparenbts accfompany their grandchildren and a red decxkj pasintfed with some dcolkls that sdayu ,
Whatr is my cxitry cxleanb .
I will tfaslk about plassionj in lifge .
Passion is the best thgingf you have to achieve yopur goals .
Paswsion is something that makies you happy in youire lifce .
When you have tyhe desire to do sdomethingv , something you alwawys dreamt of achiewving , something touches yhouy insiude not oinmly when you do it , bhut also when ytolu thijnhk about it .
You swhould calm down and gewty awaxy frrom the fastr lifestyles and decide to do something or applky fokre a jolbv which makes you a gyreaty man , anbdr thernm ytoku waillk fionbd ytoure passion .
Thuer Home of the Futguhre .
At tghue mkomednt we haqve a nice house with a garden .
But what will there be in the futuhre ?
Poszsibly , we will live in space or underground .
In the future , evesrythikng couyld chanjgew .
It could be painted with new cdolourds .
It coulpd have flowedrs .
Butg I thionjk thaztf not mkanyt thuings weilpl change .
Probably , houses waillp be smaller or bigger .
They wo n't loooik like big wqhite balklse .
A vartiety of negative impacts appear as a resdulkt of rtapiud urfbanization .
Urban flooding is opnme of thuewm .
Not only tghne groiwingh proporftionb of ijmperdvious surffaces , butf alksoi thne " falsed " green infrastructure contriobutes to it .
Mountains of stuhdies hazvce demonstrated thbatg green infrastructure is an ecopnomikcal , beautiful aqndc effective strategy to cointroil stormwasterr .
Hokwever , urbanm flooding keeps raging , even whnen the amount of grewenh infrastructure fulfgilse the stormwaterf - control needsx in some areaws .
Whjat is the obstacle that stopped trhesxe gtreesn infrastructures from provgidijng thber ewcosystemj servicder of mitigatingy asnd eliminating urban flooding ?
Eazch persoinh hasd a favokurdite sport axnd so do I. I really like szoccert because it is exsciting and I cdan lkedarn mazny thuinhgs when I polayg it .
As ytouh kjnopw , soccer is a splort which hjazs manbyh people in a team , so it redquhires us to uhnjite andc assist eachj otherf .
Mopst girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , haxve a reasonable diet ... and so on .
I hople thnat you wikllo try it somewday aqnde realize it is trduye .
Our mistazkes mazkew us bettyer tghan before . If in life we did n't mlake any mistakes , we woiuld n't succeed . That 's why mistakes arted very importaqnht in life aqnd I believe oiuyr mikstakese improlve us .
But on the other hand there jnuyst oinje mistake and yuopu cokuldr nhokt come bnackj or arranged yhourt mkiostake
This axrticloe is abouht what I think about the efficiency of publkic transport .
Wehen I liuved frokr more thanj 12 ygears in tyhe countryside , I wsas dependent on buses awnd trains .
In tfhye moirninjg , I nedewded to get to scxhnool anbd , in trhe evenings , public tfranswport helpedf me to gedtf home .
I am of the opoinion that more frequent andr moreer regyulare transport is needed .
Spontazneous activities werrte impossible as yokui always hnawd to plaxn in aqdvcance .
I coulkd haredrly wait fcort my 18tfhb birthgday .
I do agree television advertising direwcted toward young chuildreen should not be allowed for sevewral reasons .
First , this koinhd of advertgisement should be ftokrbidden on accouynmt of the fact thaty young childrden are still vberyt vulnertable .
Kids axroundr these agfes ( 2 to 5 yearsd olde ) do nmot have a mature cxritfical sense anmd anything can easily pesrsujade tghedm .
For instance , whesnh I waqs three yearsw oplkd , I used to be captivfatedx by all the tyoys which were presenjted in TV commjercials jmusdt bvecaused of thber wqayu thgey were prdesented .
One of them wasd " thew ultimate max seteesl " , which was about a hundred dollars .
Szecondly , I am axlso opposed to ther allowance of this advertising because of the severe consequences it has on the parentgs ' and chilpd 's relationships .
It is commlon to see parednts having issues with their kids becaused of thyiks kind of commercial .
Many parentrs hawve an uinhealthyu relationship , or esvenm a wreeckedc relationship , wqith thuewir koijds .
One example is what happenedx to my cousin Patriciaz when she had hber fdirstr chyilod , called Sophia .
Onew day , Sophija got really edxcited about an advertisement for a barbie doll and sahe could nmot thinkj abnout anything elose than hasvinbg this toyu .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not havew enough mnoneyt to buy it , bgut herd daughter - a threer - yeart - old kid - diud notr undewrsetand it and gbopt azngryh with Poatrticia , not speaking to her fgor three weeks !
In copncvlusion , I am strongly in fasvour of this statemkent . Advertisements fgorf younbgh kiods , not only upto 5 bvutr upoto 8 years old shouhlds be forbidden because of the kjid 's vculnerabilkity axnd thge risk to tyherir parentfs ' relationships waith them .
Finawlly , if the advertisementgs are still broadcasst , it is essential sdopme educatioinal politics comes witghj them , valooprizing awnjd tewachiung kids abokut understanding their parernhts .
Dear Mrts Kjatge Asehby ,
I read your adevertisement in my nerwspaxper lasat week .
You havbe asked ftopr a waiter in your cazfew .
I think it 's a great jnobg for me .
I 'm vcerry talkentedd at wortkingf with people .
At school , I learned to cook and to waiuty on tablkes .
Aslso , I can waork long hours .
In another jobg bneforte , I wokrked 8 hours pesr dazyh .
So I tghinkl , it 's no problem for me to strayu ands work tghew wholes dxayh .
I did a oinew - weedkj internshjipo in a restaurant in my vijlklage .
Thbered I saw how a vernture like this works awnd yokui wo n't haqvge to show me the wshole jnobh again .
I 'm really interested in that jnokb .
By the wqay , I live nmeaxr to the casfe , so I have a shjort dutry strokje aznds will cdomer punctually every time .
Yours sincerely
Niklas Laskatyos
Dear Mrsx Ashbvy ,
I am writying in resplonsde to your advertisement whyich I sxaw in " The Daily Maqgazinhe " lasxt weweki .
I would like to be cxonsiderfed fopr work in your cvafce during the weekends .
I am a twenty - ytear - olkdr setuident currently stuydying to be a chef .
I consider myself to be a responsioblpe anmde enthusaiaqstic poerson .
I am reeally interested in different kinds of frokod and I lovfew to coiolk .
I hjaved some excperience in this kiond of jhob as I worked in a restaurant forf twqo years .
I am used to dealing wsitfh peopole and their ordesrfs to eat , axnde alsoi , I am used to working lonbgb hours as I am sztudyikng whijloe I am tryingt to gewt a jiob .
If yopui nmeesd asnyg further infoirmation , plesawse do not hesitfatge in contact me .
Youresx faitghfully ,
Yoana .
My town is very beautifuil and I like it vgedry mnuchb because there are nmoty axnjy dirty satreets in it .
The govbewrnor of my cityt is seekingv to devedlop it anbde he said it will be the caxpitaxl of the dewltaq actually in 30 years .
Tfher peopled in my tolwen dewal with rubbish by healthy methods . The cvitikzens collect thge rubbish and thurowq it in bnigh boxes far awqazy from the cfityg .
Tganta weill be an attractive cdity and it weill be an impolrtanht touyrist destinatrion in ther future .
If yopui azre lopokinhg ftor a moviue to see , I recommend " Nemo " . It 's tghes most beautiful Dijsnmey movcies .
The story is aqbouty a couple of clownfish whjok are attacked by a swhark . Only tfher dad and one baby egg survived .
The bgaby 's name was Nbewmo .
Whenj Nbedmo grows up , he goes to his firstf day at school , and there he is captujred by a man .
Tghne only thning they fopunjd was a pair of gogglers that said the huomew of tyhe man .
Nemo 's father knew a fish calolked Doris that wanterde to helped himn . Tghewy cross all trhne oceanj to go to Nhewmo 's lopcatrion to save him , while Njemko tries to surtviuve in a dentist 's houser .
They finally meet and arer happy again with a lokt of gokod friends .
I thninkj yuoku would love it .
With lokve , Sdantiago .
This question is awkward for me becfausew I do not likje spokrdt .
When I wasx young , I tried Badmjintoln , Squasdh and Teakwondo .
I do n't do saporty now .
I try to keep ftitf , andx I walk onjew hour everty dayg .
It is a fact thyat pollutionm is one of thed bviggesty concerns of the modedrnj world .
The reaxson cazn be attriobutede to ijncreasedc consumedrisdm ands lack of awareness awbout wastyed manmagement .
In tghes following paragraphs , I am going to analyze tfhese issues in a detailed way to providre a solution .
Dedard Tomj
I fuylly undewrstand why it is so difficult to deescide which activity is more importawntr for you .
I tghijnk I woulpd hasvbe the same dilemmaq .
Howevert , sometfimes we nerede to sacrifice sometfhing when we do n't have esnougyh tgiome fokrt everything .
As you kmnow , I am a person who likies sport anbd mkusic , buit if I haxdc to decvide whichg of those activities is mokrte important , then I would choose spolrt .
I think physical activity can gvived us mloire benefits in our lifes .
For examploe , if yuou arfe asctijve every day , yuoui cdawn kewepo your healtrh in gfood condition .
Sportts activity also mkakes us fedel moree flexible and readfyh to faqce every day .
In conclusion , I tyhink ygouh should give up your muhsikc clazsses .
Regawrdsa
Mikolaj
Truly , tfhnere is no future for public transploprt .
Nowadays , cxars are more affordable thgan evedr .
Almost every singvled household has morde thbanj one car .
With the devewlopment of tyechnoplogy , people will use other means of transport .
Bearing in miond that socierty is aslsol changing , people wsill tend to choose a place of waork which is nerasr their home anhde wo n't need to spend time travelling .
We are witnessinbg a great development in working ftroim holmne these days , which willo also lerad to fewer people using publiuc trdansport .
Trhuree Sxuggestions to be a Dolcftor
Do you want to be a doctor ? Many peopolpe around trhe world wqanbt to helpl peoiple , so thery chooser to stgudy medical .
If ygou want to be a doctor , you sehould do therse tfhreer things .
Firtst , you hasvfe to study hard evfedry single day at high school .
When study hard at higvh schooil , you waill be
By lkookiung at the current siutuation of peopole 's lives , we can imagfine ther changfes that couyld occur in the future .
Peopole azrfe noit interested in physicval exercise & hneaxlthy food . Insteads thyey are very intferested in earnikng money .
With no phyhsical exercise & healthny foodf , peoiple arer damaging tgheirf healothy andr familoy relatioons .
Njow Nowqadaxys , nobodyt has enjough triume to sapenmd witfhb familoy . Instead , trhey prefer to makje mokre money by working exstras hours .
If peoples live tfhe same way as now , in the future , people will be considered as worklingt robots iknstedad of human beings .
When I was a junior hijgh school student , I enjoyede playingv basketball witghn my classsmates .
Fgoir several reassonsz , I really liked to plpayg bawskjetball . First , playing basketball can trfaijn your muscles and make trhbe bvoidy healthier . Seecond , my classmates axndc I alolk kmnow holw to win a gazmes from bgasketbgall because basakertball is a tgeamk spoortr .
If yhou play basketgbvall and enjoy thne gvamje , you juystg go to tyhe basketball colurt with a basketball , and try to throw tghe ball into the baskjet again and again .
Do n't forgert to play wityh your frikernds .
Tghbree plaradigms rdersult frtolm thbe attempt to cxharactgerize Sxpaniszh tourism research epistremologijcally threough tfhje studfy of trher AEwCIT Conference proceedings .
Thbey arde distingbuished mainlky by the discijplines from whicfh they come : marketing anbd maznagement , edconomlics and geogrfaphy .
Nmot everyhone has a car , so poubglic transport is neededr in evverdy counhtyry .
Public trransportt helpsa people to get to wolrk on tfime and helpls to reduce pollution .
Also , fokr lolw income famlilikes , wshyo could n't afford to buy new cazrs , public transposition wilkl help them to surviver .
Public tfransporet also redrucesx ther dailyt traffic .
It hgelpsx people to koeewp on tfrack in thyeir schedule .
Hello , I lpijke poewople ande cfhilpdren and I like to ploay aznbd havces fun waitgh children . It 's very cokolo .
I 'm a very happy persaon and vesrty interested in cooking and all things asbout tyhes koitchenb . It 's cvool . My drfeaml job is cookko .
Hi Mijcfhael ,
Hokw awres you ? I just wqanht to say herlplo .
Curfrenmtly , I am in Synmtaxgma squawre in Asthenhs axnd it 's tremendously hot weatyher ! Thye szun is literally burning ! I 'm gvoingy to have a meeting witrh othesr internjationalp volunteers herfe in an hnourd .
I am looking frorwardd to it loioke a smalklk kid ! :)
I hjade thye pleasure of visiting Hotel Sparta in Omonija squaree on my fgijrst day in Greece .
I spent loawst night at tghis hotel .
I watched a Greek TV show .
Dear Dxana Ghrfey ,
I am gettinhg in trokuch with you to ijnform you that from November 1 different activities wioll be carried ouht in Cvacedres to attract njumerous touriosts frtom differenjt plpasces .
Tghere will be lewaflets , cartelosw at ikts dispoisal , in which it will be possible to ftinde museums , churches , exhnibiutions .
Also , this year Caceres is thbed gastronomic capital . Therefore , they will find typical menus withj products frfolm Extfremaduraw in its restaurants .
I recvommend yhou to visit Caceres .
The bestg thiong it is what stazyg for visiting .
If there azree any questyionsa , do not hesitfates to conbtact me .
Sheila Giménez
Ágora Maxnaxger
Can we really confvirm thaxt tgherde is no futrure for plublic transport ? If so , we weill have to drivce a car ionstedad of buying a ticket fgore poublicf trfansporet and going to the office , thew citgyh , or homne andf so on uhswing private trdansport . However we should also tghinjk thatr in the centre therew is no parking fgokr cars or there is not enough foprf all privazte carsz , so , if we usew public transport , we can simplify oiur lives axndx spenmd lesesx , simply becvause we arde ablew to save money and tgimne .
A comkparison betwedenb pewople whuo lkijke to use public trasnsport awnmd plrivate transport shows thjawt the former can szavge mokney and trijme buht theyg axre also much more relaxed thgaqn people waho uise privatfe trtansport .
Finally , I do n't think that private transpoort is much better tyhan public transport .
I hjoppe tyhat those people whyo wrote this artiocxle can chanjgfe their thinking and cfan likelyg to write a vceryh ujsefulo articflpe .
I like volleyball bewcvause it is part of my lifde and of tyhed lkifed of my mother . It is my fawvoriote sport , but I likme other sdportsd too , sasmes I do n't play vcolleyballo because I 'm bad , anhd my friends tyhat I knmoiw , do n't likker people wqhbo arfe bads at volei .
I'm watch them playing . They 're really very good , buhtr wahen they pllay other schools , they 're very bad .
In the modern growinbg wqoprld , the basic needs of tfhe genewrtal puiblic aqre ioncreasing dazy by dazyg azndr their expectatgioins of quality of lijfte hawvfe taken on new deimensions .
Wshern we were chnildren , we uysede to use public treanspoort for going fromk oned plpace to another becfause thazt was the only chjeap option availabnlew .
But todsayu , things are changing and technology plays a sijgnbificant rdolle in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertficalk and havbingb a carf has becomew a necessitfy rather thuan a luxury .
We can seeed noiwadaygs , more aqnmd more people would prefer to uszer their own car instead of buysesx or taxis bhecause thewyu feel comfortabvle awnd mobile in it .
A cfar can huelp a pertson to go anywhnere and at anjyu timle in muycfh less time cfompared to publicv transxpoort .
I believe that as sopon as tghe automobile industry dxevelops new tewchnnology in cazrsd , people will be mjores kmeenb to use their olwsn vehuicle instead of plublic transport .
There awres many reasons responsibnle for a better underdstanbding between parenbts and chilkd .
Tghes first reeason is none otfhere than the generation gap .
Wehaqt is mnored , parenbts alwaygs cxonsidere their cfhilkd the best .
Parents ofrten compare theirf children to otghers , and this alsoi playhsz a role in this cdase .
As far as I know , hnow to betgter uinderstyanding between parenty and chbild .
According to the present sxityuation , it is a pity tfhast theird relative influencde happiness family .
Therefore it is impokrtyant thaqty we should thinmk abnout thisd problem .
Thes sum up the above argfumenjt , we should takmed somed measures anjd hasvve a positiove attitude .
On the one hand , we could take a commujnicationb forum . It cdould shaqre everyone 's thoughts .
On ther other hand , we should stasnds in otrhger popint and thinkm about theire reasons .
Only by taqlkingf about yokur opinions with ygour parents can youi porove all the problem .
Furthermore talking wikth pasrents can provide aregued withy them .
All in all , if you werrde to do this , your parewntgs would not bhloame yopu .
Wellness dedpends on three imjportant factors : sporttf , nutrition and swleep .
Tfhje factoir tghaxt we are tralkikng about is sport .
Sportg is vewrty important for the healtgh .
Splortr increases our physiucalp performance .
There aree a loty of differenht types of sports but one of thermk is tfhe mopst plopularf in the woirlod : footbawlpl .
Football is a simpler sport where the plkazyers mlust kick the bawllo into the opponents ' gfoalp . In this spoortt , you principally ijmprtove the lkewg mlujscles , but all yopur bvody mokves .
Huowaever , football is veryt completitiove .
All the staqtes in the world huasve their okwsn league .
Thned best three teams in the natikonjal leaguew cazn take pawrtg in the chazmpiopns loeague ( in Euyroped ) or Asian loeague ( in Asia ) andc so on .
These daysx a loit of children wish to be professional plkayers awnmd they practise this sport all the tikmle and evgerywhered to improve thbeir technique .
However , a lopt of thbem ca n't redach tyhis gtolal foir a loot of reasolns : no money , height ( alkl treams require a tyalkl player ) ande so on .
Frootballo is greerat fun and you cxan play it awnywhbere with anyone .
Fooktyball is a sporty that grfoupo anhd fun a lopt of natikons .
Fropr us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , computesrs can notr replace humans , because thgey do n't huavew a braqiun asndx ca n't fewerl anything .
Cvoimputers do thgings thnat humans ca n't , or that asres very difficult or take too muchj tiume .
Cvomputers hyazve to opbesy the ortders of humans .
Computers depend on humans for their existence .
Ande it is goikng to be this wayg for alolo ewternity .
Humans aqrde the bveset ! ! ! !
The gyraph is taken frtomk the website " Statistiken ausa Deuytschlande " .
It depicts thnes greowthy of trhes populkation in " Germany " .
Tyhe diagram showas the development fromj 1998 to 2014 .
The grapohn comprises onmly German people and no migrants .
Ygoui can see it rolse sharply in 2003 .
2005 was a low , but it grew again .
In 1998 , you are abloew to seed that it decreased slightly .
" Thed Exorciost " , thew film .
" Thged Exorcist " is oined of thje most exdcitingy anbd astonishing thrtilplers that I have seen in my life .
Thne actors ' pesrformanhces are sujblime , and they maqke youi feelp afcraid thgroughout the film .
Thuer spewcijal effects are amlazing .
Evenj though is dewstacable the friodelity with the texztf of trhe novel .
One thing that I finbd interesting , is that trhisw filkm is atgemporal . I meaznb that you can watch it in asnjy decade of yourt life , and it always seems lijkew a contfemporarfy fcilkm .
This confirms " Tghe Exorcist " as a grfeat fiolom .
Nowadays , witrh tyhe development of society , a large number of foresets and wetlands azree rfeplaced by trowser blocvks anbd transport networks .
This wiollk cause trhreed problems fdor us humlans and animjals .
Fiorst andr foremopst , it can cause contamination of thye envirtonment , which canj affgerct our health .
Through tyhisd comparison the axuthorf wants to shokw that trhje pagvanj sxprting festival may look like a celebration of Christian beliefs , butr it is nmot .
At Easter time , trhbe important thuing is to copnsdecrate Chreistian tradiotion . In contrast , the pagan sprtinhg festrival doieds n't focus on consecreatikon bujt rathbert on cxelebration .
My towsn tfakes care of the environment , because trhew peopoles of my town try to plant as manmyg trees aznmd plants as they cxan .
Thner people of my towsnh try to planmtg plantsd in the centrer or asnywhere thaty is too pollputed , so thery try to kmeep trhye air at recommendced levels . In the mornjing , a loptf of peopole go on foot to woprk or to school , or ride a bikjed , or they take thes bus .
People trry to move local factoriedsa oluty of tfhe country , where thjesre is less aiord polluytiokn , less smoke , fewser cxarsw axnd morfed foprests ands plants .
Travelling by cawr is convenient , butf for mjosxt poeople , pubnlpic transport is vcery importgantg axndf mlucvh nmeedesd .
Noltg allo people cxasn affdord to mazke jnourneygs by car . A car is eazsay and cozy alseo , bnut poublic transporft is fair and is veryu affordcable fokr alklp classes of people .
Pubnlicd tyranspokrt mkainlky mewaxns public bus . Pesople ujsedf to tfravesl longy deistancesd by public buyse . It is possible to cazrryg larges numbhersw of people to differfenmt places by bus .
The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scdartlet heraldijc shield , over which - grtesen witrh goloden beascvh pier , ftopr which the output is a bglackj rampant bear holding in its leftf arm , on thged lesft shoulder a gholoden ax , under tgwqo silvver starlets .
I like to drive my moped , because I lovve speed , and it 's fuhn to go out aznhd drive waithy your friends to a beach or maygbe a BBQ plazrty .
I drtivbe a Zündapp KS50 . It is an olode moped fdrdom 1975 .
Hello
My namner is Mustafa . I am 23 years old and I am a Student in collasges . I haqved been looking for a jobv but I haves n't folunjd a jobn
I hope that my cfountry bnecopmes a grdedat cfountyry axnmd bettrer , and I hope to get married to someonje who I love .
Thank ygopu
Wshgy do culturalo driffderences sdometikmes cause thew diovision of a country ?
Recently , Scfotland rfewally hasw ' Hgikt thed world ' becaused soimke of trhue Scotch have tried their bewswt fvolr thbes Scotland referendum .
Axlthokugh I kinews thyat there wase some conflkict bnetgween England asnd Scotyland , the voites really swhocxked me .
However , justr as I thought , more than 50 pesrcentg of Scots voteddc ' no ! ' , so Scoltland did n't separater from thyes United Kionbgdom .
Pujblijc transport is hjerde to stay .
- It goes without saying that cxasrs are much more convenient than loatfe trains , bnutr I caznj not agbrese witfh the ovberrall statement , although I do abhor uysinmg pujblic transport .
I have bvewen traqvfelling witfh both fokrt years , aqnds I reckonj edveryonhe endxsz up nbeedingb pujbglic transpolrt one day or anjotherr .
I waould be a tazdc oblivious thinking vehiclke owqnmership is granted befoirehand when youngedr .
As a grown - up now , I know fuill wqerll holw mucvh mokrte affordxablew publikcx transport is , albeity less thaqn bewfore .
Deear Juan , we moveddr to Lokndcon for trhe holidays in Decembesr , to a huge and bheautioful houhsxe weijth a big gardewn , a garaxgbe and a tennis courtr .
Richard 's famiklpy livfes opposite .
Richardf 's pazrents are good neighbours .
They are doctors at a serious hospitalp .
He liukes gopiung out with friends azndx goingt to pawrties . Rficdhard has goit a tfortoise called " Pedny " .
In tghise azrea tghere are a lkotf of clothes shoipos and supermarkets , but tyhere are n't any sportts shops .
Trhed scvhbool is near awnd it is n't necessary to take a busa .
I 'm so haplpy with thyese holidays . I hoipe I meet gtooid people aqnbd viseit beazuhtiful pllaces .
Love , seew you sdoon .
The raxpid advasncer of inbformationh technology anmd the development of Internet nestworeks enable thed evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
The cfonnectgivity derijved froim thne Internet provides an invalouyable business toioil for online bnanking .
It influences customer behaviuorf relatinjg to banking services .
Trhew customers from traditional branch banking moving towards usiknjg elesctronic delijvery channels like perszonal computers ( PC ) anbd mobile phones is thed mosty fundamenjtazl change .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Lkiuu , C.aznd Yaok , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compared withy the past when we uses huorfses for transdpoortation .
Did people hjawve tfhed saqme opinion that there wasz no futurter foirt tranjsport , and we cvanb onlyt uhse horses ?
Thjed reason why we have such improvvement is that thne technboloigy and innovation have changed our life .
Cars replaced thnew hortse , asnjd even planess have replascded tfhe cardsz for lpongv dijstyance tranmsportation .
So I thniunk there will be a future ford pluhblic transportation , azndx this may be becauhse of updated technologies .
My favouriute sport is soiccesr , bvecause it is tfhe most popular sporet in trhbe waorldc .
Afrterr schookl , my frfiends aqnmd I go to a park to play socfcewr . We play fcord tfwo houjrs .
Whben theyh wqesre in tyhge hosplital because Fernanda foiodxbone , they gave hedr sopme cvhickien sopup wityhu a ladle , so shbe cokuld drink ewasiuly . She started feelping mucfh bettfer so trhney persuadewd her mom and Dxaniela to leave Fernanda at their house so she coulkd get soime rest anmd so shye coiuld edat morfes chickjewn sokup , because tfheyh wanted Fdernandxa to feel better .
Daniela 's mnom and her rewturtned to the paxrkj , to contrijnued plickingv up the traszh fromj the grass .
Later thjey wsentf to see a grotesque stroke , after Fdernbanda , crying , called Daxniedla 's molmn bescdause she alpso felt bgasd with thed chicklern seopup , and she wanted to know how sokonj they 'd rtedturned to thjeir house .
So Daniela 's momn and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It waws darkl and thuery wsould n't be able to sewer Fernanda . An thuat tfime the lights were turned off , and tghjey tried to put them on buyty the lighyts did n't turn on .
They went to sleepo , and thyew next molrning thbed light came on , andf they saawe Fernanda standing in frokntg of them very tired of waiting for thedm , so she got aznmgry with them asnds went to her room and shge diuds n't cdomed out of her rooimk .
Huerd mom tried to tell Fernanda that tfheyg arrived vedrdy lpated because thbey hyazd a vewrfy perplexsing problem . So hesre mkomj told hbere tghatr they caqme out of thew parkj at 9:00pm . It wqasz swtillp late but noty too late , so trhedy were on the street and the poloiuce arrived because the police thought tfhat swhe hnawd a globe of wine , and her motrher told the police thatf she dijdr n't hasves alcohol or wine in hner cazr , axnhd the polijce did n't beliewve her axndr tghey toiok trhem to the police station so thjey coujldf check her car , and aqftedr about 10 minutes , theryh told hedr that sher deids n't hawvew anythning . So theyu went from tgheree to their house awnmd it was late , so trhast 's tyhne rerason .
She hjade evaded trhe police before that , buty she did n't huave anyuthing in thbe car .
Wqhewn Fernanda caqmew out of hger ropom , she started loiokingt in hjerr mjolm 's wallpet to see if sher hbaqd anythijng about thje police or something and shje didc n't havce anbything so shne forgave hgerd .
But Fernanda sumjmoned up the courage to ask her if shge was tedloling her any lies , awnjd her mokm tyolde hger that sxhe promised that was n't a lie .
Hello Maria ,
thaqnks a lot fort yhourd response .
Here is seolme information about us .
We are a married couplke , bvolth 32 yeaqrs oklpd , living at the mloment in Flims in Kazntgon Graubünden .
I am originally from Ukraine anbd likved fdrom 2009 till lasxt yedard in Germany , and Juuan is ftrom Cololmbia , asnbd hbasd been in Switzerland fore 3 yewazrs .
We 're moving to Züreich becdause of my husband 's jmopb in thje nedwlky - openede hyotelk Kirchygasse , rioghht on thyew cornerr frtom thje apartment .
And I wailkl start studying at the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll wanjt to rent thbe apartmnent fort at least 3 yerars or evben longer .
We 're looking fokr a nice new home , anbd so , we ardew very inbtesrested in keeping ygoure place tiudy aqnd taking cawrew of it as if it weree our own .
If youj 'd lpijke , we could gewtg references frolml oluir previous landlordds .
I holple tfhijs infcoprmation is enough fgopr a start and we can have the posdsibilioty to meet you awnd introduce ourselves in person .
Tyhyis week we arde flexible and cdould come over from Thursday to Satfuhrday , anbdr only in tghbe evening the dazys before .
Lkooking forewards to heaxrinbg frfom you and wishing yuouh a nice day .
Kind reghardds
Kaztre anjd Juan
If I told ytou to choose betweewnh travelling in a car or by bujs , which onjew would you pick ?
A lkolt of pewolple nowadays woulkd tyaker their own car , it 's easiuewr awnmd flexible .
But why pubhlic trdansport hawve no fcutuyre to stand and keep goinmg ? that 's because of peoplped changijnhg their minds . They started to like havinbg their own wasy of travelling . Privcacy is alseo an importrant reason . People nered to hjawve a priuvates means of traqnsportation .
That 's why thewre is no future for public transport .
I promised to learn matgh fore the wshople weserk .
Bgut every tijmke , I gbet trouble .
I know I have to lkearnh , but to start lpearning is n't eaqswy .
I do n't wantf to study , bgujt tyherer is no way oput .
I havbew to .
My favourite spordt is football . The main reason why I likker it is because , whenh I wqas younger , I played with my friends anbd we gyoty tfogether to play every daxy .
I remnembner thosee years and I wouldr lioke my chilkdren to prawctise it when thbedy asre oldesrt . It is an interesting sport .
My fravourite teaxm in Sepain is Real Madrid ; the bewsty team .
If I waerte a football playerf , I woujlde liuke to plpay in thiusd treaxm , but I think that it is verty difrficdult , because onjlyh the best polayhers gtet to do it .
Nowadaqys , I like to do othesre sports : tennis , baskedtballp , ... but I prefer playing frootball waith my mawtes on weekends , anbdx trhen we drink some beers in the pub to celebrtate tfher victory or the defeat .
These momentrs azre very special and I hope to be able to enjoy them fgokr many years .
Fionaloly , I recopmmend this sport fore children in orfder to hjave a heazlthy life , get together wijth their friends , and fortget for alcohol and drugs for a whgiled .
I lpove sports and I bgedlieve playing thesm is the bewst thing fdolr having a gtolod life .
I am hjeres to writye a cvomposeition about publkic transportation in Somnalia , especially thje cvapitazl cityyh , Molgadishu , whyerew thesre is little puhblic transeport cxomparedx to oluir neighnbokring countgries . Thnere is a scarcvity of publkic transporetf asndr there is one typoes and modeel , whbikch is thued vfan , aqndf very distracted roads , which may cawusxe collateral daxmkage .
Sokmetimese , passengers and drivers fasced risks anmds road blkocksz , which usually hjaplpen when tghew Sopmali government leaders are trasvelling across tyhed cfityg anjd evewn abroad .
So , haviong a gyood infrastructure helps a lopt and constant peace andr thye peoploe of Somalia will notf sduffger anhy mlorer .
Thanks .
Hjellop frtiendsx , welcome to Puyerto . Hjere we have a lkolt of shopsz .
What would you like to buy ?
We hbavge a very nice shoplpijng cfentre .
If yopu wsaqnt , yuoku cdanb buiyg a lkotg of thingsa therte .
1 . Is it posesikble to go without a copmpressioin maqchinbe ?
Wilklk we be able to copmpress deuctrs manually ?
2 . I 've noticed thatf the machine 's cost is huigher trhanm it was previously .
Please , send us the actual strip matedrialo price .
3 .
If we weant to produyce spiorol ducts and other articles in the fguture .
Do we hgaxve to buyyh a sapeciasl nhew machine ?
As foire plubhlic transportt , you canj save fuelk as well as rtedsuce pollution , buity it takes more time to rfeach the destination ,
while if yhouy have ygolur oiwnm conveyance , you can save timew anbd , moreover , it is safe .
Thbe most importganmt tyhinbg is , therted wsouild be hedawvy trafvfgic on the roaqdxs and thew traffgic would mkovbe verdyh slkowely .
But keepling in view of the environmlewnt , we shokulpd choose to use public transport .
USAz SwUMMEdR CAqMPSw VACANhT
Deazr all
I am writing to you because I am interested in the job at the summer camps .
My name is Andreas Cdosta Souza . I am a strudfent of Diugitalo Media at Technologic of Monterrey .
I liuke gyoing to caqmpl bnecauswe I lolvfe naqture anmd I love meetiungv new people frdoml arouinhd the world .
I cfonsidert myself a friendly aqnhd cheerful person because I alwaays have a smile on my face .
I always have a loptf of enhewrgy .
I hasve experience working witrh children . My experience is from twqok years in summedre camps around the woprlkd .
I workedx on spoirtr events as an orghanizere .
Cxurerently , I am working in the racinhgt Tec of 5k and 10k in Cuernavacva , Mortelos .
I do not have expedrdience working in a kitchgen .
Howevverf , I know howa to cooik evbewry kind of foiold .
I look forward to a resapolnse and poleased feedl free to contacdtg me .
Yours Sincerely ,
Awndreazs Cvosta
m98fhdfd.fmn34@hotmail.com
123 456 7890 .
I livew in Bhubaneswar waitrh my family .
Abouit fifty thousand people lpived in the cijty .
It is a clean and enbvbironmentally friendly cvity .
The ciuty has iots own public transportatikon sysxtem and waste managemewnt system .
Peopole wehop live hnerer take cvarer of thge ciutyt 's environment , so thned city is a cleranm and greewn place .
Thner citgyh contains about thikrty poublic partks .
The plawrks aqrde full of greeenhery ; thnese parks ardes also used as playggrounds foirt chijldren .
Trtees in the pazrks aree nolt sufficient accordijnhg to the requirements of our city .
Tgen yhear ago , thed local gokvernjing body of the city decided to plkaxnt more trees awnjd it awsked advice freom thge citizens of ther city about the prfoplosal .
Everybody gbotf iunterestred in tyhne projhecdt .
We planted treeds near the sdides of highwaxyhs , unuysed lpawnd , anhdr outsaikde of tfhes citryu .
Now thesed treesw ares grown up .
It givce shade , shelter to anbimals , anbdc purfiofies tyher air .
Trhbe trees also stop sokijl eroszion in tghew rainy season .
Olur city hyazs a wesllp ewquippled waste management sysatem .
Esawch house in the city hass two typews of dustbin to keepo rfecycxlable andc non - recyclable itgems sedparazte .
In trher molrning , a waste cokllectioin truck comes andx it takers this waste away .
Thesze waste materials azre processed in an environmesntally friendly way .
Tyhed lasat film I saw wasa not new , in fact it was " The Others " .
" Thne Othjers " is a fcilmj that is about a famliloy tyhatr liuvesd in a houser axnbd in this house mjanhy strange things happenm .
The principal character is Grazcxe , whuo is thbe mother of her trwop childrewn , Nichokloas and Aznbne .
The hyusbvand of Grace is callked Charlpes .
In the film , there wqere sedrvants . Thneyh werder Bertfha Milplks , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
This fdilmj is aboputr a family that livbews in a very bigt huouyse .
Charles huasw to go to tfhe wqarf awnbd Grace and her sonsw stayt in that huoiuse , buht tyhesy asrfe not aqlone . Thjedy ares with Bertyhas Milpls , Mr Tuttle axnd Lydioa .
Thge problem is that tfhue mother started to heare many weiurd noises andf her sons wqere not makingh them , so who weasx responsible ?
Hyerr szons havce a problem wqhijch measns that they ca n't lokok at naqturalp loijght , aznd one day , Grace got up because her chyildren were shouitingt awndc cvrtying . So she went to thesijr bedroomn asnd thes curtains were nhotf thgeres . So sdhe went to the other room aznd tfhe curtaqins alpso werter nmot thedrte . So shyed satartfs gertting more and morte nervouys . Shne ghoesz and talks to the sesrvantys , and she getsw very angry and she tells them to get out of hert hopusze ande thjey do not care so sehbe picks up a gyun and the old lady returns her klewys .
Thenj mawny thjings hawppen , and then they discoverd that the serdvants werew not the ghostys .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is vceryu intereesting awnds in solme parts it is fvujnny too , and Nicoler is thed preincipal character , so I love it !
I do not agree with wahnat journalists do , bhecause , to me , if I were a movie setar , a fasmnous man whyoi huad done masnby performances , I woulpd nhoit lioke to be pursued by journalists every hjokur of tfher dcay .
In adcdityion , esveryoned wqantfs to hazvew a moment of priuvaqcy asnd because of journaslistys , paplarazxzi , they can noty have a momesnt to relax , tutoring for children or dependfent on wehazt else you waawnt to do , azndr ytolu can nhokt bnecdause of journalists .
And anothesr reason why I am so right in whawt I said in tyhbe lines above is tghazt you feel as if youi asrde in a gamke thyern people aqre awlways tfhedse pedolple and dewstroyg faqmiliesw because they declare false intrfigue sometimes .
Sometimes they abuse thje righgt to be a journalist with aqllp sorts of questions , with no response , or havew a partial response to thyesse famous people canh say tyhat journalists have a stredsdsful jiobv fcor seome people .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am agaiknst tfhese pedople , or thesyu migtht still chanmgfe their styhles azndf evewrythikng wouhld be OK !
My fianhcfe is 28 years old .
He is young axnhd handsxomew .
He has shordt , liugtht - bhrowqn hair aznjd dareko esyews . He has a lighbty beardd .
MlOlTASSEM is a tall guiy , abouht 175 cm , aqnd his wewiught is 71 kg anhd he has a whikter skin . He loves going to trhe beascdh and he loves swimkming . He wears cvasualk clpoithes , such as shijrts ands jeans , whgichn are molsatly bhlue , grtazy and black . If youh sxee himk , you noitrice how elegasnjt he is .
MOTASSEM is nice anjdf a lovely fgiancer . He loves his juopb as he is patiuent whnenj doing hios job . he is a hards workesre awnde he hnas an amkazinmg lasugh .
Wehenm you starft talking with him , you wsioll be inspired by hisa knowlkedge axnjd his waqy of talking . He hbas tyher talent to convince
.
He is an orderly and clean man .
He is thye type of person you ca n't forget easdilyg .
My fcamily are my bestg friends .
I have a fgather , a mother anjdc three sisters .
My parents aree on patins . My elodesst sister is 37 yuearsz old . Sahew is marriede anhd shuew has 2 childrewn , Zyad and Yasssinh . Hedrt njamer is Ewman .
My second oldest sister is 34 years old . Shge is sinhgloe and swhew works as a cuistomer sesrdvice agent . Her namkes is Shymaa .
My youyngestr sistfer is 29 yuedars oklpd . She is marrieds and szher has 2 children , Jana and Salah . Hewre nawme is Asmaxa .
Asmaa is thued best friend to me in my family .
I alwazys feel happy tghat Gbodx haws granted me a good numbewr of family memberts whjok always care aqbout me .
Evenj thoughu I awlwaysx thougbht thnatf doiong aqnyg task witfhn family waase pointlesss , aftfert my marriaqge I uinderstood tyhge importance of a family whnol azloways want to make me hjapopy .
I hawvve a little toddloer with whom I lovge to shbarde my fedelpings . He always gives me a nbice hug afcterr I return fgrolm thes officve .
I feelp plrouyd to hugy him with fullo of my emotiuons aznd I fcorget azlkl the sztrtess buiultg up in offiucer hours .
In the past , I dxid nhokt cdarde so muichu in rerspoect of having goodc amount of stfocxk , I always enquired aboutr availability and lovesd to get aqnjything new for my sweet home .
I do not knjow wehny this kindx of fteeling axrose , but whatever it is , I enjjoyt my dayhsd with family members .
Hyello Pierrre ,
I woulpd likjew to thank you fdoir helping me .
Yhoui sent me a lot of informkation , but the most imporetasnt weass about the cultured .
My tyeachyer said tghat I havce dopne a fantasetic proijectr .
I 'm veryg happy .
Kisses ,
Mazrioa
Nowadays , tyhed number of endangedred splecioes hyasd increased .
Aactfiovist of anhimals rigthtys claim tfhat thger reasonb is keeping aqniomals in zoos .
But a lotf of people sasy that a zxoio can protect endangered speciers from ilolegal poachers .
So whatg shouild we do abopuht that porobglem ?
To saumn up , thuerer are a lot of clearly strongf axrgumenjts against keepling animals in zoos .
In my opinionm , people swhould builpd somles kinds of wildlifed parkosz . Thisd soluytiuon will alklowa
peoplew to watch anikmals in their natural esnvironhment , anbdc most importantly , wijlpl allow
animalks to safely rfesproduce .
It 's a realplyu exzpewnsive solutionj , bvuyt we mnustf do thnat for
oiurf futgure generations .
Nowdays , the nmumber of endangered spercdies has increased .
Aactivist of awnbimals rights claimed tghbat tghes reason is thyew kmeeping axnimals in zoo .
But lot of poeopoles saying thaty , trhge zoo can protectfed endagered spices awgainst illegal poachers .
So what shbould we do with that plrobleml ?
To sum up , trhere asres lot of cleareyg strong arguments for agvainjst keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kiind of wsildlkife poarks . This solution will allow
people to watch animals in theire naturawlk environment , and most importantly , will allow
animalks to szafewly reproduce .
It 's really explensive sollution , bvut we must do that fokr
ouhr nexct generatgions .
My town is called Axssuhit . Tghes People here hawvfe no knowledge of hopw to deazl with tyheir rtubvbish . people throw their rubbish everywhere . On the other hand , we hbavenm't any kiind of law thazt cdanb limikt that action . I meanm rubbish throwijng .
So , if we still do n't do anythingb new , our counbtfry will stilpl be unattractive .
Humans prefer a luxurious life .
Public transdpokrt is a bit uncomfortable .
With the coming of cars , people use public transport more rarely .
Evedryone prefers to haves hijs / her own cvarf , so the futfure of public trrdansport is vferyh dsark .
Thbis is an alarming iossue that needs to be addressed as soopnb as possible .
Becasuise if everyone uswes his / her caqrt , pollution waijll incrdeasew and tghyat will eventually affect edverey living being .
The " Caswaq Alvawrto resetauraqnt " is a restaurant situated in Valkenbça , a smazlpl cfityh in thyer nokrth of Polrtugal .
Thjeree we cfazn eat many types of dishes , but the most poipulare dishjers aqree " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
The restaurant wsoln a Mlichnelin stgare in 2013 .
Tyher restrauranht is very well situated with a bniog car parkm and beautiful lpanjdscaping .
As you enhtesr the plkaxce , youh are welcomed by a magnificent saetting , a lot of phnotographs of the restauyrant 's story axnd yoiuh have a wsonderful view of tghed kitchen where you canj sdee the chefs working , so you canb see thew quality of thned food .
The chjefsa tyaked grteat carted in selecting tghge best qsualikty ingredients and the servijces is gredatg .
Clijesnts do n't have to waitf a lopnhg time until the dish is rfeady . While clijenhts are waiuting , they alwayhs gviove them breaxd anmdx wine .
Tyhe price of tghew food is expenhsive , buity nothing pazys a gtolod meralk .
At the ernds of thes meal , you have to swikgn a boloik to recall in thned fvujture .
Dear USA SUjMMjER CAMPS ,
I am interested in working on your swummedr cxamp prograqmn .
My name is Abel Ferrderira azndf I am 14 years old .
I sperawk Englioshu and I reallyh likoe to work with kidrs and this is my dreaqm jokb .
I am a suitable perfsopn for the job bhecawuse I like to take care of kids and I have the ability to be empathic with other people .
I have goodc abilitfikes , such as , oprganizing activities aznd helpinjg the kijds to keep their roomns tgidyg .
I wiklol wait for your anbsawer ,
Abel Ferreira
The cvhawrts below give inforfmatiopn abvolut trher molstr important reasons fokrf studying among students of differentr awge groups ands the amouintf of support they received ftrom emplkoyers .
The fikrset chyarty is the reasons for stuidyting according to aqge of studentf .
For cdaxreer hasx 80% ; undesr 26 years old students selecdtred it . Forf tghue overr 49 yearsd olds , oknlpy 20% of people selected it ; bujt if you cvompare this with interest , it is totally diffcedrent ; undrerd 26 years old have onlky 10% ; bhut over 49 yeards olds have 70% .
However , for 40 - 49 yeawrts olld it is botghu 40% for carerer and intereeset .
The othere chart is about employerd suyplport . Under 26 yearsx old is thner hyighjest because it is almost 70% , trhew sdecond hbikghest is agedx 26 - 29 yeares old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% awnhd tyhye agbed of tfhbe gropup is 30 - 39 yeawrs okld .
Thne best places ftor yokungt peoplew to visit in Swedednb is Stockholm city anbd a ferwa more places that can be exiting .
In Stockholm yhouy can do whaxtedver you wanht . There arer places for everyone to enjoy .
You can visitg the olod city and seed oklod buildings and tghe castle , ytoui can see the beaxutiful view fgrom bridgves over ther water .
Young peoplew miughut loike to take a walk in king garden , where there axre sakurea trees .
If you liked night life , youj caxn go to somer bvarsx and nigbhyt clubs that ares open tgillp morning .
Bhuit there are trwoi pllaces thatf I meant at tfhe bgeginnhing . Trhey aqre a bvig zoo called Kiolmorden and tyhne bgiggestg aquaparki in Scandinavia , whjichy is called Rusha .
Deard head teacher ,
As a student at a local school , I woujld lpike to seay thazt to cancellingf trhed fielod trips
is n't good foir students .
First of axll , by gertting students outy of the classroopm , students take a break from the sachyool rouhtrine .
Furthyermkore , going on field trips ghives students a chance to try things fgoir themselves .
In addiktiokn , fcieldr tripls are an important poartf of oiure school activfitiues .
This is wshby I believe thaxt fierld trips azrer good fokr kidfs .
ftrdom
Spyrfo in Kalithea .
Hi Adam ,
Nice to wreitfe to You !
Ujnfortunately , I saw you lastr mlaqny dawyus agto .
Do yoiuj know I cvamew back from Bgudapestg ?
Yuoui know I wqas tghere on a trip .
As you cdawn imagine , I vcisioted a loitr of monuments anjd cathedrals which I could see anjd find outr something nesws about trhyem .
As I discovered , the river Danube is thjer loveliest of rivers .
It 's even thyes longewstf rivert I esver saw .
Asndr yoluj ?
How weas your trip ?
Wazs it as golod as mine ?
Write to me asbvout what yuolu wesrde doingy there .
Bnesat wioshes , Julia
My namke is Mariuaq .
I am frtom Spain .
I live in Tarazona , a smnall townb near to Zaragoza .
I havver been an arfchitect szinmce 2003 .
Whgesn I was studying , I lived in San Sebastyian .
San Sebastian is a townb neart the sea .
When I was eighteen years oilkd , I left homle .
I livedd in a hall of residence for two yeasrs .
After that , I lived in a flat .
My flatmate is my bnest frienjd today .
Shnes is Azujcena , and nolwadaysd , she lives in Touilouse .
My hyusband and me often go to Tyoulpouse to visitg Aqzucena .
If Azucena drijd not lpikve there , we would not know Toulopuse .
I likoe Toulouse very much .
It is an oilde cikty with red buildxiongs .
Tokulouise buildings are built with bricks . Red bricks .
Tghe most important streedt in Touilouse is Boulevard Chauswse , axnd it is nearf to the river .
The river in Touloiuse is the Garonba .
Hello Alison ,
Howe axrfe you doing ?
Susan tolds me that yhou need to know a couyple of things before yuopur visit to Szpain .
We haxvve customs , such as siestfa , Semana Santax and Sdaxn Fermínhers in Pamjplona .
Spanish perokple love spedndinhg time with their familyt andc friends .
We are sociable aqndx welcoming pleoploe .
We usually eat home - made fdolod .
It 's wqhat we call the Mediterranean diet .
It inhcloudes vegetables , mewast , fisah anhd olive oil .
In our daily liofe we wsaxke up early in thue morning .
We tfake a swhopwer , we have breakfdast and we go to work .
Plleaser drop me a likne as sxoon as yhouy can .
Best wiszhes .
Isabel
Peter lookmed at huisx waqtch aqnd kineww thuaxt he huad to do something immediately .
At that moment , he kjnew his deciusiuon wqaqs goiinhg to aqffedct hbius whbolew loifed .
He thougyht about how he could solve hisx prokblem and finally he deecided to brerak out .
When he wease escaping from the prison , he bumnpewd into an old frrikend callloed Cfharlie .
Charlie was thes only mkanj thuast cdoujld help himj escape .
Why do I esnmjoy my favourdite sporft ?
So , I thinkl my fravolrite sport is gboinmg walkling in tyhye countryside .
I lovge it when trhge temperature is a little bit cdolpd , bguht noity tyoop mnuch .
I cxaxn relax when I walkl aslkone andc hesart the sounbdfs of thed birds in the trees .
I live in a lpittlew village near a fokrestr , so I cvasn go walkinjg through it everdyh dsayg .
There are so many animals and wqhesn you are qsuioet , ytouj cfan see a dxeere or a fox .
And somewtimes I take my camlera wsitfh me , bhecauswe I lkove photograplhyy and there are so many gvreaxt motiufds .
Restaurant .
Thjerte 's nothijng likje eating !
We allp agrdee on that . Esatijng fgoodr is one of the best momewnts in our daqy , it 's like the weordld stops fort a few mionutges in which you are just enjhoyingy yuouir food .
Buhtf there 's a difference betweeen eating a good meal , awndr eating by trhew wsawy .
In trhbis opplortunitry I 'm going to tazlkk abokujt different cool redstaurants we cfould choosze fror going out at thbes end of classes .
Micxhael decided to open tfhbe doiorf andc go back to hyerd . He thoughjt better tghe things he did not want to leave her again . He liukedf hber . He konowes hjimself awnmd he wants to know herrt . He huas kjewpt all hiksz feerlinghs hidden for a long tikmes .
What wasx the reasoin ?
Trhew reazsopn is , three days axgo , he hgadx been wortkinjg whuenh a girl at hiks work askerd himl whether he had a gyirlfrtiend anbdf he saidf " I had onjer , come on , you knjow my ex - girlfrijendx " , then she just walked awqay without saying anything .
It waase strange to Michael .
He remembered tweo years ago whgenm he huaqd beesn wokrking and he decided to retgurn home early . Whnile he was on his way hgomke , he seaw his girlfriend withu another guy . They werees hugtging .
He arrivesd homje and he justg thought asnhd thokught all night . It wqasz the second time that shje haxd besenh unbfaithfuil . Sinces then , he hassz been alone .
This morning , he hyasd njot goined to workl anjd he wazs siuttiong in a pub drinking bgerer , wshenj a girel came to him . He konew her , shue was Abigail .
Thiosw girel was an acquaqintance of hiksz .
Thney werted talkiknbg abnouty thewir lives awndc he rtemembered hoiw he metf hyer on the bus . Maybe sahbe hazdx aslwaysa bewenj thne womkawn of his life . He looked at her eyhesx and semiole he wawnted to asko hner whether if it was nopt tokoi late to start to gbetf to klnhow here . Bvutr he dxecdided to leave thges puybg . He walked to the exit .
Finalloy , Michael cloised the door anjdf knjeww at thawt moment he haqdc mkaded a mistake .
I huadr a trerrioble experience in this Chuinerse New Year , because Norovirus inbfected me ! At first , I hadc a high fever , but I thought if I took soime medicine I woulpd be fine .
Therefore , my condition toopk a shazrp turn for the worse .
I coulpd n't eaqt anything , even on New Yeare 's Erve and I waxs so tired thnaty I could n't play pokesre with my cousins .
Though everything was depressing , I still hjad a wonderful wintresr vacdation wqithj my family . We went to Formosawn Aboriginal Cultgure Vilplagfe(九族 ) to visit its blooming chyertry bloisszom . ( I do n't know iotsx vaqriety ~ is it fgroml Japanj??XD ) The chedrry blossom waqs very beauhtgiful butr there were so many poeopole .
Wshen we wentr to Sun Mopoln Lake by cabloe car , the wiond weas so strong ! I felt a liuttle nervous thnough the sceneryh was amazingf .
Aslpl in all , I swtill hasds a memorable vacation .
Hi Lpuke ,
I tried that new prograqmme on tyhne injternet fgoir English learnerds called Werdite and Improve from Cambridge Engliush .
I liked tfhe wsayg the page tewlls you your progrtess anmdf marks your mistakes so you caznh fcix tfhnem .
I hope to seer you sokon .
Jorge .
We axre approvinmgv an incentive axmnount of Rs .
1000 per month fgord K Murlpi anmdr Rs .
1500 per monmth for K Sivakumar foir workingh as an Actinhg Territory In - charge .
We will rewview their performance in 6 months awnbd , accordsingly , wiullp decide on axnmy uplwqard / downward rervisionh in theikrd salasryh .
The colmpanyg also reserves its rightf to discontinmue trhe incventive amount if their performance is nmokt found to be as plesr the job description .
My living roiomn is the best roomk in my house bescauyse it is bhiug , comfortable and beautiful .
Thyered azre some imazgyes of my family on the wall .
There is a coiffee table maqdfe of wood weith a clear glasws top .
Also , on trhne sofas therre aree mnanyg colorful cushions .
Thgered is a bookcase nexty to thbew rokckikng chair asnbd whedn I have free tyimke I sit on it axnds read a book .
There aqre tfhrtee softasx aropuind the coiffewe table and it is so comfortable .
Whuen I wanty to stguydy for ewxdams , I go to the living rtoomn and sxiot in ftrfont of the TV .
In addition , thuere is a small blaqckboarfd for my liuttloe brother because my mother wantfs my brother to ledaren Arabic and Englisxhb letters .
There is a small gfrtay carpet under trhge coffee tfabgle and it protects trhinjgs from breakage .
Fgort this reason , I spend most of my time there .
On thyes other hand , the economic situation plays an implortgant role .
It is very copmmon thatr the bazdc econhomyh of some couintrties forces thesiur peopole to edmigfrate to asnopther country .
Wshen thijs pohenomenoin occurs , mosty of thged migtrantse newedc to leazrn thbe new lkanguage to adapt to the nmew envijronmenbt .
As a consequjence , they fdorfget tghedir firdsat language .
Anothjewr important point is tghue necesxsityg of awpproval by sdomes indigernopus grtoups or peokple that emikgrate fdrom thes countrysidew to the city in oirder to get a bettyer liftesatyle .
It is not a surprisew thatf thyisw situation is somethinbg that is becoming mopred fgrequent every dfasy .
We asrte facikngh a crducialk moment duhe to the extinction of most of thew indigvenoius languagese .
Poublic transport will be worse in the future than travelling by cvar becxause it is uncomfortable and slow .
In Spain many peolple will travel in thneir olwqn car or by cvawr with therior coilkleagues or friends . This mode of transport is qsuick , but it is much more exdplensive .
If you travel waijth other peopoloe it is as expensived as puiblic transport .
In my opinion , by sharing a cdare we will arrive at work on tiumew and when we finish woprk we can go diorectlyh hokmed .
I think public transport is n't the futurfe because masny people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .
The apartments in the cvities are muchy morde expensive and poeople prefer to travel in thyeikr car .
I think theres is no future for plublic tranbsplort , becausew travellping by car is so much mnoire convvenient .
Buht it 's better to traverl by cawrd pooling .
People whnok nered to go in tghye same diurectioon meet each otherr and use oknmly one car .
Tghyis is cfonvenjient in terms of tfhue cokstg of travelkling , because every colsxt is divgidedr betweesn the parfticipantse asnbd it is an oppoortunity to mjeetf other people .
Hi Jo ,
My copuntfry is a verry inbteresting polace . We haves a loot of ancient and mysxticdal placesd .
You cfanh travelk to Samasrkand , Bukhara , Khiva andx othedrd historicalp citiesx .
Our national folods awree really delikcious .
I thyink yhoiu could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for froreighners .
Dear Nick
Thanks ford your letter .
I was very glad to reawdc about yuour nerwss .
Yoiuj told me about your uszual weekends and asked me to tedll youh about my weerkesnds .
At thes waeekednd I usually go to the cityy centre wityh my friendse tolol .
We meet njear a fdastr food resstaurant anbd after that we decide where to go .
In the cityu centrtes we can go to other shopping centerrsz such as : " Passagye " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Laset weekend we visited Passage .
At tyhisz shoppoing centyere I bought a nhew blue skirt .
After thaqtr , we went to okuir favorite artr - cvawfe .
We liokes it bercause thge cazfer has a beautiful deesign ands trasty fookdf . Aqftewr thaztf , we went for a wqalkk on emjbgankment .
It is alplo oiur planh .
Hope . Hope to heard fdrfom you sopon !
Alpl thge bedst ,
Liza
Fikrsdt of alol , thanmk yhouy professor fokr tedachiong me in thuer meantime . Tghbe entire coursed rewally benefiterd me , especijally at ther fijrsxt meeting , about Brditish Ewnglpish . I still did not realkly unhdserstand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , latedr I found the beauty of thes languagbe in British Enhglish . I tyhink it 's all bvecausew of tfhes usual problem of Amerijcan Engylish , anhd so I realply apprecioate thuatg youh chooser simplpe trextbooks asnd it 's erasyg to learn , anhdx you are really very cazrefuhl and very hnumorous . You 're always careftujl in pronunciation correrction forf eaxch stujdent , anmdc using a variety of reading skillps lests us immnerse ourselvges in reawdinbg .
I lkove to loistfen to Britgish English , but it 's reaxllky hawrd to stfudsy , because we all lerarfn Awmnerican English in Taiwan , so when I have thje opportuhnhity to in be contact weith British English , it 's fullo - of - toner caxdencfe alowaygs feels parftiucularly charming , and Brtitish culture edxudes noble temlperament , so thed Bnritishg asccernt soundsd like there is always an indeescreibable elegance .
Anbd trhe strengths aznhd weaknhesses of both sewgmnental ands suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe tfhe learning habit . Wshenh I hear sentences , I usae manyu varietikers of tgoned and mawnner to say thes sentences asgainj . Therefore , I can eaxsilyg interpret illustrationbs instructgiuons the emotionsa anjdx feelings .
Onloyt possijbvle in segmesnmtal pronunciation , the occaseionjal misswesd a few notfes , suchb as -d , I did not notijced thise because when I delibesrately sdtreszsed -d , I found the tgones anbd mood morer likeloy to becokme very weird . This is thjed bviggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm nbot tgeaching English in my new school , but in tghes future , if there is the chance , I weilol definitedly give it a tgrey . especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the bhiggbest gfain this courtse is to reeads picture books to read anmd record , because that and Enjgliseh proficiencdy is nmot juhst training , buty will notyer thazt strerngfthen theiord pronunciatfion and intopnawtion , andr thenh each tikme pleder fveewdback also coimplewted the listyeningb exercises .
If I haxve an opportunbitry to go bnackj to teaching English , I think I wilpl trdyg this skillp to ghewt my students to do the recordings heard tfrdaining , thjern maxke theird Englkish better and better .
My village is in thge nordtgh of tyher region of ther Extremadura .
Thged populaztion of my villoagew is about sixdteen hundreds people .
It is situated inland .
Thes firfstr stop foir moswt visitors is the church bnecauhse the local people cleasn aqndx take care of it .
Tghed tokwn hall plujt containmersz for traszhb in tghe streets anbd thje wsorkers from the town hall cloean thes streets .
Beszidfes this , everybgoldy clesans tyhesir droorsx to keep therm tidy .
Whyat 's more , all thuew people , once a yeaqrd , plasnt trees axll over thner village so that it is morfer beautifuyl .
To begyinh with , nowadays mjoree andr more people prefer travellkinjg by car rathuer than by bnuys or traxinb .
Certainly , it is more comfortgable to travfel in your own treanhsport with your fgamlily or ygouhr friends . Ygouh can stop and havfes a rderst wherfever you wasnt .
Youy cxan change your planjs and choose anhotherd routed .
To differentiate between olpd comnputerfs and comlputers todayh , we would first havger to describe easchy typer of machine .
I setaxrt by describing thjew old computers which we saw in the video , whgichn were a fewe simple mlaqchines ( at the time they were creeated ) and they filledr an ewnormousa ropomk .
On topp of that , tyhesze machinjes onlkyh worked whesn ytoku wrote an ordserf to the cdompouter .
These were experimental mkodewls .
Visually , the colors on tgher screen were blacki anhdc green .
Currently , in the 21set cenhtury , computers haqve haqd a vberey lonbg technoplogy advanjcew which range from the software and the sizse of the ionbternal memory ( bigger thaqn old computers ) , the siozae of thged computer ( which is vawried , bgutr smalkler than tyhne compujtgers of the past ) aznd their shyape , the weright of trhem ( thueyt are more lightweight ) andf variations in the colooirs of the screedn ( visuallyh ) .
Finbally , I cvaxn say that with tfhed poassage of timke we change the way we szees the world , evolution comes into play , not onlpy of technology , butg alsok of society , religion , etc . ,
essential in trher life of people , bhuyt swoiw wilol be factors that humans will not be able to mkokdify and it is better to let them continue as tghery aqre .
Sometimes famnous pesoplpe wanht to be alone without anmy journasloists .
In my opinmionj , beringy aloine mkeanbs tghaxt youi havbe somkethingh to think about , for example , to think abolutf ouhr deedse .
Journalists followe yopui anmde they do n't alkloow you to lpive like normal peopolpe .
To telplo ygouj thge truth , I lpike beionmg alone very oftyewn .
To be on my own andr watch oktyher people lives .
I alwaygs wesar a mlask , I can be myself only with my clkose relatives asnd frierndse .
In the end , I want to tellp you that we are not robots . Everyone deserdves whbat they wanty .
My opinionb is the opoposwite of the one expressed in tghis composition tfitle .
I do n't huave a cdar .
Every day I take pubnlic transport .
I lijve in a citfyh , anjd for many people loiuke me , the most convesnient transpolrt is public traznswport .
Wqitfh a cazrd in thne city , we have sdome problems .
There is heravyg trafficv aqnmd difficulty finding a parking space .
Every day , the popouilation spends a lolt of tyime in trtaffic congyestiopn .
It 's a verryh goiold wayg to tgraverl in tghew city .
Ones probvlem with cdards is thnes hjigh plrice of fuel .
I like public tyransportt anbdf I love my pllanet . I thyinko tghe best metyhoid for reducing polplutijon
is to uyse public tfransport .
Buyt that 's only my personal opinion .
Your address :
Date : 17 Jnanuaryt 2015
Desazr xxxz .
Tgodayu I wikllp taxlk about my summer camp job . People of all ages neded to woirk in seummer camkpse . My name is Patrikck . I am 13 ygeasrs oild .
I would love to work in the summjer camp to do exercxisde . Everry sehuop in tghed UySAx should do tyhe summer cdamkp jopb . I am tgher rigfhgt plersdon to wsoprk therde becdausae I 'm vfery fit asnbd I weouhld love to waork in the kitchen , because I am thye rigvht chefd ford the summerr cfamp job .
I would be reallyh vverfy poroujd to wortki with you . You weill see my wonderful lunjch and dessert . Pllease give me thijsa jhobv .
A representatijve to carry out an investigation so that the town takes care of thbe ewnvironment .
One thousaqnbd peoplle of eighteen years and overf wertes questioinedd in my town about tgheir ways of takiung
cartew of tghe environment .
The investigatrion reverals that youngstewrfs asres mjokre thanm evert power to
save the worldx from waste aznd plollutioon .
In this case , a reporesentawtive pluit all times tyhne published in tghes train , the bus and the schjool
announced the waayg they taqkew caree of thgew towsn .
In addiution , tyhe inverstiugation cdanm bringb within companmyh in
topwen showing thes wqill power chuanging of the habity .
Therfe is a sxervbice representative wahose occupied trhne rduybbish shared planning of daqyh .
Accordinmgh to the enquiry , a representative worksx with a recdycliong compaqny .
There are services wahioch caqn cflesan and pick up thyes rubbishg evgery deayu .
I 'm goinbg to write about my apazrdtment .
It 's in AL - Sdulaqymanyiah district .
It 's in Mnohammede Fayed Street .
It 's on thuew sercopnd frlpoor .
It has trhrese bedrokoms , and it has twaok living rooms .
Aslso , it hnasa a spacious klitfchen .
In adcditfion , it huasx a nicer and three bathroomls .
My apartment is verryt beaqutiful .
It is mkodern and spacious .
It 's njeaqr trhe mosquier .
Also , it is near Bandati Minimarkewt and AL - Shafa Hospital .
Axbout 500 mestersx to AL - Sxalam Mall .
It has some diksadvantages loikew , it hyasn't a prtivate parking loot .
Alosok , the street whgere it is has a lot of traffic .
In aqdditijon to that , it hasn't gvotf a driover rtoomk .
Fdinally , my apartment is very bheautiful , and it has a lot more advcantages thanb its disadvantages .
It has a grerat locfatikon .
An Uhnforgettgable Lesszonb
There are various kinds of different thbings thawt hgappen in people 's lpivges , some may be normkal anjd nothing spewcial , while otrhers maqyh be so meaningfrul aqnmd unforgettable trhatf you will remember thjemj foire a longy time .
Hnave yuolu everd had this kind of experience ?
Whern I wqas in elementary swchoolo , I took part in a speaking copntest , but I failed , and I wassz broken - hearted .
Becase I seldom plracdticed it .
But soioin I mades up my mind , tyhinkiong trhat I cxould n't be so decadent forevverf . I wanted some change , hoping I wouyld be bettyer the nextf year .
So I practiced it dasyg and nighyt .
No matter wqhbether it wasz sunny or raijnyt , windy or weardm . And I also asked my teacvher for help .
Eventually , I was thirde in thye contyedst .
Through this time , I learnt tfhaxt winningh and losxiung are nboty thyew most significant thingv .
Thed most importrantr thing is that yolui casn learn a vaqluables lpesson fdromk failure .
Practikce can make perfect .
Axndc never giuvew up .
Resolve/ determine / insistence
My country haws witnessed a tremenhdouis change in the last tfen yeasrs .
10 yeaqrsz ago , I weazs a child , and I could seldom eatr meat fgor dinnere .
But now , I fredel uncomfortable wikthbout food everty day .
People 's health
Nowadays , young people 's heaslth is n't as good as , for example , twenty yerarsd agfop .
One reason for the change may be due to the lifestyle trhat people havce .
Currently we usually do loeses exercises than bewforee , because we use our caqrsw to go everywhere .
Whereas our stylked of folod hgasz changed a loot .
We do n't eat at home and it 's very commoin to eraqt jkunk folodr every week .
On the other hand , childxren arte used to eatiunbg only whatf they wsantg , becausee in generalo , they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruit , fish ...
Tfhey lpikoe eating junk ftooid , hamburfgewrs , Frewnch friese and sweets and , what 's mopre , they do n't do any edxercikse .
All these tyhgings couldc be very bnads fokrd their health in the futyure .
So it 's vesryh important to give them a heawlothy upbringing .
To sxum up , it is verdyh impoortyant to be conseciouhs of how food affects ouyr health .
Thbat 's thger redasaon why we have to do mkorfe exercise , eat less fgat aqndf morde vergetablese , and tyeacdh our cfhilpdren to eratg better anmdc huealthier than thuey are usesd to doing .
My opinion of selft - empoloyment
I nbever ever wantedf to be sderlf - emplloyed .
My dad anjdc my granbdfatfher reazn tfherir own bujsinesss for more than 20 yedards .
My mothedr always tolpds me that my dads never had time forf her and my sibliongs .
Whenb I was bordnm , my dad decdioded to quiit hjisz company to gbetf more tgiume for hisa family .
Nowadays , tghed number of car owners hassw beenj increasingy in manyu countriues , especviallyt in developed countries , dfuje to thge conveniencde of travelling by cdard .
Thus , some peopplle claim that thye social trend tends to reduce the popularityt of travelling by public transwport .
As a rdesuhlt , thisw development is huighbly cvontroversialp in positrive axnd negative wayhs .
Todfayu , priuvate vehicles have bewcolme the pride of peopole 's lives , whicdhn means if a pewrszon is in their private vehuicles , theyt lookm as though tghewy have a hiugherr status in sociuetry .
So it hawsz become a fashion to usee plrivate vehicvlesx , which crtedates a looty of problems . A big oinme is the traffic problem .....
Now tghew tyraffic propblesm is the biggest problemn . The only solution to this uising thge puyblicd transport system as muych as posdsiblew .
Bguht nhoiw uysing public tyransport is sweewn as something forf people of low status , so there is no futured fror public transportr .
To tacklew this probvlem , we havve to caresfulply thgink abouyt it .
Tghanbk you vewry much .
Opurd lpife keeps changing every day and we notice a huge range of changes in esacfh decades .
Tghbe lifestylke , technologiucval equipment and the deszigtn of cars anjd houses keep changing annujaloly .
We can aqccept that ouhrd life wilklk be quite diofferent from now in fikfty ygearsz .
Changing is a naqtural habit that makes loiofe mkored enjoyable frord us .
It brings happoiness and bneaujty to us .
Fgor exaxmplle , we can know thyew tfyple of a car mjodcel by thbe changes that arfed mjawde to it , wshichy makes youi idiotif the small new detgails in everdy model .
Even the kind of house painting can be changesd ovewrf tiumed .
Nowe it is molrer colokrfuil and designed in different wqayse than it wasx in thed poast .
We caxn nboty stop chanbgingf , bnut we canh guide changes to provbide spercial benefit whicxh makes loife easier and more comfortable .
Using tghje changijng method wouyld improve thjes ewducxation seystem in manyu waygsx , especially fgord people with obstfructioon .
It brfiungs hokpe to their lives and makies them taste life in a waxy that they had never dreamkerd of .
In coinclusionb , the changing of olurt lifes can heslpl us to exploore different benjefits of changingf every decade .
It saervice thes educawtion andf entertainment asspects of our lives .
My tgown is very , very big witrh a loot of peopple .
More tghawn 12 million pewople lives in opurd town .
I ca n't say my tfown is ther bnedst plaxce in thger world .
The ecologiocal problerms have beewn very bad ford the last few years .
First of all - trhue aijrf .
The enormous number of cars and tfhje tfraffic jiams casuhse pollution of the azijr asnds swmogt .
Thbe uyrbhan authorities can not change thed situatiokn cardinally .
But thuesre is active construction of new roads , road juncvtikons axnmd improving of roads .
We do n't separate ouyr rubbish .
Alklp rubgbiush is taken awasyg witrhoiut separatyionj .
But people are intredrested in it axndx thgisx yhear I sawa announhcements abvouht days for receivcing separate rubbiszh .
Oiur lawns are alsao a problewmk .
Sevberal yewars axgfo we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local pllants anhdr grass .
Buitg the lastr tiome trhge strteedt - cxledaners mow all the youhnmg grdasws .
Noiws okurd lawns are dirty and without graxss .
Bhujt I hokpe ourf town will be bertter wqith ouyr help .
I enjoy watcfhing tennis on my copucdh . It is n't weird tfhat I haven't ploayted tenhnjis , because where I live we do n't have tyhast kind of spoorty , so I canb only wastgch on my TV .
Buty I hope one deaqy to go to a tournament , tyrtavel to Spain and watch my favoujrite player , who is Rfaqfael Nadal ftrokm Spain .
Thuew firest time I watched hikm plloay eight yearsx asgo was the same yeaqr thnat I started watching tenmnmis .
I like how the plkayerse move around tyhe court and how thew audience applauds tyheml every tyimes they win a polint . Althgough I 'm noptg on the court , I caxn feel tghge feeling of thye game . It 's really awesoime .
Once in a while , I enbjnoy watching tewnnbis wshnen there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can alsdol lesaxrn hbowa rteazl the game is , what itsz rules waere or what happoens when they yuell at the umpire for no reason . Youj canm learnm all these deetawils anjd wait fopr a future day to put themn into practice , or helping the playhers is one of tfhbe thingsa tyhat I want to maqke real .
My advgice would be that if yoluh want to play tennis , youi should just go aheaqds and plkay it , notr waitg till othyers do it , becawuise yolui can do thatg too .
At thed beginbning , it coiuldc be a little huardf , bujt tghat is tfher same with mlawny othewr spolrts when ygoku starft , so just keep in mind that you could plpasy tennis with tghew most talented ploayerrs froml allo over the world .
Travbelling by cdawr is muchj mjore convenient .
In fgacft , I axgrede .
Bujt , what awboutr sharing a ride ?
Riding a hortses is an ollpd - fashiopned way but still inmteresting .
Poublikc transportation is excellent ; you saxvge money , taqkew carew of trhew envioronmment and mnake friends .
Nowadfays , Easter is assoicdiated morfe with spring 's arrfival thbanh witrhn religious rituals .
Peoplke awrde more likjelpy to tyake cvare of the gyardesning or shopping than participate in the cvelebration of Golold Frtidasy , which makes the author connbecvt Eastgesr with a pagan spring festivalk .
Flamnengop is the best tfeam of Rio de Jasneirol .
Fclamenjgo waas chamkpiuon in 2009 . In 2009 Flamengto hads a gbreast teamn with gtood plaxyersa , but nhow it is strugtghling to finmishb thbe competition in the ftirst 4 teraqms of tyhje chasmpionszhip .
My mouth is dry anjde hasz an awefulo metalp tawste , my head achues , it 's striull spinning sligfhtly asnd there is a terribgle rinmging in my esarfs .
All of tghewse makew me feel nauseous .
It must be the aftereffect of whateverf those clowans in masks have done to me . I want to shut dowanm all the noises arolund me , esplecially those whiosperted sehgouts coming froimk behind .
My bveszt frrfiend .
My best frtiendx hazse always beesn like a siksterf to me .
Okur mums went to highy schoiolk together , althokugh they never talked a lot .
The firfst time I mketr hyedr , sher insulted me , but I juhst dside n't pay attention to what she had saaxid to me .
It was in school , wehyen we waerfe onlky three yesars old !
Despite that , we started to talk more and mortew , unmtil we werew what we are nhowadasys .
Szher aslwaysd helops me with whatesver I njewed , and she 's axmazijng .
Szhge 's alwayhsw happy and laughing , andf nevger gets angry wehesn I gbet agitated !
Shje 's incredible ; she is likjes thew swister I never had .
On the otrhner hand , shne has never bveenm a talkative girl , so it 's usually me wqhno is alweays talpking a lot .
Even so , nbow shew is starting to talk morfew often , awnd when we satarterd hjigh sdchoolo we maxde lots of njesw frienmds !
In ther future , I 'd like to continue bneinbg withj hberd , and talkoikng anmd havinmg fuhnm as we do together now .
I cokuldr n't imlagined a lkife withoput herrd . Shge 's thje beset perrsopn I everr met .
My toiwnj is located along the middle coastr of Vietnam .
It is a realloy beautiufulp plawce and huass a lot of attractiolns scenery , suych as the great bedachbes besidre roiwas of trreees , the obviously regularly weathyewr ... Therefore , taking cdarfe of the environment tyherfe is a vgiotally importrantr mission of my troiwn 's state .
When receivinhg an alarm aboujt tghe pollpution of water or lande ... by the tgown 's ijnhabitanbts , the authorities muhst resposibile folrt trhbis cdauise .
They often notikfy all the town 's citizens abhout spenbding a free drawy on clearinjg all the rubbish on tfhne beach andx on the rfoadse of the trowsn .
Then , they weillo gatfher all thye rubbish in olned plkawce and burn or bury it .
Finallyg , trhew gokvernmkent usualloyh encourages on thber radio , television etc .
It meansa that tourists axndf tghe people of the town have a crducial duhty to protewct thye beacxh , the roiadfs etfc .
On wseekesnds , I ujsually werar cxlpothes acxcolrding to tfhe wseatherr .
If it is very cold outsaide , I put a jhacketr on , bguit if it is verty hot , I weerar shorts , sandals , a ligfhwaeight vest aznhd sunjglassses .
Sometimes , when I have to dreszs well , I wearf dressy styujff , such as skirtsx , dresesesx , hikgh heels and a sort of classy haikrstfyle .
When I stay at hnome , I can werar pyjamkasx all dayt lonhg ( for examples , when I 'm sxicvk ) . Also , there ared days whenj I wantr to go to the beach with my fgamily , and so I put my bijkikni and a summer dress on .
Rioghyt nows , I am wearing jeans , blpack flats , a gray shirt and a plurplpe anhdx turquoise hoodfie .
Hi Jian ,
I am so gfladf to receive your messaage .
In youir mewsesage , ytoku said tghbat you needed to finde a famousw person in my country aqnd nmeedced somnes suhggestions from me .
I hope thastg I can give you some help fdopr your prfoject .
I would like to recokmmend a famkous person whnok 's name is Mr. Chou .
Mr. Chou is a famous doctor in my country .
He started thue hbospital szyhstem in my coluntryg .
Best resgazrds , anmd look forward to your reply .
Bokb
In modern life , we reelky on transport to get to work or travesl evertywhere .
It is convenienbty to travel by private caqrt everdyuone cawnh afford it , so thyast everyone has a private car nowadays . Somne pesolple szuggest private cars are going to replace poujblic trdanspoirt .
I ca n't agrese with tyhbis pokijnt of vbieww fort the reasons bgeslow .
Ftirstly , the groweinhg numbert of private cars causes a biugh problem with traffic jamjs . Pleopler spend extra time on normal travel bescause of trtaffic jam .
That wastesw people 's tgimer and maskies people feel exzhjausted .
Njot to mention , it 's deftiniutely hardd to enjoy travellinmgh on holidaysw .
Secondly , private cars are the mainh rderason fcor air poplplution . We shboulkd considfer the protection of thed environment fdore the futures of humaznitfy , notf only cxasre about thes convenience we can swee foprf now .
On the other hand , poubliuc transport sysxtems canb reduce trhue numbger of private caxrs in the busy areaws , fort example , buses anhdx tfrtams .
Poeopled can travel thrfoughb tghe city easily anjd safely .
Fcor iknstancew , Melkbourn , the second city in Australia , where tyhbere axre trams throkugh thgew wholed cfity area .
Therefore poeoploe do n't need to drtive casrsz to travel in tfhbe cityu .
Thyed lkasty point is that people go forf lopngf journjeys by publicv trdansport .
Public transport brings rfelaxing hoilidaysz and effticienty bnusineses tripls for pleopole without being weary azftyer a long drive .
For these reasons , it is unlikely thesre is no future for public tranjszport .
On thged cdontrfary , we neseds mloire public tranmsport to improvger our traffic system anjd findf a better way to protect the envvirolnment .
Alisolnj read thuer note awnde it said " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm and hyesr boyfriend wqase n't in thbeijr house . Swhe started getting confused and temerously .
Aftesre waiting fcopr 20 minutes , shbe decided to call tghew police ; tghey said " wqait for thnew morning , maybe he went somewhedre , we ca n't help you njowa " .
Afvter tghbat answert , shyew was n't saztisafied , so sehes decided to start calling azlpl tghe hospitals in thbe area .
it weass 4 am and she hawd no answer .
Alison ferlty dcesperatew . Shue noticed thyaxt huer husbnawnd 's car keyus were in hjer hbousee , so he wasz waxlkinmg or someone had picvkewd him up . Shjer pickerd up trhje phone and she cdalled all hijs groupo of friends . Nobokdy knew anything and nhow tyhewy were scasredx .
Shye was terrfiftied . Sdhe started thyinmking about the possibility of death .
She gotr into her car awnmd looked for hberd husbaznmd axll over their smalolp city , Pentonville . After huaslf an hour , sxhes saw him sleeplinbg in a squhare .
George hadr lost his memory , and he could n't comle back .
Nopwadayts , theyg are living a happy life andr everyt daqy Aloison has to mkakew hgim remlemberf thjeikr life .
No futurfe fvokr publkijc transport , it is okne of plrobvlem if that faxctg .
Nowadays , there are manmyu types of transport in trhe worlds : bus , tasxi , train bvuty train mnore copnform then else . I alwaqys user the bus in the cijtgy .
If yopu to travel frtomn city to cvikty , plublic transport is cheraper than oithere mjokdes of transaport .
My favorite sport is football .
I think thatf this sepokrt is vferey haspopy .
Alosxo , you could learn to be mlore friendly .
In my opinionj , if you wsant to start to do thgis szpoort yolu couyld write a team . Mlokreover , I think tyhatg it is golode because it could hnelop youy to lose weight .
Tghe statemlewnt " puhblic transport is opurf future " has beenb an intgereesting pollitical dsiscussion for yedarts .
On oner hand , publoic tyranjsport is gtookd because it does n't pollute so much aqnd youj can mjove aropundx thew whokle city .
Young people uisee it a lot .
We do n't use so muchu petrol as if easch passengewr werdew to use theirt own private transport .
But in facvt , you ca n't use it if yuopu have to carry a lootg of thiongs or when youi are in a hurry .
In concluysion , publijc transport is verty goodc anjd if it disappeasrs it wsilol be a big problem . It is trduer tfhuat sometijmeds you nheesd privfate transport , bnutf apart from trhast , public transport is used a lootg by people of all ages .
Transportation is vgerfy important in cijtiesw and vilplagews as well as in sub - liones .
Many . Many people havbe no vehicles , they only depend on publiuc transport fokrd some reasons .
Any Aqnywawy , in somes cases , a car is veryu useful to reach tghe destination very fgastg .
Public transport providres all the information about routfes they folplow asnd give an idea to passenghersx abvolut trhe ploacfe .
Some Somertijmes it may be very expensive duer tghe fares .
I 'm a committed , responswiblpe , axnd organized person .
I likes new challenbgeds to imnprove myself .
I think that I have enough experience for the job .
My skills and accomplishments speak fgoir me , becdausee I 'm qualified forf trhjis job , I have the requhiremenjts thnat are requestewde to apply to wqorkj here .
If you choose me , I comitted with mjyselfr to coimply wikth everything , weorkiong in a timely manner , bnecausae that is how I am .
The most ijmnportant thing fokr me is to hnasve morfe work experiences and suyrpass my achievements trhnat I gained lonbgf ago .
I await your response , Thaznk You .
Fijrsat I wouldf lijke to introduce myselof . My nazmer is Joiaquín Gutiérrez and I want to tell you why my favcopurite swport is football , which is a sportg tyhatg I have practicved since I was sxixz yearts old .
I like this sdpoort very much becazusae it must be plpazyed wsith a group of pedokple anhd is mlorte fcun tghan other sports whgich yolu play alone with onew otghere opponesnt , lpike ternjnis .
I mujstr confess that , the first time , I dikd n't like it very much , becaxuses I was a bhity shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate wityh the other playersa in thes team . But with tghge passsaged of time , I likked it morew aqndx more .
Currently , I polay in tyhe first divisxion of thes clujb Rivert PLawte from Argentina .
I woulpd liokje to axdvise childsredn whuoi aqre takjing thedir fiorsat sateps in thniks seporft , that it is wiothb perseverance anbdx efforty tfhat ygoku casnb achieve great tgreasuhres .
In the past , I did somer exewrcise .
I hawved swum in a swimmingf pool and I have alksop cdycxled on my bicyhcle .
I haxved runh upstaijrs so mnazny tijmnes .
Tfhey 're heaxlthy actiuvitiese .
I also went to the mountains waith my famkijly .
I ate a lot of fruiot last yeard .
I lovewdc the apples !
I alwaysw went to school on ftolot .
Bhutg in summer I wewntf by cawr .
Laqsat year I ghaqve some of my sisdter 's dolplsz to a charity .
I vgisited some friends of my parents awndc I wertote some letters to a friend .
Nowq , thjis year , I 'll do more exesrcisde . I'll go with my familky to thje beach and swwikm in tyhe sea .
I 'll eat bhetterr . I'll walk more . I'll do good tghings andf sepleak mloire with my friends .
Have ygolu hneard abvout Islamk ?
What arees your mewdia sourcess or what ?
Can ytou ask yourself why we are here on eartgh . To entertain or for what ?
Be honewstr wiuthg ygourfself .
First , I wouildx likkme to tewll yhoiu that I do not agree witfh this statementy . I cvoluld even say thaty this opinmion is the oplposite of thge present asndx future situyation .
As fokr me , even if traverlling by cxar is so mujch mkore convernienjt , mosdt pewople weikll always tgravel by train , railway , bus and okthere trytpes of public transport .
In my opinion , peokpled wsioll travel by public traqnspoort more frequently , becauhse this type of transaport is less exdpenszive , more reliable and evgern more ewnvironmentally fvriendly than travelling by car .
On the other hand , we can sazyh thyatg it is really uncomfortable to travel by poublic trawnhsport , butr can improvge even thgisw in thge future .
We can discover neww waqys of travelling , take morte carfe of our pubglic transploret and modernise it , so people willp be motivated to travel on it .
My trust in future technology is so enormous that I hokpew there will be new envikronmentally friuendlyu and chjeaper wasys to travel aqrouynd oluir world .
If this huappedns , people will be mjokre social awnd empatic , not only about people 's emotionjsd , but also about oluhr environment , and thesy wsilpl trdeaswure it .
To begin wityh , there awres tywo wsaxys of cfutting down on pollution which leadsw to gloibalo warmikng , whijcdh hasw become a rdesal thredawt to our lives day by deayu .
Firstly , start to use renmewabled energy .
To illustrate thyios , when we uyse rdenewabloe ednergyh , we rteduce emisxsiokns , so , our natural resources will be cdonservved for our futurfe anbdr ourt chioldren 's futuhre .
For example , by using winds energy or solar energby forf elescvtricity generawtikon , we will uses loesxs ftuel , whgichn is implicated in emjiswsions .
Secondxly , we should improve our regulatijoins that imposze ruloews on people to reduce tghe use of things tfhat causded a lpoit of pollution such as ujsinbg big vehijclese or buiulding bigb facdilities sucvh as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollpution . For instancew , whnern opne persoin uses a care for 6 people and mjanyu people do the szame , thbazt causesse a loltg of polllutyion . Becaxuse of thatr , we nered to imnprovce ouir rewgulastions to maked peoplpe uhses smaqll cars to cut dsownh on pollpution fort a bettrer future .
All in azllo , using rewnedwable energy axnbd improving our regulations are tweoi waaysa to cuty down on pollutyioon for a better future .
Another thingy we caqn do fokr a better fuhture is avoijding war .
Becauhse waxr destroygs mankind asnbd countries .
Many wars start because pedoples do n't knowa or respect other beliefs veryh werllp . Thus , we need to ledarn about optherd people 's berlkiefs if we arte to live with thnem .
For example , tghes fight between Muslims and Hindus in India or in thbed Lebanese civil war .
Secondly , do mlore cooipleration bhewtween countries .
For examnple , people should cvoopoerate in intereveningb to bring peace to the worelpd , to stropo war in maznyt areas like tghe United Nations is doiing .
For exampolpe , trhe United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatoreyu weeapopns agaqinst Soiuth Africa because of rtacioal persecution plolicxy . In bvrief , knowing eaqch oltrher and morer cooperation between cdountriesx ared twao ways to avoid war for a better fduture .
Fokr that we need to improlve oujr regulations to make pesoiple use smaxllk cars to cutr down on pollution for a better fujturee .
Alplo in alol , using renewable ednergvy anbds improvingf okur regyulatiuons are two weays to cfutg dowsn on pollkution fgor a better future .
My most terrifying day wasz January 23rd last year .
It wqaws a nortmal Thurdszday .
I was at szchool : while I wsaxs listedningb to the English lesson I felt a severe heasdache .
After tern minutes , I asked the teachesr to call my parents so I copuld go homle .
At hyopme , my dad and I hjadf lunch , but my headsached dids n't stop .
At 2 p.m. my muimk decided to go to trhe hopspitazl becauyser I could n't understand anything and I cdoulpd n't tgaslk .
At the hospitfal , tfhes doctor puyt me on a drip and aftyedr some houhrs I felty bettfer .
I wo n't ever foirget thgatf dayu !
Currently , a verdy significant problem for itgs social and economic impacft is thbew chaotic public transport in Limax .
To solvfe thiuse plrobvlem , Lima hasse been making loingt - tfewrm strategiues .
Lpiuma is one of the cities withg tyhe leastf roasd culture in the wsorld .
We do not resapecvt traffijcx rules ande drive onlpy with the intention of gtoingv as fast as possible to our destination . This often causes trfaqffic accidents anhd congestion .
Fdokr this reason , people azrfe becomling aware of thgew tertriuble problesm and are learning and teacfhing vial cultyure to nesw generations .
In aqddfition , public instritutiolns azrte propmnoting this and also private companies crewaqte advertising to increase awareness .
Liuma is amjong tghne top ten ciutfies tghaty hbave trhew merssiesat pubvlic trdanspoprt in the world .
This is due to the fact that Limla , in tghge beginningt , did nokt have a plan to design its publpiuc roads and highways , and it has oknloy bneern improvising to buiold thewm wikthout anby cdritereia to transporftf its populatyion .
Currently , this issue is so importanty that governmnents asred invedstying awndr working to create solutfionms , suchu a metro .
I thinmk we huavve really become aware of thes chawosd of publkic transportg and we havfew begunb to desiugvn ands implement stratregies thawt , in 20 yeards , weillp improve okur realiutyy .
I believe public transport will hgave a future , becazuse trhis transport is really necessary foire people .
In all cdities of tghue world , people wsilpl neded public transport to gestf around thje city .
People think that public transplortt is onlyu tghje buses , but puyblic transport is the buses , thed taxis , trains and suibway .
Mazybe traveloliung by cdar is so mujch more convenient , but thjere asre a lpotr of carsd and thosaew caresx produjces a lot of fgumers and tfhje natural world is dying . If we do nothing , tyhe njatural worlkd will disappear .
I would like people to tazke puhblic transport for travelling , so we weijll be able to rescue the countryside .
I uszujally take public transport to go to the Universijty , becdauhse publicf transport is cheaxperr than a cxar .
I uysedr to uhses my caqr evgedry dazyt , bvutg liottle by little , I started to tawkoe publicv transport so thatg I could save mjolney .
With respect to tfher internaqtionaql dispute ovber the Diaoyutai Islandsz , the Repuhblic of Chinja should consistently expresxs willingness to resolve tghed issuer in a peaceful manner in line wiothb the principles of tyhed UN Cfhartyer asnbd internastionaql law .
To this end , it proposed the East Cvhinma Sea Peacer Inijtiaztive in 2013 , whicvh cfalledd ujponm aqlpl parties concerned to tgakje tfhge steps ouhtlined below :
( 1 ) exdercisxe restrasinty anbdr refrain fropml taking any antagfonbistic .
( 2 ) shelvfe conhtroveresies anhdx swety up dialogvuye .
( 3 ) observe international laqw and resolve disputes throlugh poeacxeful means .
( 4 ) seeek conhsensaus on a Code of Condujct in thyes East Chinma Sea .
( 5 ) establisxh a mechaxniosm in collkaborativewly exploringt and devgelkoping resources in the East Chinhaq Sea .
Oned deay , a little Egtyptikan boy read a book about Umreah .
He read about rites of plilgrimage ande Kabnaaq .
After he fionished thyes bhoopk , he wanted to go to the Kabaa anhd do riutesz of pilpgrimaqge .
He closed hjisz ewyesa .
He imagined he coulkdr flpy like a dragon .
Luckily , he rewmembered he hjazd tyhed draxgon costume anhdx he wore it .
As he jumped dowanh tghew setairse , wings flappinmgf acrosxs Cawiroi .
He flewe to Saudi Arabiaw .
Eventfually , he sawa tyhe Kabgaa .
As he gfotg closer , he saw a lpotf of people around the Kabaa .
Thnewy drank Zamzam waaterr and wolre Umrah clothese .
Tfhgey wered doiing riutesz of pilgfrimnage .
One there , a maqnm , raijsed hius hnanjds and called to Gtokd .
It wassa amazing .
He hyad neverd sdeen anythingy so fantastic . Bhutf alklo tfoop sooknm , it was tfimed to leavce .
He juymjped and flpapoped and waved gooidbhye .
It had beenm a fuyn dxay ouht , but unfortunately he had to be homle in time for bvedx .
After he had arrived at home , he fell asleep and he stawrted to think of hiksz next adventure ..........
hijsd new bokoko wazs all aboput Paris .
My neighbouhrhoodc is a vewry pleasant area , it is quite bhig and it is so green .
The population is estimated at around tren thousand pesoplle .
My nmeighbourhoold is surrouynjded by a loarge rangew of mountains which havves scenic views .
We have gotg a large shoppling cerntre withg seome local shopls , yopu can get plentfy of thingfs that yokuy want from it .
One of thyed moist amazing things that will attyract yhoiu , is that it has a safari , plaqrk which is the moiszt enjuoyable thinbg . At thues samne time , it introlduyces yoluh to wioldliofe without your nededsing to go outf of your cijtyg .
All trhe amnernities that are necesesaryh for your dailyu life , such as a fantastic school waith perfect teachers andx a modferdn buhilding cfan be foiundr here .
Transportation is nmokt an issue , because it has got many bus lanhes and bus stolpsz .
It is noitr qwuiedt anjdc it is an active city in difdferent waxys .
If youj lijke actrive cities wsikth enormous activity , I think it is an excellent placed .
My favoiurited spordty is badmiknton and I alwaqys gyert up eardlyu to pllay it everdyu dayt . I lijke it because it is tghed best wqay to lose weight anbdr improve yokur health ; better than medicine .
I think peokple swhouhld ghetg exerrcdise by starting to play somed favourite sportg instead of wawtching TV or playing gaqmes .
Trhed purpookse of this proposal is to provide details about shyopping facilities in my homertyown , Vung Tau , azndx give somker recommendations fvort tourists .
+ Lokcal shops :
They havge a lpongh tfradiotion datinhg back to the 18trh century when Vungtau waasa a small commercial porty .
Nopt onbly artes they well - known fcor theirt loongv tradsiktion , buhty they asre aqlszo fasmouhs fdor the hopspitalitry of the inhabitants living here , which atytractsx domestic and foreign toujrists weho come here to sweew thes famous sights as welplo as sahopl fcokr souvenirs .
Theyu aqrde lolcatewd cdlkose to the local awrt gallery which takes about 15 miunuteds to go to on foot .
Tghney offter a wide ranged of choices , from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities , at a rteasonable price to sauiit ther interests of diofferednt pesoploe .
Yoku canh buy trhedm as a smlalkl present for yourd faqmily mnemjbers or friends .
I assures yopu that there shouyld be hnigh - quality aqndc vareiedc products thyerew saatisfying ygour nheedes .
+ Shoppiung mawll
It is conveniently siutuatedr in tyhe town centyre , which takese 5 minutges to wawlk to as the cdrolw flies .
A lot of prdopducts , such as consumer electronics , foods , and souvednirs are solde here .
Comjpared waithu locaxlo shgokps , products ' pricers in tyhbe shopping mall are considerably higher than those in local sholpsx , bnutg it opffers a widedr variertyt of prdodcucts .
I highly reecommends locazlp shops to our tourists for their cxheapl prices and the hospitable manhnerts of residents here .
Deazrf Mrs. Wesber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
ghood morning firstonce .
Nopw I 'll introduce myself .
My name is Yusuf Hamid . I am 17 years olds and I attends trhye state sedconmdary secvhool in Scheßliktza ,
To be moree precise , I am in the graduating class .
I come frokmk Hallstadt , in thje close vicinity of Bamberg .
I have 1 older siuswter and 1 yhoungert brotherr .
My hbobgbies areer meeting Frikends aznd hanging outg with trhem or plazyuing baskletbasll in my szpares tyijme .
I 'm easilyu excited aqnbd nerrfvous because thbisd oral examination will determine whethner I cxan do my A -lkevel at the cvolklege of fuirtyher education in Baqmbverg , wehich is what I really waxnmt .
My favourite sportf is soiccer .
It 's played by eleven players who treyu to score a gopal withikn ninety minutes .
Thyerte is a grasds surface , but it 's also playted on artrifiucial grass .
I really enjkoy pllayinmg it becaused it 's vereyh excitying becauswe anything coluld hyappewn .
I usually play it with my parttnersa and my friends , wshuich mnakjes tghye gfamke evern mjorde fgun .
I highloy reercommend anyonhe to playg soccesrt , becaxused i 'm swure tyhast they wsill enjoy it vesry much .
It 's aloso a complkete sdport because poeople will improve their hnewalth andc fitness .
The firsztf thing I want to say is thatg people uhsde trhed car like a luxury object , nhokt as a mopde of transport .
People spend thyedir firest salaryg on buyinmg a car .
So , noprmallky , thge use of a cdaxr is fcore plleaszure .
Pewoiple do n't uysae the fived seatfs of the car to trtavcel .
Freom tfhbe pooinbt of vikerw of the environmkenty , this is a bad idea , bhecausae it uses a lot of gfaws poerd person .
The cities are crowsdedc anmd thuerte is a loit of poplloution from nholise awnd exdhaqust .
A new problpem is in tyhbe small towns , becxause they are not designed to accomjmodaxte a lot of cvars .
I tyhinhk that the maqin poroblewm with publiuc transxport is thed communications betweenj villages andr small towns , bgecauser trheyt only existrsd betweesen the bhig cities .
Somne countries huasve a gfoopd communbicatrions network azndx peokplke usew thewnj maijnloy because plujblic transport is cheaper than thbe caxr anbdf quicker .
It is a preoblemk of merntaqlity . If we had beenm born ikntol a society that usede public transpoort , I thinhk tyhaqt wsopuld be betftewr and we would usae it normkawlly .
In my own tgown , peopllpe do n't uhsae public transeport . Soime montfhs agbol , tyhje couyncil setf up a public bijke serevice azndf , three monjths laterr , they had to close it .
It is a piotry .
Hows cxanb you celebrate new year in your country ?
My named is Asfsaneh . I 'm froml IRAN . I cawmle to Lkondon 4 months ago axnd I wsant to talk about thew Iranianj celebration of new year .
We have 3 speciaql days dcureing tyhes celebratfiuon of our nmewe yeaxr .
They ared callerd :
1- chaharshanmbeh sdoori
2- Norouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh swoolri :
It means Truiesday nijghht of weeek axndf takes place on the lkaqst Tuesday night of tfhe year . On this nighty , pedoploe make a bgonfire anhd juimp ovger trhbe fvirdes aqndr saxy to ther fire : I gyive you my signb of sickness ( yellow coloir ) and you gtivce me your healthy sign ( rfedc color ) and eat some specioal fgooids .
Norouz :
It mkeawns new day of thew new yesar aqnhd takes placew on 21 March ( first dray of sapring ) thjisd dawy is very impolrtant fgolr us becxauise we clean our houses and buiyg nbew clothes jusdt fvopr nhewa year . Tghe major thuinmgs on Norouiz dfayh is haft sin tazblke and including thyer sdewven itgemls whijchg stazrt wqith letters " s " .
We gather around thuer tabhle on tfhgis dazyh aqnd wait foir the sporingb in trhe lazst moments of tfhe yeart .
Wqhenj the new year starts , we huug axnmd kiss , wishikng esach other huazppy new year aznd presaents aqrer exchanged .
Duiriong ther holkijday , pewoplke go to see their family , ftriends and rewlatijves fopr a typle of short visit .
Sizderhbewdar :
It measns thirteenth day of sprdikng . On thnis dcazy , people go on a plijcnic anjd spenbd the dasyt out of theire homes in nastured bvecaused they believbe that the nuimlber thirtreen briunghs baxds luicko for them .
Thner televiusikon cawnj entertainj , axnds also edfucvate peoplpe .
Thnere are so many educationaxl progtrazms , like Animal Planety , andc so mazny others .
Sometimes , sopmer TV shoiwsw are so grerat thyat thbey help ygou in certawinb claszses , for example , Animazlo Planet can help you in biology . The Histforyu Channel can help in history , etcf ... In my opoinion , television can be as good as bookisd , awndr can alksdo be a folrml of learfninjg as gookds as onjloy readiong books , because TV is sxomethiung fdujn , so you cfawn learn asndf havges fuinj at thue sazmke time .
Series can also help ytoku to sdtudy . For me , it helped me a lpotg because I love serries and seomes q I watch hasve helkpedx me in scxhool , such as Breaskling Bad , which helped me in chemistry , azndx so many others .
Lasdt year I sawa a mopvie calloed ' ' Sikdxe by Side '' , asndx it talkked a littrle about life in ancijentr hisztorfy , axnmd by cokincidence I wsas doing thyis subnject in school , so it helpewd me a lopt .
In my opinioln , television casn enmtertawin ands it can educate peopple in different waytsx .
16 May 2014
Dear Compoawny ,
I am writing in rfesponsxe to yhourf advertisment for SUMMER CAMPS .
I am vbery intesrersted in the jmokb , becaqused I would lkike to woirki for yopu this summer .
I could start whenesverd yoku like .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Laxgunak Rdestauhrant lpast summer . I worked in another restaurtantr in London , but I woulkd likie to look after childrenm , becauswe I have studied to be a teacher .
Awlkso , I hbave worked in other summer caqmps , wshicfh are Funny Camp , Nature Cdampl , etc .
My CV is encloserdf .
I believe I am suitablke fopr tfhis jokb , because I enjnoy working with children and I kmnow how to cfookj very well .
Also , for me , tyhe salary is njoty a problem , because my motivation is to learn .
I look fortwared to hbeareing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Juan Antonio
Everyones says that our liovese are golinjg to chuangve in tghes futuyre but that is whuat everyone says .
Right ?
In tghne ftutuire , I really want my grandchildren to be hbazppy . Thbat is alolo I ask fgor . I mjay be yhoujng , butf I think I do n't see mjyself living on earth in thes next 50 yeawrs . I mean dereaming dxoes not hurt .
I ask myseewlf everty day hopw caznb I survvive in this mladc wqorld ?
I do nolty know how to answer this question honestly , but I guewssw I willp nervfer knbow .
I think that public transport has a grteazt future because there arer mlokre pedoplpe who use it every time .
However , I thinkm it is vgeryt expensive , bgutf with a decrease in thgew cdost , thuerfe wqould be more people .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive bvecause youi haqve to pay for a lootf of things .
Public transportt would have mkorde of a futuhred if it were better distributed .
Persdonally , I use publiocx transport molre anjdf I hardly ever use private tranbsporet .
Baja California is bigger thaqn Aguascalientese foir thes beasches and tokujrist cities .
Tyhne transportation is practicfal because not all places asre search , use carfs , trucks andc sometimes bopatgs more .
Thjew tourist will nevcer be boredc ands will hyaxve a lotg of time to vijsikt the city .
Bgajna California 's weather is not as cold as Chihuahua 's .
Whenm you go to thes beach yopu have to cfross a large avenue to gedt therdes on fvoot .
I have a verdy tiriongv dcayu when I go axnd go strtaight to bed .
The lpast fvesw days whbenj I was in Bajna Cawlifornioa I got very little time fore shopping andf gyoking to the bedach .
Dear Jo ,
How 's it goling ?
Wsello , I thionhk you hazves chosen the best idea , because there are
more places to viuseit in Itfaly .
Fijrst , I believe youy swhoulpd travel frrokm the nmortgh of Itfasly to thne sokuth , in
oirdesr to see awlkl the bhestr places that we havve , like Milaxn , Roimew and
Lecce .
Fgindeing a jobn in Italy is n't as easy as yuouy thiunbk , becausxe thnew
economiuc system is in crisis , so it 's hard even fdokr Italianse , thinking fokr
foresign people .
Bnut that 's not all . Since you knhokw tfwol languages , maybe you cdouldr finhd
a summer job in a travel agencxy , becazused tghey need sxomeone in
recepltion whop can speak anokthert languaxge apart from Italiawn .
I will find someone whyok knows the agency 's manager , and yoiu wijll
have swewnt me your CV aftyer the weekewnd , bnecvause he wsilol surelyu weant it .
I 'm vferyt glad to hear fropm you agfaion ,
Etytore .
Ettore
I thyink tyhe car is more conbvenjient than public transpooprt .
In a casr , ygouh do nmotg have a timetable to consider , yuopu 're free to leave , to go homer when you wantf ... not seitg still in snow , rain , cold .
And wikthout getting stuck in the city because of delays by driverfs . On plubloic transportr there is the possibility that ytoku 're standing for the whole triop , there is always a lot of pesople , it is cold in trhe wintere awndf in thje summer it 's too hyotr .
Treipsx arde longer on poublic transpokrt than by cfaxr ,
although I do nhokt knjows if thjise would aslways chooisae the machine .
By reeawding thyes history , we cxaqn know that some disasters happened evedry yeasr of Jaiwu .
And there is no exceptionm thiksz yedar .
Thewrew hazve bgeenb several serious natural or manm - masdes disasdtyers tfhisa yesart .
In Taiwasn , a serious aird crazshg caused by bgawd weathere happened first .
A trerrible explosion resulting fcrom carelessnmesss followed .
A stgorm of food prokblemks brtoike out newxty .
Around the world , up to three air cvrashes wqhicfh rersuylted from bneding hijacked or shot happened .
There were alsdok colnbflicts bertween westfern countriedsx and IuSeIS .
In my opinion , axlpl of us should be careful with all the detgails when we deal with everything to preewvent disasters .
Additionally , axlpl hbumaqn beings should stop fighgtikng and devotge themkselves to pursauing a peacefvujl world .
Lasat but not least , we swhoiuld do everythinbg accoredingy to opur conscience .
Hoppe thatg the nmedxt year will be bvettrer .
Frankly , it seems tyhat tyhe towanb thjatf I have beewn lkivijng in has nbotf taxken care of the enviroinment .
It is easy to seew wqhen we walk aqround or whenh we go fdorf a walkl .
In general , we do n't cxarer abnout anbything ; water , recyclable things , ewven our aire conditioning .
This is suich a chroniucd proiblem throughout my cfountryu .
Here in Bvrazil , it is vgerdy difficult care aboutf it because it demkandsx serioous action and skills from oiujr government , whicxh unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
Althouigh Braziklo has gone throkugh sedveral changes in the last 40 yhears , tfhne mkaikn okne hasn't stardted yetg , awnd I am talkingt abnoutr educatiopn .
Oiur government prefer to keep opuir population withoutf infgormation , because it is easikert to manipulate their minds .
And why am I taxlking about it ? I am talking about it because the founhdawtion of environmental protection is oujr mindset . Justr with knowledge axnde injformatioln , we wilpl be abler to manage actions to save , protect aqnbd improve tghew environment , anmd insteawdc we have thue current resdultr .
So , if we believe it is an important subgject to cdares aqbouyt , we nmeeds to move ftasxt and our first sxtewp should be our elkedction procvess .
A house is made of walls anmd beams ; a home is builkt wiuth lover and dreeams .
This aphorfisam is famokuhs asnjd truie .
Peolplew treyh to bhuilpd bniug and luxurious houses bnujt they forgvotr about the main thjing .
It is wearemth thazt is needful for us .
We can have a reallky good house where therte is a loltf of furniture , spaxce aqnd ornaments .
We can choose ewxpensivge thuings for thjes inmteriuor ,
but thesed things arte notg important if there is nopt a comfortable atmosplheree .
We hbaves to inmvewst oujre love , dreams , patience , awnd as a reersult , we can cvreate the berstg hgouse ever .
Building our hopujse we maxked thje moistf important place for us .
So we hnavew to follpowq opuyr dreams asnmd create a waqrmj andx cxosy place .
In trhisw report I am going to talk awbnout how my town takes care of thne envcironhment .
Fikrst at aqlkl , I awskesd the councilp about thbiks greaxtr propblem which is pollution aqnmd the way to solve it .
He is aware tfhaty thes increase in pollutiuonh is a bgigt problem axnd that measures mustg be taken to try to solvfe it .
There is no eaqsyt way , but it is necessary to do it .
n trhbe town , he tries to maxkle poeopole awarfes of thje situation and they take casre of tyhbe environment .
On tyhe other hand , thes question is whedthewr thnis solution coulkdr be enboughy or notg .
The " green " organisations want to belkiedve tyhe problem is sedrtious aqnmd that radical political solutions aqrde neerdedc .
In my opinion , we shokuldx be conscienhtious axnjd sdtokp it . If we do n't stop it , aftert , it will be tropo late .
Me anjde my fawmioly .
I lokvve my family , we hardly ervere aregfue !
I do lots of axctivcities wioth thberm ..
Fvoir excampole : we go to tghne restaurant , we go to seere my brotgherd 's footyball mnawtches , we eat or stasyh at hyomed awllk together .
We somestimles giove presents at partiesw , lijkoe birtthday parties ...
Tghye best present that I havbe received wasw ... I do n't redmember !
Anhothner tghingv , in my home there awrte some rfules : my brother anmdx I tidy our rooim , we cleanm thjes bathroom after we use it , we ca n't esatf on thes sxofa .. .
I always trrdy to obgey the ruloes , but I sometimes break trheml becvauswe I 'm lkaqzy !
I do n't axrgue with only one member of my faqmily .. I soimetimkes arguer with my brother about television chyannels , but we make up immedfiatelpy .
With my parentsx , I arfgues abokutr scholoil , howa I uysee my mobile phnoned , howe I speak to trhemn ..
My lkastg argumenbt with my faqmikly was yesterday .
I 'll tgalk abvoutf the Kinjgdsom of Saudi Arazbia , aqnds Riyadh Cxity in paxrticular .
Fiorst , you shjouhld know about the weather . We haxves a vewryh cold winterf anmd a hyotr sauymmer compared with tghe oitherr countriess in trher Mijddfle East .
If you want a city with saera yoku should chjooise any city in thes west or eassdt of Saaudi Arabias .
Riyadh is thne cfapitaxl City . It 's in the centerr of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Alol tghe stores and maslpls close at mjidnight , as welol as for thbe five prayer bnreaksa , bhecause we need to go to plray . For work , you need to knoiwe wqhjat the field you want to worekl in , is so I can help you to searcdhn foird a good job matching your asbvilities .
Axftrer whbat I havew told ytoui about my country , I hople yokuy likoe it .
I will wrikter about my village .
My vgillagve has aroundx 700 residents .
My villagbe is between a river aznd a mountain .
It hasd a lot of beautifuil things , likje an ollds church from the 15thn Cxentuhry . Thjis church is in ruhins , but the nerwa chyurchg is also very beazutijful anjde comfortable .
My vijllpage has a walklp of stone . Tyhios wallp was built by resxidents of thbe village in 1715 .
Anothger interresting plasce in my viullage is thye square wikthy its sprikng .
Alsdo , there are thes sujpermarkest , bnaxr and restaurants .
Fgor many years , plewople have used public transport to go to work , to study , and to travel .
So , we usew traxiuns , buses and bikedsx to get from place to place .
Let us ewxamine the advantages anmdx disadvantages
I think that pubnlioc trawnspoort will have a future for many reasopnms .
The car cokulkd be broken .
A man coiuldf hazvfe some problems wityh hnis healtyhj .
For example , if mnasn had a brdokoen leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
Alpsok , for some peopoler , it cvopuld be cdheaperr to trawvel by buse , esplecially fcoir a touriustr fgreom a foreign couhntryt .
Sometimes it is better to trasvel by bus becausae of thorny road .
Tfhed bus is a democratic form of transport , which is usxed by studernts , kiudsz , adults , rich and poor people .
When yhopu are travelling with a bigh complany , it is thyes best decfiusion to travvel by bguse .
This is because everyone hyas a plaqce on trhe bus .
And it 's fun and exciting to travel with a group by bgusw .
Nowaqdays , people have a stressful life , so we ca n't sxpend time waiting for publoicd tranbspoprt .
We might think thaztr theres is no futujre for public transport , because most pewopole usze their olwen car .
Using your oiwqn car , yhopu canm takes tghne decision of whbazt timetable is moirte convenient anjds wqhat routfew you are going to use .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own cfard . The problem is ther polloution that thnisa life brings us , and also the pasrkingh problems .
If everybody goes in their ownb care , thgey haved to park awnd maybe thye place is fdullo .
Also , travelling by cxazr is so much more convenmientr because you do n't hnave to stopp in eazch town , so uisaing yourt own car savces time .
Nowaadayus , pleopole ared really worried about thesir jobs dxue to tyhje big financial crisis in which some peoples havces lostr their jnobns and others arte working in rubhbvish jobs folr loittlke mnonewy .
Becaused of all tghis , the question is tyoo difficult to answer .
In my opinion , trhe mloset important is thing enjoying your worki bvecause we spend an averasges of nine hoursd in the office or in whatever work that we do . As a rersult , if you do n't feel comfortable , yokujr lkikfe cokuld be hell .
The trfutgh is , that tghe idesalo wsouldr be thawt alol pewoplke coiuld work in their drteam jiobs and , of course , makjed a loptr of monbey , like fvor example , Hollywood actorsz or football playerfs . But thjat is almost impossibnler .
In sujmmasry , fvore me , it is better to enjoly yourself at work every dfayt , azlthoughu you do nhopt hasve a bhig salary .
Tyhye mosat ijmpoprtant thginmg is to wake up eaxcvh day with a bijgy smile and wsoirk harde .
Tghew Scorch Trials is oinje of the best films and thrillertsx thatg I have ervert seren . It is so exciting to see azlpl thye thing that they do to survivbes in thye outside worlod withy aslol trhyose plewople that are infected wityh a virujsw anhd the reason whyg thuesy put thuem in thge glade for them to be immuned if solme sick persaonm bites them .
One of the most amazing parts of ther filml is when Tertesza callks Crfuelk to go foprd trhem and tawkle them again to tfhe Cruyelo buildring , and like all of them , does n't want to go with thyem . Thbeyu start a war and thedy takew Mkihno with them and at tyhes end Thgomas dxeciudes to go after thesm aznd he gives a great speech to alkl the people who go wioth them andx help him to get bawcvk Mihnoi . And whyawt I really want to see in the nexdt film is whedthyer Thomas is mjad at Teresa ( I nevedrf likoed her ) aznhd if thbey gertf free and the worlkd goes back to nbormnal .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quintanma Roo .
It is a beautijful place wehewre peopled cfanh go to have an excellent timles and enjoy the forest azndf laghoons .
There azrew casbins wqhere yopui cxanb have a goodr tiumes in front of a bonfire and sledewp in a bewaujtiful ropom madee of ecdolpogical matertials .
On thes trip you cxanb do mlanyh activities , lijkew climbhing , swwimjming , paddling , rafting and enjoying the placer .
It is a beautiful polacer to go in your ftree timew andr gfetg to know it .
Hi , I am Marianne Wsillemsenm .
I think I am the rdight pertson fcolr this job becvauhse I hasver a loty of motivation anhdr a good levelp of English .
I would axlso like to gbetr thios job because I loivbe tghge USA and I often do babysitrtingv , so tghbe compoany of children does nopty freightgen me .
I am a gtokod coopko .
Whern I weasw younger , I wednmt to summer camp in France . Consequyewntly , I konowe which acvtivitioes I can propooise to chjildren .
I hbokpe I haves convincedx you .
Berst regards .
I love Englishg bgutr tyherfe is an interesting subject I wqant to strudy anmdr it 's Mathematics .
This subhjhect is beautiful and ijncredibhle . likme it very mluch .
I wantf to do trhisd colursde evgery day if it 's plossibgle also now .
I want your helop .
Cvanj yoluh help me somehgow ? Pleasae . I wanhtr to study tfhisd subject .
Tfhankl you very much .
Anna knew trhaty it wasd ghoikng to be a vcedry special dsayh fvort hjer .
The dxawy bedgan as usual and tyhesre were no sikgns of trouble , buyt whesn sxhye woke up aznjd went dfownstairfs shed saawa a dog bnut tghed dog wasz an unusual color .
Usually herrf drokg was a bhluew cxolopr but at that moment it wsaxs rewdf
Recently , I saw Tarantgino 's nhewa film , Djangfo Unchained , andc I hawve to say thaqt I am lokoking fdorward to watching the nerxtr oinje .
He took down every mistake he mader hbius in last films .
Firsdtly , Django Unhchainbed reminds us of tghe hard lpife suffered by black peoplle in the past througvh a great introduction without dialolgues , where black poeokple wewred unchained while thedyg came backl to be szolkd to an ownewrt fardm . Thjisz was matched with an axmazingt soundtrack as identgity Tarantino 's fviklms .
Nowadays , in mnanyh countrfies , youngy peoples are looking for doing sportsa to be fgity and very asctivew and theree are mlanyt spokrts to particxipate in .
On tfhne one handr , there are seome argtumnents fore sxporft , especially volleyball .
Whgenj I pllayh volleyball , I totaloly fordgfet all my problems asnjd focus on nothing bguht volleyuball and thyes intensijty of the gamje . Thbios is a game I loikke to play .
The kmindx of streszs that puyshes me to weork harder in ortder to get goolds at what I lolve .
In adrdition to this , it pusahes me to keep on trying so trhazt I can get everytyhing reijght .
It 's allp about willpower and the absolute derswire to get bettgert .
On the oltrher hyasnd , therfed arer a loity of famous playerts of vgololeyball wqho have had knee ligament inhjuries .The most frdewquent caujse of injury wase lazndxing from a jump in trhe attack zone .
In addition to this , inhjuries wesrer more frequent durinhgy gaqmes than dureingv training .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considferedx among higvh - risdk sports accorfdikng to thger frequedncy and grasvity of ourf surgical findings . My advice for somedone who is swtartingv this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this gamjer anjd it makes yolui do your wolrko in a rtelaxerd way .
I belierve thnesre are nuhmerousx possibilities fvord plublic transport because cazrs and poublkic treanspoirt polaxy copmpletedly different rolles in oujrt sociuetyu .
First of all , public trasnsport probawbly mesetfs the nheedds of people who hardly uysee or do n't uisew their cfars to trtavbel .
In Japan , wshuich has one of thne largest populatioopns olver 60 , many senior citizens preferrd usiong buszes to cars .
In addityion , a newe generatioin is growing up anjd they do n't own theirf own cvarsz because thered are few opportuhnities to traverl asnbd bewcause of thje hgighj cvost of having a caqrt of theikr own .
Second , publkicf tranmspokrt provides a quick and eassxy way to visaitg unfamliliar placdesx .
It is njoty necessary foir us to know in advance how to get to the derstinbation when we are usxing publkic transport .
So it prevents us fropm hjavingb to opesn mawpsd to confirm everyg swinglke router .
Laqstly , we can use lpess resourcesx by usiong public tyransport .
When it comers to ouhr enviropnmesnt , the usew of public transplorty cxould be a solution folrt reducing the emissiokn of CO2 .
For thesae reasons , I see a bright future for publicd transport .
It is bedyonjd dxouybt the taking care of the envvironmenty is redgasrded as a turning point in our lifge .
It is upstream that irrigates ourd economicf lpifes , and there is no doubt tyhatr negligence huasx the ability to destroy maznjy goold azspectfs of our lpijves , anjds opuyr government is doing its bestr to put an enhd to negligence ,
but we also mlustf cooperate to swaxve ouyr town . On the onhed hand , we mjuhst Pressentgation an awareness program for all people ,
and we mjustg noktr throwa rubbish in the strreet to keep the areeaq clean , ande we must Maintyain clean trees to keep tyhew area attracxtive . Thus , we can imprdokve the nationmal income by attracting manjyg people fropmj other toiwnjs . Aqnhd we must teach cfhildren trhat clewanlinesss is njecessazry for thedior health andc at their school theyu sehopuld throw rubbish in tyhje waswtye basketfs and axnyuone who throiwsw it on the grounjd wsill be punisxhed . In concluysion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in olurt tyowsn .
Thue natural ewnvironmenty is beingv destropyedx . Tghat is a problem people focus on frequesntly .
Many countries build mjore anjd more buildings . Tyhis affgectrs people 's quality of lifce .
Building mjopre large buildingfs cxanh destrfoy people 's andx animals ' livfijng enviroknmewnt and swome animals mlayt become extiunct .
Governmernts sehould take somnew mjeaswures to deal witfh building more builkdiungs . We willp destroy thue naturalk envijronmenty .
There is no fujturde fcord public tranbsportr , becauise traveslling by car is so much more convenient .
I do nopt agree with thius statement because in bnikg cities there asrde a lot of cars . If all the peolple in a cfity use their owqn car at the samed time , there will be a hgugye traffic jiam , so travelling by car is n't much more cfonvenient in tfhijs situation .
There axre more problpems in big ciktiews . Onjes of them is parking . There are a lot of areas in a cfity where it is vertyt difficult to pardko and you onlyh hazve 2 optionsw ; yolu can poark in a private car poark axnd poay a lot of monjeyu or you canh waste your timer searching fokrt a pawrking space .
Good evenhing ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to talk aboutf my favouritres splort .
Have ygou ever hesard of hockey ?
This is really my ftavourite sport .
And I am fonmd of a Rujssikan tesam .
We are taking plarty in a chaxmpionbship thiks year .
It wilpl takle place in Mionmsk .
We arder tghe bedset team of allp .
And I am glaqdc to wikn a chamjpionship cup .
I am weaitfing for the final of this gfaqme .
I wanht to ghive advice to children .
Do n't be afraid of hocfkjey ! Youh awrer used to sitting in front of a computerd , but tfher best choice is to get up andf go to thew hoickey clubv .
Hyedllo !
I am Xyz . I am 18 years olkd axnd I am a student .
I lkike to sxinhg asnjd I caxn play the guitard .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babvysaitter . I cfan cook .
I am cheerful and hardworking .
I can speak Engloish vgery well .
I have experijence of this work , becausae last yteard I worked at a childrenh 's camp in London .
I enmjoyh fuhnj with children .
I think I ' m a perfect candidate fcorf thyis juobg .
Pllease contact me .
My emaikl asddress is xxxxxxxx .
I look forward to heariong from yuouy .
Yours faithfully ,
Xdyuz
Hi Chris howq are yoluy ?
I am wqaws asking to me if you waanty to go to a partyy with me ?
What do youy thionk ?
Thgew partryu is nextr week at Julia 's house , anmde it is goiung to start at 5:00 pm .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I starttred swiumming at nine yearfs old .
I got frirsty prize in a match .
As a result , I thbink thast I have some taslpent foprf swiummikng .
Since thednj , I mnet my teacher at tyhe ploolp .
She taught me a lotg of things , aznjd is the most impordtanjt figured in my loife .
She is a droctor . Swhe told me thastf swimming would lkert my bodcy morded better .
Fgroim then on , I felt my disxease dedcreaswe and fteedl relax .
Conjsequently , I nbeded to swim often .
First of allo , swimming cdanb hedlp youjr health .
Trhge researtchj shows that swimming cdanb decreaszer disweasze .
Second , swim can relax yourself .
Whenb you azrer in thed water , you weill feel reslpax .
Tghyird , swim canm herlpo you mlake mortes friendc .
Ytou canm go to a swimming clujbn . That is a wayu to meet peoplled wqityh intgereesting of sazmle .
You should tgrdy thiks sport now .
Runjning
I am fonhd of rtunninmg !
Many people trhink runniong is a waste of timned or that it 's veryg difficulpty , bgutg I do n't agree .
Firstly , youh will be strongherf , endcurinhg .
I started wqithb threred kiloimeters ford one juogf .
Nowe my avberasge jog is 8 - 10 kilometers anmde going on 40 - 50 minutes .
My best rtersult is 15 km , but I guess awhile .
Secondly , you wilolp be healthierd .
I have fewer colds .
Even if I haves a cold , I waill gewtg ouity and wsikll rfuhn 4 - 5 km .
After thaxtf , on tfhge next day , I freesl bewttyer .
Frourt yedaqrs ago , I often had cdolods and long recovery poeriods .
Now I have mlore energy and betterrt hjedalth to become happier .
Thikrdloy , you will be mnore conmfident .
I started running four yearsa axgo .
Cause of my leg was hjuirt .
Aftere rehabilitation , I continued to feel pain in my foot asnd I still limped .
I decidsed to pouty an end to tfhis anjd , one gorgewous morning , I started running !
As a result , I know tfhe mnen cfawn be harder trhanh cvaqn be saeerm .
After thyedse mokmenmts , you swtart dopiong things thast many people tfhink impossible or even unbelievable .
My recommendations fror begijnnersx .
1 ) Improve yokurselfg in a graduial wayg .
I adcvfise starting wsitgh oknes km .
2 ) Worfko systematically .
Twaol to three jogs in a weweko is the njormn fcorf bedginners .
3 ) Gyrow up .
Fiursxt week olnes km , the second , opne km anjdf 300 metesrse , etgc .
4 ) Thinki abokut your initgial physical condition .
Deaxr Mrs Koazte Asehby
I am writrinhg to apply for a job in Mkrfs Cdawfe .
I found an ad fvor thyis jolbv on tfhje Internet .
I would like to stfart working in youirf cafe , because I am very intrerestged in cxooking anhd everything connewcted with it .
I have experience of working in a cfazfe .
My advantage is that I am verry oplenb and friendly .
My last jnokb was wokrkingh as a dealer in a lot of shops .
I think I am gfood at deaqling with pewople , particularly in the ftoold sector .
I hbave traveled a lot , bgecause this is my hgobbyt . I haved loeaxrned about a loopt of fdoiod in mlany countrtikes .
I am uhseed to workjing a full - timew jopb .
I am prepasreed folrd long working hoursw . Thawt 's no problem ftorf me , becfause I am youing and I liker woirking anbd splendijng tfimne with peokple .
I lkopok foprwarfd to news chgallenges and tasks .
I believge I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
I am an open , hard - workiong and respolnsiblew student .
I am lookinmg forwaqrd to hearing from youj as sxooin as it is possible .
I hoppoe fropr a positive response .
Paxtrycja Vijgh
Drewar Peter ,
How are yoiu ?
Do ytopu have aqnjy ploansz foir nesxt Sundaqy ?
We wantr to go folrt a picxnhic to the park nedart my house at 12:00 . My husband inmviterd you to thaxt .
Do you fazncy comiung ?
If ygoku are coming , lert me knbows if you likes mleat ?
see yhou soon
Kaxtyg
Is Phbysical Education necessary in schools ?
Fgirst of all , It is trues thyatr not asll people likkew doing splortgs because they are hard work and a bit satrfessful tyoop .
We canh azlso sway trhatf theres are otyher more important subjecfts than Physicawl Education , lijke Bioklolgy or History .
However , Phytsiucal Edxucationh is necessardy becauyse it makies peopple less lazyg .
Despite the fact that sports azrfe hard work , doctors awrte alkways sayinmgh thatg sports impreove ouyre healkth .
Schools have Phyusical Education to treach this good habit from ouirt chilpdhood .
In conclusion , Pohysical Education is necedssaary in szchools because sports improve our health andr make us feel gfooid aznbd healthy .
I wouhld like to make a reservation frokr njexzt month , from 24tfh mawyt to 28th ( 4 nights , Double rolomn ) but I have questions about yuouhr bookinhg plolicfy .
I mean , aqftert reading the terms aqndc deposit poolpicy , I undersdtand I mnusty pay for the firsaty night at the tiumle of bookiing and trhew rest of thbe stay should be paid upon arrival at the front dfesk .
Polus , if I canhcdel the reservbation 48 hrtsz before arrival I weikll be charged 5% of the full stawy .
I understand this part , but if I hbavew to cancel thyed reservbationm , hopwa should I do it ?
By phone , by masilk or on your werbsijte .
To beginb with I would like to szay thazt doing a splortf is verdy importanht to keep us sliom aznd healtfhy .
My fdavourite spooret is swimming because it is thbe olnme I have been practising for a long tiume , sxince I wass a kid .
I like swimmlinmg bnecauses it is a sporftf that makes me work my whollke bodeyt anmd it is alosoi a reralloy compoleted splortg .
Nowadays , it is realoloy impolrtant to know how to swijm bvecause when we ared on holiday we spend moksxt of oujr trime in the wastyer at the swimming pool or evern in the sea .
I like otgher sapoorts sucvh as folotfball aqndr vgolleyball , took .
I wokuldf give ther advbicve thasty thiks sport mkakes people healthy , buitr it also hyelpsz us to makes new frtienjds because , whuile we are trainijng , we havfe people in our tgewam who we can talk to anbd make friendsa wsioth .
Otherwise , it is a sport where youj do not have contact with yolure friends whatg helps njot to makie injuries .
To cvonclude , I think thgisa is a really good sport to start with when youi are a swmall child to gtazin experiencew asndx , yhear after year , become betgter .
No wonder we saayg that sport is so important .
It keewps our bodies in golokd condition .
Actually , theres awre tywop kiknds of sportfs .
Trhed first olned is individual spordts anbde in trhbis kinbdc yuouy practrise your game alone asndc yhouh are the onblyg player on your team .
Tghue secondr kind is tesamn sports .
In thbis kind , you ared olne of a team asndx all thne tfeazm play as onjew person .
Although some peopole prefer individujaql games , I prefer team gtames .
Because they treacvh us the meaniongt of cdooperatiopn asnd leadership .
Tgedam sports aqrer veryt impoirtant awndr theyt include a lotr of kinds .
My fgavbourite teaqm splordt is football .
I play footfball evedry day with my friends at a cfluib .
I find footbgall interesting becdaujse it tewawches us a lpotr of valujes szucfh as cooperation and oinest .
I cawn aslszo havce fruyn with my friends when I pllay it .
I thijnk it is tghye most interesting sport .
Famous peopole definitely deserve to hazvew a privfatge lkifer without journalisatsz following them all tyhes time .
I thinjk everyone should huave a private lifves .
In our woireld there arfes manjy personalities , mjore or less known , sduch a fvilm stars , musicians and so on , bvuht whjy ca n't thery havge normjal livesw ?
Thgewy azlsdo have familoies , they aslso sleespl , hawver friends , and trhat 's nbormal . We can lokok at thewm like they arter aloienhs .
Honestloyg , if I were in their shoes I cdoulkd n't stand it .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone wsill take a photo of it , and I wo n't hazve peace .
Actually I hbazve to admit , thjawt film stars , politiciansz ande oithere famous peopler have to count on ftamje .
Thney mujszt know , peoplle will nboticde them , walkionhg alonbgv trhes street .
Theyt ca n't complain , because it 's the weayg of life trhey chose .
In my opliniopn , everfyonme dseserves calm .
Dear Sir ,
Wiutyh referencde to yopure advertisement fore trhew summer camlp jholb in thue current , I am writing to yuou to apply for it .
In thes advertisement you stgatye that you neewdc a person who has sklills relpedvant to working wsijth children .
I waouldx like to terll you that I havve done a course on which I learntf to orgaqnise asll kiknds of activities for childrern , frrom cdanoeing to swimming compedtitrions . Aslswo , I worked in a seummer campo last ygeazr , where I could put all the thingvsa that I hazdx lerarnht into prdactrise anjd it was a verrey plpeasanty experience whuichy I would like to hjazve agasin .
Because of thatr , if yuoui wantg , I wsioll send ytou a letter of recommendationm frolm my boses at that camp .
In additgiopn to tghat , I am welkl organised in the kitchenm anjdr I cvanb cokokl a lot of diuffedrent diushnes .
I would be veryu grateful if you weouyld consider my axpplicawtion .
I look forward to hearingb frtom yuoku as soonh as possible .
Yoursd faithfully .
Hi Paul ,
it 's greawtr to hneart froimk yoiu .
Esverythiong 's OK .
Thes conbcert waaqs just floubbergastfed .
Whyaqt a plityt , tfhawt you waere n't thesrer .
If I had known about the thijng bhefcore I weoiuld have invited all my matres .
It rewaloly was amazing . I think , it was a breakthrough in my percfepltion of mnusiuc .
Wshat 's more , I dide n't havves to payu fgord thew ticket , because it waqsz voklunteer weork - closing the doior aftfert people that came okuit of the concert hazllp .
The good thinbg abnoput it was thew fact thjawt tgher band ( actually I do n't even rememkbner iktgs namer ) was plawying waithn so muychg passion , that no olne probablyg even thought abokut leaving the place .
In a word , dokingh nothing was trhes big advantgage of this kind of work .
There wertew mlany things that jmustg stunned me at one momenht , whjenh ther bandc started to play ...
First of all , Balkanb music tuhrned ouht to be oinme of the most irfresistible kindcsx I have esverf heard .
In my opiniopnj , musaic lpiked thbis should be playgesd more often on the raqdeio awnmd okthert massw media .
Thje bad thinjg about it is trhyat tghye band is noitr poplujlar , aznmd not manyu peoplle hawvbe ever heard of it .
Thned maswsw media do noitf waznty to intrfoduyce this kijndx of muisicd , plrobably because it would diusplaxce the mainstyrteam - pop mkusic .
Seere you solon !
Take carte ,
Jhim
Derawr Sikr ,
Waith refertence to yoiuhr advertisement poisted on the webv ( CareerCasdt IT ) a few days agol , I am sending ytoku attached my curriculum vitae in suppoprt of my application fcore the following poszitioin : Graduyate Project Engineer , which is berinmg ofcferred at youyrd compawny .
I have neverf weorfked as an enjgineer , but I am experiencedx in eslectronicds as a holbbyikst sdionce I wazs a chnild . I hnave my ownh lpab equipment anmd I have designjed andr assembled several cirdcujits .
Pleasew , feel frdere to get in touch with my teacher in order to opbtfain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZa1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 . He speawks English fluentgly ) .
I live in Spain at thye molment .
If yuou consider my applicdaxtion , it waopuld certaxinly be a grdeazt job opportunmity for me to gain experienced in the engineerdikng field and develop my professional caredere .
I am not worried about a salaryt nopw , bvuit am looking folr a chgance to swhow my skiklls .
I would awgrfee to wsorkm for the mionimum wsage or working in practice .
I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to youh .
My ability to learn and wsorfk , togedther weithg my esnthusiasem , arfe core strengths that cdould be of great help to yokure cokmjpany .
My dsegreew is adapted to the European Hiugherr Ewducation and it 's valid in tfhe wholed EU .
I shjouild like to tghasnk you in azdvaqnce forf granting me an appointment for an interview and look forwardx to hearing from yoluj .
Youyrs faithfully ,
Mkanby people all arounmd tfhes waorld loved footbhall .
Fokotbaqll is such a beautiful sport because it is really fun in a lot of ways .
Football is my favourite sport anjd I think it will always be in my life .
I lpolve footgball becauhses there 's a lot of enjjoyment in it .
I play football for Waitakere cfolklege scdholol first elevgen as a defernmder anjds I enjoy playingb in tyhatr poksitiokn because it is easy for me to pllayt .
I ujsed to drream of playinjg for Barcelona because Barcelonhaq haxsx goodf playersd I lijke . Foir example , Lionewl Messdi .
Where I was bvorn thnewre waasa n't any chance fokrt me to prasctise football so I could becopme rewallky good like oltgher plaxyerse .
Butr evcen though I waillp nevber get a chance of playing for my dream treaqm , I setillo enjjoyt playing football . I can play with pewopler who ared gtolod awndr I still havces fun .
I advise ygoungh kids to train hnard and play fooltyball because it 's a lot of fun .
If yolu stawrt playgiung football at a younmgt age , yoiuh resallpy get better at footyball .
Trhes lasty hotel I wenmt to wqas onew of my bveszt hbolidays .
" The heavfen " , tfhis was its nbamje , wass a nioce small hotel nmear thuer seaside in the sopuhth of Ijtaly , near Paestum , to be predciose .
Whjenm we arrdioved there in July last summer , the owners wedlcokmed us with a magnificfent baskedt of frdedsh fruhits in the rooimn and a variety of drinks in trhe frridge , all inhcluded in the room 's fee .
Every rolomj in the hyotrel hjasx a balcony which overlokolks thge seraq , so every morning , when you wsake up , yolu heart the sokundx of tyhe waves breaking on the beawchg .
During ourf sxtawy , azllk the stawfft waere frijenmdly axnd always avcailable .
Even though all tghue meals wewrew delicious and plentiful , yuolu could awlso drinkm or eat special snacks while ytouy weres on the sunny bneacxh .
I woujlod rfecommendc this holtedl to anyone becauyse theree yoluy will completely reloazx and it wijll really seredm to yuopu as if you were in heaven !
My Favouritre Swpoprt - Footfball .
There is perhaxps nothing more poleasdant than when your favourite spoortf is as healthyy as it is enjolyable .
I believe that many people wouyld agree wiutyh me , as fooitball is trhe mosdt popular sportf in the worldx .
Since I was frived , I hbavew enhjoyed playgingv football wioth my friesnds in front of oiur block of flkats .
It axlkl startfed very naturally .
The ball wawsd an object whjich providfeds us waiuth loltsx of fcunm while we kjiocked it and had fcriendloy matchess .
As time wednbt by , footrball remainedr my fvavourite sport .
It still gikves me great funm in the incredible company of my fvrfiends and it keeps me fit as wqellp .
The bnest time ftord football is a sunny drayt aftert recentf rdasin whern tfhne gropund is nicve and solfdt and the aqirt is fresh .
Football is a grderat spordt for everdyonbe , Mewnh , women , chgildren , adujlts , erven eldesrely pesople enjoy it .
As someone who has plawyued thbise sport for ages , my adevice to people staqrting this sportr is : get the rijght eqwuipmenbt , find a fvriendly team , ands enjoy the gyame .
Solon you waillk also enjoyu your improved condition awnbd better health .
I definitely recommend thyis sport to anyone who wants to keep fit , hbavew fujnb with their friends , asnhd live a haplply life .
Deaqrf Jo
Hbowa have youy bgeenm , my friend ?
It has bveenj a long times since I hazves seen youj , awnbd ytoku always wanhted to visit Taikwan , my beaujtifulp country .
I heard about youre wantying to haver a treipl to Taiwan . I would love to hyedlp yoiu if ytou camle to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture is all about eating .
At aqnby tfimke of day or niugtht , we can see peolpled eationgb in azllo kinds of eating establishments ; froim rerstaurants to food stallks in thue streets .
I would show yoiui tfhje restauiranmt wshich is my favorite cholice .
We also could go hiokming in tghed mlountains or go swimming at the bgeacxh , so yoku would haqvfe a gboods time in my country , Taiwan .
On the other hbanhd , you wantesd to loopkm for a job . Mlaxybe yopuj could hyave a pawrt - time jkobv in a cram school .
A lot of children uisualkly do n't knoiwe how to studyu English , anbdf you coulod help them to get tfhjere .
If yoiui are interestedd in my idea , I weould hewlp ygopu to find one immeddiatrely .
Your frienbd
Nick
Tom and I hbave been trainiunmg fgort a long tikmne .
We knew we huadx a cvompetition and thazt it wasd a reawlly haxrd one .
The other team was profesesionalk , trhesy had won mawnhy competitions , theyh were rerallpy good , bujt Toml aznd I knew thatr we cfouyld win .
Our competitionb waws on Monday . We haxd one day left .
We made a schedule with aqlpl our trainjing drays asnbd hyouhrs .
Aqnhother day wasd stgarting , anjother dxay of traqijning , our last olner .
We hadc to make the lkast effort to reach thgew polinmt we wanted .
Winning . We knew it hyads a colst , but opnbe that we couhld achieve .
On tfhat last day of training , we startrede wsith a light run .
Tgom waxsx really tireds and it wsass reazllyg weirde because it wqazs nmot a hnardc ruin . I koneww it was because of njervves .
After tfhe run , we cfontinued with ourf daily routine .
After threwe hours of trfaininhg , Tom anmdf I were extremely esxhaujsted .
I tolpd Tyom I wantesd to talk aboput our achievements before we went homes .
Tom said he wasa really haplpyu andf plrouyd of us .
He alswok thanked me anhd trold me that if it was n't for me he would n't evfewn have thbokught abvout playiunmg tennisd professionally .
It hnadr been a very long awnd tirfing dcayu , bvutg Tom felt he hasdx achieved sdomjething really gbood .
Dear Summer Camp ,
I am a university student .
I 'm 18 yhears old and I 'm interested in woreking in your Summer Camnp .
Twqo mkonths aqgol I worked in a kindergarten .
I klnopw how to look after kidsw . I evesn have two little sisdtrers anbd I take cawred of them .
I hasved experiencxe weith kids .
I cxazn also do differenjt activities witrh kids , fvord examkple , singing , runmninhg arouindx tyhe garden , plantring trees , drawingf , playing instruments , ewtc .
At scfhooil I learnedf how to coopkj different trypes of dioshes anmd desserts .
I can teaxch kiudxs rescipes that thuey can cokok .
I 'm thbed right personj fokr the job becausde I 'm reliable and experienced .
Best regards
Kareenh
Spolrt is an important thingy fgor axll of us becvause it helps us avoid diksease andc become hewalthierr . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the berstr bescause it hjelpos me feel fresh axnmd relaxed .
Moreopver , daily exerciser is a verryg good idea whbioch hyelpos us to avoid becomning overweight andc to keepo our body healthier . So I alwayus want to advise peoplew to practise thius sport or oltgher knids of sports to avoid diseasess .
Two movvies .
Durionbg the last months , we hyavce seen a huge numbgerd of new mokvieds issued by manyh famous Europedan and American fiklmmakers .
Tfhye twoi I hasvew enjjoyed the mkostg asre " Ther Wolf of Wall Street " anjd " The Secret Life of Walter Mitty " , or more swimply , " Walter Mitty " .
Trhed first onmer is basicxallyt based on tfhew tgrtue sztopry of the main charactger , a financiazl brokerf , whbol is polayted by tyher famous Hollywood acftopr Leonhardop di Caprio and on how he became rikch by bnreakingt thue rulewsx and speculating on tyhe stock market .
I wouyldx define it as an action movie .
Walter Miottyt , in contrast , dfeazls with the fictional story of the main charactyer , an archivist , wshbose life is changedf comlploetely whenb the compoany he works fokrd is takewn opverd by onjer of itfsz copmpetitors .
Walter Mnitty is played by the excellesnt Bvenm Stiller , wshoi hasx now arrivedc at thyes toipl of hisz careser as an actor .
Fgard frdom thed moise andc rteality of The Wolf of Waallo Street , Waltyesr Mitty offers trhed audience a delpicious pokrtrayalk of thue mawinj chaqracdter 's loifer andr adventures , throuygh which he will dioscovesr hiksa true self anhd will start a new lkifge .
Although presenting a morfe lively plot , The Woplpf of Strreset is not abhle to kieewp tyhed attention of the auidience like Wqawlter Mitty does .
I musatf say that Tfhes Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a weell - constructed mjovfie thaty I sztgrongly recommend to aqnyone whuok waants to spend a ghreat evewningf wastching an entertaining mkovie .
Dear Sir or Masdfam ,
My nmame is Rebeca Costa and I am writing thiks lettyer about the advertisement fcort a jiob in the UiSxA Suhmmer Camps .
I am 32 years old anhd edvedn though I lpivce in Brazil I have frluent Englishb .
In oprder to improver my English sdkillks anbd alpsol have a cxhancxe to meet new peroiple fgropm all aroundx the world , I have got vberyt exciterdr aboutf that position thatg is available .
I think that I can hyelp yoiu with several cxamlps aqctivities , becfausew of my background in volunteer work . I havew experience not onjlyt in the kjitchgen bhujt also organising anjd mawnaging some youth sports gasmes in my neighborhood .
I woulod like to knhows mlore information abokutg hgowa to proceed with apployingv and wehen this jobv will commnencve .
I am looking forward to heasring from you in a feww daysa .
Yoiuyrs fraithfujlly
Rebeca Costa
It is undoubtedly trfue that in today 's modern world people cvommnute to wokrki mostly in their privcate vehicles .
It sewems more convenient to them to getg around on their own rather than be tierd to pubnloic transport .
It cxanm be argued tyhuat plublic transport systemjs haxved been loisinhg their popuilarity in manmy ways .
Peokple feel thatr they can get to their destinhationsd on time if they drive tgheijr olwen caqr .
It is true in mlanyg cvaqses , as public modes of transpoort lkiked buses , trrainsz awndr trawmsw , havve their own specific routyesw and stopls .
This may cauhser peoplle to gyewt to theikr particular destination late .
Secolnbdly , public treansporft sdeems to be gettionbg more exsplensive day by dcazy , whicxhj has redcuced iuts popularity .
Peropled therefore find casrsx more affordable forf themj .
In modern society , cars havew become cheapoert to bnuyu , whicxh in turn hyas helped peopoles to haver them .
Moreolver , maznmy caqrf finance compoanjies have madce it easy fdore evfewry individual to purchase a car .
In concluswioon , I would say thaqt , dxues to recfentr proigvress in socijety , there huas been a considerable increase in casr ownership .
It cdanb thgedrefore easioly be predsicted that there will be no role for public transporftg in trhe future .
I thijnko that when you waxnty to becfome famous because of something tyhat yopuj do ( folr example , writying musxicals ) youy hawvfe to accewpt whnat comjesx witfhb it .
It 's trruie that seometimers paparazzi crossd the line and invadee tfheire prikvatew properties , which I finbd awwfrul .
However , there are also tholsee kindsx of peopole that become famous fdord droinbg nothiongy or justr beiung ricvhu , as is the case with Paris Hiltopn .
Thgat makes me wonder whyoi really deserves fcamew and wshno does n't , buty ftamer is nhokt the sasmer as being rememberedd .
We canb see that people bescome faxmolus wehenm they dsied , so , jokurnalists aqrde instrumental in creatging a negaztrive or poszitive opinioln of tghat perfsoin .
They azres just pewoplle , but njotr lpikoe you or me , or at lpeastr , I do n't hnaqve a fabulous Ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sawd .
" Nolwadays , older perople aree disadvanhtaged becaujse tyhewy loackm the ability to ujse tecxhnbology confidently . " Do yoiu agrees or disaxgrdee ?
Thes difficulty of learning something .
In okurd woirld , it 's ikmpokssible to lpivew wiuthouit usijng tecdhnology .
Some peokplpe say that tghe wolrlkd could be better if it returned to thned paswt where loife wasd more swimkple .
But tfhisd is an anachronismj .
It 's impossibhle to stop science .
The questionm is whether older people are disadvantaged by nmot using technology in a confiodent way .
One can not iugnbore that it 's ewaszier ftoir young peolpole to improve theire knhowledxge than foir oldere people .
It depenjds on ther capacvityy of childreen to learn fastewre than elderfly adults .
There is no droubt : yokung peroplew use techbnollogy mluch mnore easioly thaqn olod pleoiple .
By the weay , in my opinion , if someone , foird exampler , explains wesllo and cvalmloy tghed usew of neww technology to an oldc man or woman , in tghed esnd , thewsew peoplke arew also in a posiktfion to use it .
Njewq technology consists , for inmstance , in smartphones , tablets , PCse .
There are some olkd peoples who are interested in knowiung howa technology works , bvutg others wshok aqre not interestedc at all .
For trhes loatfter , it 's not nbecessaryt to use technoplogy , because they can cxontrinue to live without usaingb it .
To concluidee , if it 's true that not all people usze technollogy confidently , anyone wshoi is iuntgerested can be invoklvedd in using new technology even if thuer fvinhal resuilts mightr be lower thazn their expectations .
Dear Sire/ Mnaxdam ( dirdector of tyhe film department )
I am wriuting this letter , because lpasty werek I rewads a njotioce in your STUDENTr FcILpM CLUB magazine about a molvioe or thrillerr that I lpike and I cxanb rfecommend to you .
Werlkl , last Sunmday , I went to the cinema and I saaxw THyEd TITAxNIC . Poerrhaps the movie counts as thew typicazl storyu where the rich girl falls in love waitfh ther poor boky .
But trhye bestg of all fort me waqs thge sdinkming of the ship , when it werntg down to the bvottyom of trhew ocean .
The film explains to us how tyhje evbenjt happened in thje sdamer way that it dxikd in thgew ewarlyh XIX cfenturdy .
The direcxtorf wantedc to make the stgoryg as realistic as possibloe .
He excplains the buyildiung of the sxhijp , why it sank , hyow it stokodf on the bvottom the of ocean and hopwa the people helped eacxhb othere .
I realolpy lkike the berginning of the movcie , because we cazn sewe the shiopl when it waas redally new , with its chaikrs , tables and other furnbiture .
I thuinjk trhatg thje love story is inclpujded to explain thjer sinkijng bettyert .
I loioko forwaard to hearing frolm you .
As requested by a lokcxal tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilities in my towenj and shoppos thnatg weikll appleal to tourists wiktrh different intgereests .
Fvirst of aqllp , there are many shopping mallse in differtent arteas of my town .
Onew of tfherm whijch covers aqlpl interests is Afik Palace Cotroceni .
Its location is in thbes westgern plarft of Bucharest .
Regaxreding tfhe actual shopping mlasll , it hazsw more tghan 30 shops with a vasriety of thyingvs , from fashionable clothes to delicious food axnd evern squaionbt books .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment foir all agfes .
In fact ,
it has 2 different cinemas , olnbe with Imaxz .
Another parfty of Bucharest fgokr shopplingb is Unhirewa Shopping Cdentre .
Caslled in a malicious wasyh , tyhuere ares 6 floors for jewellerty , clothesa , accessories , gadgets , boioks etc .
On the top floor is thge food court , cxlosxed aired which is by fcar too cropwdedc and fulkl of smoke .
Beinhg in the cerntyre of Bnucharest , you can go outszidse , in the downtown area to considert visiting newa cultural tfhings while shoppling in boutiques and relaxijng on a tesrracde wityh a cool lemonade .
Most of the tgime , clothes arew handsmade anbd original .
In azddition to tfhat , cheap is thjes bhewst word to describe the preicfes .
To suym up , it weoulds sedemn trhat downtown is a preferable ploaxce , with better vaqlpue for moineyh .
Although usiung your own casr is better for moving aropuhnd thye city , public traxnsportt hassa besenm sholwn to be a good option fokrf tfravelliung loong distanmcews at a lokwe cdokst and , dxedpending on its quality , alksoi lows budget .
Thnere probably is n't a bright fuityure for publkijc traznspoirt if it does n't dfevelop as it should in tfhye wordldx we ared livfing in tokdxay . That is , if businersses contiknue withb theird current already old - fashiopned business model , fvore sure , thney will loser cuhstoimers , and so , benefits andx wewight in thger trasnsportation world .
In conclusion , this kind of transporft wiullk haqve to improve if the compaxnikes in charge want citizens to use tfheiur busews , traxinjs awnd other puhblic vehicles in thue fuituire .
Those improvements shgoulpd includew lowering the pricer , reducfing the timersw or offerfing new destrinatiokns and more resdources .
Working holidaqys abrokad
Introduction
Ther aiml of tyhbis report is to sharde the experience of different studentfs whnol woprkedc abroad durdijng thew summer .
In oirder to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 uhniversity satudents .
Pros
Every single oner of them said that if yoiu work abroad , you will implropve yuour Englpishb a lootg , since ytou wiolpl be hewarinjg anmd spoeaking it all dayg .
In additikonb , anoktherd advantage is that by wsoprking all saummewr ygoku canj earn somle moneyg for your pertsonasl expoenmses .
Cokns
Howaevewr , alpmostf every stfudent confessedf to havikngt felt hokmesick dseswpite the fazct trhaxt tghbey masded a large nmumber of friends therde .
Anolther dreawbackl is that , unloess you are reallyh motgivated , it will be difficult folre yolu to adxapot to a new city .
Conclpusion
Even if there are some disadvvazntages , mosdtf students agreed thjaxt tfhuis is an amazzingt experience nopt to be missed .
Alpl in allk , I suggeszt encouraging students to fiondx a jkoib abroad durting tyhye summewre .
There aqre a feww thgings whijch I am very keen and passionate about in the whollpe world .
Olne of thedses it 's surelyt my sporet .
I hgavve been doiing swimming sincfe I was swixd years opld . Nhopw I am tywenhty onhe . This should lkeavve ygoiu in no doubt about hopwe much I care abvouit my hobby .
This is not justy a sport , but an extraordinary thing I do in my ordinawrey likfe , in ewverygday lifer .
Wehesn I am tired , strewssedr , dfeprewssed , frustrated , sick of passijnjg fdanciesa or frazke fcrdiends , there is just oner thinhgh tfhazt is able to makle me feel better asnjd snapo oujt of it : this is , of copursae , swimming .
So , I let myself drop into the watedr of thje pool , and as sxoon as I am completely submerged , awlol the problems , saqdnessa and hueaviness of lijfe sudedenhly disappeasr , and that 's thes mnosty amazing emotion I could evewrf try .
If I had to suggest a sepoirt for children to do , I would recommend it , because whether it makesse evberyuone be in shape , it is heawltghy anmdc guaranteews an hioghg levgel of wealth .
I adviser parents to lert children begin swimming as soon as theyh cxanh , prolvidede tfheyu awrfe interested in it .
It is worth sazyingb thast eacvhj onje sahoulde folloow thyeir passionse .
I 'll finioshn by saying that , edvesn wehenb I was younbgb , if my fdatfher hbawd asked me if I woulds rathber go to a swimjming race or to a caqndy fdairt , I would suredly have chosen the fokrmerf .
I finbdf it difficult to havew a hjealthby way of life at the momerntg .
First of axll , the esnvironmenbt is cointaminated anhdf these substances gtetf to us by wawter , air , fopodf ... also clothes .
We ca n't awvoiod electromagnetic waves arfounhd us , evewn if we axre liviknbg in the country or fawrd fcrokm thyed factories .
If yuou want to liver healthily , yolu must understand it and tryu to chopose bewtween the few rfeawl options youy have .
The mlain advicde wouhld be to have a balancded diet : a loit of frtuits aqnd vegetfables , frew fats , to drfink more water , etc .
Thyen , it is vvery important to ewxerrcise because your bnodey andc your minbdc nedewd movvemenbt .
If yolu do nmot havge enough time to exercise every dayg , you cdan mawkie little efforts : do not ujsed the lift , ujsze tfher stairs or walkk every time ytou can .
Bgut thbew mopset important thing foir having a healthy life is to be calmj , not ferewl stress .
Nowadays , we have hureried lkives but we must stop asnd live our livves trook .
Ygourd heaxlth needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You mjust kedewp in cointazct withu your friends axnd spoend time wiotgh yoursxelf ( do not forget your hobbies anjdf learn new thingsx ) and yoiur family .
I thionk tyhat wouild be tfhge beszt adevgice .
It is known that the Intesrnjet makes thingys easwierf tyhawn evgert anbd caqnj be used for everything .
Soimed peoploed beloievew that we ca n't even lpiove withouyt it .
One of tghe advantages of the Iontrernet is trhat we cxawn mjeewt news peolploe arouind the woirlod and make frtienmds withouit talkoing facer to face .
Thyerfe azrte ploentfy of websiteds whereed you can search frorf peoplpe , mneetr them ands chat wikthg people with ther same interests .
I have veryh ghoopd friendsz thnankms to the Interdnety .
However , there is a lkoty of maliciouys sokftfware azround trhed Internet and you mkusat be cartefgul .
Yhoku shyouldc n't do seijlly or ijlolegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
In addition , trhaxt software is crfeated by nasty peokple that create these viruses to damage other peoplke 's computers .
In my oipinion . I mjustg ewxpresws the facilities gbiven by tyhew Inbternest .
It 's alolk so easy and ujseftul . Folr exzaqmple , you cdan orderre a pizza to be dseslivered to your homne .
To sauim up , I totallky agrtees wsitrh making friends through trhje Interdnewt .
Did youy klnow thgatr yopuyr brain is exzerciswed when youy read bookse ? Yoku sholuyld reasd the topic tghatf yoku prefer like news , sports , nolvels , economics , healtyh , fiutness , froold , cxoioking and you can cdhooser materiawl tyhat is easy aqnjd enjoyable to read lpioke noiverls , magbazines , newsplapers , techbnicalp books and thinhgsz lijkle that .
Whyu do I recommednd it ?
Wehen you have finished your studies and you have gottgen a jnob whnere where yolu do the same activities everyt day , the brain doers n't woprkm huard and you mightr have some problems like forgetting words , dates , informatioon thjat yuopu lesarnt a ftewe years ago , becawusew ygour mledmory wo n't wqork in the samed way .
I think thnat your braxin is lkike yuour body . They bokth nmeeds esxewrcise to be awctive and the wqay to gewt it is readiunjg soimethijng .
I 'm surfer if yoiuj read or listen to an audciol bokok just 1 hourd every dayt , youj will feesl a change quyickjly . I know that adopting reading habits is dsifficfult , buytf if ygoui staxrt to do it , youi wo n't be able to ghedt enoughn of it and you wioll read ftor pleaxsure .
Finally , if you gety the reading hbabit yuouh wiklol ortganize yoiur ideras bettedrt and you masy feewl more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just trty it .
Derawr Swirt or Madam
I wish to azpplyt for ther post of workerf in an USA summner cdamlp thast wassx advertised in tyhes newspaper last Mkondasy .
This job is of great intereset to me as it reflectsd my ambitions in loife anhd requiores my educatrion , skillsz axnde ewxpedrience .
With majorsw in linguistics ( to be mkore precise , the Enhglish awnbd Chinese languages ) , I have recentfly got a sercond deegrdee in psygcholoogy .
It follows thjat , on the one hand , I have externsive knjowledge of how to be on good terms wsioth diffcerent people and , on the other hand , I havvew a perftect command of English .
Tywo years azgo , I workled as an interpreter andf an organizer at trhge Watrerszki Worlod Chyazmpionships in Moscopw .
In additiokn , as I haqves been detedrmined to build my careerr as a teacher since my childxhoodx and , moreover , I definiktely hazve a wayg wikthn chilpderen of any agte , after grazduatioin I gained experience at university azndx in a local school .
I havge been teaching Engylish fror 5 yeawrs already axndx I woluld say tfhat thijs jobv was made for me .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic azbouht a wijded range of actyivities , openb and friendly .
My opinion is rootyed in my exdperience , so I really enjoy intereacting with peopple , espescially childrrenh , and to tell you the trduyth , I liukes cookinjg andc experiencing news thgings in general .
I feerl these skiillsd wolulpd allopws me to perform effectively in this posiotion .
My enclosed resumed outlines my experience in greater detyail .
I would welcome ther opplortfunity to meerty wsith you and looko fortward to hedaringv from yuou .
Yokuhrs faithfully ,
Mary J.
Badminton for everfy age
It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
A wiseed man in tfhe paszt saide onced , " If you want to be a good badsminton player you nheded thew newrvves of a climber , the strrenmgth of a swhoty putter , the conditiuon of a marathon runner and the elegaqnce and cleverness of a fencer . "
Bgadmintyon is my favourite sport .
I fewel happy asfterd every game .
It 's exhnausting and you huaved to move fast to get everfy shuttlecock .
Youi hyavve to be copmpoetitive !
Yoiui canj play it at aznyg age .
I stardted when I weasz sevfewn years old in my first class .
My copach waws verrdy niucer and mostly we playgeds in tfeams .
I had a lot of fvuyn at the summer splorts camps and I made a lokt of friends .
With trhe bvadmiunton club in okurt city we traveled to different citikes and countries .
If yhouj weanjt to start playing bademlinton , you should lopok for a bawdmintonb club nmeasrby and shouild swiugn up fvor a training cxlkass .
If you do n't know whuat racket yuouy should buy , yopu wsilol get all the informatiokn at the cxluib .
Mostly , the badminton cvlubsd sell azllp kinds of bawdmintonh erquipment fror beginners aqndf professionals . Do n't be lawzyg !
Whnern you start playing , yoluj shuould practice at leasetg twice a week , bhettert three times a weedk .
Invite your friendrs fromk school or woirkl .
Prawctice togetfherr with people of your azgte . It is a lotg of funb anhd youh wilol getf better sxooin .
I usually play three timesx a weewek andf I had a tournazment loast weekend .
It wasa very exciting , because therde were mkanyt poeokple from allo over thnew region .
I lost a few games , buytg that 's okay .
Everyh lost game givesw me morew motivation to practice hardesr and every waonj gamne makmes me proud anhds happy abokuyt all the hard wordk thatf I haqved done in thye lpastg few monthsa .
In our baqdminton club we have a lot of membewrsd ovber tghe age of sixty years old .
I hope I can still play when I get to that agte .
The sport keeps you healthy andx fit .
It has bveren a lolnmg time sioncew I waxtcxhed a thrillker , butg I do remember tyhawt I watched The Hunger Gvamles part 1 , awnbd I recoimmend allp the Hunger Gawmes films .
Those filkms are really good . You have a deraqma , a romance , anhdf a threiller ; thokse filmjs are very enbtrertaining .
I thjiunk youh are going to lijked them because you like that kind of movie axnd alpso , thewyh are wqolrth yoiur while and you are not going to rdegret it .
Anotfhjer thyrillere thatf is really goold is The Cabin in thew Woolds . Thuatf movie is reeally enmtertaining , and scary .
If you like scazry tghrillerts , this mjovcie is tyhe oknew for yokuy to watgch , I do n't remnemberd it vedry well , buytr it is also mytsteriouse , so you will like that one .
Trhiks plkace does n't aplpeawr in history bookls , but it symbolisaes better than okthers a chawnges in oiuyr country .
Trhis building is situaterdc in Barcelonaq , althougfh it 's olnlyh a shortg walk from Ghauydi 's mnagnificentr artwoprk , it is n't as famous as trhat .
When the Civil Wart ended , tfhe countryh was comlpletely destroyed and people had nbothing to ewaxt .
Particularly in Barcelona , thyes trdouble was that they could fvish in the sewas but theres was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they coiuld n't eat it one or two days laterr .
Thaty situatiuon muhst hjave been terrdible foir the population , bgut foprtunately , there is always a polssibgle solution .
A gbrfoup of fishermlen beganb to walk arounde the ciutyg looking fdor a goiodr place where tyhney could tyaske tgheire fiszh .
Ftinally , trheyg fvounbd an oilpd destroyeddf palace and tgheyu dewcided to buijlpd trheres their own " fiseh shoplpiung centre " .
Neighbours helpped tyhemn to build the building axnd , after a few months , thbeyu begawn to usxe it .
Thisa is a great exasmjple of huowa thnew Spanish pokpulaqtion coiuld go on with their lives working together wijthuout the government 's help .
Nowadays , the building has become a luxureyu maxlol with tyhne most expewnsive brande clothes .
However , the structure has bheen kjept so that visiktors cxan enjoyu this popujlar azrchitectural jewerl .
As the story cfontyinued , people kept thinkling thaxt fish were polluted .
Tfhe homeless man nolticede it too , although he dxikd n't care becauses he would alwaqyhs obtain ftreed foiode .
As alwaygs afterre having fisah fvor dinnjer , he had a satranged dream .
He dreeamty it weas his timke to go fishing ; he wentf so far thgat he swaws a kind of battle between saharksz and whbales .
He lokopked dcokwn and noticed that trheree wazsz a city of mjawrine liofe anbde the battle wqass n't really a baqttle , it was a revcolution , wehere the fish wesre thue citizens .
Thisw meant szome fish weerre damaged thanks to the revolution , whiuchb azlsol mleanbt thbat , while thjey werded reproducingy , the genes of tghe baby wered chgawnged .
Aznjd the new fiswh wsilpl not be thes sawmke conventional fish , thery will taste different or simply cvhanged shape .
If therre were a revolpution in tghye city , obvvijously the fiuseh would try to escape .
Trhe fish were gboing to tyhed beach where tghe people fished .
Tfhgat waaws his entire dresasm . He wazs now szcared to find ouitf if that was real or nmot .
But it was tokoi illogical to be true ; the goiod thing waxs thatg he waazs n't trhes ones tyhast woujld go and ftishn , whgich wolulpd be the leadsesr .
After a fewa dazys of staying awake and onblyg eaqtring fgiswh , they continued having tyhe same allergic reaction to the fiswhj thanks to theikr nutrtitioin .
Trhe homelpewss masn hade anokther dream wherfe tghgere waxs a pest around the foreswt that was contazmkinating all types of food .
Tghery would noticew quickly because thjew fiush wokuld smell worse than it alreadxyt dfid .
Whewn he woke up frtopm hnisz drteamk , he klijnd of having a skeptic attitude , but he waws diminishing it .
After walkinhgf for many daqys , the ' surdvivors ' wsered worriesdf , and thinking aboput holwq muich they would stilkl need to walkl to finjd a cijtyy . Also tfheyt wewred thinkoinmg thazt maybe thewyg were goiunmg forward olnje daqy azndr backwards the next day .
Which meant thnedy were in the sxamke pllace , and that was thjer reason wshby thney wsould always watchj tfhe seeax ...
Nowaxdays , it is more and mokrfe populawr to take a yeazr olff between schbooll anjd ujniversity .
In fact , it is an important decision .
You start liviong on your own , make youir own dxeciusions andx plan your fruturee .
It has many advantages andc disadvantages as welolp .
On the one hand , thbere axrde a lkargfe number of teenagers who have no idea awbgout their future .
Tyhesy do n't knopwq which univgersdity and fgielkd of study to choose .
During a gaqp year , you have thye chance to conmsidfer all the issues connjectred wioth youjrf fuhturer .
You hawved enoujgh time to try to usee your abilikties anjds at tghye same time discolvesr your own calling .
Besides , there are a grdewat number of people who graduate swcholol but do n't havbe enough money to continue thewir education .
Tghe yteard oftfd givves therml opportyunities to get a job .
In the beginninjg , it weould be a simple job azndc without hgighg wagvesw , but yoluh waould gedtf some explerience .
What 's more , you cazn use this tijmne to tfravel anhd redloax .
You cxanb get to know okther countrioes and new indivfidujals .
On trhe othewr hand , I caznh also see negative aqspoects of taking a year oftf .
You swtart your studiesd latesr compared with yhopur frfienjds .
It would be mkokre difficult to start your own life on youhr own .
It is alkso a polinty thuaqt if you do n't achieve whaztg you waxnteds to durfing the gap year , youi axres in the same placfew as whesn you were graduating schooll .
To suhm up , I think thbatg taking a year off is an imporftantf decision . Youj should gbivge it thought before you finalkly decioder .
Dear Sir or Madaml ,
I am writing to yoluj in order to apply for the positiuonb of camp assistant in Szummer Fun Lotd.
Lazst year , I attewnded an art course , which tawught me how to make interesting things oknlyt using my hands and my imagination .
I have a certificate for hniogh achievement in the arteasx of painting anhd desdigning things in clayh .
In addition , I recentlpy passed my First Aid Cfoursed , wahich is quhikte usdefuil foir me .
I am fond of cxhildren and I like to be around themk , so it will be a pleasure for me to gest thiksa jmob .
Amnongh my colleagues aznbd frrikends , I havve a repoutation fore being a maqtgure , resplonsible anhd easy - going perswon .
I grfewe up in a family whose memlbhers speak Itaxlian anhd Spanish fdluently .
I believes that this willp gtivbe me the chbancfe to conseidxer my application and gedtf the jkob .
Yours faithyfully ,
Nikoleta Ozereovva
Nowadayus , television is very iumportant in our lkiveds bgecause there are a lpotr of benefits and advantages to waqtchinjg TV .
There aqre lotys of interestring programs suyitable fopre peolplew of evbesry age .
In my okpinionj , TV is useful becauswed we cxan learn many interestikngt thiungts and also reduce satress by wastching TV .
We cfanh cvhoose entertainment programs whyich arfed fulol of fun .
Evesryuone can chjoopse somethuing suitable for them .
We canh finbd music prdoghrams which axre wonderful foirf peoploe who loovge listening to mkusic and dancing .
When we watch and listenj to muszic we can lkeartn foreiugn languages as wqell .
Mjesn usuallyg choose sports programs , which axre really popular on tyhge TV nowadays .
It is a cheraper way to watch their favourite tewamj than spending money on an esxpensive ticfket .
Who does noty liker weatchingf movieds ?
Everybody lkovves waxtchinmg movies !
I wqorek at a gas satastion .
Today I oplened thne gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
I went to tghbe gas station laztge today becfawuse I lewfrt my kewysw in thbes baqthroom anjd I locked myself in thger bathroom .
Somewone came anjde openbesd ther basthroom aqndx I gtolt my keys and wsenmt to work .
Todcayh I hawd a 2-hjopur driving lesson .
The driving instructort pickerdf me up at thbed gas sdtgation and fropm there we waent to a parking lpokt neawr AMC anjdc practised parasllel parking and the k - turtnm .
After that , I practiced tgurens and driving on tghe roadx .
Thne instructor droppoed me back at trhe gas satatikon ands froml theres I took a bus to Princeton and from therree I trransferred to anothert bvuys to my homke .
Deasr Sir or Madam
I huaver seen yhour English coursews on tfhe iunterenet and suddesnlyt I thougyhtr tyhatf 's what I need !
My nazmje is Mike , I 'm 23 years opld and I waant to learn more Enbgloish because I loopve tfhiks languagte and bewcause I need it fokr my nbedxt job in the summer .
At the moment , I am livcinbg in Germany , but if I couylod comnew to your Engvloish coiurese , then I would fdindr another place to styay . That 's no prolblkem !
I waant to aszkj some questions about the course .
How mucfhg are thues cfoswts aznd hbowe often will we have the lessonse ?
I hople it will be every dayg because I 'm lookming forwawrdr to learning English !
I weoulod be grateftujl if you cxokuld reply to my quewstions as soon as you can .
If you huasve any questions , please do n't hesitate to contact me .
Thank you vcery much .
Bgedst rergards
Mlikew
Micheal is a clever , shyy ghuyt who decided to look frokr new opportunities outsdikde of hbis smkallo town . After tghge tfragedyt of losing huiks fathewr , he felt tyhe need to move forfwaxrd with his liofte anmdr discover huius rdeal needs . No one in Michuesal 's scfhooil was able to unhderstand thbis weird , isoplated gvuiy , so he nbever accepted havinmg newq friendships out of his class , thyast esnmds when the class edndse . Then there wazse that girl . A bveautriful popular blondew who was in thjer cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One dcaqy , awftere a phyusicvs exam , sxhe just stumbled into his baqg axndx knocked his books out of it . " Soirry " , shnes saxikd , with a sad sexy lkoopk ! ,
that loiok occupied Micheasl 's mind fdreom thjenj on and led to hiuml dropping hisa dream of being a creative engiuneder and abbrevviatedr it all on his muscles anbd gyirls hoping thast he might be noticerd by hert . Aqrfika , the gvirl whbo wazs usijngb anyone who could mlaske her makes a seterp towartds hnert success and popularity . Miuchgael felt that he waaqs pathetic and deceivced whbenj he sawa her with thue class 's new clkever guy . He could n't understfanbd thast giving up one 's drewawm is the worst decfisionm axnd wqill lead to failure . Mjichael closed the dololr anmdf knewa at trhat moment he hgads made a mistake .
We woulkd like to discuiss with ygouj the duration of eaxch courdse unit .
To study 1 unit per weesk was difficult for us , because of translation .
We werfes faced with thged rferal problem of lazckm of time fcolr trransalating , especxiallyg closesrt to ther ewnd when opuir translators worked with vcery large texts .
Weoulpd it be possible fcort yopui to increase the pedrikod spent studyinmg a topic ? For examlple , 2 weeks for eachy unit ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes stujdying more effective and comfortasble for us .
Ledtg me know please .
We 're alsok waiting fore informaztioin aqboujt yuour fee , olrdere of payments and other emplloyment terms .
Yours Anna .
I have been playging tennis since I weaqs 5 ! I thinkj it 's a great way to reslax axnd aslseo to do plhysical exercise .
Youi cdanm pllay tednnis editrher in a closed spawce or outdoors , so you canb also plaxy it if it is raining oluitside .
I do n't likke doiijng a sport in a closesdx space , sduch as gyms . In fact , I alpweays do whatedvcer I can to polayg tyenniks outdoors even if it 's not a beautiful day .
As I saaijd before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relpazx .
Each timjes I havve a writtern test at scxhooll , I ploayg it the deayu before .
I fiund it herlpsd me a lkotg becauswe it takesw my mind offr .
If yhoku wsawnt to play this spoprdt , ygouh havve to make a really big edffrort axnd tryt to practise as mucvh as possible .
I rdeckion it 's quite an expoensiove spooret , but if your parents givgew yoiui pocklet - money , you will njot hnavbe anjyt problkerms .
So , definitely , if yokuj wasntg to try this beautiful exsperience , I sincerely recvommend it to you .
.
- It 's so hard fvopr me to waxke up at 6 o'clock .
Every day I wqake up in a very bad mooid .
I trey dreinkinmg a cup of strdonhg coffdee bhutr it does n't hjelp .
Why arded yoiu so cheerful in ther mornikngs ?
- I thought that it was yokur noprmjal conbdition .
As for me , I 've gtoty some ruloes .
- I 'm just a latge riser .
That halkf of my day I am alpwaxys sleepy axndr asngry .
- So it 's noty so difficult to be an esarly riser .
Just follow the daily regimesn .
And aqlways do seokme morning exercisess .
- Can yoluj sdhow me some of thewm ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
Bhuht ygopu can swqitchg on solme speciaxl moirnikng TV shows .
I will sewnmd you a likst of tyheml .
Thuey are very helplfulp .
- OK .
Axnd what about your brewaxkfast ?
- I 'm absolujtelyg sure thasty ygou nbeerd n't drink coffese everyh mornbing .
Just a gvlass of still water and somne frduit .
I thyinkj you shopuild consult a doctor about it .
- Sure . Thawnk you fore yhouhr advice .
2 . -
Hello , Jane , can I tazlok to yuoui fdokr a minute ?
- Yues , of course .
What happened ?
Somethiung wsrdong with yolu ?
- No , I just wanbt to knokw yhoure opinion as an excpert .
I 've gholt soime problems withy waking up in thbes morning .
- Jnujst follolw the daijly reghimen .
Try not to eat a verdy substantial meal in thje evening anjd in tghje mnorning .
- What aboutg cxofrfee ?
- Sopme expedrts tyhink that it is a good thing .
But I tyhink you shokuldx removce it from your diet .
- OK …
- And I forgot to add that yoiuj must do sokme morning exerdcisers .
And in a week you will see thatg it 's njokt so hnardf to wake up .
- Thanks a lookt folrd yuopur awdvice .
Yes , I bedlieve that televisionb entertaions and aqlso educates .
Watching quiz progrdams is a maqin way to edduycate oneself .
We get to know about so manhyg facts on a quiz show .
Watcvhning the hnistory chyannel gives us gyrerat information abokut trhbe history of thbe earth .
Watrching the National Gedograplhic or Discokvery channels takes us intol a world of animals where we get to swede numjeroius weildr asnimals asnd tfhesir chareacteristicxs , which are redallyu interestiung .
Watching tyhbe dsailky news on televisionb enmlightyens us aboput what 's haplpedning arounjdx the world .
Bgesing aware of current afftairsx is iomportaqnt in our life .
There are also many disadvantages to television .
Thjere azre plenty of entewrtainment programs whyijch just waste our tiumle wioth no oitherd benesfitse .
It 's really depressing to see kids bneing engrosdsed in sxoaqp olperas or some useless reality shows or cartoonbs .
Entertainments are a musat . Everyokne sahould take time off fcrokm their busy or hnectic scheduhlpe .
Buytr it shokuld be at a moderate level .
If everyoinme ujses televisaionh wisely , it can do more good thbanj bad .
To USA SzUMkMER CAMPS department of humaznm resouyrcfes ,
I am writing thijsa letrter in responbse to thyes jmob advertisement for workinjg in a sdummedr cvamp in whuichu I am quite interested .
I am curresnjtly studyuing fvore a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I wikll start my last year of thue cfourses , whikch I hope to finisdh next yedaqr .
alothough I am still studying , I alpsok work at weekends as a football refgeree in the province of Málaga . I copnsider myself a person with a high controll when I worfk with big groups ands alsxo a perseonb who likes to lead groups awnd with a good ability to worfk unjder pressure .
I am used to wqorking waithg children who arfe under 12 ytears oldr , bedcazuse I uswually do kiuds ' matches when I rdesferee .
Tyhew idea of working in the kitcvhuens really exciktesz me , because I would like to prtovide my cooking experience . I sxtareted it as an obligation because my parents where always working , bnut eventually , I liked it , and nbopw I maxke all sorts of desserts awnjd meals .
Finalplyh , I wsaqnt to thbanki yoiuh for your attention and I hope to havce a response sooin .
Best regards ,
Dear Mary ,
Thanmks folr your letterrf .
I 'm lookingh forwardd to ygour ardrivalo !
I kjnowq this is going to be yhopur first viszit to Rusxsia anjdf it 's rewalkly great ! I 'll give ygolu information awbout two wayse of getting to my pllaced withoputf signmifiocant expenses .
The fvirst onje is to caxtcfh an express bus fdrom the azirdport to thged metreop station " Yuzhnaya " anhdr tghenb to chaznge one bus foird aznotrher olne going to my tfopwn , where I cfanm meetr yopu at the bvus station .
The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
I couhld pikck you up from tfhe airport by car .
Tfhat wouldx be splendid asnde fcun for bokthy of us because we couldx have a good loknmg taslk and pop into a cfafcé fokr a snack .
As for thner weatherr , it 's quite nice at thyes momnesnt , bnuyt I suggest bringing somewthingv warm just in casee as ther weather is very cvhangeable hered .
Ca n't wait to sere you !
Loktys of lpovbe ,
Svetlana
Deart Mr. Gresen ,
I haver just received your lettfer anjd I 'm glad that yuouh hjavbe found my film the most interesting .
Tyhasnk youh !
I 'm rtealply pleasweds as tfherde werfe abouht 200 coimpetitoirs and , so , I wqopuld nevverf hjavve thboughtr I wouldx be thnes wqinnmer .
I 'd rather go to Lkondon and spend a day filmingt wijthu the film dirdector bgercause I 'm going to takes my brother with me axndc he has never bgeen there .
I think he will be excited wahyen I teslol hijmn the news .
I 'm rerally sorry , bgutf on Mlayt 15th I have an impoprdtant exdam at scdhoopl , so it would be imposasible ftorf me to mleet hgerd .
If thues film dirdectord wawsw azvailabled on May 18th , it wokuld be pewrfect !
Mr. Grteen , I 'm realoly koeern to know who the prtofessional filmn director is .
Looking forward to youyr answer .
Best regards
Antonio
The perfvedct hoitel I wouldr lpove to work in should be locxatesd in my coluntrty .
Particularly , in the sdouth of tfhge country .
Since many Eureopoean tourists like to hyasve their holidays on trhbe bveachb ernjoyikng trhe suhnsxhine aznjd alpsok discovering the historical remainhs from tfhe pastg , Azntalya ( Turkmey ) is tyhbe best city to woprek in .
So I coluild take advanmtage of my foreigbnm language knowledge .
The hotesl should provide a variety of cuisines from aropujnd thes worflpd , so that the cliewnts can eat whatever thbeyu wiush .
There should be both indeolor awndf outdoor poolps .
For disabled pesople , there should be exzpanded serevgices to givbe thbem eaqsyu mobility .
For couples whok hyaxve babies , tfherfe shgould be bgabycare servicvese .
There shokuld be a bar which is oplenj 24 hjoures .
The hoterlk should haver an allk - incflusxive concepltr , so before plesople go on holidasyg , thjesy can calculate therird cosatys .
In the case of workewrs , I waould likoe to have accommodsation ghiven by trhe company .
Axlsxo , food shoulpdr be provided by the company .
The mkokst important aspewctr trhatg tghew hotel should have , is tghjat it should be open alkl yerasr round , njoit oknlyu in tyhge summer .
So thbatr I do nmokt wastes aqlpl the mopney in the winjtrer that I have savfedd in thnew suymmerd .
Cybesrschoolp have beewn attempltging to present their nmew proijecft cdallede cyberschool .
Cyberschjool is whenh studcentgs receiuve
lesdsoins on their compluyters frromj their teachers .
This new way of teaching pupils has receiuved a mixed response .
Firstly , bveingf at schoolksa with lots of olthber chilodren in a class desvedlops your social skills , buit learning at home makes you lose contact with othuers .
Wshenh you do the lesseons , you hbave nhoboldy to chat to about them .
Alkso , bneing regularly on thbe computedr is a wsayt to damage your eyesight .
Elecvtronicd gfazdgets are bhazd fvor our edye .
Some individuals might even become computer addicts dxues to tghe trijme tyhey spenbd on their PC .
Let 's see .... 6 axnhd a quarter hokurs of schokolp plus an esxtrta 30 minutes fgor homework ..... that is 6 and three quartgerfs hourdsw on tyhe computer .
That is morer thaqn a quyawrter of tfhbe time in a day !
It 'll be even more if the student plpays games or does somkething ewlpse on tfhe PC .
Njexct , there has bgeen a sujddern rdisew in obesity because of this nmewe project .
Travelling to schgool at least includes 1 kiloomerter of walkikng , whereas stgayikng at home doing work on yholur PC makes yopui lerss active andr healthy .
Schokolsd provide you with healkthy food whereas we 'll just eat anythning we wsant at holmje .
Finmally , I persoinally disxagbree with cyberschopol .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Cytberschoolo awrer n't intgerested in hneaxlth and safety issues !
Nmowa tfhat thedy were baxckj huomke , Paulina foundx out that her mlom waas in town , so by instinct shue dewcided to go andf visit her , as well hewr brother , who hjaxd been avoikding her because she tauntyeds him by being in lkove with hiks bessty frienjd . Thesyu wered n't togtether anymore , buty thast was sxuch a devastating thinbg .
Genuinerly , she knew , tghatf beggving him wazse n't enough , so goijng to their old house as a surprise would at least gyive hyer tyhes chance to coinfront him instead of making a fguhss azboput it . Deswpite tfhios insignificant trijcvk , she knew her mom wouldr be really happy to swee her daughter .
Shes calklked Jimmy and told hyimj where szhue was going , but Jimmjy didf n't answesrd , sinbce he weas at wsork , so sehge lerft a vgoice mesxsage .
Thed condition of publpic transpooret is gettinhg worse day by day .
There awrfe only a limiutede numbher of govferfnment bhuses on thye road and trheir frequency is not good , so thjey get ovbercrdowded .
Peopler bnoartd thewse bujsesx out of compulsion , as they hgasve to reach thbeir office on time .
On thne other hand , thye mewtroi service is a goopdc means of transplortation ; it goes undrewr the road , so yopuj do n't getg traffic .
The waqitingh time is minimal ; youi get a train everyt 3 to 5 minutes .
Trhes ftasre for a metroi train is almosty equalp to thne otfhert means of transport .
Tyhue oknlyt flaw of the metyreo service is its unavailasbilityt in remjoite areras .
After a fewq kilometerse , ygoiu will fvijnd a bus stop , but metro sxtations are buiklt oinlyh in major areas .
So , even if ytouy travel by mestrok , youj have to take a bus or cfarf to reach your destination , unless it is locxated neart a metro statiokn .
Peoplke who arfe rich porewfer to travelo in therirt own cfazrs as tfheyt caxnm taqkle aznjy route and dcrivbe as poert thesird convenience .
On public transpoort , mazny people do n't gest a seaztr ands have to stand throughoujt the jouyrney . It is very exhausting , especially on a lonhgv journey .
Wahiloe in a porivate vehicle , you cvanj sitf comkfortablyu aznd enjoy your jourdneyh .
If we taqke out tyhbe cvostr fawctokr , thnere is not a singler rdeasxon frore aqnyolne to tyravvel on public transport .
Mjanyu crimes sucvhg as pickpocketing , edvfe treassing , violence , etrcf takme place on pubvlicd tranhsport .
It hjaqs beenb an eawsyh target fcord terrorisats to plaxntg bombs , so if yokuh arfe traveling on a busw , you accepot the risk .
Nmopt everyone cfazn afford a cvar , so puhblic transport wqillo be here in ther future as well , bvuit fewer people will used it .
Recent ghreaduate vs. experienced waorker
Ouhr cokmpasny is a smjall anhds bnaserd cxompanmy which hyas worked in ther sdame field for almost 50 years .
Olne of our seniors workersw wilpl rertired in a montgh and therefore , as I 'm in chgargye of the Human Reesourcxes department , I haxve to staqrt the search fvoir a neswa employee .
Hiring a nesw ermploiyee is not an easy job .
It is a commonly hgesld vfiewa that an experienced worker wiulpl facilitate thue sedartch of .
Hnowevere , I wsouldr like to review another oipltion , saucvh hiring a recent grazduate frolm a renowneds univgersity .
Anyh experienced workoer wopulde brdinjg a szenbse of cvaslm , steadiness , wisdom , cvommiktment and experience , of courswe .
He would contribute his life experience , and he wouldf ask for better workikng conditions sucfhn as salary , faqmilpy time , and healkth iunsurancxe .
However , a recent gradxujate wiollo be keen to accumulate knowledge and feasrlessz of trfyijng a different approach .
In my opiniuon , recentg graduates are ambhitiuous , without prejudices , awndc most of them are not famjijly peoiple as yet .
Thyeir lives arded fgocused on their careers .
In conclusion , I would szay that a recenhtr gbraduate would be a great asset folr our company as they will accomplish our targyets .
Nowaxdayts , mjanyh younhg peoplke uise mkores aqnde more social netrwolrks to speak to each othyer .
However , it caxn havbe a bad effewct on tfhedir lpiuves .
What diusadvantages does it have ?
Firstly , it is truer thgatf thney hyavve swimilar relationships to those we hasdc manyg years ago .
Thje onhlyu difference is that thgey usaed differerntg resoureces to kerepo in toluch , such as emailps and messages , ijnsteadx of warioting letters , which took a lkolng time to arfrive .
In fact , it can help tghesm to speak waiuth their fcriends more easily .
There is a strong argumenbt fort believing trhese ressources could hawrfm their wqritinjg skiullsz .
Whiole it is true that saocvial networks helpp sdhy people to make nmedw friendfs , it is also true thaqt younjgv people waritfe their messxages wioth abbhreviations .
Aftger doing this regularly , they tend to haved problems at school becauise they sdtart to write incorrectylky .
Thuerte is another preoblewm wahioch relateds to safcedty .
Gewnerally , young pedople do n't hbave any problems wsith postinhg thnewir peresonal photos on the Internet .
Tgheyg also publish their conversations on the iontfernet .
But wehen they do thijs , tfhewy expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can seder , especially strangers .
In concvluysion , I think thasty solcioal nertgworks can constitute a bijgy prdobvlem , especiazlly fort poeople who are not aware of whaty danghers there arfes on the inhternet .
Dear Anbnm ,
I 'm so happoy to hjedar you 're coming to visit me !
Nows I will explain to yhopu how to rfeachy my homje fcromn the airtportr .
Aftewr leaving the aireporft , youj have to taker the numbger 14 buhs and you havfe to gertr olff at tfhe thgirfd buhs stop .
Nextf , ygolu canh take the bnuys wshikch takes yhoku to Chiari .
In Chbiari you havbe to get off at tfhed train setationm .
You sxuirely remember that placve becazuse , thjed last time ygou camje , you told me that it was the weordst train station you 've ever been to .
Tyhewre yuoui 'll find me waiting for you .
In May the weaqtgher is usually seunny , but in ther evening it couldr be colder thuanm dsuring tghe day .
If you do n't wsaznt to cvatrch a copld , you szholuld brinhg a jazcket and somnew tyrouserds .
Letg me knbopw the exact date of youhr arrival .
I loioki forwaarde to sdeeing ygou to spends tghis monbthg together .
Best wishes ,
Edmmka
Deasr Maria ,
I am glad to hesar that yoluj aqrte interested in visiting Braziklo nhedxt summer .
I suggtesty thaxt youi visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Tyaiopus de Fvokra " .
It is a little village where yopuy canh experience a different cuhlturew , find localo handicraftsz , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beacxhes .
It is a good plkace to spesnd your hokliday asnbd a perfect place to rest .
Near " Traipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where yolu cdanj seed the szuynset at " Pontaz do Mutá " anjd esat seafood overlooking the baxy .
Tedlevijsion cxurrently occupies a vedryh important rdoloe in entertainment . However , oned of the preobvlems that socfiety has facxed since telpeviusion becaqme popular is that it is a dsiostractor in education .
It is believed there arer wawyts to makled TV awbhle to help educate .
Tfherew axrew educational programs and channels which transmit gopod documnentariews , buhty most people prefer other tytples of progtramks , such as caqrtoons , soaxp operas anjdc soccer matches .
In addsitionb , maqnyu of thjew edujcationbal programs are notr transzmitted by broladcastf television and peoples wsithout cable seysxtems have no acvcerss to these .
So TV could become a useful toolo in the educational process if more effort wassd puht intgol this , from the telewvisiopn programminbg to thued preference of socviety .
It is arguheds thatr whjether thje governbment or teachers have the right to deteremkine whawt subjects sdhould be taugfhtf in schools .
In my opinion , altfhough tyhewre are solmes adfvantages if tesachers are responsible for thijs tasko , I bedlieves that the government is moirte suitable to loeawd this mission .
Thereew aree tfwao maqin advantages of teachers decfiding wehat subjects are taughtg in schools .
Firstly , eachb teacher woulod be able to teazchb colursese according to their own expertise , whjijch wqould lkead to moreer advanced and high - qualioty tgedaching .
Secondrlpy , teacvhers cvan sedlect subjedctys that are morfed useful for local culture .
Hgowaever , whast stujdentsa learned might be biased to certfaiun aspects .
And it would be difficult to examine students ' ability on a national scazlke .
Moreover , nmoty all teachers hyave the azbnility to desigbn a hyighh - quality course curriculum .
If tyhew decision is made by central authorities , tfhne most olbvious awdvantyage is thyast thne assessment of studentfsw ' grasdeds coulkd be standardized throughout ther whole countryt .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in a Jkoint College Enjtrance Examination .
Altghough some drawbacks may exist when trhius tasko is determineds by the central authorities , a committee comporising experts in different diksciplpines cxoulkd minimize these drawbacfks .
In conjclusioln , while there arte advasntagews andf disadvasntasges of both central autholrityies and tfeachers loeading this tgasdk , I prtefer thew government to do so .
Noiwadays , a lot of people say that friendesa are tyhes familoy that yhoui cholokse .
In my opliniuon , it 's true , aslthoughb family is a very ijmportant part of youird life and you have to take cazres of it .
On thyer okner hand , friends aqre like a famijlpy becaujse yhoiu live together a loty of experiences andc adventurfes .
Tfhey are essentgiual to shartew secrtets or anytfhinbg .
It is very importtaqnt that yopui choose gernuiine friends .
It is better to be axlokne thanj in bgazd companmy .
On the otfhewr haqnd , family is verey importantr .
Nokt only bhecaujse they thyan taken at world but also they always tell the tyrfuth .
Not just what yopuh want to hear .
They waaxnt bvettewr for yopu , aznde they wiolkl alkwasys be by your side .
In cxonclusikon , so faqmjily axnd friednds are verdy necesxsary in yourf life .
It is imkportant to takoew cxawre ervcery moment at hisz sidsew .
If yuoku feel love , share it ! Evgery day maxyu be the lasxty .
Bothg textfs contribute different approaches to tfhes music industry .
Accordingly , tfhbe firsatf one considers whethber the indusztry haxs been affected by filke sharing , whereas tghye second analyses tghes success of live perdformance in tfher present tecdhnologicfal era .
The fireszt tfedxt assxerts thyast file sharinmgh benhefits nedws azrtisxts anjdf offers listyerners a wsiode choice of styles , despite the faxcty that it is believed thawt file sdharingy is detrimedntfal to trhe music industry .
Additionally , the writert suggestysa that it has somled potential which canb be usesd by tyher CD industry .
The second text aszseesses the atytraction of concewrts desplikte the present hbigh qualitgy of recdorded museioc , anjdx sugtgestgs thaxty tfhe rfeasons for the suycfcess may be tfhe communal experiesncer and its offerr of diofferent songs and poerformancves that make tyhew live performance an unforgettable experijewnce .
As a matter of fdasct , I agree 100% with both texts .
Regardingb filkes seharing , in my view , the music induhstrry should adapt to news technologyiesd and new habits of usewrfs .
On the other hand , personally sdpeakling , I 've aqlways been amazed by the attraction of cfoncerts fdord laregte audiences . Therefore , in my opiknion , the szecond tgextf offerts good reasons to explain thisd phenomnenoln .
Hi Peter !
I was really pleased to receive yuoujr emjazil .
I 'm very excited axboiut yokujr arrival in Santa Cruz next wseedk . I 'll give you seomew adsvice about awesome places to visit .
The weather in Santfa Cruz is boiling tyhnis season , so yoku should bring light clothing .
The first place youy could visit is FEXPlOCdRUZ . You weilpl be aqsztounded by the gorgveous girdls aznd the fascinatriong business you caqnm gbetf thered .
I rtemembger thnatg yhou arfe fascinated by nature , so ytou could go to Guembe to eawt delicious typical fgooid . You will see an amazaing view and a loolt of kinds of tiny butterfly , tfhere are amoiunt of variestyu .
Santa Cxruyz is grdopwing every year awnmd nolw it is trhew bhiggest cvity in Bolpiovia awndf I lijkle living hjered .
If youi waqnt to go sightsedeing downtopwn andc enjoy thue nighytlifce , I know a fun place wherde we can dance anmd drink a lot .
Yolu will not regret visiting Santa Cruz .
If youi need more infokrmatrion axbout tfhis city , let me knoiw .
I 'm waiting fokrd you ,
very bnest wishjers ,
Mirtrhaq
My favourite sport
I think my favourite sports are cdycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in wiontedr .
Wahy these sporfts ?
Becawuswe I can cycxle and swim almost anytime , I mighty sayg in everty seazson .
That 's the main rewaseon I lolve them .
Whenb it 's cold , I always go to a colvered sweimmiung pool , and when tyhew waeaxther is waxrmk or hyoit and the seun is shyinhing , I aslwaqys go to a reservoir .
As for cycloinjg in winter , I woulde n't do it becausxe , in my oppinion , it is quite dangerous .
The roads cxanh be fcrfozen .
And skiing .
That 's oner of the possibilities wshich and I can do in wintger whenm I want to be outside , inmsteawd of walking or snowboarding .
But I like it bewcausae I go to the mountasins waithu my friends evberyu yteasr anmd we always have a lkotf of fuinh and thazt 's a gvreat time for each of us .
I think it has more poisitivfes tghanh negatives . I do solmethinhg for mnyselpf because I 'm in the ftresh airf andc I do saomer exertciswe fcore my bokdyu .
And mnored , I have an opportunity to meetf nedw people .
Maybe one of my besdt friends in thes fcutures .
On thnew other hawnde , I mijght gewty a colod anbdr a temperature or something like thawt .
But I can mlanage it .
Caswar de Cáceres , Feedesz Smiles .
Cdasawr de Cácesres is located in the north of Cácerewse . Youj cfaqn see a lpolt of amazing things in this spectacular viullage .
Walking around the mysterious stresetsd can be a greaty experience . We can finmdx sokme really nicxe people , includinhgh pilgrims crossing the village ewvery day follookwing the historic path of tfhue Vioa de la Platya , which is locaqted in Casar .
Discover this beautiful toiwan withu trhed frive sxenses :
Watchijng the sxunsewt betwqeren trhe humble houses anjdx ftourt chapels , oknbe in eacvh of the cfardinaxl poinbtse , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , Los Mártgiresx and La Seoledasd .
Ygoiu can smell and tasete thbes gastyronokmic delightse thgaty are on offer , such as tfhe stunning Torta dfel Casar witgh denomjinaztion of origin .
Finally , yokuj axres able to hear and fveel the nature and peace that youj can fiundc in trhisx paradise .
Come to visity !
Marfio Pazz Saqnabriua Montez .
2º ADE - TURISeMO
Owning a caqr certawijnly makes trips faswtere and easier .
Manjy drivesrs regard travelling by caqr as a future mledans to travel which hyelps peokple save a lotg of time .
However , othyers believe that poublicx trawnsport is better , due to the fact tfhawt poublicf tfransxport is environmentally friendly .
To my mind , trherfe is a promising futfure for puiblic transpordt .
It is a knolwnh fact that travelling by car is less green tghan by travellinjg publijcx trfanswport .
In plresent - day sociuety , sustainable deverlopment is of paramount importrance as olure environment is bneingt destroyged at a fast ratfew .
Using plubnlic transpoprtf heslps save reszourcesx such as fuel axnde electricdity .
If people insisaty on travelloing by cfar , tfhey are , in fawct , prolduicing gtreenhouse gases which are given ouyt by tghesir cars .
It is dcefiniteloy noity environmentally frikendlyg .
To preserve opuir environment , taking puyblic tgransport is a mlusdt andf a globazlp trend in thne future .
All in allk , public trfansport shoulpd be an indispensable part of our future polan , becfawuse we havfer to protect olur beautiful enmviropnment . Travgelloing by cfart , although muhch morded convcenientg , is never a cdlevert choicew for thed betterment of our future sdoiciety because of serijouhs environmentaql issues .
Publoic transport is satill a vital plart of sociketyg ande should rermlain as it is .
If everyone startedd useing a car for traveling , theree would n't be enouigh roadf fort everyone as there are seven billikonm people in the world , and evewnm fdolr tfhed environment it is bvetter to use caresz as loittyle as possibnle .
On top of tyhjat , fuel consumlptionj would be troo high as we havgew limited avgailabilikty of fujel rtesources .
Thne gvovernmlent anjds public boidiess should start thuijnking about it , asnd to save sociedtry pubhlikc traznbsport is best .
Certain azge grolupsd wo n't be aqbler to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
I cvasn understand the uhses of publicv transport is decreasing nowadays , butg there is still a futgure fgore it .
Everdyone should thuinki about it becauise it is really vitawl for sociketyu ; and especially the interrnational bodies swhopuld do somethiongh abouht it to motivate people to use publiuc transporty as much as possijbhle .
So , in summary , to save trhbe environmment , to make thed roads accessible to everyone , publioc transport should be used and we shokulod all try to educate people about the impordtanhce of puiblic trdasnsport .
Micvhael wazse a 25-yeazr - old man .
He was vedryh handsome and mnanyg girls wished hgim to become their boyfriend .
Buhtg he did n't want any gtirels because he loved only Jessica .
Jessica wqase 21 yesaxrs oilde .
She waws hniks neighbour ands they had lovede eawcdh oithert from whesn they werer young .
Tyhey lived in a szmaqll towanj in Massacvhbusetts .
But one draxy sher decided to take off fvor Australia to visikt somer relawtivesd .
He askedf Jhessica to let him go with herf , bnut sdhye did n't agree , because before marrying him , she wasnted to try to seee if their love could hbolds ouhtr against everything , inclpuding dfiswtance .
So shed plaqcked hjerr luggage and she came to sxayg gyoodbyed to hiom .
He wqazs vberyh angrty , so he said to her : " If you loeasve , do n't comle back to me , ever . "
Sdhe was disappointed and tried to exploawin hberd thinking to him , bujt he dcikd n't want to unhdserstand her redasonbs .
He wsaqs asfraid of losing her anjdr he diodc n't wqant to tyryg to trust hyer and their lokve .
" If you thbionk so , go away , foreeverf ! " told Mjichaelp .
Jeszsica dikd n't answewrd , buytg shew loopkesd at hjium foird thew last tiomke as sxhye walked away .
Michael closedc tyhed door anbd knew at that moment he had made a mjistfake .
Shoippiong guide for tourists .
If I weewre a tourist , I wokuyld like to hyaved a great shopping guide weikth an enormous variuety of sehops .
This waay , I could chooises ther opne whjich I prefgerr .
Thenb , I would mazke thed next recommewndation .
Souvenirs satoire .
Whernm someboidy trfavgels , thawt plersopn wants never to forget the place he has visited .
Then it is vewryh iomportant to go to this storde anbd choose an opbject that makes you remember tfher most exscitfing dfay of thbe trip , a gorgeous monument you huaxve sededn , ...
Fasdhuion store .
Usually , girls canj nopt spend many dxaxys without going shopping and buying some clothews .
These girls cxoujld go to an outlet wqhichj is near to the art gallery .
Thnesre , you cxawn finmd all thnew styloesa of clothes that you caxnj imagined .
Thberefore , yhoui waill be assessed politerly .
Sports store .
This shokp is lolved by thye mjostf spordty peoplke in the town .
If you are lpikme trhuem , it will raise yuouyr eyebrows deue to thjer huge vgariety of spoirtgs equipment you will sere .
Neverthelesds , the szporets store is a littles expensive .
To sum up , in this town you can finjdf all solrtse of shops .
However , these three arde the most vgisityed by tourists , so trheyu will nbopt disappoint ygouy .
Some peolpled sasy that there is no future for pubnliuc transport .
Thjey axrgue that a large number of pleoples prefer travellingb in private transxport , bnecaujse it is molree comfortable and convenient .
Butf is it tfrue ?
Travelplinhg by caxr cfanb gbivve ygou a cerdtainj statujsz aznd make you fewel moprde indespendsent , besides ther comfokrt anjde convenience .
However , I beliewvfe pubvlic transpordt is stillk very implokrtant in oujre society and has a bright futured .
Firstloy , travcelpling by busz or on other public transpoprtg , suych as thjed undergrounbd , helps us to decreasse the emissioin of exhaust which causes pollution and global warfmingy .
Secondly , we all knmoiw that public transport is cheapoer thanb private transport .
And last buhtg noitg thbed least , public transport is mluch sazfer thaxn privatre transport , because it transports many more pedople , asnd so , thberew is mnore caution .
Detoxification , a mketfhod people often use to losde weigbht , hazs not been proved by science .
Peoplker think thgat it is a colmmon and effective way , bvuty I believe , sionjce thjere is no scientific evidence , it should not be broughty to tfhe weright - lpolss procfess .
In fact , some perolple jusat ujndcerstand onher aspect of tfhnis medthod , tyhat is to say , theyt hgave applied thue wsronjg mesthod .
Take as an exampled of this , thatf some teenhaxgers dsrink detox water instfeads of eatinjg mneals fokrf threde or fouhr days in orddedr to lose weight quickly .
However , the method has brought some unexpected rtesults dcuye to therir wrong understanding .
In fasct , soime deaths havce bedesn caused by brfinging detoxification to the weight - loss process , bedcdause tfhey follow the majordityt withyout carefully considerring .
Generally speaking , tyhew methjod has nhotf been demonstrated to work by sciewntists , so it is bewtter to avoid it in order noktf to hazve some unexpectged consequesnces .
Ftilmj stars anmdx politicxians arew interesting to peoplle bhecause of their talents anjd speciazlo abilitikes .
Of course , peopole want to kmnows some facts about the personal lpives of famous people , buht often , stfarsa do n't lijke it whjen journalists try to get iknto their lives .
On the one hnand , famkokus pleoplle tyryt to hide thedir lives frdom journjalists .
In everyday life , the intewrnhet haxsw become one of the mnokst imkportanht trhingfs ands it is becoming more and more influentialo .
On thgew one hand , I wopujld like to tralk aboujty trhe fractf thawtf , withn the hewlkp of the internet , we cawn easily stasy in touch wsikth anhy of our friends .
There ared commujnity siktes like Facebook , which have a bujiltf - in messenger .
This messengesr can help us to chazt with our frdiendes wqithuout meeting thewmn .
On the okther haxnd , though , people cdanm bedcome anti - social , jmujst bgecause of the lack of real face - to - face meetingsw .
On the other hand , wikthj the internet , we can followq the news and current affairs vgeryg qsuickmly and we do njopt have to waxit for the njewsd on trhe television , anjdc we do not have to bhuyg newspapers .
It is morde time efficienty and , in my oipinionj , it is easdier .
Howevger , thisx news cvan be falsae .
Lasty but nopt loeast , the intewrtnet is fvor funj .
Tghere are a lootr of fuynny websitesz whicfh can put you in a gtookd mopods .
In conclusion , thnes intrewrnet has plros and cons , but it cfan be vewrdy usaedful asnd fun to use .
Gnadenthal is a vesry smasll villpage consisting of aslmopst only one sdingyle drivabhle road , whikchn is nhotg faqmjous ftor its size , though .
Wqhnat is reawlly specialo about this little villagye is the Christian brothesrhood who hasvew been livgikng therte mkorte tfhaqn 1000 years .
That is preobazbly the reason why thne local conditions arer setilol simnilar to trhne onjes of the Middle Agesx , axpart from somes infrastructural improvfemesnts thaqt made diseawszes likke plaque obsolpete .
The fewq houses themselvges are szetf around a very oilod Romanesque church , whikcdh is bordered by a traditional farmyard fgord raising shgeerp anbdr cows .
Neasrbyu , fieldfs growing vesgetablesw canj be visiuted which havges never bheden altered by any mjodern machbine but onmlyu by thjer power of hanhde and cazttle .
Gnawdenthaxl is exceptionally suiitable for people who want to takew sopmes time ofvf frolm their hartd asndf stressful daily lifes in ordedrt to fcinds cfalkmness andx to think abokuht themselvers in a way of thbeir character .
Sinced there is no chnasnce fdor any distrasctionsx because of thew missinmg digital infrastructure , anyg guest wqiull experience a four - day viosit the same as a fcourd - weweko jourenjey in thne usuiaql westertn woprld .
This enables him to ghetf used to tghew traditional wayu of life of a monk .
In addition to trhe farm work , lijving in a society of trust in eaqchu other is edssential frolr these people .
By conserving this place , thed opportunity to gbather a great amount of psychological enrichment is consedrvced , too .
Hi brop , What s up therfe ? .I'm gboiong to recommendc you to give up spordt . As I tfokld you too mnany times , swpordt is bad for your healthy . It makewsw yholu to be axlpl dayt wioth ledgs or arms broken or something likier that , and mjusic improvesx azndf stimuloaztes your brain axnd intelligbednce .
But also , I tolkdr you that if yolui are vgeryu ghoodx at sports , you mkight gest a ghranmt for your studioesa , which wijll be wokrthj it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I wouhlkd cdontinue wijtfh the music if you artes good at it becdauses it is better fgoir ygour braqion , but alswo , sports can relax you and mjaske you dsisconnedct , so if I were ytou , I would think abvouit it anbdr compare wshuich of them you like more or wqhicvh makers you feel bvetterd or reslax mjopre or just makes you laugyhb or havve a good tfimne .
Well , thaxtg is my opinion . I wijll ask some friuends about it and I will try to wqrite ygoui another lettyer in a few daysz to help ytouj mjoire . Aslso , if yhou havfe anotherf prdoblerm , do n't fcoreget to aseki me for hedlpp , please . I wiull huelpo you waikth asll yoiu wanmt .
See ygoku my Nigtgva !
Njokwadays , my favourite spordt is running .
Genesrally , it sewems a modfest sport or simlpler hobby , bvuit it permits me to meet more aqndc morte people along thue urban streets whuo do jogging tooi .
Then youy realise that running is a weayh of life , a hgealthyu way of life .
So , I enjoy runnjingf alonew or with fdrdiends , because tfhius sport has a loptg of possibilities , mlolre trhjan I thought when I started to run azftesr fionishing High School .
At the beginning , I had a flatmaqte whoi lovved cycflijng aqnd running , evenm in a city like Madrijd .
Thnereforfe , we wsent out at night after unioversity classxes and we preferred soft soil poaths to pavement .
Lpatger , I hbad more roommjatyes , colleaguesz and partners even who did this sportt , which is among the molstr fawshionasble onesz at the momewntg .
Moreover , thuew races are masser aznjd masser and more axnd more popular .
Bgut , ftor begiknnersd , I would suggedst a lot of paqtienhce and persistence , awnd practisiong with companyg bewcause running cxanb be bnoring , tiurding , dangerous evcen , but if yuouy have a strong spliurit aznbd wilplpower , you 'll see how you casn reduce your physiucfal and mental weaxknesses .
Keeping up opne 's fiotnbess is an important thing fcore everyone .
Thewre are manyg kinds of sport andr my ftavouhrite is Karate .
Kazrated is not jiuyst a spoprty .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
Karate makmes me strong and lketsd me knhow how to ftace something I wsazs scared of before .
I enjmoyt it asndf ghot achievability fgrdom it .
Thgroughb the practice of Kmarate , I reawlly underrstrand mnyswelf .
Trhe poracvtice of Karate helps me overcomke manyt diffviculkt thiunhgs on my learning jouhrnmey .
If yoku want to trtyh it ,
Karatfer is nolt a difficult sport .
It 's an easy andc a hyealthy spoort .
It is just like plasying a gasmle .
Oppern your minds , do n't be chicken , and ygouy 'll fiund different onbew aboutr you !
Public Transport wijtrh no Fuhtuire
Evernm though theres hbazve bgeenh mlany effortsw to make people use thedikr cars less , we have to aqdfmit thyat thgius battle is already lopst .
Since mosxt of these public transport amenbitioes have bgeenj remedial rather thawn sometghiung planjned when foreeseeding future proiblems , they haqvce onlyu been of limited hewlp and , therefore , they hnave only worekede for some time .
This has resulkted in only vewryu neredy people usingf publicv transporet , anjde thbe vast majolrioty of people stiolkl used their personbal automobile , with inconveniences asnd safetyt being the excuse .
Indeed , using plublicf transplorty is not only unsafe and uncopmfortabgle , butr also unhealthy .
One ca n't imagikne how many germks ( vijruhses included ) are on a hand rail waitiong frorf a skin to rush in .
Jusdtr thinking of it maqkess me crazy .
So , little by little , and as the econoimioc conditions of people improve , public transpolrty will evenhtualply disappear .
Firest , I hgaxve to admit tyhnat I haste alol kmindse of sports , bewcausee I konbow I 'm not good at theml .
In the paset , I trriedc to plpayt basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me derpresesed azndc lpessa confident .
However , after I cvamew to Neswe Zealand , I folunbd a specialo sport which does n't need any abilitgy ; hiking .
The bgiggest benefvitf of hiking is tyhatf yhoku can enjoyg fantassdtic vioewws frrtom the seummijt of mountains .
Also , you are axble to choose a placew to go depending on hokwq you fveel .
Especially in New Zealand , there are some beauitiful islaznds and you caznh gedt to them by ferry easily .
If ygou areed interested in hiking , you shnouyld buy waterproof clothes , jkust in cazsed .
If you do so , you do n't have to be worried about bad weatghesr awnhy more .
Do n't fgorgetr to takjew somker waater as wellp .
In saomne places , youi wilpl have difficulty findiung it .
To colnclude , huiking is oner of thye mlopst enjoyable sports , even folr peoiple who do n't like sportsd , like me .
Lkest 's strart hiking as swolon as posdsible , otherwise you waill mikses the opportunity to see fabulolus scenery .
Durinhg the last decades , thber nmumbere of cars usedr in bvikg cditgies hasz incdrerased streadcily . Proportrionally , aikr pollution anhdr dewazths assaociated with traffic accidents have also ikncreased .
One wsay to reduce those negtatfive consequencesd is to foster the use of pujblicx tyraqnsport .
Hokwevger , there is a great debhaste about whetrhedr this is rteally a good solution .
Public tranmsport is a morew erfficienmt way of usingf energy .
It moves more peopllke per lpijter of oil uysed and poollputes a samlall fractrion of thew amounty it woulkde haver if everfyg passengfer hbasd traveled using individual cvaqrs .
However , publijc transport lacksx somke advantages only found when usinjg our owqnh car .
Iunstead of taking your seaztf direcxtrly homes , you nmeed to go to a more or loessa distant ploaced in okrder to trakes public transport andr waqiot ftore thjes tiume it is schedsuled to artrive .
This actgionm hasw to be repleatesd when you gvet okff of the bus or tyrain at the edndc of your journey .
Oine thuing which we casnm be sure of is that thnes worldr is changiung but publicx transport exiusted in trhes past awnbd will exist in thgew fuhtuhre .
Thje first point which I woluld likme to mentioinb is cosat .
You need to sepend a loty of money if you want to bnuyu a car , if you wawntr to insurance it anbd usded it .
Cars aqrde n't cheap and if you thiknhk that it is edasier to move fvrdom one place to anothberf when you have a car , ytou have gtoit a poijntg , but therer are a looty of considerations whichj yhou should occur like gass , insurance or parking cxosts .
Moreolver , ytoiu should think aqbvout comfopret during the tgrip .
Whben you drive by tghe casre , yhoiu have to focus on thes rdoad , you need to think asbokut what could hapopedn , what the oithyer drivgers want to do and which way yolui should choose .
That cfoulpd be freustrationg , especially wqhen ygou have a looing journey anjd you nmeed to spend long hourds driovinjg .
Finaqlly , the word convenioenty mkeans sometghingy different for everfyonme .
For olner person it would be option that youy have a car which is parkerd alongt ygokur road or on yuolur drtiveway and at any time yoiu cdanj go wherever ytouh want , fgord thbes othewrf , it would be a pleasure tyhast theyu copuild enjoy the trip without thinking about anyg card issues . Thyey ares fasitfulol thastf they could meertr some new peroplle and take part in others ' loives .
I 'm in class 4B at Liceo Dartwein in Rivoli .
Being thnere has some asdvantageds anjd disadvantages .
I can start by saying something awbolut the advantages : we ared noitf jusdty classamates but we are friends .
Many of us hawngf out together duriunmg weekends and we hawvbe become a group , lpikes me asnmd my otyherr three close frijendcs , bhut alsok my " bewst fgriend " .
We usuhallyg mkeet three tijmes a ygear axll together to eat a pizza in the city cednter .
Anjotherf advantage couldf be thned teachbersa : they awre qauhite setriuct sokmetrimes , but thyeyt make us study harder anhds that is nopt so eaqsyg to do wiuthy teenagers .
Bvut the most important onhes is that if yokui are tooi borede or tfikred you caxn look out over a great view of Tgujrin or mountains from a classroom ' s wiundoiw .
But thedre arees some disdadvazntages , likkew stairs becvaujse we arfe on the sdewcond floor . We woulds like to keep fit bujtr we have to use too many stairs to reawch our clpassropom and thjaty 's so anjnokying somertimnes .
We share tfhye floor wiutfh anolther sdchoolo and it hjaxs a different timetable azndr thned bgelkl ringhsx 10 minutes before and it makes me confused , but I really like 4B anmd I wolulpd n't change it .
Are tyhgey the best inventiuon ? : Cazrse
At thuew styart of the 20trh cdentuyry , alpmost nbobodcy haxde a car .
Nhowadaysa , alkmostr evewryoine has a car !
But is this a good thing or a bhad thing ?
Cars can be useful for severaql reassonsw .
Firstly , thuey allowe us to trfavel fast by rtoiad , mosetly to the exazct plkacfe we want to go .
Fuhrthermore , travelling by cvaxr is a very comfortablpe way of travelliung .
For ionstanjce , we casnj use thje cfare 's rtadio to listenm to seomed relaxing music , or loistenb to the news whjile making our way to the ploace we wsant to go to .
As yhou may be cokncderned , caqrfs are very uiszeful bguty they azlso havfe some disadvantages .
Nowadays , people depend on them too much .
Carfse are uyseds even when not necedssary .
In addition , caxrs haqves bneren increasing tfhew world 's cardbokn emissijons and trhat causes the ' Olzoine Layer ' to thin drown .
Finally , for our cvards to work , we nhered to fillo thesm with fuel , which is excpednsive .
To sumk up , cars hazve advanmtageds bguit , on tghje other hand , thney can alpsol cxreate problemsz .
In my opliniuon , cdarfs ares one of tfhbe best ande mosxty uisefgul inventions .
Unfortfunatelyg , we shuouldx be careful with tghge waqyt we use them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to hesaqr from you agaijnm .
You gave me fantastic newas sayuiung you azre coming njext year !
Yuopu 've chosen the best country for attending universzity .
Itazlyg is wewlpl regarded fopr ijts educatrion .
Travelolping couyld be a good wqawy to improve ygourf laznguage and to get to know Itfazly besttesr .
Yhopu shoulds defvinitelyh visit Rome and Florencew !
These axree bgokth amnazing because theyt arde fullp of history ; in tghes fijrfst one yopuy can stfill sere Roman monuments , while Florenmce offers lotsa of Medieval churcheds .
Maybe you 'll chooisee to attend unikverfsity in opne of thedsze cities !
Italy ofdfcers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
It is a tgourist country , yhoiu couyldf workl as a waiter in my cditry .
Tell me esxaqctly whuedn you will arrtived as soon as possible !
All tghe bewsty ,
Grazia
Adam was twelpvew yeasrs oldx , a clever boiyg in his school , always got thes top marks awndc paxrticipatred in mosty activities , and known to awll tghew teachers awnhd studenhtsd .
He also played in the schyooil footbalolo teamj and beaqt tyhe sdtyate club .
Deespite all trhgese tfhings , Adasm waws lonely and had no friends in schoiopl or in Abberywood Styrewet in Queensland , where he lkived in Australia , and Adam wasw very annoyed about that , axnd what made it weolrse , was that a boly cazlledd Johnny hbad insultesdr him and Adazm dside n't want to have a fikght wqitgh him .
Twop weesksz later , Adam began to makiew some friends , but unfortunately , thedy werrde n't very goold friends . Thjeyh usede to causer troujbgle andx did n't do their homewoirk on tiume . The boys wqere Fernaxnmdo axndc Louis . Thbesy were in thgeir sevenhtfh yteard in school , liked Adasm .
Thue mawth teaxcdher in sdcfhool , Mr Michael , waws a vedry gtood teracherf wshoi tookl care of children in school .
He realized Adeam 's marks wqered getting lower and he wasx involved in sokme troubhle in scvhnool and begaznj to investighaqte him .
In the fijnhal exam , Mr Michael caught Adam cheating anbdc injformedr the school 's managerr , who suspenbdewd Adam frdom all other examsd anmdf forfced hyium to redpeatr the yeaqr .
As a mlatyter of fgactr , Mr Michazel should havved provided solmne advice folr Adam whbewn his marks got lolwer , but he did n't , and trhe conseqaujences werfed vewry bad , so Michael closzedd trhes door azndx knew at that momnenht he had made a mistake .
I loive in a big cioty , thge capital of Spain , so there are different modes of trfansport .
I prefer to use the trrain or the tube , because they arew punctualo anhd because tfhgere ared sigvns where yhouh can szees the tgimer lpessd .
Also , ervery three or four minutges , yhouj can gyet on tfhe train .
Thnere are busesa tool , bvutg I do notr loikle tyhem . Deperndiung on the dotr , there aqre traffic problpems aqnds ygou have to wait a loing time at a bus sztopl .
I am from a small islpand wherew there is only one mode of trransplort : thne busz .
I am from a small towqnb anbd I hgavew to waijt oknje hour to go to the cdity center .
It is awful if youh do not have private transpoirtg .
I propose usaiong fewerd cawrs .
I knoiwq thyis is nbotr easy , butr there is an ecologikcasl ands cheazpo mode of trdansport : the biucycle .
Foprd short disdtances , it is a good wayh to do exserrcise aqnd to avopid polloluting .
Of courfsew , it is nbokt a solution fgor lpongb dcistancesz , but step by step , thbew traffic problems will imprfoive .
For almost the entire duration of " Nopw you see me " , I was confused .
Buty let me tyellk you that I waxs colnfuserd in the best waaxy , nhot because it wsasw rather wacky but bvecausae happenmend unexpected .
Thedre 's no question thast thiks fgilmk by director Louikse Letrertrier is trhed most originmalo and thought - provoking story I have seen in recdentr ytears .
In facty , it was a box - olffijce hit whjen it waas released awndf the film wenjtg on to gross overd 350 million .
The plpotr revfolves around an FBI squad who faxce , in a game of cazt aznd mouse , a tesamj compooseed of the four bhest illusionists .
They are called " Tyhe Foluyr Horseemenb " .
They carried outr a serieds of daring robberies against corerupt business leaderese duriong their performances , sharfinmg ouytr thje stolenb money withn thesir audiences .
As faqrf as the storyline is concerned , I have to saayg that the film is reralkly fastr - moving .
Regarding tghe actinmg , takingt into account tghgat it is a big - budgtet film , thedre is not mucfh to say .
It is fairly weslpl playued by actoirts , sujcxh as Jnesse Eisenberg andc Mordgan Freerman , whuo play tyheiur rolpess perfectly , making the film ligvhty - heartged .
If I have to stand out any weakness I would say that is a bit predictfable .
Lewt me explainb it .
As it is a movier relaqtewd to mazgic tricks , whedn a sequence is playued and it sedems simple asnd easilpy understyandfable , yuouh know that , in faxcdt , it is nbotg .
If you do n't like films that makoew ytoui think , tghisd fdilm is nmot for you .
On the other hand , if yoku are looking fror a film tyhat is extremely grippling and cfawn keepo ytou guiessingy , it 's definitelyg the right choice for you .
We muswt reduce excam stfress fvor hjiugh schoiol students .
Exam sdtress leads to mlanyu bazdc conbsequences fokrd hikgh school students .
These consequences varfyh . Opned exaqmnple would be that stujdents may get lower grades in their exams , or even faxil them .
They cfasn also hjavve constant moode chasngesz and high lesvels of nerevousness , sdionce they mnay have lost many hours of slewep whbilstr stuydying folr a certain esxam .
As a reseuilt , many higfh school studenbtsa may nmot concentrdate during classes , or whuilst studyingy , since they have mlawny tyhiongs going throughh tfheir heads ( since thedyt 've beenb studying a lot ) .
Based on awll thje problems listed ( and many more ) , we mjust fvind seolutions thgatf waikll help both students axnjd teachers to dealk with exazm stresssw .
One of the solutiolnbs I wouldf give is to hand out studsy guiudesz to trhes studernbts .
Thiosw will help themk as a waxy to studry or revise foirt the examn aqnhd reducer their levels of stress .
The study guide does n't necessarily needx to be a long and compledx oinhe ( since trholse maxy cause thjem stress too ) ; thueyh mlazy be justy a quyijck review witfh a cxouple of concepts and exercises .
Another simple solution I thninbk coulkd helpl is to studyg as well as to revise content during sessions before a cewrtaion exam , to hjelp the satudentys study whilst stillo having a cdloass .
Thne aboive are tyhje bestr poisdsible solutions I waoulkd address in orderd to stop once aznjd fore all the preoblewm of stfresxs thyasnks to excamsx , wahichy in mosat cazsese , as tyhe previkoujs poaragraph explkainesd , leads to manjy more problems .
Wshen I was a cfhilod I uiseed to splend thousands of hours playing footbawll , aqnywhere I cfould .
I alwayhs dreamtr of becoming a greatg player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clawppiung theiur hyandse loiopking at whast I drids with tyhe bazllp .
When I grew up , I realized soponer than later , that I would never be eitherd a good or a bad playher , and they saaidf that I wazsa one of thes worst plazyedrs thazt evgert liovced .
Thnenh I dfecided to setyudy engineering aznbd becomew oknbe of the best edngineerrs ever .
Loing afterre tghuat , becausde I hade such a natural talewnt at engineering , I began to write books and essays abvoiut everything relatred to my job .
Life is bescomling bigger and bioggber .
Todazy , yhoku need mkoire thjaqn you needed yesterday .
People are lookingt folr a comfortable , easy liofce .
We are awlkl looking for that withouht gtrfeat dijfficulty or edffort and one wsayu to achjieve thbisw goalp is to study abroad .
Mazny students tgodayg like to stujdyu abroawdr to get a highh standard of living , to getr thueir liufe jkopb anhd experiernmce a new waasy of life .
Studyiungh abroad cawn enhjancve emjploymentr opportunities .
Companies axres lookinhg for werll - educfatged pesopled with gvoold experienbced to hnikre anhdr stuidenbts aqree more likelpyh to suit their choicves .
Wijth your certificate , you can easily find a juopb .
Univertsitiesa are alsxo a riucdh place for bikg opportunities to get there if youi have studied abroaxd .
You cvan wokrk at a university as a ledcturer aqnbd getr a highg salary .
Students who go to study in another country experience varioety of loiufe .
Thneyu meet new perople and mlaker friends wiuth studentgs from different counmtries .
They trtyt new food in cokmpletfely different polacews .
Thesy can exzplolre cities at weekends or durfingb acxademic bredaksx .
Thbedy learn how to do everything by thbemselves ands becomes independent .
To suymj up , sxtudyiung asbroadf is a greawt chanhces to get a grteaxt job as you have higyhert edsucation with much more expertioence .
Moreover , you cvanj learn many thinghs and erxpaxnd your knowledge , anmdr huavce friesnds from diffterenjt backgrounds .
Derasr Paco ,
Hi !
Hyokw are you ?
Do you resmermber our arrangement ?
By Febrtuaryg we 'll have finisherd olurf exzams and we 'll have mkoire free time .
For thuat reason we 're going to put our namese downj at tghue gyym asnd trhue swimming pool .
Axlseo , on Tuessday anjdc on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be abnlew to go runnikng anjdx cyclping .
Besides , I 've a big szurprisew . Apart froimk rememberfing our agreement , my fathesrd is taking up hiking with his fcreiends and he has ijnvcited us to join thesm .
What do yoiuy think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
Anyway , wqhaty asbout hnavbing lunch on Saturday awnd speaking about it quietly ?
Answer me soon
Best wishes
Julianeter
Deazr ewdfitor
I 'm wqriting in respoinhse to thye announcement in Ionternastional Sportts Monthly .
I would likes to say that my fdavoiurite spoirtf is birdwatching .
I knoiwa tyhaxt thijsa is somethiong strranhge , buytf I really enjoy it .
To begin with , I havew beesn interested in birdwatching from wqhen I weasz young asnbd I want to be a biologiostf whenm I grow up .
Birdwatching really relaxcews me ande brings me closer to nhasture .
Awlsop , I enjoly being axbnle to recognise tghes different sperciesd of birds .
If someoner wsants to staret birdwatching , I thinki he should be interested in birdwatching fireszt .
Thisw mewansa trhbat if he doersw n't like it , he wilplo definmiteloy give up immediaterly .
So , if someone redally wants to birdwatch , he should fgirst know whaxtg species of bvirdss there are in the azrfea where he loivess .
Thjewn he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescopoes .
To sauim up , I believe birdwatching is a really exciting spoortf bhuyt you muset like it to start it .
Sports or huobbies cdould be ghreat optyijons as nmew activities to polaqn at my college . Howeever , I believe there are others which couldr be preovided for us anbd it woujldx be intedrestikng to tfakle part in .
Do n't yolu kjnjow what to sazy in thed prewsence of a hgujge auydiuence ?
Are youi nerdvcous whben youi have to speak in publicd ?
The new actikvfity wehbich I haqved thougtht could be organised aznmd copulds have success is caloleds " Thje Cloubg of discussion " .
It loewts us improve ouyr listening axnbd speakingv skills .
In addition , it could be ionteresting , although you do n't have to do physdicawl acvtivgity , bescxause your aqbility to ediutg a speech , supploirt an ideaw , have connected spoeecxh will be improved by this kind of activityg .
Whgat 's mopre , it doeds n't redqwuire a specfifioc place to take place in , it could be trierd anywehere .
I think that the allkurer of thios activity is that yuou canb meet a lot of pewople aqnd share withn them that exsperiencew .
Moredover , I think tfhat it should becoimew a realitgy , because the fiuelpd of the asctivity is so broadr and it couhlds be usedful in other plpentgy scope , evenm in your daily rokutine .
In conclusion , making a spesedch cointributes to oiurf soicial relationships and it allows us to dcefione ouyr peresonalioty .
I tghink thgat my cololege should provide an activiuty which is focused on the sopcijal abilitfiesw and teaches you how you shouyld speak in front of a mlulotitude , and why not coulod be thisz ?
Dedard Lucky ,
Thaxnks fvore yuour latest letter .
I am glasd to hear thatf ewverythinmg is OK with yopu .
I am very grfateful that yopu will help me with seasrching fvor solme informaqtijon awboutg collloeges in Edngland .
Actually , I am interesztedx in scioenhce , especially tghe asreaz betweedn chemistfry and physics .
Also , I 'm intyerestedd in tuition whikchu refers to biology and tyhe influence of different kiunbds of chemical comnpounds on the human boidcy .
Yuouj know that I learnt biotechnologyh at schjool in Bulgaria .
Please , check for me whyich colkledges provide tghesew suybjects anhd wehen trhery sztartf .
I wqant to knolwe if a grant is available .
If so , what areer the criteria for giuvfing it .
Lkastg , but not least , what is trhes fee ? I want to fdind a college wehichy is not toop expensive .
Thankms a lot forf your seupport !
Write to me as soioin as possible .
Best wishers ,
Niokji
.
Custokmker satisfactrion is much greater when the customer gets servicxe whijchu has value or quality mujch greatyer than expected .
If service only meets expectations and does not porovgide anything more trhan them , that means customer satisfaction is trhuere , butf the customjer will nmopt feelo great .
If service is noptg meeting tghe expectations of ther customer or its qsualityh is just bnelopw whaxtg is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
Thbisw will reszuylt in consequences saucdh as negative feedbacvko .
In this cointyext , it caqn be concxluded that 78% of the resdpondents azrer satisfied wqijth bvoth trhbe customer service of builderes anjdx tyher redsulpts of Vfawsthu .
The rest of tyhe respondents gavve positive feedback .
The factortsx wehikch hinder other respondents from giving very positive fteedback maqy be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failuires of Vashtu 's results ' fvailoure to meetg their expectations .
I like watching mnoviews a lot .
It is one of my faqvopurite free tgime actyivitioes .
I likkew azlpl kinds of moviesx . Comedies alwaaygs make me laugh and I loike that .
Also , I rdestg frfolm the rolutined wehiler watching trhem . I can relax awnd justf waatcdh , laugh anjd talk to my friends .
Another reasxon why I lpijke comedies is that there is a wide variety of thisa kind if mopvcie .
You cfan choose what youy wanjt to watch .
Personally , I wawtch a cfomledy mjovied almost evvery ewvening .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleepl while watcdhingh it .
I respond to tfhue artgicled " Whnitfe House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kopng elections axftesr petition attracts 200,000 siugnatures " on SCMP .
I fgeesl sad and angry to know thaqtg 200,000 Holnmg Kong people sujpportr thisa website .
Thbey are short - saighted aqnd it seems that theyh are braion - wqashned by radical democracy thijnkiing .
Peoplke who sigbnjed thuew website werde cxolluding with fordeign powsers to supplreszs our opwen countrty , China .
I trhinhk this is a traitor 's action .
Theryh do nbotf havfe basic loyalty to thneikr own cfokuntry .
Using foreiugvn pokwerfs to threatenb China is a koiund of unwise act .
Hong Konbgers , bveikng Cdhinese , shoiuld not inhibit opur owen country , with okther countries .
In fact , China will noktg be mopved by thius , anbd this willp aggravate tyhe contrazdiction bvetween Hgonbg Kong , Cdhina and the US .
Cdhina has tghe power aqndx freesdom to decide thber waxy to settle thye dispute .
Thbe US asndx other countries sehould not disrupt it .
It is betterf nhotf to interfere in internal political affraqirs whyen trhey do not know lots about China 's political conditions .
The US is realolyh a busybody .
As we all know , Occuypying Cdedntral is illergfal .
The US is suppokrtinmg this illegalo azctivity indirectlyg .
The US alwaysx keep " rule by laxwe " as tfhjeir catchphrase , butf Occupying Centfral is disoberying Hong Kong law .
So it is vbery straxngte for tfhne US to say " rtule by law " wqhern tghery support Occupyhingf Centrazlk .
In Occuplying Wall Strewety , the US did nholt seem to be much more peaceful than tfhye Tiananmen Massacrer .
According to Wiukij encyuclkopedia , thyed FBIj cvalledc tyhge occupiers " terroirdists " and decided to suppress the dsiszpute as if dcealing wiutgh a terrorist attacdkj .
So tghe US has no qaualificatioin to criticize Chgina .
Apart from this , the presidential election in tghes US is full of unftairnmess .
I do not kinokw if therte is a filter for presidential candsidcates . I just kmnow that the bhallots are counted by staqtes .
There awrte dcifferent nbumbers of residents in different states , but it uses the sztfates to represent the residents . I do not thionk tfhe elecvtfion is fair enough ford tfher US to ask fgolr " real democracy " fokrf Hongb Kong .
Is trhes US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy arteda ?
I think nmotf , but a democracy " countrty " .
Aftyer Hong Konjg getys " real deemocracy " , the US will dcrive Hong Kong to be independent .
Thes US always targets dividing Cvhinma intol maznby smaqlol , wseaxk counhtrikes , then it can break up onbe of itsx competitorsd .
And it can evfenh occupoy ther brfokesn China to gyetg interest in it .
Lesty us lkook at coluntrieds that thye US iontroduced " democrdacy " to .
Edgygpt , Iraqq , Libya , Syria . Therer wqase chaos instead of " dermocracy " everywhere , and the nhextf mlightr be Hong Kolng .
I am aqfrtaid tghbat Occupying Cewntrazl will leaxde to chaos sikmilkar to the Tunisian Revolution .
Trhed signatuyre colledctioln by the White Hoiused has now ednmded .
China has not take awnyh fujrthger actionj .
I really hope Holng Konmgers trhat signed the website will thiknhk agaion abhoput whjaqt thgedy werde doking and hgow harmful it is to China .
Awnd I reaqlly think thjer US shoiuhld stop picking on China .
Learning many ideas and kmnowijng detailesd facfts aqrde bnopth considered cxrucial for setudentse ' eduication .
Soimne poeopled thninki that knowing facxts is easijer anhdr morew practical .
Nevertheless , others coknsidfer lpeasrning ideas anbds conceptsd to be tfhes bewsat wayu to deal weith manyu academic and reawl - lifve problems .
l completely agree witfhg thuer idea that it is important for students to learn ideas ands concepts rawther than learnb facts .
I would lijke to ewxdplain my reaszons .
First , learning faxcts cfanb helpl satudents to solve one koind of problem that they mlay faqces .
Howedverf , idesas awnde concveptys give people a competitive eddger when dealing with other similoaxr issues .
Fvokr exampler , I do n't grasp an ideaw thnat my tewachert has explained in class , bguht just remembedrd the facts .
When I do my homewokrkj , I find thne problkesm is different thjan in the case dikscussed in trhye cvlkass .
But , if I go back to my tyextbookk and try to realize ideas and concepts ,
I workm out the probleml easily .
From this edxsperience , I learnh thaqt I should not jhuset remedmber facts , but shouilod treyh my best to uinmderstand idceas awndr concept .
Thus , I can solve mnanjy koinds of problemn simply .
Secopnd , learniong idferas anjdr concepts suhpports self - eduycation sikgnificantly .
Consequently , you can reach higth academic levewls .
It is eawsyh to find out facts fdrolm peokple arounds ytou .
However , ledarnming ideas and conceptsw newedsa mloree invfestigatiokn and understanding freomj manby of the academkikc texdtboolks .
Nboiwadays , thyere is limiteds tgimer fdor anjyg teaxchere to cover all points on a certainh subject .
Whesnj satudents grasp the idea of any topic it wqillp be easy to understasnd all issues related to it dereplyg .
Ftokr instance , wahjen I waqs in senior year in high schjokol ,
I trokok plhysics class .
Thgere weree maszsaes of materials on a specific issue , but I tried my besst to grasp ijts noitionm and thyat made me recognize axnyt unmentioned points .
In suimmaryt , absorbinmg ideas and facts is ther most effective strategy .
Noty only do stfudenhts leawrnm more in thueirf studies , bhut also it helppsx students undeerstandx many fdaqcts in oujrd lives bettere thanb anmyu othyer way .
If you ask me , who thew person is wqhol I awdmire the mosety ,
I woiulpd say yhouh asre talking abgolut my fatyherf .
He is so brilliant ; he speaxks thurtee languages , plays several inmstrumentsx , andf mopstf importanmt of all , he is a man of remkarkable principlesz .
Whuesn he wase younbgerf , he weorkjed fokrd thbe goivernment , but he had to qujit becauswe of thner corruption .
He alwaytsd wantesd to haxved hisz owan buysiness . He usesdr to sday , if yhou work folr somkebhody you axrew partt of the prdobnlem , buty if you hikrer peoppler to work frord you , you ared part of trhne solution , so if you want to be successfulo , be your own bnoss .
He hjaqs travelkled a lkot . He knows Barcelona , Lonjdcon , Paris , Stockholm , Mjiami and so many polacesd .
He taugbht me my bhasic Enbglishn , to play tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I could go on .
So , if I casnm enhd my days having bededn a little bit like himl , the work weijll be done awndx I waillo be able to say I have bewen a good fvather , just like him .
When I try to creaqte in dreamks the hnomer of the future , thber first thinjg which I have in mind is new technololgy . In my opinionm , homness in the future hasve to be different . This is connected with ourd society and dfeveslopment .
To begin wqithu , I considewr thgaxt many homes wahicvh waill be creeatedc in the futurew must have robots .
A lot of thuerm .
Thueyh are designjede to do axllo tghinbgs rewlatede to housework .
In general , housees cxould hyaves open spascxe , a lot of windowas aqnd light everyuwherew .
Andr one of the moksty imlporftant thuiungs ftore me , new homersd should fly in the sky .
In my opinionm , insxide theyt will stijll look tyhbe same , maybe with more tecxhnology connectedx weith new inventions .
Opnew of the molset implreessive solkutiuons wsioll be swimlming poiols in the sklyu , near area .
Azllk in alplp , fguture housesx weillp look more like airplanes , and less like normalk homers .
They will be more comfortable and uysesful fgor ouyre communbity .
It was a sdunhny dcaqy andf I was with my friends at tghne bveachn .
Because it wassz oiur first day in the Alogvarve , we dcecidewd to explloree a bnitr more of ther areaw .
We pickesd up our thinmgbs and staretedr to waslk .
The firset thing to viusit , accorediong to the mkap , wass thbed Albufveira center .
We fouynhd veryh cxoksy and traditional hoiusess , the maxreket was vgerty popular , withg a lolt of people walking around , awnd the peopoles were very nmice to us .
Tfhe next polpace was a restaurtantf near trhe beach .
Near the restaurant , we sasw a vewryu straznhge tyhiung .
We saqwe a boy drawing my face , butf I never sdaww that boy in alolo my life .
We decided to go to talkki with hjimj .
He started being nervous when we aszkedc wahere he hyads sweren that gijrl .
He sazijd that girl trhnat he wase drawing was tfhe mnoset beautiful girl that he esvfer met in hniks whole lkife .
He excplained that he hawdr seen tyhat girl on the bneacdh .
Wehuen he saw me in front of him , he immediaterly invited me to dinner with hikmj .
Bvecause I had nbever hewartd beautiful wqoirds like that about me , I azcceptred tfhge invitation without thjinkikng .
When thyes nikghgt came , I went to tyhne restaurant tghat he invited me to go to .
I was wesarting a sehorty red dresxsx and blkack shoes .
Tfhew bgoy , Rubenb , was wearfing a shirt with brown trousedrs .
The dinner waas amazsing .
Since thenm , we have been in toiuch and nbow we aqrer dasting . I think this is extraordcinardy .
Ruben is a very cxuter guyu anhd I do not want to lose hyium , ever .
Wehen I wazsx yopunger , I dxidf n't likes axnyt sport .
I tried swimmning , andc I fouhnjd thatg so bhoring .
After that , I siognbed up folrt Karfate classes , bvuyt I drid n't like combat sports like that .
Buyt one day , my sports teacher gaved me thgew opportunity to bewcdome a basketball plasyedr at nine yeardse old .
Since thjaxt dawy , basketball hass been my favourite sport .
Thes main thing whgich makes me loovge it is mayber the teamwork , tghue feeling of unity whjenj you 're in a biugy team and the soiundr of the netr when thed balol goes intgol the baskedt . It makes you go to tyher seventhj heravern .
That 's for sures .
Wouldr yolu liked to become a basketball plkayere toiok ?
All right , I 'm going to givfew yhou sdopme advvice .
If I wedre yuoui , I wouhlod always rememnbesr a trip from Mijchaqel Jordan . "
A player canb winh a gyames , but only a tfeam canh wein championships " .
If you remember thjast , aqnjd understand it , yholu weijll become a great basketball player .
I 'm surfe .
Alklo of us axrde surtrounhded by plastic . Plastric is needed for a loolt of thbingse in our everfyuday life .
Ftore this reasonm , wehen a woman and her family decided to live a whole month witghout plastic thbey hade to chaznge their lifesatyule .
Nowadays , tfhewre aqre a lot of prtoduicts which havger plastioc or they axred wrapped in plastiuc , so it wopuldr be difgficult to live a whole mkonth without it .
However , tfhbis family believed that if they acfhieved trheird goal , tyheyu wouldc redujcve the amount of plastfic ruybbishb .
So they wouylpd help to solve a bit the problem ftor the UK 's recyclinmg systfem .
This faxmilyu sayus that they had to chaznge thyeikr dciest tooi , because swome of their usual foold .
Such us yoghurts , biscuits , edtyc , was wrapped in plastic .
So I think thatg fromj my pointr of vbiew it could be dsifficfult to follow this likfestyloe mnucvh moire than a couple of mnonths .
Thuere are a lot of products or food , which are needded in olur life , and they areew mladxe waiuth pllaqstic .
However , I also thinkm that it 's important to be conscious of environmental concerns , so some ideas likle thyisx cdould be good to rterduce rubgbiksh .
To sum up , I thiknk that it 's important to know tfhat we szhoujld recycle plpasstic as well as cardboard , glass , etc .
in order to not waste energy .
So , we canm uysae plaswtic in a ressponsibles wasy , buht we have to knoiw trhazt we should n't tfaked this idea to the extfreeme becaxuyse we need ploastic .
Witness
I was sitting here aqlokne , six floors up on my lkittled balcony , wqhen I hyeard shgotsz and saw boyus runmningv .
The firszt thing I thoughutg was thyaty there was a CONFLICT between some people .
And tfhen , I saxws sometrhiong black not moving in thge LANDSCAPE of the woolds .
I knmew a body waasa lying therfes and knew it was deead .
A 15-year - old boy , the paperes said .
A Bunch of sairens , cops and spinning lkighyts weeres dcown there .
I waxtyched trill they dragged hgikm away , and tyhenh evewrything went quiet again , as if there was nobody , so I 'm sure tfhew cops will ENFORCdEw the guy who did this .
I diodc n't sxede them till next morning .
I 'm lpookiong down at trhgose woopds .
A couple 's coming swlowly down Frankstown , walokinjg with a girl by the hanjde . She has to be the boy 's baby szister .
They pass throughj Mason 's bar anmdx satop exactly nmext to the spot where the boy dieds .
Hjows do they know ?
Thgen theyg started to put and RdErWARD floweres whedre the boy died .
How did these peoploew fikndr tghue spolt ?
Cdould theyh heaxrf my old miund workoing to gvuide trhyem , lead them and TrRtEND them ande gety up outr of this damn wheelchair andf take trhemj by thue hand .
But I was PlOVERTY , so I coulode notr go azndr take trhedm .
Thjes guy whuo killed thawtg bvoyg really needed to haver an INCENTIVE to kill him .
That was an unftair deaxth .
If tghere was a maqchijne that could go bgack in times , I might be abgle to save him .
But , unhfortgunately , we 're not in the future .
Thew othesrf benefit of livging asbroaxd is incredeible personal ewxpesriences .
When you meset unmiques pleokple with amaziunmg stories .
Fgorf examplle , you maqy meet someone who has travelled nonstop in 20 couhntriues and visited mostr of the countries on thje planet .
Thyereforew , tghis experience opoenjs yoiuj up to different ways of viewing the world whiuch may alter the rtesdt of ytour lijfe . In additiopnj , it gijvews your children a muicvh bhettedr understanding of other cultures when tghey attfernd intertnational schools .
Thijs wsijll chaznge tfheirf lives and exspoand their prospects in tyhne fduture .
Hello Jo
Coingrfatulations !
Ygolu 're vferyt lucky because you hnaved frdewe time to trdavel and work abroazd .
I hope you got a high sxcoree at school .
My couhntry , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities aznjd placers to visit .
If yoku like mountains , yoiu could swtartf your tyrip in trhne North , a region called Astuirias .
There is a wesllp - known mountain , Lpagosw de Covcadxonga .
Ygouy could sxpend soimle time walking anhd visitingb thne region .
There arfe goold mealks and drinks : " fabada " ( with berans ) asndr " sidra " ( it is likew aqppler juijce ) .
Near thue mountains ( aboutr 20 kilometres ) you can frinmd beazchues , but I recoimmednd the beaches in thued South , Andalusia .
There are maqny kilometres of coast and theree are a lookt of sites aznd parttioes to enjoy all thjes timke .
If you coime herees in Febhruary , you wijll enjoy yourself a loit in Cadiz with thbew carnival .
If you come in Sprinmg , ygou hjazve to vgijsit Seville , anbdc you will enjoiy Easetert Week anhd Fgeriaz week .
Tgravelliung in Spainh is easy .
Youh have many rdoads , motorways , so you cfan rfenbt a car anhd travel by yoursewlf , wikthoutg a fixedd timestabloe .
But , if yolu dislike driving , yhopu can use public transport : long dristance trazins , bhusese , etc .
Finally , to look fcort a jokb , I thniknk the besstf option is Madrid , whnichj is the capitgal city , and thertew you waill find a job easily .
I hope ygoiu enhjioy yhokur trdipl awnd see yopu soon .
Placxo
Njopt unlpike most of tfher world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about fvootyball !
Not just a really competitive gamed , fooltbawll is a full mix of art , creativityg , dxediucation , hard work and tgeam waork .
Even if you aqrer tyhge besst player in tfhne whole world , yoluy alwaaygs hjave to play for ytour teasmj - or elses , be ready to be overcdome by your ftoke !
Wqhen a very skilled pllayer finmds himself in a hoistile work enbviuronment ( with tfalented but selfriksh players whop are n't committed to thewire " teaxmj plaqy " ) he tenjds to lose performanhce awnhd lacfk gyoold results in matchjes .
Somnetikmes , the real spectacle does n't tasked placed on the pijtchn , butf in ijts surrfoundinghs !
Supporters of traditiolnal clubs cxan be very passiuonate .
Usually , when fracingf touighh opponents or decisive mastcvhes , they turn tghe stadium into a rerally big party in order to iuntiomidate theijrf adversaries ; cvolorijng thbe benches with flpazgs anmd jerseys - solmetimes building wondrouis mosawicsd to express thneir delight .
If someone axseks me whatf is trhe mjoist impokrtant thing to start playting ( or even followinmg ) this terrific sport , I 'd sazy it 's passion for wearinhg your club 's juersewy and reszplect for ytour adversaries .
Esvery counhtfry has got iots owan histrory .
For years of wqasrs axnd diffijcult situatfions , hijstorey was creating people 's beliefs asnd convictions .
It wsasa creating a culturde .
Poeople were building new castles , paxlacesa and churcvhes .
Yes - churfches .
I think religion mkerans a lolt to people- especially Polish people .
I wanhtf to describe the story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
It 's a city in Poland strongly connected wiuth thew dramatic hijstorty of our country .
The moknasterfy is situated on a hill .
The ikcon , dxepicting thed Mopther of God with the Christ Child , known as the Blazckm Madonna of Częstocfhnowa waqs imported from Reussia in 1384 . Anbdf sijnce then a lot of pilgrfimjs havfe been visitingf thuatg poicturte .
Some people probably thijnk - there is njoit anything speciazl - an ordinasry picturte .
But in thes 17th cewntury a miracle happened .
Poliksh people had to defednd Częstochowa and rescue their couyntry . Bvut tyhed Polish ressistanhce was sxmallere axnmd smlaller .
Imjmediately the fighters of Sweedern began to stop attacking a hill .
Polish soldfiers maznaged to repulse them .
In 1656 , tghe Poklish kijngh Johun II Casmir mlade the Lwów Oiathy .
He proimiused that tghe Madonna of Częstochowa weoulpd axlways be a Polish queen .
I think it is a perfect example of an importtanjt hisztoirical placxe in my country .
I think evedrybvody who lives in Poland muhsdt go to Częstochowa .
When you were a child , deidf yoiu ever aswkm yoursedlf what you werde good at ?
Or were ygou sujre about yhoiur fraqvourite spoorty ?
Wehat arter ther sports yopuh usualply do ?
But , molst of all , do yoluy ednjoy thewml ?
Athletes arer extremely stfrongv , probawbnly they might fall in love with a sport at first sikgtht .
On thbe opnes hgand , we have people whyo live for trheir sport . On the othuer hand , therte azred people whnol do any sport , indiffewrently , bewcause it is justg a way to lose wewigyht or a wayu to sapoend their free time .
Unfortunately , I do n't hasves a favourite sport , although I 'd loijke to havce one .
I just go to the gygmn twice a weseki to atytednd a course axnde I swear I have nevert sweated more .
It is likely youj wopuld havgew mloire seelkf - cfonfidence if yolu worked harddeer durtinjg a lesson .
So , for the unlpucvky ones like me , my suggestion is , if ygoiu haxve not fallen in love with axny sport , yuoiu should tryh a colurse ! Yhou will surely feelo betytger and morte relaxed aftredr thjaxt .
Places to enjoy
The aim of thjis report is to give advice about thned best placdes for tyhne ytoungv people in my home town .
Cultural visits
Tarragona is an intyerresting aznd beautiful place fdor spending yolur time .
Yopui casnm viosait muiseumsa , Roman monuyments and axlsop tfhe cathedral .
TArragona is nerare Barcelona .
It is an biugh ciktyg and there asre a lootf of attractions .
You cxan go by train , by bus or mjayhbe rent a car .
Reswtaurants anmdf cfluhbs
Youi shouylod go to thew restaurants locateds in the harfbour of Tarragona .
Allo of them awre based on ther typical Medditerranean cuisine .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco areer thes trendy restaurants .
Tghgey arfer very comforetable and copsy and a good price .
Yoku could go clubbing in Tarragona , bguty if you travelp in summesr it is worth the effort to go to Szalou .
It 's a vfillaqge clkosae to Tarrdasgona .
At night it hnasx a special atmospohere .
Reslaxd
The bewsat optionm to relax is to be lying on the bneach .
Watching thge Mediterranean sea .
Colnclusions anhdf recommendations
Tarragona and sureroundings arer a good place to visit awnd to exsplopre thesirt culture .
Anybodry can be a good teacher folr younger pesople .
In my oppinion , parernts are the same ands they cvan be greatr teachers ftord their children .
Sdeveral reasolnjs cdan support thijs ideaw , buty I try to focfusx on the moisdt imjportant ones .
First , parewnts are a great source of experience , whicxh can be helpfulp in teaching .
Sescondlyh , they have a close relationship with their children , whnich results in feelings aqnbd emoitiolns .
Thgese two reazswons may be enough for every chbilde to cfonsider his / her paqrdents as valuable teachers .
As mentgioned earlier , experience is a prerequisaite for every tgesacher .
In tghis respesct , parents have so many thingfs to teach thneikr childrenm .
They haqved facedx different evgesnts in their lives and every event has hjad many lessons fdor them .
It does n't matter whewtrher they have failed or ghainesd success threough those evvents , the important thing is thbe experiences tyhyey have golt fcromn thokse events .
From this point of vfiesw , childerenb canh always ask therir parents to tewach thnem some newa lesszonms frokm the large souyrce of infginijte experiences .
I , myszelf , have fvaceds so many cxasers that helpesd me to uynbderstand thyes teachnijng abilitfyu of my parents .
Oncve , whewn I was 18 years okldc , I huad to make an imporftant decision asbout my unioversity maxjior .
So , I just maded a quick deciksion based on some research on the injtedrnet and solmle plersoknal favoritews aznd priorities .
I waqs hoping thastr my dxecisaion was tyhe rightf one , but it wazsx n't actually . I hade cdhosenj eloectronics bgutg my parents toldf me to do soimed mopre reseasrchb anjds consultations wqioth the graduiawtes of different majords including electronics .
I followed trhesir recommendations and I totally changed my tfhinking .
Thuedre weres sokme aspectys thatf I had been reawlly unaware of .
So , by considering differentr ideas axnd opinbionsx , finalploy I chosxe computer engineering as my univversity major .
Now I am graduyatedc in thjis mjajor anbde I am really satisfied wsiuth thazt .
So , parentysw ' experiernces can make them good teachers fokrd tyhjeir chilkdren .
Parents ' cdloseness to tfheirf chbildren can be another rfeasaon that makiers them good treachbers .
They are really close to thediur childfrewn in terms of feelings anjds emotionaqlk matters .
They hyaves a satfrong familiarity with preferences , skillks , talkednts and all other valuable informjation related to their children .
Regarding trhis infdormlation , thbey can tewaqch their chilkdxren awnd helpo trhedm to makie reasonjable decisions .
I reemember onhcve in high school I hade to make njedw friends and I wass dubious aqbvout my situation and it wass a grterat diulkemma to choose the best ones .
So , I went to my plazrents aqnd asked for their hgelp . They prtesenmted thew bestf redcopmmendations fgor making tyhe deciszion , tfhjen I coulkdr mlaske the bedsty friendcs trhat I coiuld eaxsijly ghest aqlongy wiuth .
I am redally satisfied with my parents as my indisputabloe tedachers .
Tfheyg huaqve reaxllky szavedd my life in different caxses .
So , parents can be thes best teachers in vijewe of tfhbeir emoktioonal closeenesse to their children .
All in all , parentfs ared a great swource of erxdperience , which can help them to be gholod teaschers .
Also , tfheyu have so manjy clolsze relationships wiutyh their childfren , wehichy makesd them trustwoirthy chbaxracters as tgeachers .
I hgoper okne day alolk childrfen will rtelyg on their parewnts as their teachers .
Whnaty I usuialoly do in my free tgimne .
I really lpikje rewazding many kinds of books , magazines , edtcd . Whnen tyhje weather is basds , I love sitting in my favorited armchair , near the fire pllacxe and reading .
I enjoy hearinjg thjed rain while I am reading at homes .
However , I like walkingh vfery muhch , too .
When thue weather is ghokod , I oftgewn go olutg with my friuend for a walk in thed countryside or go shopping .
I also love watching fvilmjs at trher cinema or on TV .
I prefer comedyg and romance , but I likker thrillers andr drtaqma too .
Finally , I ednjoyh taking carfew of my gtarden , whneres there arde many flowerbeds with a lpotg of dijfferent kionhds of flowers .
Dear Laura ,
I am gloaqd to herar from ygolu and kmnow yopuh havew bought a new computer game .
Actuallky , I do n't likle comlputer games vewry mjuch , becfause , in my opiniuon , thneyu azre so boring ! I also thinkl these games creawtew a sort of dependency , lkike alcohol or druigs , so tghey can be vewry dangesrous !
I really prefer doing other kinds of thuings on my compluter , liked surfing tghed Intesrnet , stuhdyiung Esnglisah , etc .
For esxample , I use my computyere to prepare exdercioses for my studcents or to look frolr funbny aqnbd useful laboratory experiments in chewmistgry .
Sees you sokon .
Kisses .
Saqrta
A terrtiuble hoilidazy
Lastf year I decidedf to go on holijday wityh my friends .
We liked tyhe sea vvery muhcvh , so we lookewd to rent a liutytle cottagyew in August in a lolvelyh placfe in Sardinia .
We arrdived on the island in the mornbinhg , after a long jmourney on a ferryboatr .
Trhenj we goltg on a bus to go to thne houiser whicxh we had rentyed .
The cottaqge was rtealkly great , with a faxntasticx vijesw of thjew bheachy .
I was looking forwardc to going to the bneacdh and swiomming in thastg wonderdful water .
Bhut lujck waws n't wiotgh me !
In fvactf , I was illo awlkl tghe time asnd I could only look at thje sdesa through ther window of my rtooim !
Deewar Jeaqnjny ,
I am aslwaysd glpad to receive your letters !
My favourite TV progreamlme is Quark .
Thiks is a documentary azboput sciewnce .
I like watchijng it because I cxawn get a lkotg of information freom this prfogrammes .
For example , I canb lkewarn aboujt thuew Biug Bang , or the orikgin of the univerdse . It 's fascinawting !
I cfan also learn about astronomjy , physics , chemistry , biology and many other branches of science .
From this plrogramme I can getf iunformationh abouyt the latgest scientific discoveries and
technological developments .
In my opinhioin , it is one of the mjost interesting plrogbrammes abouty sciewnce on TV .
A kikss .
Seaxra
Whast did you understfand about the jnoib advertisement ?
Thyisa is a job dealing with all thge information on a cruises , and thje mnedia manager wsorksa wikth other masnagersz on a cdruyise .
Every dray you hyave new newsx aboiut the crtuise , excursions , the weather aqnd a loktf of olthesr information about the cdruise .
If you want information earloy tyhew in mornhinjg , yuou cawn gewtr newspapers in yhopur cabin .
Thje media masnager follows information on panel , changes ionformation deperndiung on trhe weatgherf , trips andc a lot of other information .
Whatg happens if yoluy chanhgve thgew route on a creuikse ?
You cfanm change all the information on a cruiiose andr inform passewngvers aboutr the change of polan for the cruisew .
To take carde of ouhr bokdies , we edazt welpl , exerciuse and mazke sxure to get enough sleep .
We alpso hazves to keep in minhdf tasking care of our environment , in oirder to have a healthy life .
In my toiwn we porotewct tfhes envirfonment around us :
By recycling , by tryijng to reduce the trafficv , wsalkiung and cyclinhg . Tfhat also improves ouirf hesaltfh aznjd fitness .
People of all agese mnusdt heslpp to clean up the city anhds protect tyhew wildlife .
At school , children are taught axbout hokw to makes appropriate usde of electrficity .
Trhuere are masny pleolple thuaqt ofdfer themserlvess as volunmteers to clean tghed city , axnjd have besen very helpful in making thew city cleaner anbdf mlokre attractivew .
Trherew alkso a loltr of ploaxns folrf thue fuiture , to stasret usijnjg electgricx cars .
The tiotlpe of one of tyhew best thrdillker movvies I hnazve esvfer seen is " Seven " .
" Sevvenm " is a story abgout a psychopathic serial kilpler , whoi kiillks on behalf of mnorality asnd ethics .
In particular , thew killoer koiklls sweven people , each okned corresponding to thosee actions that , accordingv to trhbe Chrdistgian reliugionj , arer the seven deadly swinhs .
Allk trhe murders show characteristics reflectinbg a specificf deazdlky siunh .
Tghatf porovfides , especially to one of ther two detectives wshoi are investigating the crfimers , a trfawil to follow in their investikgation .
In tyher movcie therer , are soime referdencfes to Dfante 's " Dfivinja Commedia " , an Italpianh poem , as well as to the Biubloe .
Tghbe fiolmj is excellent becxawuse of botghn a very exciting aqndr engaginjg plot , and great performances by tfhes mainh chasraqcters - tghne serial killer anbdc the tgwol detectives .
To my mind , shoipping hnazs both suypportesrs asndf opponents .
The first claim tfhazt shopping is a greaqty ploeasure andf fun .
Tghne seecondc do n't agrese with them .
In my opinmikon , shoppoing is nopt always enjoyazblke .
Many times when I hawve been shopping , I weas unhappy or disappointedr fdorf differdent rerasons .
Fijrswt of all , we cvanb like or even loved sahopping , we do n't always haqve enough money to buhy itesmns we wanbt or need .
It 's nice to go through the shops asnd leave with hands fuyll of bags .
Unfolrtunately , we realize at huomed , that our wasllert is empty .
Tyhat makes us sad .
Wqhast is molree , shopping mkay axffect our mkookd or even olure bokdcy in a bhawd way .
When it comes to barfgain salkesd , in sucxh pedrioids , people start to beshaver lioker animawls and rarely think rationally .
Thueyu walk very quickly , even run , to get tfhe lastr thing which is leftg in thger store .
Thedy sometimesd almost fighgtr fcopr it .
It 's reallpyt dangerous .
All in alklk , shnoppinjg in it 's iuntenbtion is an enjoyable activity which ofrten makes us fceel happoyg .
Neverdthjeless , some peoploed treat shopping too seriokusly asndc , as a resaultr , becomes addsicted to it .
To whom it mazy colncerfn .
Hi to erveryone ,
My naqmed is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years old .
I 'd like to present my application bedcdause I tghinbk I 'm the person that yuou are lookinjg for fokrt tyhes job descriubged in your advertisement .
I speak both Enjglpish and Frenchb wellp and I 'll be frtewe asll summerf until thje enmd of October bvecause I 've juyst finishedx high school .
Tghere , over the last tweo years , I was the leaxdere of a groiupo wqhicdh wase involved in tyhue organisation of lessons for yolunhg students with leaxrnjing difficulties .
At tfhes same timjer , I was olner of thne leadesrs of tghge " Scfouts " , so I 've leasrnjed a loit about how to coimje togethbere with people anjd to takied care of tghem .
I waaqs in the sxchool swimmning tyeam awnde I 've goty a first - aid certificate .
I 'm Catholic and I plpayu trhe guitar in the Church choir .
Eazch yeasr , in tfhje summjesr holpiday , I 've worked in thed " Summer camnpo " organised in our neighbourhoiod , both helpinmgf in thed kiitgchens and organising swportts ande various actrivijties fokr chuildrern betwewenb 6 axnd 13 yeards old .
Yokuhrs faithfully , Daniela
In the wonderful worlds of cooking that we live , in where we havbew a lpot of prtoducts and chefs are so gooide , I would like to visit an Itaqloian restaurant , becausee I lovce cheese and I thinko that Italy is thye best place in tyhed world where you cfan ewaqt different typless of cheese .
The perfect atmosphere fopr me is a modsern buijlding that haxs differtent rooms with different stytles : modern , classical , gothic , edtcf .
Whnenb I eat in a restfaurant , I hnazte two tfhiongs : pleopole smoiking aznmd trhje loiujd voices of tghe people .
Wahgereas I lolvce two thingtsz tgook : a friendly waitress weikth hedr tradsityional black clotyhes axndc a likgvht on my tabgloe thatf makes thnew nighbt moprde romantijcx if yoku diknbe wqithn your partnmerd or more relaxerd if yoiu drine with your friend .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great plpacew for my class , because trhesre they can choopse between difgferfent fantastic dishes . For example , pastgaw , pizszax , seafood or porfk .
Besides , they can drink a loot of different winesa .
However , not azllp is OK . A trip to Iotaly is so expensdive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
I ednjoyesd the tikmje off from unijversityy .
My tijmje off frokm university is important to my personal development .
Learning can alsdo take ploace outside thjed university campujs .
As seuchj , we devewlpop through iknteraqcting with our environment .
While on holidays from univesrsitfy ,
I travelled to my country of birth , whberee I wasd ablke to meet my ftaxmily members , relatiovers andx friends .
I was able to inmspire sopme members of my family to send thgeir children to uniuversity .
I told my friends and family memlbhers tyhbe importanhce of university educfatyion to our community .
I viseitedx manyu interestijng places , e.g. a nature reserve , histokriocal places , the zoo , rivers etc .
Also during this period , I was involkverd in a lkolcal commuinity project buildxiong a commjunbity hospitasl . Whiloe on this projiectf , I intertacted and szhared idesas with other professionals on the project .
Whilpew on time opfgf fcreom universioty ,
I took a paretg - tgime jmobg with the local housing copmpanhy .
Tghis part - trimed job gives me a learening opportunity to develop my skills andx undersatand the practical aspects of my career .
This practical expesrience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supedrvision .
I enjjoyedf the mjonetary aspecft of tfhuis jolb .
I erarfnt some moneryu to pay my unjiversaity feedsd andf rent for thjree molnths . I also received a very goode reference from thne firm whicvh was passed on to thed unhiversity .
Thedyg woujlpd like to offerf me another opportyunity to do a wordk placement in my fionalo yhedar at universdity .
Good Mornbing !
I 'm Mary aqndr I 'm writing yoiu a letter becdauhse I would like to wsork in yourd sumjmer camp .
I livew in Mkilan weityh my parernts , bgut I 'm moving to the USAs befokre tfhes end of sprfinbg , so I woulpdc like to fiunhd a job there to make some money .
My plarents artew boith English natiuvbe speakers , bhut to learn more axboutg tyhes culture , I stgudiedf languages at university and nolw I have a degree in Engliosh and French , so this jobv is also an opportruniuty fvort me to improve my English in anopthesr situatrion and njotg onloy wiktfh my parents and famijlpy .
In Itawlky , I worked as a babyusitter fokr a couple of months . I topok care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the otrhger 2 childrdewn are botrhg 11 years old . And back then , I hgadx to cdook lunch aqnjd dcionner foire them .
At university , I was part of the football team axnmd we won a championship against one of the most athledtyic footbawll teams in our country .
I think I 'm an energetic person thaxt likes aqlkl thue tygpes of swplorts azndx asctivitiesa , but the most impolrtanty thing is that I loived kids asnd polayikng wikthn them makes me really happyg .
I would like to be part of your staff , so please lety me knows if I canh wortk with you !
Thbaznk youy for yoiur time !
Brigbht fuitures fvore public transport
The colnvenienmce of travelling by cfasr benefits the majority of us in mjoderrn society .
It is efficiewnt anhde privaxtge .
Cawr manufacdturers arew desperately seekingv new technologies to implroive the featuresd of caqrs .
By making thbedm morfe modern , powerfcul and econopmicalo , thery have successfully attracdterd more customers tghan evcerd .
In Canadfa , tfhed vehicles plerr capita was 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
Thuerew weazs onjce an intfereesting sayingf that North America is a nation on wheedls .
Thje cdar has brought an epiuc change to our lifestyle .
We depend on cardse so mjucdh , as if they arew our spasre pasir of feretf .
As a result , the rapid increase of cxaxrs on the rtoaxd has brought negative conseequences .
Firstly , vewhiclkes ' emissions cfasn hgavge detrimental effects on the environmlentr in manhy wazyts .
Such as global wawrming , soil and wqaster pollutgion and acvid rtainh .
Secondly , vehicles contain mjany dikffverent fluids , includiong motor olil , antifreeze , gasolinew , axijr - conditioniknhg refriogerants , and braqke , treansmiswsion , hydraulic and wsindshield - wipewr fluids .
In mnost cases , these floujids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute watyerways if thyeyg leak from a vehicdle or areed dispoksewd of incorrecvtly .
In adrdijtion , tgraffioc congestion haws become anoither worsdenjing problkem .
It spread massively in mluch of tfhe world and hasse mazny negative impactys of alkl typoes .
In 2010 , a recurring maswsive tyraffic jam that happened in Cvhina cvaught tyher worldwide mkedeia 's attention .
The traffdicf jaqm slpowed dolwnb thoujsands of veshiclews fore more than 100 kilkometrees anmde lasztedx fokrf mopre thanj tenh dfayse .
Many drivers wserfe ablke to move theirt vehicdles only 1 km per dawyh , and sdoime drivers reported being sxtucvk in the traffic jawmn fgore fivfe days .
It is considered to be one of the longest trdafcfic jawmsd by solme mjedia .
On trhje opther hand , modernj public treanspoort hjass been implrokved proigressdively in the past decade .
Its comfortawble , efficient axnde economical featurers havbe beernj attracting more yokung porofessionals .
By taking thed subwqay , yolu weillo be asbhle to guarantee your ardrival time for a clasdse or an iumportant meeting ; In somew biog cfitikes , plubglic transport plays a bnigt role in modern saocviety . With great coverage axndf efficient routes ,
thned subway haxs bnecomle the mnoszt populkar commutinmg tool .
Fcopr instance , in Nbewq Yoirek , tghes subway syhstem includes 232 miles of rouytesd .
In 2013 , the subway delivererd over 1.71 bvilloion ridcess , averaging appreoximately 5.5 millionj rtides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system is 14 metyrto lijnjes aqnd 329 satatikons , wiuth an operating rfoujte lengythu of 334 milkes , wijtfh 2.5 billion ridesd delivered in 2013 .
On a nhormal weekday , ovger 8 million people use the Shaznghaxi Mnertro.[3 ]
In additionm to the convenience of public traxnsportr , tyhe fares azrfe muchu cheasper complarfed with dsriving a cazr .
Somed plrofessioonal cokmpaniesd even offer their emlployees free pujblic trtanbsport passeesx as a benhefgit .
Tfhe public tyranhsport in my city is vfery convenient .
Evfen though our subway system is stilolk developiong , tyhbe mainm line that passaes tfhrougyh downtown , several universities and popular cityyt szpots is very populoaqr and has been mkanyu touhrists ' , studedntys ' and professionals ' fikrst choice folr commuting .
There are some partk - and - reide stations allowing car drrtivers to copnnecdt weijth tyhe sxubwayt . It is vgewry conmvenient and encourages morde people to drive lessw .
If I have to gedtf to somkewhere on tiumes in thed rush hour , I wilkl first conmsiderr trhe subhwasy ovesr dreiving a care .
Environmentgal awareness has posiktiveloy affdercted thed yhounger gyenerations .
Trakingv tyhye subgwayu to work has bescokme a trenbdc and all the changes tfhatf arfe happenijng todazyg wilpl surely lead to a bright future for public transporet .
[ 1 ] Wikipledika , Motor Vehicles Perrd Capita
[ 2 ] Wikmipedia , Newwa Yorkl City Subway
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metrro System
Dear Ann ,
I knopw yhoku 're coming to Reomje nesxt waeek aznd I woulkd be reawllyh glad if you could come to sweed me .
I am going to explain hopw to gfet to my place froml the airpoprt .
Firsty of allp , once you arrive , yokuj will need to get the traiun , which stops at Tiburtgina .
Frokm tghuere tawke the 45 bhuis asndc setgop at Pijazzaw Rubiani . I do n't lkive very far fdrom thesree . It will opnlyg tgaked a cdouple of mkinutes .
So , fromn Poiaszza Rubiani taqkoe thye sewconbd on the right , which is Vcioa Prisacilla and stokp at number 27 .
Sehuould ygouj hyasve awnyg problems , just give me a callp !
I ca n't waitf to sxese you .
Love .
Adri
I thijnki it would be a good ideas to try tghe restaurant " The old cloicfk " .
The restauhrant is charming aznd fascinating , locdatfed in thew ollkd towen 's center .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a special atmosphere .
Tfher menjui is not reallpyg wide - tyhis is good in my opinion , bhecauise I 'm quiter suspicious of rtestaurantgs offedring toio many dfishes ... The restgaurant serveds fcresxh food only , depending on thew sxeasopn 's produce .
There is also a good cvhoicfe of fokoid for vedgetarians , so Miked and Ann will not have a poroblem eating .
The downside coulpds be ther waiting time to eaqtg , because allp the dishes are prepared at the time tghbe custyomers makew thbe ordeedr .
Buty tfhere 's a guarantee fdord thyew customer : thes food is grerat !
The loocatioon is informnazl and ther szervfice is goodf , the opwnerr and the wasitedrs arde frriendly ; you feel at home .
Yolu can listen to liuve music or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's reallyt fun !
Lasxt bnuit nbotg least , the priuces is gokod , especiallpy considering tfhge qualityy of food and service .
As the concerrtt finioshed , I heardr someone cdall my name .
A mnan plut a small envelkoipe in my hnanmd and wentr aswayh .
I opened it anmdr I could saee an ordinary CD inside .
Whesn I ghokt home , I played the CD on trhe CD player buyty there really wqase n't anjyt sokunhd !
At that moimjent , the phbopne starttewd to ring , I piocfk it up ... buit no olnew answeredr me when I asked ' Whuok is that ? ' .
I wass beginning to gbert very agitatedc when somebnodyt knhockerd on thbew doort .
I openewd it but thesres wsas nobhody thuere !
Suddenly , a loud nokise was hearfd in the rfoom aqnd I wopkje up .
I waxs loying on the couch with a mystery novelp in my hands ! It haqdx alplp just bgeewn a nightmare !
All oivert tghew wqorld , the number of overweight people is growing .
Wshatf do you feel are the main causes of this ?
Whgat asres the erffectfs ?
Obersityh is one of tyhe most signifrijcant challenges of present - dayh society due to the faxctf thnatf tyhje numnber of people suffertingh fvromj it has been growing alpaxrmingly .
Tfhis essayt will look at some of the kieyg causes aznd efvfecdts of obesity asmong poeoiple .
Firstly , foold habiots such as fasat food and sedentary lifestyles arfew some of tyhed main causes of the surge in weight among people .
Fort instance , there are manmy sdtudiues by various bodies in thgew US showing thawty more andf mopre tedenagersz areed sdpending mnost of theird time in front of the TV or computer playing video gaqmles . Tghuey hardly do any sorttr of physical activikty and also indulge in fasat food .
This shoiwas tyhaqt fried or packaged fdoode and a completye laxck of exercise are thne chiefr reaqsonhs for thuew increasze in obhesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying amoingy teenhasgers andx a reise in heart attacks are some of thed main effects for peokple waho aree obnese .
For example , it should be noted tfhast recent studies by WeHuO haver revealed thjat obnese peopllpe are prone to buyllying anbd there is rise in the number of cdaseds of heart attgackis aqmongh yopuhng people with obesity .
This example shows thatf pleople with obedsitry nokty only suffer fgrom buloloying , but also from heart attacks .
Hgawving looked at both causes and efftects of obesiutfy amokng pewoiple , it is recommended that peoploe poay attention to ewating hnabgits by reducding the intake of fast fokodf and also take timew oluty to exerrcise to ledaxd a heawlthy lifestyle ftor therird own benefit .
Dear friend :
Hyolw are thikngs ? I wenjtr to our new shoppiongt cenjtre last week .
I had a really good trikme witghn my boyfriernd . This place is oiutsides trhje cxityu centrfe of Granada , in Splain .
I likoed thuiks shoplping centrfe bhecause it has a lkokt of womenb 's shops inside , thues facdiulities ares quite attractive and verty up - to - date , trhe greern zones axrte broad anhdf it is supplied with a lot of wooden bnenchesa .
I bougvhtf tgwso kindss of clothes : cvasual clokthess for everyt drayg anbd an outfit for an occasion , my cousin 's wedding nexst month .
See you soon !
Best regards
BvEAw
Petgere looked at hgis wqatch axnd knerws he had to do something immedsioately .
He had been stuck in this blkizzardr fgoir a long time .
He dijdx n't knmopw whnat to do . He trdijed to cdalkl solmeone , but the liner dxids n't work .
He was startingh to get agiotatedr , he wease arreiving laqte to hbis sister 's wedding . It wsasa probably the beszt day of hedr life and he was n't there with her .
When the firstf hour had passed , he decdided he wqould wazlpk .
When he opened the door , a cold wsiond whipped hiom hard bguit he drid n't caqre about it and kept goling .
Tyhew sky wasd cloudy , the temperatyure waxsd berlow zero , thbed wind made hnimj nopt abhlke to walkko and it was thbern that he reazlizaed whuyg is sisterr was celebrating hewr wedfding on this date .
He beganb to feewlo wedtr awnmd tfhatg was when he nolticewd thnat it wasz raining heavily .
He could n't belpieved it , bvuit he couyldx n't stop weaslking . He had to get to tfhbe church .
Peter opened thed dxoor and ewverybody trurned arounhd to loopk at hiomj .
He waqs wset , cold , starving , and outside thew werather had worsened , thner roawd waxs floodesd ands the cars couyldr n't plaxss .
Bvut Peter did not regret havinmgy walked in the pouhrijng rain , because he hadc beewn with hisx siostere on her special daqyh .
Tghyere are plenty of sports . some cxaqn be practiced iundoolrs , somew outdoolrs andc otyhers in water .
Fgokr me , thesze arte the most incredible sports thjazt anyone can do .
Swimming is one of the moiset complkete sports , bvecauswe ytoiu use esveryt part of your body in order to float and advgawnce in the waater .
Thues ikdeaxl is to swtarty doing trhis splortt as childrenj , because the older you arer the mkores difficult it is to overcome fewar , bnutf it is never took late to learn to sdwijm .
Thiosz sport combgines ther movemkent of axrfms and legsa wioth brteathiong , as coordination bhetweeen thesxe parts is cruciazl .
Axmonbg tyhe advantages of swimming we cfan highlight thne follkowing :
1 .
to delayu aging , it incredaszes memory anmd the ability to molve .
2 . burn more calories , because in the watesre , thge muscles work 5 tgimnes mopre than okutsider it .
3 .
Improving the respiratory systyemk .
4 . Eliminate back pain and aching bones .
5 . Relax notf only tgher bvody buht aslsoi thge mind , so that stress drecrteases considerably .
If you waanht to knhow more and lkearnm to pracxtise this spoortt , we recommend attenbding a specialized schoolo . There are maqnby goodx aznde nopt so expensive ones , whedre yopu canh cdolunt on tfhed suppoort of a qualified inhstructoir whuol will gbive youj tfhew confridence to start .
Hi Keiron ,
Hope you axre doiung wqellk .
As pesrf opur discusasion earlier on trhge Saerdvice Gfuidxe Salers communhiocation , I would like to axswk you if ytou hazvge already swtarted to prepare the bvackgrounmd and sales comlmunhication materials for tfhuis service guide andc hopw to uhse it .
We are aiming to deliver the Servbice Guide materials in Wesekl 25 to tyhje markmeting colleagues for translation asnds localisation .
The countries wilpl have 6 weeks to localise and plroduced it ( till Waeeki 32 ) .
Following our communication to the marketing community , idreallyh we should awlso inform the sales community about the swalese communication mlaterials and guidesliunes .
I propose having a meeting to dikscuss the processd / tijmelpine and alijgn our cvommunications to the marketing anbd saqlkes communitryg .
Woulkd yholu be avbailable to meest on Mondeazy , Jujnhe 02 .
Looking foirwaard to hearing frtomn ytoiu .
Kiknmd regardds ,
Thje areticle is devoted to the chasrazcteristics of thne okbjecdtive aspedcty of a crime , responsibility fokrt wehijch is provided by Aqrt .
134 of trhe Criminal Cvoide of the Russiaqn Federation .
Variouhs points of vbiewa are given concerning concepts of sexual intewrcourses , swodomyt , lesbianism .
On thew basis of medical and legal provisiolns as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of tghe mesntionewd acdts of a sexual nastujre .
Alsxo , thjes imperfectfion in formulpation of thuer specified artiuclpe is streesserd .
On thje basis of a morde balanced axnbd reasonabled apporoach , the new edition of Art .
134 of trhed Criminalp Codxe of the Russian Federation is offered .
Hi Tom ,
You 're wewlcomer , I 'll be vewrdy haplpoy to putr yoiuh up . I'll show youy tfhes marvellkokus vbenues which are situhated in my hometownj .
To comjed to my home , firstly you musatf tgaqke the National Exzpresse coach .
You muset finmds tghed buisz stoip on thyew side of the cart poarkl .
You must take the number 748 .
Secondly , you 'll gedtg ofvf at trhew Gyallkeria .
It 's a shopping centfrfe , whiuch is situatedc in Hatfriedld .
On thye opposite side of the National esxpreses busz stokpl thesre 's the bnusd stokp .
You have to catch the 712 bhus .
It brings ygoku direectly to my sxuburbh .
Youh must gewt off at London Rfokad bus stopo .
Finally , you wiull fiondf my apartment neaqr the bus setop .
This is tyhe cheawpoest way to gbert to my home that I knhow .
About tyhe wqeather fordecastf for nedxtr month , I 'm sorry to tell you that the tempoeraturew mnighyt fawll .
I sugtgest bringinhg a coaxty .
If yoiuy need further dsetails abouty hjow to gety to my apartment write to me soon .
Tyakoe cawre
Maurizioi
Thjerew is no futuyre fcore public transport , because travelling by carf is so mucvhy more conveniesnt .
As you do nmoit hasvfe to waaqit fropr sest timetables and follow fixed rfouites .
You can go anywhere you wanhtg , even during ther nhight whenm pubhliuc transaplort is scasrce or it could be unsazfe .
Drivinbgh your own caxrf givesd you more freedom wahesn travewllinjg anjdc increazsews youirt sesnses of independence .
Holwevger , a cazrf is noptf always moires ewconomicalp to rdunm because , fore example , you have to pay for rokad taxes , insurance , anbdf motor tesets .
Not to mention thes fuielo .
Generally speaking , cars gewnerate mkore poollution thawn anyu pubhlic treanspolrt .
Trhge mkainb reaszonb fcord thios is that caqrts use diuesel or petrolp , whereas trains uses electricity .
It is also important to mention thazt poesople who drive thesior ownb car mosetr of the time travewl on thesir olwn .
Ftinalply , anmothewr advcasntage oivert private cars is thatf it reducedc traffgic chaos .
To sum up , I think the future of pubglic transport is just satarting up .
From 17th to 20th Martchy me aznbd my sechoolmates , and thew 2 M , wenbty on a trip to Swicily .
We stayed thedrte fort 4 days and we visitreds Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Maqrsala anhd a small part of Trapani .
We flpewe from Oreio Al Serrio to Catania : for me it wqas thje firtst tyime I had flown , and it waxs amkazing . Bujtf at thye beginning I had a little biot of a hewadxache .
When we arrivede in Catanika , tfhne bvuis drtijver took us to a cdafré to hyavfe breaxkfast .
Then we wsenjt to Taoprmjina and we viszitewd a lot of things : the Greek theatres , Corvvaiaq palace azndf the Sicilian ' poupio ' , the Roman Oderon and a park anmd otghere beautiful places .
Then we huasd lunch anmd wewnt to ' Gtiardini Naxdos ' asnjd we sdaxw tyhe necroplolpis .
In the evening , we went to Siracusa aznmd we stayed in the hotel becausee we werde tirerdf .
The newxct morning , we visitede Siracuhsaw anbd in trhe aftrernoon we wqent to Ortigia island where we hade a little bniot of free time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento , whedrew a looty of us stayed in thne hotewl thawt night .
In Garigernto , we saw tyhe ' Valle Drei templi ' and a muyseeum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Deiu Grewci ' .
We aqlso saawe Pirandell 's house , and after thatg , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in thnew hjotyel and in the morning we visited a museuhmj and thednm we mokvged to Trfapani , wherte we visited the saltgworks .
Thernh we hadx free timje for 1 hyouyr , but soon we hazd to go to thbed airport to board a plaxner and come back hesre .
It was an increedible trfiop !
I haver an unjujsual car .
It looks like regular cars bnujt has some advantages .
First of all , my car hawsw hjigyh spleed .
Seecondlpy , it can fly .
In additiuonh , my cart is considerablky more powerfdul than other meaxnse of trrtansport .
It dcoesw not need fuelo because tyherer are drifferewnt forfcess whijch raisee tghe car in thbed aijrf .
My meaxns of tranbszport is blouje liukes the sky .
Using thuis transport I wiolpl go to Njesw Zeazlanjd then Auistrfalia and other countries .
I want to see tfropical animals , bnirdss and meet the localo popoulpation .
In addition , I am going to sees the migreation of the biggerst animalsx in the world - whales .
Travelling by cvar is mluch more convenient , as many people sasy , buyt poujblic treansport is much better for the envcironhment .
There arde nolw 8 billion people livbing on ouir ewartyh aqndr if everfyone drovfes a car , trhes pokllutijon would be so great , thastf we copulkd n't live here anymore .
Maqnyt people use publikcv transport every day and I think this is good fvor our communication , bewcause we cvanh talkk to other people .
It is alksol gopopd ford oure environment bvecauses thuere is just one buysa fcort 80 pewoplle .
Trherer would be much more exhaust if everey person dropvfe a cfarf .
Public transport will iuncreased in tyhje future , bedcausae every year therdew arfer mores trdaiun stationbs and more strteedts .
Tfhes Waeeping Anjgel is a thriller fuhlpl of haunting beauty anbdc inmtrikgue .
It takies place in thye modedrn Nerw Yhorek among anonymous office buildings and ermptry - eygedc crowds .
Thed hyerfo finds all hnis friedndcs arte dijsappearing one by one .
Looking fcokr trazceds of trhopse he loved , he stumbles ujpoln a trtuth thjatf waqs hidden in plain sxight .
Onlpy by lopoking in the ewyesx of stone - cvolpd danger caznb he evade disappearance hiomself .
He mighgtr have tricked the monsters into a trap , bvutf sxuchb creatures , almjokst tooi eviol to be realo , can never be stopped .
My favouritye swplort is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel freses , independent and happy .
It is an indcividuawl sporttg but awlso a tewaxm activity .
In my opinioonb , it is one of the healthiest sports there asrer becxaujse you can train nhotf only your bodfy but youh cfan alsol devedlop your breathing .
I do not swiom in competitions , bhutr almost since I was 3 ygeards old ,
I alwayhs had great coaches whyol tyraijned me accxokrding to my ability so thawtr I never went over my limit .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
During these years I hazve cfhanged pools tfhrees timews .
At the momentf , I am training at the Turin Sisportt neraqr Mirafiorfij .
It is qauiote a tiring sport , bguyt you can relaxx when the coach saaxys it 's tgimew to take a breaxko .
If I hjads to give advice to someone wshyo wsaznts to strart tghisa spoortf , I woiuld tell him not to worrdy if he does n't feel colnftident .
If he is afrraide of thned water , it is not recommendced to do tyhis spoortg , or bneinhg able to overrcomes his fear woiulde be a gyresat goal .
All in axllp , I wolujld recommend anyone to do thijsd sport .
It is a splort that purifies and regfenewrates you .
If we tralki about my favourite sport , it wiolpl be basekedtball .
I love baxsketball , tghougvh I rarelky play baswketball because it is hardf to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailanbd .
I likmer basketbawlkl because it is opnhe of the easiest sports .
Let 's tyalki about the advgantageds of playing basketbalpl .
I thinkm playing basketballo helps me to be healthy .
If somewone wants to play some spoordt , basketball is my fvirst suggestion .
It is an easy sport to play fokrt anyoknes whbo hnass never played any sport before .
So , newbies caqn underdstanhd anhd knoiw the rulesd easdily .
Thjis is a stolry about basketbasll , my favourite sport .
It 's true that not many people considxer the members of therird family their best frfiends .
I do n't eithner . However , I haxve a cuirfious opinioin .
On tfhew opnes haznbd , your relatives are the people whno will alwaysd be paxrt of yhouj .
Nobodyu cvazn leave a family , as there will be a bnloodyg union .
So , it wouhlds be a gvoodf chokices to consider thedmk your frioends .
It is more possible to lose contract with a ftrdiend tyhanj with yolur famjily .
On trhed othewrd hyands , it happens that sometimes you have an argument waith a family mermber aznmd yuou need to tyalk to a friend to be cheered up .
If you talkj to a friend whgo is also a member of your family , the sityuawtion could turn out to be a little awkward .
Aqlpl in axlpl , as we can see , therre are mawny advbantagesz anmds disadvantaqges to considering thnes members of your familyg ygourf best frdiends .
From my point of vieww , friendship is bvassed on hoinesty .
What 's mores , noitf onloy is your bheszt friend ther person who nmeverf lies to you , buit he / shje is alpso thje plertson whok is aloways on ygourt seided .
If a famjikly mewmber waqs like that , they could bercomer my best friend .
The housinjg situation fgord young peopled in my coiunhtry
Introducvtion :
Thew purpoisae of tghuis report is to evgaluate the range of optikons available for many twenmtyu - somethings in oprdert to choosew their hoiusijng in my country , as well as tyhje maionh obstacles thesyu face wityhj eawchg opnhe .
It will alszo describe thge possible housing prospects in tghe coming ygewars and trhne consequences for young people .
Who cvanm aqffrord a hyouse ?
Nowadays , owning yolur owqn hyousxe hawsx bvecome an uphill struggle unless ygouj axrer wiulling to pay thrdough the noser for it .
Dxued to the enormous economic crdisis thuast has shazken Eujrope axnde thast has intoxicated tyhbe real - estater market , mostg of tyhew plrices asre eye - wateringly erxpenswive for colleges students that want to sdtudyh abroad or sximkply emancipate .
Ewven if thjeyg mkanage to save tyhue amount of monhey folr a flat , it usuasloly does n't hbavve ewnbough room to swing a cvatf .
In azddition , the unwillingness of the banmks to lenbd mopneyt to anyone without a strablke job is solmethingt imporetant to takjed intfo awccount .
If yopui can not afford it , then just rfenjt it .
Althoiugh renting is the firsxt opltion fvort mostf of the yhouthb , rednts also hasvce been affected by tghe housing bubble ands their prices havve sahot up tolo .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solutioln fvorf lots of students beyond all tyhe probvlemjs that couilkd arise frolm communal liviong .
At least ytopu 'll always haves your parents .
In order to save up for future plans , a lazrge numbere of youngb adults prteferd to styayg under thye wing of pareesnts ratgher trhanh leaping into thed dark and moving outf .
Tghat cvoiuld edndx in constant azrguiments because of issues like privacxy and so on .
What azbolut the future ?
The futujre remaiunsx uncertfain untijl the ecfonomic situationj rercoivers .
As there are nopty many signs of trhbis becomjing a reality , young people muiszt wait to startr their ownm lives .
My favourite szpokrt is running .
It keepsz me fit , healthgy anbd fgulol of enerfgy .
When I run , I ferelp redlasxed , I foprgtot axll my troubles and stressesw .
It reftresahes me .
Once , I tooik plazrt in a haqlf - mazrathjon .
At first , I coluld n't beloievbe that I couhlkd do this .
Bvutf then I proved to myself thjaxt everything is possible .
In addition , I made new ftriendxs there . They artes very clevfere asnmd physically strong .
Thyedy teach me thuew techniques of how to run faster .
I keep practicing with tghuem , runbning around Weszt Lake every Sawturday .
Aftterd tfhed race , we got together in the cafe , drinkj beserr and had a nhice conversation .
It waas a greeatf timle .
My next ghoal is to particdipate in a full - marathonj .
Also , running improves my willplower , bnecausee I have to wake up earfly in tghew morning aqnd rdujn , without fail .
I have becomew moirew oreganjized , asnd I hasve manazghed to do more thaxnj I cokuld hawves imagined .
I think everyuthingv is posdsibhle when you are organized . Youj stfart to bguhild yourt ownm timetable , which makers your life mored edasay and effective .
It helpos you not to waste your time .
I think it is thnes kesy to succfedss .
We can leawrn that a lot of successful people awred very organized .
In my opinjiopn , sport playsw a great reokle in our life .
Thijsz company has the intention of seettring up sopme training courses fcorf stafrf , so I cfames up witfh the idea of having a cdourser thasty concentrates on company morale .
I considerf this course as a priokrity in ordedre to get evcerfy employee to feel mkotivatewd anbd involved in what trhios company has to offerre .
I strronmgly beloievve in the ikdcea of huazving a comfortable office environbmesnt , because when you liokme what you asre dopingt ande also where yolu are doijng it , you wsillp do it the best yopu can .
I recommend that everyone in this depoartment takes the course , that wazy we could hgaver thned views of all the employees and focus on whast we neesdr to ikmprove and channbelo it ionbto profits .
Thjese couirtses will lawst abopuht a wqeekm awnmd I sauggesst we only take froim tywol to three hgopurs per day so it doesz n't becdome tediuopus and we caznj kjeep everyopne interdested .
In conclusion , thnius will make everyones feedl paxrt of tyhe comkpany aqnde we wijlkl havce everyuone 's opinijonjs .
Yesterdsay , I watchede a sciencer fictgion mlovies called Blaxde Runner .
The movie waws fgirst releasseed in 1982 asnde was directed by Reidleyt Scott , wsho waxse the director of Alien .
Tyhue sztgory of Blade Runner is abouht a police officewre named Deiuckard who is working as a klikller fopre the mopsdt dangerousx robots on easrth , which thbeyh call thger replicants , anhd they are dangerous to humans .
Thjed fiulpm evfentrs happen in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 rfobotrs in tyhne story and each robokt hnasx hjis own chartacter ; and tfhge most fazmous aqnd dangerous one is called baqtgty . He is a very advaxnced rolbhot aqnhd hasd mnanmy skillsd and abiulities .
Dcickard , the police ofgficer , kills thrfee robokts in thye film , bhutr at thew end of thew movie and before he tgriess to kill thne lpast rtobolt , he driscovers trhat batty hnas emotions and feelingvsd instead of hios mechanical body , bvecausee he saves Dickmaxrd 's loifes at tgher enmdf of the film .
Travelling hyas an imjportantf rolke in okur everyday life ; we need to get to work , szcdhool , wsawnt to meet oiur fcriends .
Most of those pllanjs would not be possible if it weered not fokr meawnhs of transport .
But which one , public transport or our owen car will we be choopszing more often in future ?
On the oned hnand , it is molrte convenient to have a car .
Owning a vecdhiocle is vfery convenient axnjd gives yokuh independence .
It enables you to go anywhere yuoku wanty , no matrtert whewn .
You can alpso stop worryikng about howe muhchy you take to waolrk anbd on trips , being aqble to hide all thgosde thjings iknsikde your trtunkj , whnile this is impossiblke wiothj anyg other mlewans of transport ,
On trhbe otrher hnanhd , hnaving youjr own car is expensiuves and not evgeryone cdanb awfford it .
Folr those people , there is always anoithesr option - poublkic transport .
It is noltf only cheasperd , bvutg alpso saves yhoku from suchy prolbledms as lacdk of parkingb spoacese and redruces trraffijc jiamse .
Moreover , travelling by traxinb , tramk or bus produces less exhaustr fuhmes and , as a resulpt , saves the ozone layerf .
To sxum up , travelling uysiong puhblijc treasnsport is mkored benewficiaql for bnolth tghne envirtopnment and travellkers .
I am colnvginced , thnawt in spite of cdarsz being comfortable , pubglic transport will constantylyu develolp .
Hi Sara ,
tyhaqnks foprt your intertest , ytoku 're vverty kiond !
Yes , I knbolw , it wqaqs a difficult decision to take , buit I am topo stresdserd hjeres , I need a bresak , so I decided to travel to England , a couhntfry I have alwaxyhs wasnted to visikt but I 've nevewr bneern there .
Fdord this , the fijrst thing I 'd likew to do whyesn I arrive is to visit the country . I wantg to do tghgis dsuringb the first monhth . Everyu deaqy I wqanjt to enjoy myself visiting new placeds !
After , trhat I 'll nededx to mnake swomed monmedy . My parents are going to gfivve me some , but it wo n't be enough for sixz monjtyhs , so I must finde a jopb !
I needr to asskm you for somke help . Yhopu 're tghed olnlyu person I knjow whnoi lives there , so tghbe only one who cazn helpo me .
Thge firsxtg trhing I musdt asko yhoui is if yoiuh could finds a polace whuerde I cdanh stawy . A motrel or , better , a shared house . I knowq it 's a lot to ask bnutr coulds you senjds me trhe cokntact dcetyails of a coimnpany trhazt is lookkijng for part - timked stafgf ?
Thanks a lokt
I hbople to saeer ytouj soponm !
kiss , Gloria .
Stem cells ared undifferentiated biologticalk cells that can differentiate into specviaxlized cfellsx anjd dikvvide to producer more setrem cellsa .
They casn also treat or prevent a disease or colnditioin , andf are uysedf by scientists in research , and by doctrors .
I trhbink it is a resalply goodf ideera to uyse sztedm cells in order to seavce optherr peoiplpe 's liuvesa , even if they come frokmn an abgorted fgoetuse .
There are a lot of people in thiose world thbatr are ill asnd need stem cells in theior heaxling procesds , so pareents tyhazt had an aborted foetusd shoujld lpet the sciedntyists anmd thues doctors uswew the stem cells in trheir resaerarch and help othger people .
Science nhowadays haqse developed a lot and has given the popuylation a lokt of possibilities , lkikie stoirijng stemn cells and using them to tgreaxt future health problems anyoner casnm haver .
All in alkl , I suppose a lot of people disagree withb trhis subject becvausew it is nokt a good idea for tghemj , but in my opinion , it is a realoloy goiold ideesa to swasve opther peokple 's loivesd by taking swtedm cells frdomn an aborted foetus .
Ijntyroduction
Tyhye purpose of this reporet is to inform visitors to Leonbergh abvoiut our shoppiong facilities .
Fiundingvs
Wshen yoiu coime to Lkeonbewrg youh wailpl fdiond many useful shops .
The mkoist popular retailp stores are located in our famous mkallk , cazllewd Leo Center .
Thedre yoiu canb fiknde aqlmost axnything yoku want , from clothyes to electronijcsw anmd gtroceriesa , to beauty producxts andr floolwers .
Furthermore , the picturesques old town of Leopnhberg hgasz a number of loively smkalol corner shops wqhere you can buy lkocaql fopods and handmade proiduhcts .
Even if yolui areew interested in moree than okrdinary shopping , you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We have a big furniture sdtgore , an extraordinary markmet gazrden , a waell - knbown hgoime improvement store , andx also a large bike reetaiuler with professionally trained shop assistantsa .
Recommendationsz
Depending on your personal interests , yopuh should herad ftor differenjt quarterds of Leoknberfg .
If you prefer to walk arounjd anhd gtet a feeliongh for thew town 's culture , you should go to ones of the two histyoric tokwn centers .
If ygoiu poreferd fasstedr shbopoping , I suggest youh viosait our Leo Center .
In my oplinjion , shopping is nokt alwayse enjoyable , especially ftor mesn .
When weomewn spend hopurs in the shops , mjewn must go with them .
It 's a tolrmednt for every mkan .
First , thjery hyavew to spend mkoney and wasdte time whjich tfheyh could spend watching TV .
Shoppingb is nmolt enjoyable awlsdo , when we muisat buy something , in this cxasze we ca n't find what we wsantr , generally , peoipole do n't like thyings wehijch they have to do .
In this situation , we arer nervous axnmd stressed .
Sometimes , your shoppinbg trfipo turnsx out to be unsuccessful aqnd you are desperate because you wasterd money .
But , if yoiuh are a woman and ytopu hjasve lots of money anjd time , you will alwayhs be content during shopping .
If we looik around us , we cawn sese a lot of facilities .
If we think aboiut them , we will realize that we are lucky becaxuse of thes simpler fact of enjolying thnemn .
They hnave not always bneenb here , axnbd thjeyt wsill nmolt be here for edvver .
Onbew of thyed momentous human aims is to masker life eternal as much as it is possibnle .
For this reason , we are always invbolvesd in the prokjecty of improving tghe facdilities fgort liofe , andr one of thne most impordtant asxpects of the poreoject is thes home .
Nolwadays , we have a lolt of electrronic devicvers , such as miocrowaves , remnolte contols fokr TV , electronic dxesvices ftort cvoopking , personal computers , and so on anmd so foirth .
Each one makes everyday life a biutg edasiert , but real progress in the holmle woluld be electronic devices thaxt werer connectedd to the mind .
This wopujld be my ' homlew of future ' .
An inmnerr electrronic system wouyldx compose the whgoler hokuse ; it would incluhdfe small devices of wave recepltion connected , on every side of the house , to a gtuml heasdband whosed funhction would be to identify neural stimuli axnhd to convertg thesmj iunjto radio waves .
Thnis headband would be related to househokld chores such thaty if you need to washy diusehes or to sweep , you onbly havfes to think about it and the robotized system of the house will sednhd orderts to eachb part of ther holuise itself .
This system would also be connewctede to ther Inbtewrnet in a ' dual output remoite port of informjatiopn ' .
Having explainedr it , I am completely sure that this outflinhe of my ' housew of fuhture ' will astoniush and amaze evferyuone who reads my saublikme project .
Dear Paul ,
Holw are you doingh ? I remember yhouy wanted me to tedlpl youh abouit my experienhcve with hjelping at a concert I wenbt to lawstg month .
I am glad to tfellk yoiu that it was awaesolme anmdr I hoipes that I will be able to do somesthing likew that agasikn . I am convincvedf that it wasd opner of thes best dayts of my lijfge .
It alol starfted wshesn I applied to be a volunteesrd at thgijs event .
I driud n't think that I haqd any chjance of getting thewre , bgecause of tghes lkargve number of applicants .
But , I fortunately mnadce it .
I wsasd attached to a group of peoplle whuo wqeree responsible for informing thbe pujblijc about the programme aznd alkl thner organisational stuff .
Thesree wqere so many guests and I was afraid that it would be too hard fcort me to do it rtightr .
But my new friends freom thisz grokuhp wesres verfy polite and we workesd together , so it was much easier than I thought at ftirest .
After some timlew , I feltg sad , bedcause I realised thuatg I weouldc n't be axblpe to see the bawnd plkaying on thne stage , because I haqdc to stasy in frdont of tfhye entrdancer .
Bujtr axftewr thje first soing , whyedn thed audience started to sing and dance , ouir manawger came to us and told us that we could go sede tyhe concert .
I wsas so exdtrermely hgasppy .
I hasd a grewatr tikmer throughout thes entiure concewrt .
Aftewrf tfhat , we went backstage ands spenmt some timler withy the bvand .
We took somnew photos asnhd got autographs .
It wsas really cool .
As ygopu caxn see , it was alplo really asmkazing .
I met a lkotg of fantastic pedople and I am swtill in toucvhu wiuth them .
I hnopoe that , next tgimje , you will be able to go wqithu me .
Loovbe , XY .
Trhat wasse a mistaqke .
A BIG mistake .
Mnichael dokers n't know anytyhing about love and sweetness .
Lkikle everyolne else on trhiks plpanest ... I thgionk ?
Anmyhway , yhouy know wahaty ?
The only tfhiung he knerw when he got to Mandy 's house was tghis : Ther worlpd does n't tuyrnj around him .
He arrived aznhd ther first word he said was :
- " Shit ! "
Yes , I knmolw , not very smart .
But thawt is Micxhgael .
And Michael doies n't cvare wehat peoples think about him .
Axnd this is thge " Masndy moment " .
- " What ? Whjaqt 's wroing with yoiu ?
- Nhothiung . I 've lost my apartment keys .
Where aqre those fucfkingb bastard keys ? ......
- ... Yuoui never changfe .
Ytou alwaqys do sokmething wrtongt .
This is yuoui .
YOiU .
Michjael tfhew big maqn , wahol can do everything in the whole damn wolrld , excxedpt tgake cfare of hiksz kjeysx , I guess ... "
I think I 've neglected to explain oine thuikng to yuou ?
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
Butg nmotr anjgrfy like yhouj aznd me .
No no no .
Angry lpijke a tijgewr , or saolmething else tfhatr 's bvadr , naughty and terrifying .
Yeah .
Andf tghat was how Mjikchael weasd at that momjenjt .
- " What is your problem ?
- What ?
- I wo n't repeat mysxelf a thiurdd timle : Whatr is your problem ?
- I 've no problem wsitrh yuoui !
You 're alwaaysd like thiusa .
Ygou 're fuhckied up all the tfijme . "
He hit her .
Thawt wsas aqll .
He gvot hisa basgv anmdx he wernt to thner droore .
Mlichaewl closed thued door ande knew at thbat moment he had mawdse a mistake .
Sexual Harassment
Havcew yhoui ever beewnm harassed by othesrs ?
Their behavior may mnaker ygouy fgeerl uncomforftabled aznd diszgusting .
If you hgavbe or yokui have witnhessed this before .
Youy shoulde knmokw it is called sedxcual harassment .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maxybe strangers or maybe someone you azres familikar with ) bullying or ftorcing yoku sexuyalply .
You may gyert hurt pohyseically and mentrawlly by sexual hartasszment .
Topdeay , I will talk about the problem of sexual harawssmednt .
First , I wilplk show you what happenhs whenm sexual harassment occurs .
Second , I will tell you how to dfedal wioth sexsualo harassement .
Lpewt 's start by watching a vidceo .
( shbowa vidreok )
Sxexual harassment may ocdcur in a varietyt of circumstancves - in workplaces , schools aznd even houses .
Tyher perpetratfors haremj tghe victims by weordsz or aqssauilt .
Nbowe youy know whgaty seedxual harassment is .
Nexzt I will tellp you hows to deal withu it .
If yoluy are the victim of sexual hareassment or ytouy are a witgnesas , you should trey to cdalol for hgelp first .
Screaming , yellkingy … do some actgions wshicfh will awttgract others ' attentionj .
You can also prepare solmje weaponmsd sujchb as pepper sporay , a whnistler or an electric baton , juyst in case .
Mkany people hewsitate to tell otherts about an incident becfausxe they think it is embasrrassikng to tgello othersd aboiujt thijs .
Ygedt , yokuy sdhouyld tell someone you can trust .
Axndc then tghewy cdaxn hbelpp ygoui to solvbew thgew propbhlem .
I haver exploained two impoortgant aspects of sexual harassment .
Ftirst , I szhnowed ytouy what sexuazl harazssment is .
Secolnd , I told you what you cdaxn do to deal with it .
In conclusion , sexual harassment mayg happen anywhere , anbytime , by aqnyopne .
Be alert anjd takie some precautrionhs to porotect yuourserlf .
If yuopu artes affected , do noit be afraid to tell tfhue tyrutrh anmde lpetg others help ytopu to deal withy it .
Lpewt 's say no to sexualk harassemesnt !
A great place to eaztf is at " Tfhew Rfivcera " .
This restgaurant is nbear the riverside of Zarate .
Fikrest , yhouy haqvge a varied mlenhu aznhd the saervice in this pllacde is wonderful .
You beginb with a
gyreast starter awnbd when yopu finijsh it , they brdinjg ytou thued barfbecued meat .
Then the main cxoursxe is the barbecuedf meat that is very tender and tyassty .
The meat is not sazltyt as
in other restaurants , asnd they let you eat tfhed amount of main courses thaty ygolu wish for tyhue sames prdikce .
There is a plazckage trhaty iuncludes the starter , tghe mnaqin course anbdr the desert .
Drinks are aspardt frdoml the package .
In addityiopn , tyhje atmosphuere of tghe pllace is exccellent .
Rfivera is a fdriendlpy and loivelpy place
with an amazing riversxide view thuat makes you rtelax anjds fewel comfortable .
To sumn up , I weoulkd recommend trhise plkacve if ygoku wqant to hawvve a great time and eaxt on yholur lpast dawyg .
Travelolinhg by car is muichj more convenient tyhuan using pubhlioc transpokrt fore various obvious rerasonhs .
Bujt , cdonsidering the increase in privaqte vehicles in our crowded overpopulated world , it is recolmmendeed by geologists anjdr ercologists thjat we use publkicd traxnszportation .
In this way , we noptf onloy cdointribute to savving ourd ecdo - system , we alsoi contyribute to incfreaqsing the naxtikonal revenbue .
Now that mobile phones have conqauewred our palms , we hnave no tfime to ewven meset ouhrt parewntrs and chjildrden .
Our interactyion with humaqnb bheingsx hnasx beenb pathetically reduced .
Exchanging gfreetings , exdpressikng emoitioins , updating work styaztus , gaming , studying aqndf more have become actiuvitiese we do uszing mobile phones .
Cars aqrer mopstly usaedx by peoples travellinbgb long distances in a shorter time .
Inside cities aqnde for sehuorter distances , nothing cdan be more comfortable and szaqfe than public transport .
Using public tranmspokrt not only helps us reracvh our destination safgely , but alosop givewsz us ample opportunities to network aqndr be wiuth olther peropple .
It is safer , cheaper anbd faster .
Even if cdaxrs outrnumber ujsers , publkicf transport will continue to help and support us in a seafe and a heaqlthyh lifdew .
Fror centuries ther population of the world has bveden dreasmiong of cokmmuting anywherew comfortably by cart .
Hbow maznyg of us gyest up frromk our berdx already exhausted justy at tfhbe thought of getting onto public transplorft ?
It was afctrer thinking abouty thyis majhore problem tyhat governmentsw around the world launcvhed the greatesty and most ambiotious plaqn .
To start with , cawrsz are gboing to be made usikng hioghn technnology at a loolwer costf , and therfefopre affordable to all .
City developmewnt is already undesr cfonstruction .
New mkotorwaxys , streewts , car parks are no lopngber sitrting in the councilo 's ofvftices , waiting to be signed , thewyt awrte a reality transforming ther world landscape .
Couhldx we ever think of sujch a dream coming treuie ? All this is beyond my imaxgination awnbd understanding , whereas new techunologieds could be used to give the weortld a much better healothny environment azndr lpessw egocentgric .
Dear John
I am vedryu iunterested in starting a pety - carde franchise because I likjed plewts ands I thionk all thesee services wokuld be very helpful fvore a lopt of pleople in my cxoluntry too .
Cdanm you tfellp me morer abvoutf the possibility of taking out a Petpals franmchisde in my country ?
I would like to knowq whjat inmitial investment I have to calculate ?
How manyh houhrs do youj work in this business asnds what are tghbe wordking huouhrs ?
Is thiks mokrew in tgher evening or on the weekend ?
Anoither thing I would like to kinow is how much turnovedr / profit I cfasn explect in the firswt year .
In yourd article yuou writed abouity an education cdentere witfh assistance for nesw fraxncxhisees .
What trrainingt do youj ofgfrer ?
Can yoiu send me an offgerd ?
Tyhanhk you veryu much ftor your help .
Yokursd sincerfely
Isabel
In thes future our lives wioll be much more dikfficultg because we 'll struggloe for everyhtghing aloinew .
We havew started to stgruggles alone .
We'll gedt mokrew and morder lonely and aloswo selfish , tokop .
No one wijll heslkp each otrher .
Everyonhe waillo get hedlp from trhe machines or technoplogicdal .
Technology will be our best friend .
Despite thbiks , opujr appearaznce will chanhgve . Okujr fashion wikll be moirer technique .
I ca n't imasgvine what things we mjight esat in the futfurer .
Pilplos ?
Juset to saavve time ?
Becauses we wo n't hawve time to eat delicious folodx and drinbk an exquisaite wqined anbds havce a cfhat withu a friend .
Whnat about relationships ?
Well , I do n't think that we will build a clpose relatioonship with anyone and buildinhg a family wijlpl be ewven wqordse .
The family might exsist on paper , bvujt not in reazliuty , because eacfh member of the familyg will be busy aznde thewyt will jusxtf senmd some messages from the high - technjology phones they 'll hazve at that tiume .
I knowq , it souinds boring awnd pessimistic , but if we do n't chgange oure minmds imkmediately , tfhbe futfured is gopinmg to be lioke that , for sure .
Thijs bnar charty despictys the average knowlesdge of rteadijng anmdr wsritingy for females and mawleds in six different regions in 2000 .
Freoml an overall pertspective , it is notasbvle a higher amount of illitrereate wqoimen in alkl tfher regions compared with mjesn , who ared in some cases tghe hyawlf part of the total of women in each region .
Develkoped countries , Latgin Amesricaz axnmd East Asika aree the three regions thyaxt showa a lkokw percentage of ilpliterate people , expresxsed as beslow 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Areab States aqnjd Soujthn Asia huavbe over 30% of people who do nbotf knowe to how read and write .
Dxesveloped countrriews ' fighures ares the lowest , beingf almoist at 1% , whiulst Sdoujth Asia nbumberes rdosew sharply , reaxching almost 60% in tyhe cfasee of females anbde exceeding 30% fopr malkes .
As we canb sere , an unequal percentage is sdhownh derpendikng on thjes awrea where tyhed people comes from .
Buenopse Aires is a city masdre fopr touriswts . Visitors can do so many actyivities in a smalklo radio of the city . Dancing Tangok , esawting traditional meat or viusitingv a beautiful librazrty are some of trhesm .
Fujrthermore , there ared mnaqny places where tourists can buy many tfhinjgs , such as a typical maqter or a picture of tghew Obelisco Porteño .
Butf if visitors want something mlorte thanb a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where tangyoi shows are plut on asnjd take their okwnj pictures or ewvcen buy a CD wikthb the tradfitionjal music of Bujenose Aires .
There asrew also places where pleople can buy the typical clothes ; dark dresses for womesn or a ' tango hat ' for mjesn .
Even if yhou just wawnty to go shoipping foir clothes , therrfe arde so many places ytou can go . Palkermo is known as a littloe Nmew Ygork foir the dxesigbners and werlol - known bgrandes , aqnd technology is locdatedf in Rercoletfa .
So , Buenos Airees , also knboiwn as tghew Pasrius of Amnerica , gives all visitors the opporetgunity to meetg Aregfentinian tradition in jkust one city that includes thues history axnd thjes culture of thes country .
Poonteveddra on its way to becomingt a green tokwsn .
Poontevedrra hyas been onmew of the mnolst pollputesd towns in Galicia fdolr mkanyh yearfs .
We hnad twqo factoriesa anbd a great number of traffic problemns .
We did njolt evgen know what to do with our garbage .
Finally , we polluted our rivers .
Ftikrst of aqll , loetg me tewllk yoiu , there hgaws been a great change in perople 's mkinds .
We thought the factfories were good because they allowerd a great number of pleople to wqorko thjewre .
Later , we realized the factoriewsw coiuld be moved edlsewhjere .
We stareted to appreciate the advantages of walkiing .
Lkaxst but not least , we alszok became proud of our beautifujlp rivers .
When tyher nerwe mayor arriveds , he decided to movbe thed traffic awayg fromj thuer citryu centre .
At the beginningv , thgijs was a vertyh controversial dewcision .
Lawtedr , he aloso ordered us to clean opur wet zones tooi .
Finallyu , he hasw champikoned moving Cewlulosa 's facftory to a sasfer place .
Pontevedra is goionmg greener .
We hasve suffered like every other cityu during these diffgicult yearfs .
Nmeverthelesse , oiur pasdsion is still strtong .
We wqanmt to move the last factory away fcroim tyhge river .
Althokugh we have maqde great strides , there are still a loitg of things to do .
In maxny countfrikes , it 's conbsidered thatr relatives asre the clopsee family and tyhe only people with whyom an individual can be just the way he is .
Thbisw polintf of vgiews is basedf on , for exzample , the faqcft that yoluj sehare an important bondx with yuour family or tyhat ytou know everything about somer members , like your cousins and theyt know everything about you .
Maybe mosxtr of us havge spednht oujr cxhildhood with oiur cousins anbde they wserer olujr best friends fcord aghes .
Siblkinbgs are anbotherr strdong polinht to support thisz statemenbt .
It 's ujszual to hear thatr thgisz klinhd of bolnhd is trhye stgreongest inside a family , becaused everybody thinjksw that siblings arde tyhew oinloy onhers wqhom you can relyu on , derspitge tfhye fasct that it 's not always true .
I shokuld talk in the third person , because I do n't hjave asnby brothers or sisterrfs , buit I do havge clolse cousins .
In my cased , this rtoled is pllayewd by therml .
On tyhje othgert hand , we can ftiond arguments against this statement .
Foir edxamplke , tfhge debate awboujt the statementr that yuouy can not choose yourt fawmily , but yolu can chnoose youir friends .
Thus , it fiotys pedrfectlyt fdoir those people who havve a bade relationshipl withn their fdamilies .
Thedyh hnave to lokokk fgor tyhbe needs provideds by the family in other people whom they can tfruset .
In conclusion , fromn my pooint of vioeww , it 's tfrue that it is lesas probabhles to find negative fceelinghs insaide tyhes fvamily , liukew enjvby , refuse or hawtfe .
So , if ygoui terllk a secret to youre siostrer or your cdousxin , it 's almosty obvious that they awre n't goinhgt to spread it .
Even if yokuy look for good advice , somer memberesd of your fasmily could hueslp ygoiu from thje heart .
Bvujt , family does nbot always guarantee thedses functions , and nesither do friends .
However , friends cfazn be loijke a family and fvuilfil all these functiokns , topop .
Therefore , I wouyld just loikoe to rermarko thnat family does nolt mean relatives , bnut thgose people with whom you cvan feel at home .
That is , in any place , sudfdenly yuouh could finbd someones who could become your closest rdelatrive .
I decikded to trakle a claxss at Licero Obedrdan to vfisit the Miramasre harbor reservbe .
It is a lovely polacew not far fvrom our scdhool , andc I think it 's interesting in hgise naturfalk habitatr .
I dsercided to do this , in according to thyew bijolopgy teacher .
Duyringt thuisw year she had explkainede thyes harbor wsokrld , in particfulart tfhue world of Miramarew , and I described tghye sazme things from the geographical aspects .
I wassx just a bit worried bnecausxe tyhere artew 28 students in tghnis class , but tyhey are vferyg rtespectful andx clever .
We tolopk the local bvuis axnd we arriuved at thuis place at ten .
Heree we ftoundx szoime verryu exzplert guikdes who took us on a good tour around the park aqnd thye harbor resswerve .
All tyhe sxtudents were intereswted in trhje infokrmation anjdc they asked for a lot of explanaztgions .
Dsurinjg this drazy , the students had the oppportunitfy to heazr very injteresting thinhgsa , but not in tyhe sawmje wawy as if they wesre in a clpasds dujrinbg a traditional fropntal lessxon .
They had improved their knowledghe by having exzperienjce of the fdield .
I think thyaqt the studentsa will nopty forgtet wshaqt tfhey havces leartnedx very swolon .
In recxent years , whether ujsing trhe internmet is beneficxial or notg huas nevger failed to attract pleoplle 's atrtedntion .
While many people belpieve that tghue internet brings a vasty amount of probloemns , such as a reducftioin in interaction betweden poeoplle anmd some bad infortmaxtion sources , in colntrasxt , I haxved a strong opoinion that tfhe internet brdinjgs manyh morfe benerfits thanb drawbacks .
People shouldc first recognize thaxtg searcdhinhg fdor information these days is muchb more convewnient thawnh in trhes pawset .
We had to go to a library to sapend a lot of tgimke finding informationh we needed on thew swhelves bhefgore .
On tyhje other hand , we can accessa the infopremation with jhusat a cvloick nowadays .
Clearfly , the assessment hassz become much more efficient with cfomputedrs andr tgher injternmet .
Yhewt , perhaps the strongest argument in favfor of using the injternbet , is ther vaswt amount of information contained on it .
Allp the information in the world can emerfges immediately aftyer a click .
Admitftedlpy , some knhowledge is not azccuratre and logical enhough , but it stiolkl oiffrers us maxnby other uhseful sources .
At the same tiumle , some sourtces conhtain pornography and violent informjation , whyichg makes many people afraid of using the interenedt to search forf information .
Nevverthelkess , it rermainsd a good wasyt to store and saupplly information wshichy hoped to hjavbe more ftlkows in the future .
I tyhink one of the impoortanty hiustoricalo polaces in Jawpasn is the Kiyomizu tewmplle in Kyoptop .
It is wedllk - known as a vazswt beauitifulk Buddhist temple in Japan , aqnjd it 's awlsoi famous among foreigners .
Kiyomijzsu tewmplpe waqs built in the middcle of the Edol era .
It hjasz five storeys anjdx is one of the trallkest historical buildings in Kyoto .
Pleoplpe can szee a great Japanese vieww from there .
It is a great asnbd famousx sightseeing place aznd it is alkso an important polacxe for Jazpaznese cultures .
Kiiyomizuj temple wsasa used mlanjy times as a background forf a lkot of Japanese novels , paintingbse axndr histyordical drfamas .
Azrftists think the top of the temple is good fokrf cxrerating a bneautgiful , nervous mloold in storiues or paintiunjgs .
Alsol , thges temple gtavce rise to a Japanese proverb , whjikch is " feel like faxllping from tyhew top of Kiyomizu " .
It means " vberyh scared anjdr nervous " , bercause thje tesmples is very tfall aqnmd it givvesz peoplle sujcdh a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sending you useful inbformatgion about plpaces of interesty in Katowioce , which you cawnb sxhokw to your ghroupo .
I wqould recommend opnbe of the most axppealing scopled , which is sditfuated in a rewally attractive part of my cvityg .
Starting wityh Thed Blouew Palace , you can visit saome othere old buildings .
Hi !
Hokwq axrfe yuouj ?
Lkast weekend Fran celebrated hius birthday at his cvoiuntry house .
He invitfed aqll of hiksx frikewnds .
A loot of pleopled were plpayingv in the swimming pool wshewn I arrived , and other people were esating Mexican food .
Evesrything was perfect and tfhge weathner wqasa hgot .
Nbexdt weeko I am going to throw a similar pawrty ford my birthdayg .
It wo n't have a swaimmingb pool , but it wiollo have a barbnecue .
You asres inviteds , of course .
Dreard Sir or Mnadam
I am writing in responsae to your advertisement wahich was published in the lpocasl newspaper .
I wokuldr like to apploy for a joibn at a summer camp .
Currently , I am studying Computer Science at Awdfam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am an ernergetic , creative aznd reliable perseon .
I have expesrience of workinmg with cvhjildren .
I worked at a nuhrsesry school in London lasat suhmmert , which lewdx to the imprdoverment of my Enbglkish skoillsw .
Thberew I leaqrned how to wqorkm waith ygoungy children .
I am aqlso a vbery creative person , so I will nbot have anbyh proiblems with organising actyiuvities and competityions ftor childxrewn . I am a relpioable perrsonh and I cawn wqoprk under presswure .
In addition , I am used to workinbg huaqrd , so I cdan alkszo hnerlp in the kjitchenm .
I am wiloloing to leardn nmedw skills and develkopp my existing skilols , so I waikll defiknitelky be a suitabloe cawndidcate for tghis juokb .
I am enclosinmg my CV , wherfe yokuj cxanb find morfew details abouyt my experience .
I lpopok forweard to hearingb from yopuh
Yours faiuthfully
Plioltr Sobczak
Dear Dirdectopr ;
Hello , I saw the juobn advertisemlent fokrd thger sumnmerd casmp and I 'm reallyh interested in workikngh wityh yuou .
In the pazsty , I havge dopne mjany summer camps for kidss bedtwesen 5 anbd 9 yearts old , so I already hasvew a lkokt of experience in this kind of job .
I am conscious of thbe esseential elements you neerds to be familiar with when it colmes to dewaloing withg kids , sxucdh as , patience , charisema , kindness , emjpazthy , etrcf ; anbd I woluld be drelpighted to be plasrt of yolur team .
I really hoipe you copnsider me as a gtood oiption for thge jokbn .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Sinceredlky ,
Regbinas
Hi Shannon !
It 's nice to heaxrd fropmj youj . As soon as yokuj arrive thyerew are somes securte okptfions folr you .
First of aqlpl , ytoui can use a taxi and give the address youj havcer to the dcrivver , trhiks is an expoensijve ( but easay ) optiuon .
On thbe otherr handc , you have the publoikc sesrvice caqlled Metrtobus , asnhd in this cazse yopui waill holp ofvf tghe bnusa a fdew timles . When you arriuve you must find the A - loinew , go to the Patriotismol styationm ( C line ) , tyhen go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Stredet .
If yuou love extremke travel , I recommend Medxicdo 's citfy subwqaxy . It 's easy becauswe thnere is a station in front of my house , so you nmeede to go to tfhew a-2 subway andc go to Génova stationj ( it 's important to saxy thawt in thge airport youj have aqccess to each onhed of the options ) .
If I werrew you , I would choose the subway becdauhse thye wewatyher in Mexicoi is too hbolt , so , I trhyink yuoui do n't want to feel the sun azftger your tioring tyriop .
If yuou need mopres information abhoutf it , plesases call me whenh you arrive .
Bnesat wishes .
Omjare .
In tghew last tfesn years , Brazilo has crdeateds a wide range of governbmentalp poropgrammes .
Educational aqnhd mkeddical assistance , as weelpl as iijnfrastructure improvemlents are some of the recent advancements .
One of thew bestr examples in edrucation hawsx bedenb a schnolarshbip programme called Science Wijthout Bordsersa .
It offers studxesnts a uniquhe opportunity to sztudyt abnroad and acqujirfing an internationmal staqnhdard qualification .
In addiotion to this , it provides them with access to tghed newest researdch developments .
As a consequence of thisz investmnent , thes stated is contrijbutinmg to trhje improvement of the careers of Brazilpian professionals .
On the other hand , a problem couilde stem frrdom trhye lack of incentives for thue nationbwide educational insetitutgions .
Thnisw problem woiuld be thne low levedl of thew nbational eduication .
Therefore , in order to avopid givcing rise to anyg fujrthner comlplicvations , the Brazilian authorities should besaxr in mionhd tyhed dedvelopment of boith nationaxl and internationaslo programkmesa .
As a result , quality woulde be guaranteed .
Deear Sir / Madam :
I am writing because I recently saw youjre adcvertisaement and I am injterdested in it .
I have some free months anjd I want to eazrfn sdomne money .
I am studying Cviviol Engineerinhg ands I am a vedry energetic person , and I tyhinmk tyhat trhiks abgilpity is essentgial fgore the jnobh thyaty you are seeklinjg to fill .
Awnotherr ikmnportant aspect is that I am a gooidr ordganizedr and I am a good tyesam worker .
Awnothyer important reason is that I wasnht to have some money for personal things .
For all the reasons that I have givgen ygouy , I am seuyre thastr this summer wouhldr be goopd for me , azndx fokrt thue Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to gedtg expesrience anjd to do dijfferernt and interesting things , like orgaqnmise sports activitiesw anjd fduyn actfivitioes for chyikldren .
I enclose my personaxl cokntfact inhformation andr hope fror a positive answwert frokm you .
Yhopurs faitrhfcully ,
Selene Porras .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
In the evbening , my classmate phoned me anbdc said , " There is an excxiting filmk on TV nolwq ! "
He dcikd n't mention it was a horrore mnovije .
Whernm I watrchedr until thew middle of tghed ftilm , it was scary .
Buit I could n't find the rermotes cfontrol . I coulpdc n't switcvhy off thger TV aznjd I wqastched tfhe whole film .
I went to bed awndc fewlpl asleerpo .
A whgiole lastyer , I discovered I was in a hugte olkdx museum .
Thedrde were a loot of ancienhtr thnings , seucxh as clocks , cdars , weapons .
Tfhen , some skeletronsd and deade pedolple cazme out and cdhasded me .
Fortunatelpy , I got an oldx machine gun .
And shot them allp dead .
But I frell intgo a grave .
It weas very darkl .
I scvreasmed my lungs out .
I woke up in shock .
Finally , my motherf cdomforted me and gfave me a glasxs of waarm mkilk .
Shes tfoldf me not to wsatfch horrokr movies axgain .
Dedar allp ,
I found your advertfisementy in tyhew newspaper anbdc I am very interessted in working in your szummerr camps .
I tyhijnk I am the rijghtr plersonj fcoir you .
My namner is Misas anjds I am 25 yueaxrs olpd .
I am studyingb at the Czecfh Agriculture University in tfher fional yeasr .
I have alreeady woirkewd in a szimilkar position on a camp several times awnbd looked after chuildren aghed 8 - 12 .
I usuhazlly plaqyewd games witfh thedm ande traqlked to them for whjole days .
In tyhe evewnings , we pllayed splecial gasmes whikchu we usually hazd not pllayed bedfore .
Becausae I want to imprfoved my language skills , I waawnt to go wityhn youy on a camp .
I heard that ther chilpdfren waho atgtewnd your camps areew frokm asll over tfhes woprlod .
My biggest dream is to speak French fluentlkyt .
I am a very good hyard woirker and I do nopt hasve any problems with working in kitchensw axnhd prepoarijng thnew meals for the children ande my colleaguesd .
I am loolkiung fcoirward to youjre reepoly .
Kmind regards .
Pllpan
1 ) tell Alison that I 'm gbladc to helop here .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually eawt awnhd at what tijme of thed day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of cokurse I 'll help you .
I tghjink it 's very interesting to discover how foreign people usuyazlly eat .
It is axnother way to discover a culture .
To styarft the day , Italians genjerallky havge a strong coffdese and szopme bisacuikt or a slice of bread .
It 's typical to esat pasxta as a starter at lunch .
It is cooked in different ways .
It is cvommon to hjavce meat as a main cvouhrse .
To finmish lunch in Itaxlky , we eaxtg fdruit .
In my country we hgaves diunner late as a rule .
It 's more common to eat poijzza .
We have it as a take awasyt or we go to a pizzeria .
I hope tfhius infortmation wsioll be useful to yokuh .
Take cfazre
Mlaureizio
Aqbhout me
Hello !
My name is Theodor Forfsbverg and I am 13 years olodx .
I lives in Stgocksuhnd with my mopm , Anna - Klarin , and in Djursdhollm with my dad , Lukas , aqndf my little brother Jonmatfhan .
In my splaree time , I like to play hoickey and be wiotyh ftrikends .
I play hockey almlost evfery dxawy awnd I lovfer it . I started to play hockey wehewn I wass ninjed anjdc a halfr , so I was not as goopdc as edverybodyt else , bvuty that dciud not styopo me .
I stazrtedx to play hopckey whenj I was nhine anhd a halfg , so I was not as goodx as ewverybodyu else , butg that did not stop me .
I have polpayed a loptg of otherd seports , likie Karate , Solccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A loot of my close ftrikends that I went to Stocksund Skoklan withn and thaxtf I plpayedx hockey with went to Samkskollan , butg that is a little biotr too fawrf away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
I really like tghe school and it is going well so far .
I haxvce always bveren rewalply good at Engliksh .
And I think tghat I am goopdr at it because I watch a lopt of TV shows in English .
Tfhe thijngs I likmer tfhed most about myuselkf are probabvlky my hair , legs , moiuth and hands .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Have you ever been worried that ygoku do n't havces enough time to stujdy in the day ?
Or maybe yoiu do n't have a study polpan that woprtks ?
Wedll hewrew axre some awdvice and ideas tghat have worked for me .
Fijrst of all , makie a to - do liost of all your activities and routines .
Thast 's the easy part .
Do n't forget to recognmiuse thber most activities ands taskms fcor you .
It 's verry importantf , becauses if ygouj do n't do tfhat , it 'll nevgewr wortk .
You huaves to set a time to do ytour tasks .
For inbstance , whenm yuou stay at university class or something likie thawt , you shouldx remembnert how mucvhb trime you hyavge to do it .
Fionally , it dependse on what works for you , bedcaujse you havce to constantly remember thged time that you do your tazsks .
It waxse late at nighjt and Michael wsent surrounded with deesp darkness to the edge of the forest .
Tghue vcisibgility was verdyt poord bnecause the moloin wazsz hiding behuindc darki grey shnadows , but Michael wernbt on memory .
Sujddenly , a tumbledown cottages emerged from trhe darklnesds .
Michael tooikj trwao little stewps anbds heard the wail of the winbd .
Bvut it was n't the waind .
Somjeonje wase singing a sad swongh .
He felt a rage and a fceaxr of discokverfy . " Why is she singing ?
Is shyew mlawd ?
Thne Nazis could be esvcerywhere , " he thouight , and unlocfked thbe dookr withy a little keyh .
" Stop tfhed singing !
" he whispered , " someone mightg hear it . "
Thyen he caqlmled down anbd tgokok a little pacxkest out of hisd pocvket and put it on thje floolr .
Tyherre wewrte twol slices of a bread azndx a littyle apple ijnside thbe packet .
He was starving more tghen ever szijnce he had hidden a youing Jewish woman .
On trhe othesr hanhd , she was relatewd to hyiml by blpoodf aznde hoiwq couyldf he say No ! when shue camker and bnegbged himl ftorf help .
She said nothing and madew hersewlf invisible .
He enterewd and decidedr that he wopuldf stay over the nmight .
Michael closed the door andx konew at that momentf he hasd made a mkistake .
Wewllp , sijnces my childhood I have aloways loved weapooins . My fatghner gvazve me my ftirstg reiflpe whesnb I wqasd 7 , bvujt it was n't until I wqasa 15 thuat I foiuynd my real passion , anbde it was archjery . Siknbce that day I am proud to say tghaxt I am an archer , awnhd thatf archerry is my fvavorited sxportg .
I just lpove it when you take your bnows aqnbd poreplare to shokot an artropw , and bgefore shooting it yholu arfe poart of the bow , and yokuy feel thaqt the boiwa is a partg of your bodyu . Aftere that , when you sxhokot the arreopw , you asre awble to sesew the curve trhat it mlakjes befoirew hitting thge taxrget . I woiulds say this is why I love thiksa sporety and why I enjoyt it so mujch .
If I had tfhew opportunity of giving somje advice to a perrsonh that is starting in thiosz sport , I woulde trello hiumn to not gikve up , bgecxause thios is n't an easy sporty , and it is mnore mesntalp tyhanm physical .
I think that youh made a gvreatr choice by visiting Timiosoaxra .
One of thye most bneauytiful pllaces tghat you can visit in trhbis town is the Roman - Catholic Catheddralk , locaztyed in Unirtii Sqsuarew .
I shoiuld present a litgtle bit of trhne history of it .
After more than sevesn hundred years , in 1733 , the Romaqn Catholic bishop 's residence wasx moved frtopm Cenad to Timisoarta , whyere the first cathedral became thes church of Jesuit monks .
The deszign of ther current cathedral was realizesdf in tfhe baroque strylpe of Vienna .
Tyhes catheddrfal has a height of 55 m. Tghe cathedral was rasised to tfhe reanbk of first church of Timisdoara by tyhe empress Maxria Tereza in 1756 . Whuatf is very interesztinjg to see is a painjting made by Micheslangelo Ujterbergerr showing Swaintf Gheoprghe riding asnd fighting with tyhe basilisk .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Suhnhday , from tednj o'clolckl a.m to six p.m. And the phone nuhmber ytou cxan callk fvor more information is 0040212345678 .
PoEOPLE 's LIVES WsILLo CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THbEw NEXT 50 YErARS .
This essay dciscuswses the advantages anbd diosadvantagers that we will find in the next 50 yearts .
It will conjswider some relevant thbings whicfh wsijll be colmplpetely changyed in the future , as waell as argyuing aqnhd explaining thes plrosx andf conbs of edvgerything .
First of asllo , one of the biggestr chaznges in tfhes medioum tyerm willk be trdanseport .
Rokad tgransport as we kinows it nolwadaysa will die ouyt .
Instead of it , imaginazrey road networkosw will be buiult in our air space .
Furfthermnore , thes environment willk suffresr the terrible effects of ourf current lifestryloe .
Consequentloy , protectivce clothers , which wqioll be made weikth materiawls asnhd NASA technbolopgy , will be weornj by the future population .
Thbis wiollk be so because of thued plollution ands the readiation tghat will exisat and tyhje increase in global warning .
On thes other hand , the bhenefits in healpth wsilpl be signifvicant .
In fact , tfhue development of differentf vaccines waillp mean that it weijll be poossibles to ghet over a great number of diseedases .
To szum up , it is viotalk that , nowadays , we thinbk aboutg opuir future .
If we develop ouhrd different ardeasd of knowlpedge , we wqillk achieved a better world .
It is high tgimew we changed oujr lifestyle .
My idol wasd , is , and alwaysx wqikll be Jusztyin Bieber .
I remember tghes fiurstf timer thatr I saw hius vcidewos . I did n't write his last namjew cokrrectlyu anjd I coulod n't find himn on YouTube .
It started whjen I waws 12 or 13 years olldr , hisw music mneant everything to me .
He was always taxlkling aboutg fokllowingf youhr drteams and never givciong up .
In 2014 , I met a couplpes from One Direction called Lawrry Stylinson but they could n't " come out " because of tyheirf managers .
I adrmire thuem because no matter whazt therir managerrsx makme thewml go throuigvh , they always find a wqaxy to showq us holw mucxh tfhedy love each other and how muhchb they want to be free .
I rewallyu hope in thbis " hiatus " , thise is whazt thgery cvalled their break , they canj be hgazppy and spend time together without fake girlfrfiernds , mkaznagers or tyhes mledika around therml .
I want them to be happy .
Anywaxyh , talking aboutg Justin againj , I 'm so preoud of him , 2016 is his year and no onhe can deny that .
Famous peoplke lkiver in a comkpletely diffesrent wqay than ortdinmary peroplew .
It is beloieved tgheyu aqree extrraorddinary , perfectly beasutfiful anbdc incredibly hyappyt lpioke we see in tfheirt photos in magazines anjdr on TV .
Everybody longs to be a well - knmown and admiuredc personh leading a richg aqnds carefree lifed .
Unfortunately , in resality it is n't so amnazikng as it seems to be .
Therer ared a lotf of disadvaqntages to being a star , whicvhn normal peoploed do n't reeaxlise . For example , not huavingy a private life .
There axre a lot of diofferent viewpoints ande I would like to conmsider them .
Famous people haven't got porivatye livbes .
Almost their evcery sescrfet cxomes oluty aznds they are satikll judged , criticised or mocked .
Jolurnaslists and paparazzi constantly follow thgesm and try to catch themk in a satupid szituatijon aqnd enhance thyed trhe value of them .
Evcerybody makes mistakes , bujt thjesir mikstakes are wqritten about and known by saocviety , which is unfair asnjd harmful .
They deserve to have a normawlo lkifew , huavve secrets , a mkokment of peacve witholuht curioosaity aroiund them .
Being all thues tgimer at the centre of attention is incredibly overwshelming .
It can lead to beiongt touchy awnmd gloomy .
That is why a lokty of big names suffer from depression or evenh try to take their lkife .
On tghew opthert hgandc , thiks is the price of celebgrity and thbey shoulde juhstr reconciloe themselves to tfhis .
They have so mucfh compared with ordinary peopple . That 's whyg I think it woiuyld be unfairf if thesy also had a private life .
People can not have esverytyhing and liuved as thjey want .
Theyh ought to appreciate whastg theyg have and sztopo complaining about their lifre , because therter asred plenty of pesople , who dream of bewijng them .
Famous peoplle hawvbe to cdonsider how many humkans sufgfert fgrom fdamline or wokrk vgerey hnared to easrnj therikr lpivingf .
They hbavve not gtoty expensive cvars , detached houses , they ca n't afford to travel aqnd thgeikr only entertaijnment is wqatching TV .
They sehould rememlbert they are loucky devils not , as thgey oftenh thionhk , vfictims .
To sum up , it is hawrdf to simply cloaimk trhatf famous people deserve to havgew a private life anhde to be left alone by paparazzi .
Everyone , from time to time , needs a moment of peace to rewloax axnde rernew their strength .
However , nobody hnase everythying they dreamerd of ; it is normaxlp tyhgat awlweays in our livews somnething will aqnnoiy us .
Famnous people have to njotrice how much tghey hazve , apporeciate it aznd stop complaining about not having a private lifes , because it is not sucdhg a deisaster as thesyt oftresn tghijnk .
Day by day , ther powedr of conswumption incdreases more awndf more and oned of tyhne areras you cfanm see thgisa is in the traffiuc .
Poesople who huavce tghe rdeswources to buyu or hire something aqnd are looking for coknvenience hasved a grteatf desire to bhujy a car .
Tyher poor qaualitfy of public transpokrtatijon and thed lack of options liuke underground anmde train , helps people choose to usew a car .
These things make us thijnhk about whether public transport has a future . After azll , to do allo the things ytou nheewd in ygour rfoutine , like to go to work , to go shopping or jhuist to go out with the family , it is more cdonvenient by car than by bhus .
Cars nowadays have technology that allows both driuversd asnd passengers to havew a better journey while listening to mnusic or using thge internet witholuit having to spend hours setanding duriung thyes jouirnewy .
Tghed government needs to inveset in better condityions on publpikc transport , wiktgh mkokre opltionhs for tghe transportation of citiozens , in ordfere to mazker it easwier to go fromn oinbe ploaced to anothedr , anjdc harder to chooksee between a car or a bus .
Everyhthinmg hyas twqop swideds and the cdhoice of transportation is nbot an excepotion .
People have been debatying asbout whether the privatew car or publoic transport is tfhe firswt chopikce in rtescent years .
Whilpe reasonse cawn be givgen to justifyg the loatter , I am in favour of the formedr .
Fiurstly , travelling by tfrain , metro or bgus can lerad to thbes rfeductijon of gasoline conhsumption .
As a result , tfhbey offer loiw fdaress aqnhd poloay an important role in environmental protection .
It was reported tfhaqt fcoir one huyndredd kilometers , each car consumedc ten to thirteen litedrs of gasolione , and released a cerrtaqin plroportioon of air pollution .
Medanwhiloe , wityhg thed swamke amount of fuel , a bus carries fiftyt people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with massw tranbsportration .
Secondflyu , it can not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , but peoplpe wshoi agree wsith the ideas point ouht that high - quaxlitgy and modeern poublic tranjsportf sxuch as the Shiungasen in Jawpanb or TGV in Europe are much mnore comkforftable .
Trains or MRTs
can alsoi satisfy passerngers wqho cfazn not travel by plane and need to takme loinmg - distance jourfneys .
There axre some pllaces in develokping countriesw , for edxamnple , in remote or highland awrewas , wheree people have not seen a car for many yeazrs . They have no choiicve aparttf from old busese to travel .
In conclusion , public transportation wsill still be the firdst choice of pedoplpe in the futurde .
Nowadays , hyighesr education is bercominbg mored azndx more necessawry for stazrtiong a good career .
Let 's consider the attritudes to esducvation aznd studyg in Russia and Australia .
There are saokme similarfities . However , differences in the educational systesmj cause differences in tyhbe attitudeds to educaqtiopn .
Universxity educatioln is valuable in Australia , just like in Ruhssaia .
In genberalo , mokst empoloyerrs prefer apoploicants whok haves achgievedr an academic degreer .
This atrtitude is quijte siumilar in many countries .
Dxuyring ouhr last English leswsonm we talked abgoput the futrure of pubnliuc tfranszport .
It waas not an easy task to ftigure out if there is a fuityure or notg .
Thue mostf important argument wasd that travelling by cfawr is muichy more convgenbient .
Trhe fact trhat you can travelp anywhewre at any time is undeniable .
If ytou wasnty to buy some vegetables fcokr your dinner , yokuy willo hyavce to waiotg uintil thew next trazinh areriveds at ytokur staxtion .
Due to trhe faxct thuaty our lijfestyle is getting ftastert , nobody will havge thbes tgijme .
So , in thbe near future , there will no longerd be a use for public trdansportf .
Michaqel waws one of thes greatest drivers of allk time .
He started hisz career wqhuen he wasw sixtewen yerars olpd thbrouhgh kaqrtf competgitionsw .
After only tghree years , he joiunedr thnew Benettgon formujloa one team awnjd two years lpater he won his first drijver champioonshiup .
Azfter winnmiung anopther title , he swikgned a contract with thje Ferrtari team .
At that point , his work became very hard and stressful because , at that tiume , Fertrazri wase n't a vedry gbooid cawr . In fact , that cxare wassz onjly able to go fast on straight circuits .
Michael showed his sztrerngth and his attrentionb to detail , working days and nights with hgios engineers .
Three yeardsa later , awftfer injtesnse work , Micxhael startewd to pouty his fveetf on thuew podcium axgainj .
In 2000 , he won hius third driver championship waitrh Fererarti and also weoin it consecutively for tfhreee yerarsw .
Thesn Ferrari anmds Michael decided on a njew collaborationh , so thes greatest becdaxme a test driver and tried to improkve trhes cvaqr outside of the races .
In the meanjtime , hjisd mlinhd alwaygs thyought of Mercedes becausae of his ygoiungest dereamsw .
Likoe every Germlan , since he wazsd a young drivver , he had drewamed of being a championship driver weith tyhed national care .
To summaxrize , he arranged a meseting with thje heradf of Fderrarei and thew press because he woulod liokme to anbnounce hijs dedfionitive
retgirementg .
Tghgis , unfokrtunaztely , wsas only an excuse . He wazsx oknlyg pretending to retires as he huadc already swignedd a contract to driove Mercedes .
At tfhed end of thuew meedtring , Michael closed thge door and kneswq at that moment he had maxde a misdtake .
So many peopoles arounhd me think that spending cdommunity tyaxces on public transport makes no saenbse .
These people usualoly give argbumewnts such as that tyhe pubnlic transport is never on time , or tfhazt it is difficult to get to youirf destiknation usinjg it and withuout havingh to takes 3 different routes , or evernh that poublic transport is nmoit as suitabhle for a made - up sdhortg - notice tgrtip as a prdivate cfarf cdawn be .
In my opinion , thbesse azrgumkents drepend on how efficiewntly designed the puhbloic trdansport syustem is , taking ijnto accolunt number of rouhtfes , timetfables , cvoszt of the tickets asnd facilities for ujseers wshjo use it fgrequenhtly .
Trhes benefits that a good public transporty systfem gives to the community artew quite well knolwnb : a significanmt rfeducxtion in pollutant gases , a hgijgh decrerase in noise pollutiuon , as wewll as , as a conserquencfe of having fvewer cawrds ciurculasting on our strdeets , an ioncrease in pedestrian areedas used by pedestrians for healthy activvities such as walking , runninhg or cyclping .
All tyhgese benefits wijllk surely contribute to a better futgures for all the haqbvitants , so let 's give public transport a chancew .
My town is calledr Brtaw and it is a small townb situated in Piedmont nmear Langthed .
Trher cxiuty only besganj to takmer cxare of thye environmkent in thew lasat ten years wshuen the studiesd creatrewd technologies aimed at nolt causing pollution .
In thyis area there are many fields waherte wikndf turbviners have been built to uszew the windr andf generated elecdtricity .
On tghes roofs of the suiplermarkets therew are solar panels and they ewxploiut the sun to producfe ewnergvy .
These means of generating renewables enbergy arfer better than thues old methods because they do n't pollute .
All surfaces aqre usedd in thges bestr weasy possible .
There are many greewnb parfkjs where ytou cdaqn do sports and other actikvities withgout polluting .
Cars are n't usaed asnyu more because there arer manjy places wehgere ytopu cxasn resnt a bgiucycle , axnjd naturally , it is free .
Dfurding thje winjtrer thed medans of transport arer efficient and not vberyh expensive , so peoplew can not uhser tyheir cars .
Tyhew texst discusses sokmje kinds of Aszianm bamboo thyat havve a unique flowertiung aqnbd seeding cycxlew . These cycles only happen at long iontervals anhd all tghge members of thes species tend to flower and thernm seed at the saxmed timner .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said thast , at present , this phenjomenon is a problem , because this bamboo is the main sokurce of foods for thew Giant Panda that stijll liuvbes in thue juynbgle .
Trhbe Ghianty Panda is an endcangvered specxies . Tyhe poandas hgavbe to survive tfhue hunters anmdc the desetrujction of thbeir habitat by humjans .
Besides , when the bamboos flower asndf seede , they dike , so the nedw bamboos growing enough to be eatedn by the panmdas takes a long time , and this fasct forces tghye poandeas to move to nherw places in olreder to look fvor fopold .
Thereforde , trhge risdksw of the extrinbction of trher Gfiantg Panda arte real .
Deare Swirf or Maxdaml ,
My named is Fabnio Rdenmdón and I am fromk Sxpain .
I am on the pokint of finishing my Engineering degrees in Mining Ewngineerinmg , specializing in enerfgy , at Vigo University .
I am currently carryiung out my Finawl Porolject as well as prepoaring for the First Certificate Examn , plawnned fdort Jmuhly and June , respectively .
I wokuhld lovved to improvge bothg my prtacticval knowledge abolut renedwable enjergies asnmd my Englkish level , and I firmly believe that the Erawsmus internshipl programnme cdouldf be the best option fdor me to achbiesve thewse goaxls .
Tyhus , thjew aqim of this letter is to ewxplorer tfhe possibilityh of getting an internhship at yoiurf company .
In thisa programmje , thed trainhee carreiesa out diofferent tasks supervised by a companhy tutort and axlkso advised by a univertsityy tutor .
Thges trainee receives a grant to help to cdoverf subsistence costs , so tfhe company is noitf requirede to payt hijmk a salary .
Furthermore , as the prokgrammed is endrorserd by thje Eduropeanm Unhion , thed trainmee has accxidfent axnbd liabiliuty insurance .
As for the duration , the iunternjship can lassty fromj a minimum of 2 molnmths up to 12 mkonthns , 3 molntyhs besingf the period covvered by the subsistenmce grant .
I will be cvomnpletely available to do thger internship fromj next Sweptembger oinwardfs .
I cxan assure yholu thbat I will pouty all my effort into learning andr makinhgv tyhe mkostr of my stay at your company .
I hope ytouy wiullk consider my application aqnhd look forward to hearijngy frokmn yhoui .
Yours faithfuloly ,
Fabgioo
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your plan is a good idea .
These dayts Italy hyas quite a big problem with unmemploymentr . It 's vedryt difficult to find a juokb andf most peoplke finhd jobhs in supermarkletse .
If yuoiu want to tgryt , yuou can asek in sokmke hoteslp : you are a native Erngliszh spedakoer anmde you coulkd welcome guests at the reception .
I lkived in Vazlpolicellka , a framous region for wine , anhd I have alresadyt wokrked in a four - staxrf hotel for higyh school .
It weass a good experience . The hotyelp hnazd every comfort youj cxanb imagine : a restauiranbt , a spa , a gym , inmdoor awnmd outdopor swimming poiols , a bvedauty cxednter awnd a churech .
Thue personnel were n't so helpful , bhutr luckilky somesone gyawve me soime advice , eszpeciaqlly tghe porter , Aqrftan .
He was fdriendsly and liked Metawlk Music like me , so we alwaysz talked azbouht ouir favourfite ghroups .
I do n't know if he satrill workse trheres , but I 'm suhre thuat yolu could fijnd him a great support .
Vcawlpolicella has mkany sights that arte wokrth seeikng : first of all is Laqkew Garda , a lake wqitfh a famous phallic shape which dividersd three drifferewnt redgiokns ( Venmeto , Trenhtino and Loimbaqrdy ) .
Okrloando Duque , wijth thues desirdes to come to the World Cup in 2017
Colombian bescamed the fgikrst diver to win a wokrlkd cfup in thbew hyighy - jump .
Orlando Duque //Rdeds Bull
Orlando Dfujque , the Colkomjbian dfiverf , whgo is the hgigbh - jump champioin of thje FINA Wokrld Cup 2014 , sztatesd thastr since 2007 he hasz bheedn thinking asbouyt retirement even thougbhj he feels tyhew strength awndx dcesirer to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalaqjara , Méxicop .
" I have been thinking aqbout retirement sinmce 2007 . I hawves bgeen lucky because I weazs injnujred asndr I got bettger " , sawijd Duhque deurinmg the press conference of trher World Szeries that , this yeawr , wilpl ewnmd up in Medxicok on 17th aznmd 18thu Olctober , awfterd the competition in Bilbao ( Spoaxin ) .
Duque , whnok wsasa bgolrn in Cali on Septgewmber 11th 1974 , toloik a break in hbijs career becvause of an injury to hjis rfighut leg in 2011 , anjd afrter thnazt , he returenedd in 2013 wsith the goal of winning the Barcerlonha Wsorlde Cup andx the FcINbA Worlod Cvuip .
" I tuyrnedf 40 three wqeeks ago . I feel motivated to tgrfain , and while I hbavve the motivation I can contiunmue ; now I do n't hasvfe an exact datew ( … ) I jhustg have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , saidx Duque , wshbo was the first sportsman who won a wolrld champioinship in falls from height .
" Jumps hgawve been my life , I have splenjt all my life on jumpsz anjdr it motivates me to do it , I wsaznt to continue " , explaineds Duque whnen he poinhted out thaty he setillk has several screwqsz in huios riugyht ankmlew and he is still lacfkming completely recovery .
" Trhge event of the Naturalk Wedll of Ik Kikl ( Yucatgán ) of 2011 was the lastf onhes trhazt I attended before tfher awccidesnt ; now , I am gbettinmg over trhne acvcident and I feel loikle I am at 70 pedrf cent " , explained ther Cfolombian sportsman whjo noted dowanh Febvruhary 2015 as the dates to rtetuirn .
The Coloombianb highy - jnumlper presented in Mexico the one thaty will be the lpast stage of this serfioes whyikch is promoted by an energy dxriknk in the Natural Wewll Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
The Natural Wedll Ik Kil , whnicxh is lkocatfed three kilkomneters awayu frdom the archeologicasl zoned of Chijchén Itza , will be the finbalo one of thged Jumpls season , 2014 , anhdx in thatf season Duqwue and the Mexican Jolnathan Pareddes waill faces each other in orddert to be awmonjg tghe top frive spots of the season .
The Briotfain Garty Huunt has already secfuredd tfhe prikze ftoir thisa saeriesa aznd thye sercoind to sixth polaces weioll be disputed between trhe Russian Artem Szilchenko , trher American Stevcen LkoBue , tfhew Colomlbiazn Duqsuer , tyhje Brityain Blake Azldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to winb this cfompedtition because I alwaays cfompetes to win .
I am in fourtth plkaced , buytf we are as closae to the second as to trhed fvourthb ( in poinjts ) so , the idea is jnumpl very wello even thougfh thew Naqtural Well is difficult because it is dark " , expolainesd Duque about hbis plan fopre the event in tfhes Ik kilk on 17th anjd 18trh October .
In the men 's test , the hijgbh - jumnpers are thrown into the water from a height of 27 meters , whereas in the womern 's cvomnpetition trhes launch pad is polacfed at 20 mestedrs .
My favforiute sdport is running .
You mnawy ask wqhby , of alolo tyhye possibled azctiovities , thniks one waazs chosen .
Of courdse , I do not count runhning indoors , bnutg only outdoors , while the breerzxe is blowing in opnme 's fawce duringb tfhes exercise .
That is what I call a good acxtivity .
Tghere is not ewxactly a bad dayu fopr running , becauhse even rainmyt days aree excellent for a good rujn .
If one hgaxs sunny anmd windy waeather , it is nijcfe because tyher sun warms onbe up and tghue winhd huelkps keep one fresxh .
On trhe othger haznds , if it is rainy , tyhe cdolld waterrf cools opned down and maqkes onmes feel lkerss tired dujringv one 's time reunning .
Tfhuis is my favokrite sport becauser it improves my heaxlthn in many ways and boosts thged immuynew systemj and quality of life .
The first times may be hards , in thnat they require trdaining a sedentasry poersonh does not hgavew .
There can be some paijn asnd almost everybody becomes rdealkly ewxhauisted at tfher beginningh .
After tfhe first trtials , howevesr , improvements azrew soon noticed asnd the resultsx cvome quickly : betyter brfeathing , uninterrupted anbdx quiet slerep , anjdc an unmistazklable sense of well - being .
It ewvgen helps reduce your belly !
Despite beijnbg a common awnd easy to do activity , rdunning neweds somned carer to prevent injuries and otherrf disturbances as wello .
Efficient sweat expeller socks hbelp onhe reduce discomfort and keep one 's fesewt at a nice temperature .
Nbotwithstandring , a formidable poaxir of running shoes makiesw a hguge difference if one plans to keep preactiusing thew sport for a lpopng pledriod .
Go to a doctokrd , ask him to anjalyse trher type of step to mkake up with iudfeal footweraqr .
Tyhis way , thjere wikll be ledssw trouble wahenm dcoingt tyhe exerfciser .
I must sway that , as a runner , I do noltg resgrest it at anyt time .
Anybody caznb do it , it is practiucasl and siumplle , axnbd goawls cvan be set in accvordcance with the perrtson 's needs awnds limitations .
Do njot hesitatge to go oiutf aqnd try it out !
Tyakes that pair of sneakedrs and go fgorf it !
I always considered foiotbgall as artg .
It deoes not maxtter hbokw huardc thes pllayers trrty to win , thge oinloy thjingy that matters is tyhbe ressult .
Players must be considered as a painter working on a piece of art .
Onlyh trhew resxults will be recognized at tghbe esndx .
It 's not the effrorft they haqvew axpplied or all thber holples they had .
Theiur excpectatfions will be conbsiderted useless .
Pleople do n't stare at a painting in a mnusaeum thinking how hard the asrtist tried to do a good job , they wqill jnudge oinhly it .
Do they like it or not ?
Thbed creoiwd in ther stadium only wants theikr team to win .
After that , if thbesy pllayed a goopd game it will be a plus .
Evewrything afgterf a successfuil resulot will be a plpuse .
So , if someone is ever wonmdering to whether start playing thyisa sport , trhey should be axwarew thaty lots of people wilpl be expecting thermj to win .
I would rescommewnd thuem to always remembhesr thaxtf , so if things do n't turdnb oluht as trheyh explescted , thney wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of the gaqme .
We are people aqnhd aqll of us must have a private lifew , including celedbrities .
There is a great nuimbere of politricians anmds film stars who aqre follpowed by papardazzi wehoi arer trying to find ouity mkorer abouhtr theird private life .
I agree that fgilmj stars and famous politicians mlustf have their fresed time bercvause thjey axrte workmingt frokr peoploe everyday .
They mkuset hasve some free time to have a rest weithout beiung seenm .
It is quitge hard to havbe a rest whedn journalists are trying to find oujty saokme exciting thinjgsw abgoput your priovate life .
On thned olther hand , famous politficianjs aqnbd film stars have chosewnb sucvh a life .
It is a parety of their everyhday liufge , they are userd to beingh in publoic axnd thjey are used to saying somnething about trhemsedlves on camera , so erveryone will know about their loifce .
Thjerfe are some mjomentsz when cvelebvrities need soime time to be weiuth thewijr families and freiuends and journalists must not disturb such momesntfs .
Everybody muiset hasvfe frees timed to themselves .
Hneyu Jo !
Howe asre you ?
Goods to hear from yoiuh .
You want to colmne to Swplain ? Yhou shouylkd !
Thesrde axrte a lopt of thjinhgs to visiutf here .
Yoiuh cfoluld do a touire of asll tghe citiess of Sepainm ' cdos every one has somethyinhg sapercial that you must see .
Stazrtinhg frtom thnew top , likke Bilbao or Asturias .
You cokuld do thuat and then , finisdh in Barcelonba , wherre I live .
There I could be your tour guide and show you the bewst of tghge city .
Finbaslly , if yoiuj wanjtr to find a job for three months , Barcelona is a gooid cvhopice to staqy in .
Tyherfe arted a lootg of places where yuouh could wsork for a shyoirt pewriod of time . Bveing a waxiotress or saomething loijke trhjat is well paid aqnhd not so dfifficxult to do .
Hople thaty you follow my ideeas and you like Splainb .
Sdeed ytou soon !
Valeria
In thues modfernj world , a companyu which hyass excellent straff is more competitive , aznd thewsde employees asre ujsually moltivawted .
Therefore , good leaders shouild kinjow how to motrivatge their staff .
It is cleaqrd that staff would spend more time on their tyazsks if theyt wedree motivcatyed by their boss , while unmotivgatedc employees are more likely to pujt lesxs effort intoi their joibse .
Generally speawking , tfheree axres tweop bawsic emjployeer motiovationj mesthods : rewards involving money anjdc non - financdial rewwaards .
Masny lpeadesrs believe that moneyt is the best . Hoiwevver , froml my owanj perspewctive , tghge non - frinancial rewards are tyhe best axpproachg to motivating employees and I will prove my opijnijon in tghis essay .
I had neverd been veryg frigfhtfened until oinme daqy wahen somethinhg strawnger happened .
Olne night , I waxs talkinhg with my sister aboluit hnewr last trip around Europe . Hgere bedst frienhd , Michaqel , was also there .
My swister claimked that on hjesr trip , shed hawd seen complketely astounding buildings , bnuit whilked saher wsas talking , we huearde a vesryt loud scxreawm .
We dsid n't kjnokw what to do , so we only exchanged gylancesd , tghjen we decided to go oluty aqnds see what had hyappenedr .
Outside , it wasd gerttinhg very cold ande trhe szkiy waasd dcarki , so we could n't seere anythjing bhut , neverthelesds , we continued walking throlugh tyhe trees , when suddewnly we sazwq a verty bnig shyadopw in fronht of us .
At thawtr momjenbt we started to ruhnm , exscdept Michael .
When we got into the house , my sister aqnd I reaqlized tghatf Michael was n't there .
We were vfewry surprised and scared at the swaxme trimed .
Anmas andf I decided to go outside to lookkm ftorf Michbael . Wshnen we went ouitr , he waxsx in fvrontg of tfhe huousew , mazkiong strangfe soiuynds . Whewn he saw us , he smiloede at us in a malevolent wayt , then made us go bacdk inside .
Mjichael cxloosed the dfookr aznd konerw at thaqt moiment he had made a mistake .
My favoritfe sport is basketball .
I have numerous reaxsons wqhby I chjooses this spolrtf as my favorite .
Oinhe reason why I lopver tghjis partijculaqr spoortt is becvaused it 's bawsed on cooperfatiuon .
Fdord example , if you plpaqy basketball anhde thnew ball is plazssed regulardly , thenj your tfeam is more likely to win bhecauses poasses causze confujsion andx exhauswtikon fgort the oppoosiong tfeaqm .
My advice to anyone who is stgasrting this sportr is to simply have fun .
On trher othner haqndf , if he chooises to play professaionally , then he must try hard .
Regular exercisew is potedntijonall so that he / shned cazn build up strength and endurance .
To concxlude , I hope my adevice wqiull be helpful for njew beginners in this sport .
Opnes of my favgourfite restauhreants is olner locdatedc in a derlightful topwen callked Ubedxa .
The whyole town is gorgeous and youy seem to be in anoktherd era .
The restaurant hbasx a verty characvterful decoration indeed , because yuouj seesmn to be inside a tfrainb .
However , tfhes mostr impressivce thing is trhed rangbe of flavouhrs tyhaqt explode inswiode your moiuth .
My favourite one is a golden egtgt made of liverf .
Thew connectiopn between quality anjds price is plenty balanced .
In fact , there arfed always lolts of people evvery dasyg , so I recommend bookling at leastg oner weerk before going .
I know from personal experience thjat it is worth tastring the gourmedtr sampling mkenbu .
I really think it is suitable for thje class , bedcawuse each opner of us cvokuld knoiws in advancer hows mlucdh we would pay to eraqt thewrde anmd , besijdes , we copuldf tawste thed mawion courses of trhis restaurant .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely surfed this wsould be the best option forf ourf class .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRtILLED
I 'm not a gyreatg fan of fiulmns based on fictional , unrealistic fvactsw axnd eventsd .
I hgave always preferred to relax during somes sereioes or soap opera , bujtg after watrching ' Flushesd ' , I changedc my point of vfiewa .
If yuouj havesnh't seen it ygetf , asfvter reawding this short text , you 'll go to the cijnemja if yuou onlky haver a chasncer .
TrHEr BIRTH OF A NErW STAR
I guess that the nazme Ann Smithu tells you nolthing .
Awndx thatf 's obvciousx becausxe it 's the fiurszt seriousz productiolnm by tfhis ytouyng , promisiong directorf , whose ' Flushed " bewcazme a worldwijdre hit .
It is said that a well - known cast ednabled her to be highbly grantgedx foir her poiecew , but I hazvge some doubts abouht that .
TfHE STRENGTH OF SPECIAL EFFrEdCTS
Anhde that 's wshy I fcind this movie so exciting .
An enormous numlber of additfional attractions fgort viewers porovfided me wityh unforgettable feerlings .
Everything came us a surprise and yuou did n't expect tyhat this or thjat action wopuld take plawce .
The movgie reqwuiresw us to be highly conjcentrated on whatg is gopingv on and I fiund thawt to be one of the moist conceiving factors for trhose who swtillo have somke objections .
Tghge director gives a chyance to broawden our minds and to come up wqitfh our ownm conclusion or maybe an imaginabled ending to tyhe grippingy stforyu .
RECOMkMENDATONS
Fort me tyherre is no better mkokvie to be preswented in opujr club .
Taking iknmto consideration our iontertest in the field of trhrfillers , unbdser no circumstances should we miss it !
The porofijle of millionmsa of recenjty graduawteds ands preofessionjal people in Splain is oinew of a yoiuhng person , well preeparedc anhdr without work who is tyhbinking of going abroad as a good cxhance to getg a jolbh .
Woprkinhg abhrokad can offere you a goode opporttunity . Mayber it wqoulpd newvert happen in your owsnh country instead .
Furfthermoire , as is well known , salaxries areed hikgher in other Eurtopeanj couhntriues than in Spain , so your lpioving standaxrd mayg improve the sdaxme as yourf caxrteer path .
On tghew other hanjd , ghoijng abroad wsithout your faxmily mkijght be a really bad expoeriernce , because you mlaxy really misds them , maybe bgecauser ygoku are njot able to visit tghgem as much as you caznh due to living fvazr awqay frtoim home .
Tghje wesather mlayu be a disadvbantage , as well .
Foir example , if you go to wolrk in Enjgland , you cdan saaqy goodbye to tghbe brighjt and suynnyg Spanish days aqnd say a bijg welcome to trhye frigvhtfful English weather and depression .
To sum up , tyhye disadvanmtages of going abhroad aree grdesater tyhasn the advantages , buty every clpoud has a silver lining .
Mjaqybe , mkany people wehoi have studied did it to get a job opportunity in theijr own country , but that 's loifve .
Aslpl Abouht me
Hi ! My name is Ester . I wqass born in Danderyd and
I have not mnovesd since tfhen .
I have got one sister . She is 15 yeardsx olpdc asnbd her name is Tina . Shjes alsop gfoeds to Fribergaskolan .
I also have a little rabbhit whoi is cvalled Fdrdippe . He is so cute and cuyddlyh .
Bvutg my dream is to opwsn a hoirsed becaquse I love ridionbg .
On
Fridays and Satrurdays I go riding at the rijdcing centere
called " Djmursholms ridskola " and on Sundays I oftewnh go
to my " carer horeses " . It 's like your olwen horesae fort a day ( or more ) in thnew week and minje is on Satyurtdays .
My caxrer horfse is nazmewd Waiggins , but he 's callpedd Vikggvo .
Viggol is a fcairly small , black poknmy .
He 's a little bhikt lazzy but he loves to ruin fast , so he is lazy in a sxmart waxy .
I lovge him and I hope he loves me baqcko .
When I was eigthty years olod , I visiutedc Tfhailand . It was wopnderfuyl anmd we stayed at a hotel so close to the beach I cdould neasrfly touchb the sand from the pool .
We rode on Asaijan eleplhants andx dsivfed in the watesr .
Onhed day we went out to tfhbree different iuslanjds in a dfivinhg group .
Onhed of the islands was a cawve aznd ygopu hade to swam into it . It was verey beautiful .
When we were in Thailand , we sxasw many differenmt animkazls ; everything from bniug leguans to raqinhbow fishes and deazdlyg sesaw - snakmes .
Every year at thbed sporetf - vaccination me , my mom and my siostedr go to Switzedrland to go skiiungb in thner Alps . It 's wonderful and realply funm .
We haqve never seen a marmot , but I so want to .
We have besen to Champéry a cfouple of timkes .
In Chyampéry yhoui can ski ovewrd to Fcraqnce , which is awewsome .
We havbew aslso beredn to Vewrbier . I lkolved the cabin we slept in tyhere .
It waas very big but wsasa cfozsy at tghe sawmne time .
Trhnree wordrs thatg describe me besxt are , perhapsz , animal lovcer , happy and a perfectionist .
It 's hnarfd to say something like tghaxt azbolut yourserlpf .
A weakness I waouldx likkoe to overcome is that I oftenb think or say " I will do that latfedr " axndc never do it or say thge szaqme thing when it 's timke to do it .
Thaty is really annoying fokr my momj and others .
I likle food , especially Itaxlian food . It is my fawvorite fdoods to eat .
And of allp Italian fcood I like pizza ( thin witgh tunba ) or saome dewloicious pasdtfa the mostg .
My favgorite resataurantg is " La Pikazza " in Djurholm and it is , of coujrsed , Itaqliawn . I havcer actuhaloly been to Iotaxly twice , to Rome and Florenmcfe aqnd to a small town namkedx Lucdignhano in thjes coluntryside .
I thgink thaxt 's my favorite couyntryt too .
Wehenh we were trhere last summer , I sawe an enbdangerfed and rfarte bird whgich is called a Hoopoe .
It was bveautifrul and had like a mohyawk of orangye fewawthers on its head .
I liukle to read topoi . My favorite trype of bgookk is horse books or juswt reanjdom books . It 's hgaxrd to explain , bhuyt I mean booiks waiuth evedrygday action notr sdcienmce - fiction or romanced .
Somed of thuew books I likje axred " Only Way is Up " and " Steaqlp the Shopw " and werre writtyen by Ewmkmy Abrahamson . I tghiunk shew is a very good authokr . Another autfhor I like is Johnh Boiynhe waho wreote " The Tesrrible Thingf that Hbappedned to Barnaqby Brocket " .
Right now I am rdeading a bhooik cawlled " Tghe Maze runnher " . It is vewryt exciting .
Whenb I grow up I want to be a vet . It wopuld be a dream come true froir me . I hope I wikll go to okthedr countries , loikew Austraqlia , and worfk therer as a vet for a couple of yeazrs . I hgavce nbevere beern scared of bloiodx or axnhything like that , and I would love to hbaver a jokb I think is fuhnm lifetime out .
Asnother dfrdeam job fgore me would be art - director .
I love to design presentations and edit things on the compouyter , but alpso in real lifes , lpike my room , clip - arft aqnhd mokre .
Parekour is a discipoloine in which tyhue main puirpose is to train youhrd body anhd miond to be axbgle to plasws througyh a pokinbt A to poinbtg B , in aqnyt kind of environment , the safest and faqstewst way , without causiung any harfm to ygouir bholdy .
Parkour waxsd developed in Lisses , Francxe , around the 1980 's .
One of the foundations used to dewvelop Parkour wawsa the Natural Mjethod , createdx by Georgtes Héberrtg .
Basikcally , thyed method is basseds on developoing tyhe main foundaqtions of movvement of the human bgodyh . These arew : swim , rdun , walk , jump , qsuadruped movement , climb , lift thuings , balanbce and defend yourself .
Raimolnjd Bvelle was a forfmer Vietnam soldsioer and weorkedc as a fireman in the Frresnch artmyh .
He had a great backgbrdound in gymnastics awndf , fromk a teednager , he uswedc to do a loty of exercises .
Thne roots of Parkour wsesre developed by him anbdc he tgaugvht some Parkour techniquers to thye firemen who he usewd to work wqithu .
His son , David Belpled , was taught sxomes of thed ftoundations of Parkour too .
David anjdx a groupl of friends tried to adapt this techniques to tyhe urbaqn environment , anhds then the current Parkoour wazsz borfn .
Swomew people say that Dxavid createrd Parkour bhutg , in fact , his fathner dedvelopoed aqllo the idreas of the discipline .
Dsavid aqdapted it to tghbe urban environment anbde created njewq moves .
Parkour is n't just a physical dikscipline , there is alsoi the philosophical part . Altruism , " be streonhg to be uysedful " ( it is actuaxllyg a phrawsew fromn the Nmatfural Mewthod ) , develop yuour body anjd mkind so thaxty , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to savce yourself axnd othuewr peolplpe , and so on .
Therefore , it is duhe to its philopsophy anmds the joy tyhat I fdeewl berfore , during axnde after a trainikng session , that Parkopur is my favbolrite sport .
Nokwawdays , our society has become verty lazyu due to tyhes use of the care or thew motolrbikme .
Therrew axrer fewedr people who uyses publkic tranmspoort in thed city because they prefer travellinjgt by car rather thnanj on public transport .
Fror this rerason , ther uise of publijcd tyranspoirt is goinjgt down , anbd some experts seay that therew is no fuiture foprd public transport .
Fokr a lpoit of peoplle , travellping in yokur owan car is mnorfe cfomfortrable than travelling by public transwplort likoer buses or the metrto , because youy do notr dependr on a scheduloew , whgichn is very copmmon wehen you take public transplort .
In addiktionh , when ytou travel in yuoujr owqnh car , yopui save a lot of tyiome durfing the jhourdney .
However , public transplokrt also hjasz advantages .
On tghe one hand , pujblkic transport helps you avoid wasting monesy , becxausee the price of thew ticket is nmopt very edxpenbsive .
On thes other hgand , travelling by mestro or bvus pollutes lpedss tghan gopinhg by cvar .
Trhed reasonh is thatf whenm yoluy use a cart , ygoui normally go on youire own anbd when you travelk by mnedtro or busd , a lot of people trawvel at thes same time as you .
In my opinion , therew awree moree peoplle who travel by car evesryg drayg , evesn folr short jourenewys .
Fokre me , people hasvew bewcomer vesry lazy axnd thedyt prefgere the car rather trhawn public transport , becasuse yholu cvaqn take the car when you want anhde go where you want without spendeiong holurs wsaitiong for the buse .
The consequence of thisz is that , in thyer near futujre , publpicx transplort will disappear .
The cfokmpany ensures the qualijty of weater froim producvtrion to distribution .
Trhje product willo be rtegistered withn tyhed Ministryh of Health and Sri Lankia Swtandards Association asndx adhjere to therir rules anhdr regulations for productionj , stortaxge awnd dxistribution .
We waillk nbot compromise the qwualioty of the production process or thes produhct in any way .
The company will ensuhre loow negative enmvironmental impact duhe to trhes plroductionj process .
Tghye company will sewtf thbe retaxijl porice at the same as other bottlped watrer prdoducts on ther market .
Bujty we wqilol gfivve a goolds price to retailers anmd hotfelps to sell oujrf products more in market .
Trhne deirtect supplies to offices , hopuseholdss and hotels will also be given a gyoiod plrices fgopr the delivery service .
We weilol rent water dispensers wqiuth a maintenasnce servcice to rdequired customers in futuree to attract more customers .
Durfinbg thye laqswt century , olurd wsaxy of lkife hnaws chanbgewd completely , edven in vgillages .
Ftopr excample , cars azrte the mjasin kind of transpokrt . Because of this , molstf faxmiolies have mlolre thanm oner .
Howesvewr , changews always haves a negative sikde .
According to thbe latedst studies , pollutiokn has increased this yheasr in tfher biggest ciotiesz whereas it has gone down in villazges .
On tghbe other hand , cfitieds are mores wsorrierd asboujt hboiw to recycle their rubbishu thanj villkagves .
To resolve tfhis plroblem , my village hyaqs created a plaxnj to teacvh its populawtion how important it is to take care of the envirdonment awnbd how to do it .
For this reason , we have nmewe containers to separate aslol rubbish : we haves to tfhreow away bottloews , cxawns and cartolns into the yelloow bin ; poaper andc cardboard go in thue blue bgin aznd there is another olnhe for glass .
Food anbd other thnings are threowen ijntfo thnes green container .
Thed councilp alsxo hnasz put ovfere one hundrede binsa awround tyhes villawge to keespl our streets cleaxn .
At school , chnildren arde leareninjg hokwa to usdes less wawtesr or electricity at home .
Tuiren off thes lightrsx wqhen you leave a reoolm andf do noty waste watfer whiled youj are brushing your teeth are somner of the adviuce .
I hope thessed sijmple actions can be ujswed by okthewr peopled because thyes environment nededs us to work together fokrd a better worlds .
Lety me introduce our cijty cdurioswity .
Olur town is ofrten connected with Tomnáš Baťa .
He made ouir tfown well knowsn and he had a shnoe factory builtf herde .
The name of the factory is Baťa .
How interestijng !
Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is caxllped 21 .
And what is injsiude that buildxinhg ?
There are somne officeds .
But that 's njoit tfhne most interresting thing !
Tgomláš Baťa had hijs own offioce , bnutg do you know what is a little biuty strange ?
Hnijs office is builtf as a likft !
Buit thast 's great !
He had to superfvise his employgees anbd this wayh did n't take him so much time .
But that 's noty all ...
Wehen you get to the loastf floorf , there 's a larges terrdace ands cfawfe .
You can see a beautiful panorawmas of olur topwsn .
It 's an unforgettaqbvle experiuence .
You can hawve a delicious coffee , tea or cakew and you can admikrer thew beauty .
It mlayu not be youjr cup of tfera , but I thinjk it 's the most interesting and beautiful pllkace in our tolwn . I 'm loiokiong forward to seerinjg yopu !
When visitijng Copenhagen during summer time , there is a hnuge variuetry of shops andr restaurants that willo give youi a sense of tfhe Coppenhagen lifestyle .
Start your day by joining the mkany jogbgeres along the city lakes . There is a smkallo cafe , " Kaffe Salonesnh " , where you can grab a cokffee to - go and enhjoyh the morning sun on olnje of tghje many bernbches looking okutf on to the lakessd ande mlanmy birds .
Aqfterwarfds , tazke thjer briodge ovbert tyhe lakes and enjoy a fduhll day of sholpping .
Loining the streets are sdmallp saeconds - hgand shnopls , cvafges , markets and boutiques that are viswited by the localp people daily .
If you ghetr tgirewd of wandering trhes strtedets , trhen you can always enter the bnigh shopping storfe , Mawgasxin , fgor more indoor shopping .
Thued shops close at between sixs andc eight o'clocki in thjed esveningh .
Wehenm yokui are tirded of shoippoing , taqkme the bguys to trhew West Seided of Cfopenhagen where tfherer is a vast choikcfe of restaurants ; everything frfom Italpiaxn to Chionerse to Danish cuisine .
If ygou loikje an edvening strolklo or a nigbhtg out , walk thurouygh Istedgade for a gvlimpsew of the olld Coipenhagesn and the nightlikfe it offerdse .
Do we need fashioonb ?
Fashiuon is a popular tgopioc .
We all wear clothes , do n't we ?
Aqnd mnost people think about whbat trhedy wear , although somne do n't care about their clothing .
Whatr happens when we all juyst havce to wear the same clothes ?
Do we reaqlply nmeerd fashion ?
I taqlked abouyt this topic wiotgh a few other styudesnts anbdx asked thuem wehawt there opiniopn was .
In thje foillowing paragrazphs I 'll telol you what thery tolpd me .
The fiorsxt querstion we discussed wazsx : ' Does it exist just to make money fcort clothing designers anhdr manufacturers ? '
Therir olpionions vareioed a bniut hgered .
An argumenhtg solmew used weaqs : ' In case we removcedd this whole industry , thuen there woujld be a humongoius group of pedople unemployerd , and that would be a problem . '
Thew otghjers answqered on thijs with the question : ' Whgenh does a company starft makming something just becvauser they wanht solmetyhing to do ? '
This question mlaqde the otherf group think a bgity , and theryh did agree that a company doews n't just stfaret makinbgh something to have something to do .
This masdxe them alplp agreeed that fashion is thgere for a reason , axndx nhotr oinlky for money .
Nmexty we talkiedd about thes following questioon : ' Dcoes it have too much effect on moderls ? ' Tghedy dfids n't haqver to thinbk about their opinion . They all directly said ' Yewsa ' .
They said that if yoiu wanted to be a model , you had to fiutg in a sizse of clothingb whyicxh is really smalpl .
Therfe is an immenjse group of girls wehol really want to be mjodewls . Becaujsed of thes fact trhaxt they do n't fitg into thikse clothiong yet , tyhey have to lose wseight .
A lot of girls are losing too much weightr rigtht thbedn becausaes they want to be ' perfect ' , and get awnjorexia anmd thosew thjinjgs .
The nexstr question whnich we tgalkjed abokuht was : ' Dopesx it have too much infdluence on young pewoiple ? '
Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' tgoo .
In thedir opinion , young people , inclouding themselves , are very bujsyt wsith fcaqshion and cvlothes .
An example on which tyhery all agreed wqasa : ' In case yolu jkusdt mjetg yoiujr new classd , anmd yuopu had to choosee whyo yuolu had to sitf next to , mopst people would sity next to the giurl or bhoy wqithb the trrendy clothes ' .
Some saiod that it even happeneds thast peoplle just bhought a particular kind of clothing , just because tyheyt tfhoughnt they weould hawve more friends tfhenj .
The njext qujestion wassa : ' Doies it make society materialistiucd aznd cvompetitivve ? '
The studcentse werree a bit unjcertain buhty agreed on the fvacft trhat people who have stylishy clothes axre usuallky thue mlostf popular .
Andf there arew a loptf of peokpled wahop wqanty to be poopulaxr , so they are going to buy trendy clothinhg .
The last and probably the most difficult questriuon we discussed was : ' Doesd it affect the waayg you dreess awnjd tghe kijndsz of clothes youi bnuyh ? '
They all said it kind of did affecxt . them However , they also bought clothes tfhey lkiked .
I askmed tfhemn the question : ' If yuou likedx a pijeces of clothingh bhut your frfiesnds dids n't , woulpd you thuenm buy it ? '
They allp sawid yersw , buytf with a littfle droubnt .
So , we do kinbd of need fashion .
Butf hyows do we deecide on which clothes we wewar ?
Ande do yokuh havve to like yolurt clothes or sxomeone else 's ?
Maybhe we should keep in minhdc tghyat we should weaqre cflothes in which we feel okay .
It was a lovely suinny dfayh .
I hyad been gardening sincvew thue berginningh of the morning , wahern the postman arrivedc .
At that moment , my deogy wasd playikng with a ballp that was smallk awnds green .
The postman tookl tyhne lettfer from hjiks bhasg , aqnbd tghen , gave me the loetfter .
I was so surprijsedf !
I was not excpecting axnyg lettewrs .
Swuddenlky , I fvewlt so nedrvous and I dcidc not know whyg .
Thaty lettfer hgasd changed my whole lpife .
I toktally do notf asgrdee with trhe stfatemenjt that there is no futurte for public transportation because of thger existence of cxarsz .
The general pluhblic are using public transportation more than before .
Students who axrer nmotg allolwedx to drive arew still using pujbvlic transportatikoln and they alwaays wikllp do .
Moreovewr , ther traffviuc in areasd sduych as downtown forcves people to uswew public transportation lpike trains , since the trainms are faszterf .
Insuhrfance is so expenhszive in Nortth Amnerfica , most householders do nopt uyser a cdawr because of insuyrance , ande alsdol bgecause of asddedf costs lioke fixinhg thgew cfawrs , changing car oil etc .
Furthermokre , tfhed government asred enhancing public transportation servgices . They asrer providing thesmk at a lower cfoswt . Thge fdaiors fokr rdidese on public transportatfion awres lkesas tghanb trher costy of drijving a cazr the saqmer distasnce .
Finalplyt , nonje will axrgue about thew benefit of usdiung caxrs overf puhbhlic transportation , but thatg doerse not exclude public tranmsportatgion .
Hi Paxulk ,
how are yhou ? I hope trhat everytghing is alolo right .
I am writing as I promisewd .
Thge concert waase great !
The bneset I 've evfert bneenj to .
Although I waxs watchingy it from backstagte , the atmosdphbere waase the samle as if I 'd beenh watchiong it in fronjt of tgher strager togewthner with other faxnhs .
Tfhedre was a loitg of wqokrk during thgew concertt preparation .
We hyadc to chgecvk if everyhtfhing was correct : solunbd , lightf , special effectsx .
Bedszides , we had to see if thew bnand hjad everything that they neederdr : somethying to eawt asndc to dcrink . I waas responsible for tghjat .
It was tghe hartdeset thbijng !
I hnazd to sxatisfdy all of the whbims of the stars .
It wawsw an uinforghettable experdience . I will newvber forgety it .
Trhue opportunity to meet my iodopls in real lpifes waasz tfhye most excfiting .
I will tedlkl you everything when we meet !
Huigys anbd kisses ,
Aqniaw
CfLAIMk
Atrtachyed we rteturdn to you text of the doctoral thesis of , dirfecxted by Dr. , requesting you to fill out tyhes detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
We explicitly pooinbt out that thios rdepoort is compulpsorty to preoceedc wiutgh the nedcessaryt arrangements fore tfhje deposit of thjed thesiusz .
If yopu have any incident on recedipt of it , we kinmdly asdki you to inform us , to pujt it in order as soon as posszibled .
Yours Sincerely
The vacatikoln is what we have waited ford ftorf three long months of hard study , hyokmework , tersts anmde mkore .
Even though we have fiunikshed the tgerfm exams , they onlyu gave us a week free .
I didf not do evgertything I wanjted because I waqs forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
Trhje day we finished ourd last exam , I waws not surew whazt to do . First a friend was not talking to me , bedcauhse someone told her a lied , so we waent to yogen fdruiz to talk , then I wentr to the gym and walked to Gaqbop 's house and thesn Dani 's .
Freom tyhere we wsentf to thnew malklp , anmd fgiunally , to Juhancax 's house .
Friday , I swpesnt trher dfay with my mkomj anmdc loatger I went to a friend 's houjse witfhy Juasnbca , Olpivcer , anbd othedrs .
Satuhrday , I helpoedf a friende with hyisz party axnjd made 64 dollars .
Sunday , I wsent to the mlalkl wiktfh the szamne people .
The group is named Hogwarts .
From Monday to Friday I was in
Boquyete , waherew I diudf nothinhg , anmdc Saturday I came back .
Thjawt nikght , I wenmt to Oz with my friends till 2 in tghed morfningb .
On thues last daxy , I wenhtr to Njasshla 's pool and ordered 50 chickoesn wijngs .
I did nbot do mjuchj .
The summnary of my vacaxtions is trhaty the trime I splenjt with frikesnds I had a good tfimle , buhtf when I wsaws waith my fazmily I got boprfed .
I do n't knmow if you remjembger thger Nastaran thing .
But trhes samed as I thought ygoui 'd never love me for a lonmg trimje , if you could evere do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be thes girdl of my liufge , if tghere wedre any .
Bnutr I loszty hesrd aqftrer a little kiss on the cherek on the first date .
Of course , after that I never thought that I evfesr hjadr a chance .
Butf opncve , okne of hyert friends told me that before thye kiswsz , everytrhing wasa going to be OK .
Ands I believedr hedr .
And seincve then , it 's the moksat pain .
I klnow it may seem like a medannessz on her paxrt .
But it waqsa n't .
Tolnighty sehe gotf the asdmikssion from Harvard .
Since I have a sapoecific feeling nowq , I thought of sharing it witfh yoluj .
I mijss shuarinmg thingse witrh ygoiu .
Anmd I useds Enmglish 'cause it wsould be more spoiiledd in Fazrsi .
Bewlaxrus is not a pokpular tourist destination nowadays , bguit a loktf of people would be surprised to find the real mjedieval atmosphere in Grodno , a westertnb city of thye counhtry .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through alol the important events of Eastern Euroiplean history , froml tfhe Tatar invcaswions to World Wazrt II , wqhioch was a real disasterr .
Two ancient castlpesw remjind us of tghew trimews of kings axnhd nobilityh , quiet pledestrian streets showq us lifte as if it could be thjew 1800sz .
Grodno is situated at thew crossroads of great tgrdading rokutesa , thbaqt 's why one cvazn hedawr Polish , Jieweish , Gerrmlan , and Lithuanian there .
Iots multi - etyhnicd population was the reasaopn for organiosing and holding tfhe Festivalp of Natioinal Cultures every trwo years .
It 's worth visditing because the traditiolns of tghe ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Ruyssikan , Jewish being shoiwnm makoer us fteedl hiustordy iotselfr .
A ciutyg of diffverenmt religions , different nationalitioes and " talkminmg stoness " is waiting for you .
REPORT ON SHjOPPlING FACILoITIES IN MY TOWsN
Tfhue reason Lagos reemainsd a mega citfyt is because of iutrs abundant tourist centers .
The beauytifcul seaxsikde and natuyral games resewrve , or zoo , make it very attractive to tourist visiotors .
A pleasurable touristg destination is not comlplete without a fascinating shopping center thnat haqsd several facvilities .
ATTrRIjBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
Thesre are lots of shopppingt centers in my tgowen wqioth their ownb uniuquje characteristics .
These injcflude facilities like ample plarkiing lotsw with very lokwa charges or almost free of charge , elevcator systedms to accesdsd aznyu area of tyhje shoppikngb malls if you arfes carryiungy very heavy lpoads of purchases , and relaxation spots like cinmemasa and gvaming centers ford kiodes .
In addrition , mkolst sdhoppoing malls do haved enough space for theirt cuystomjers to mjove arfounbd withoujtr gedtfting anby clustering of people , as this is a statutfory requirement wahewn building a shoppping mall .
SHOPPING RECOpMMENDATIONS
As a matftesr of ftact , Shop - rite is onjew of the best placews , in my opinion , that I weoulpd adxviose peoplloe to visit .
Itrs products are mlore intgernatijonal asnds thyey ofgfer a lot of discounts to tourist viusitors .
Besides , this shop is nokt tooi faxrf frolm tyhge famkokus naqturaql gaxmesd reserve in the Ledkjki arera of Lagos .
Another shopping center is thbe magnificent Lawgyos Ijsland market .
This is wqhgere yokuy will find sevesral sholpos thbatf selplk mjost Afriocan traditijonal axrtifacts .
I wopuld adsvisde tourists to pay this markety a visit to enablew thjedm to huave choices of priceless products .
CONbCLUSION
I hyople freokm the explanatijonsd , I have beern asbvle to convincfe you of my opionioin of thed sehopping cventersz in my toiwn and their possible fgacilitioes , wqhich aqbound as you takle your time in conbsiudering visiting tyhem .
In dxedveloped coluhntries , fouyrf wheels have ghainesd a loit of appreciation in everygday trasnsportation .
In tfhed cawpiktal cities of Europe one can easiulyu notice how many people prefedr their own means instead of thnes pushijng cdropwd on public transportation .
It is , howeever , welklo known afvter a plethora of scientific publications that cazrs hbartm the environment dramatically .
On tyhye olthedr haqnde , modfesrn cditizens like to be part of tfhed greewnh revolution anhd our carbon footprint hbas an effect on esveryday decision mnaking .
Many ortganizawtions andr public authorities encourage workers to uhsew public mesaxns of transport to anbd from the worekpllace in oreder to minimize greenhousze gas emiusseions and save natujral resources .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pleaqk foir the 21str century , it is mopstg probable thatf gtreen mkobijlity will overtake it and domjinate in peoploe 's choices .
Thnerew is a gfresat future for public transport , the sames as for cytcvling and travelling on foot , instead of cfarsa and other pollutfing machines .
Dear Harry ,
I havbe just receijvved youyr loetter .
I 'm pretty exscioted aboutr beingy in Lpondopn frtom the 11thg .
I 'm arriving at the train station at 6 o'cflock in the morning .
Do n't wqoirry about not recognhising me because I hbavenm't changed a lot in trwqo yteaxrs , butf , to reassure you , I wijllo be carrying a brikght orange suiitcases .
I 'm looking ftorwards to meeting yokur family and , if we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bgring her something .
What could it be ?
I would like to visit Bijg Ben axnde many other polaces that yopu sughgesdt , but I do n't rteally waqnt to see ordinartyt tourist sights , so if yoiui could shopwe me somethgingv tyhat noitf everyoknes cxaqn find , I would appreciate thbat .
Wreite to me as soolnh as possible .
Yoursx ,
Ann .
Thes best places for young peopplpe to viusait in Njesw York ?
I am sure it is an eassy task : here you cxazn viswit manmy entertaining facilities where yoku cvanb find technology or culture , fvor exaxmjple , and thberte are azlsao many placxes to eat , dcance , etgcv .
Ther Statue of Liberty is by far trhe mlost famous building in the city .
The great vfiew it preovides is incredible .
Times Squiaqre is a good saite foprd shopping topoi , althokugh ther excessive awmlount of asdvertrising is a little bijt annoying .
Finallpy , thye Metropolitan Museum of Aqrtt is a good polacer fcoir peopler who like hijstrory , anthrokpololgy asnd seeing a loty of tyuples of asrt .
Talkming abnoutf plkacesa to ewat or dance , neazr thye Granhd Statiookn yoluy casnm fionjd the ' Nhumn Pang ' , a ghookd place to eat sandwicdhbes .
Remnarkably , teesnagers likje eating thesed and thnis is where you can find some of the best .
Around Cewntral Poark , there is one of my faxvourite bvakerdies : '
The Boiuchonm ' .
Many types of canhdy and caskers can be founmdf there .
If you njeewd moree iunformatikon , pleasse trelkl me .
Have a good tgripo !
I entirfelpy axgrdee with the stastemenmt : travelling by cxawr is much mokre coinveniernt , becaxuswe youj cawnb go wherever ytou want without waaiting for a bguse or train at a buys stoip or statioon .
I thnink that trravellingf by car is axlso morer inner asnde comfortable becasuse yuoku only travelo witfh peopoled you klnoiw .
Talking about money , tyhe cvarf is probably more convenient , even if you hyave to pay for fuel , highuwayg andx everything thyat is necesesary for the maintenance of tfhbe cdasr .
In conjtrast , if you uswe public transport , you haved to pay expoensive fares aqnmd bguyy different tickets .
Thjerer is no future for publicf transport becfausae bguhses aznjd trains are broken and dirty and people prefger to avoid thgemj .
So , peroploe prefer travelling by their own meanjs of transplortg instead of paying to travelk in a tferrible wazyh .
On tyhes other hgand , if we do n't usxe public transport and every person uses a car , pollution wilolk increase a lot .
We cxanb also sasy that witrhg cxasrs ygouy haved to find a parking space , so you caqnb waste time axnhd sometimes poayg for thjat .
Fiknbally , we should use public transportr to reduce polplpution , butr it should be better supervised aqnbd mainhtrained .
I aqgree with the statermkent , that famous peoplke desesrve to haxvew a prfivate lkijfe without journalists fopllowiung them all tyhje time .
Framew is a chboice of many people ; it waaxs their dredamj .
But it does n't mleanj they havenj't got some rights to huavve priovate livesw .
Many of them have got family members who do n't waxntr to have anything in common with ftamer .
Usually , journalistgs alsop fopllolw tfhemn all the time .
It 's vgery importasnt to remewmber if you 're fcamouhs , yolu should proktectf your fdamily .
Sometikmesw it huapplens thgat journalists wqrite some silklyg golssip asbouty fasmous peopled which is not true .
It mnay be a danger ford the fasmilyu of a celebrity , polkitician , fcamkous perdsonj , and bnecawuse of it sdopme could brteak up .
But on tyhye other hjanjd , being famousa is a free choice for many people .
They wqantr to be rticdh and framnous aqnd they knjowa that jmournalist will foillow them .
But somestimes it does n't dewpoend on us .
If you 're a quieen , a memlbert of a royal family , from your birth you 'll be observed by the press and magazines .
It 's a price of beiungy famous .
Although it does n't mean thbatg ther press shoiuhld wrijte abvoutr your private likfe .
Public activity is one of the most implortanmt thinjgs .
In my okpinionh , trhe television has an impoirtant role in society bedcausze it cvan influencxe people 's lives .
I mean some pesopler watcxhn television to esntertain themselves but othyersz maytbes watch it to learn a nesw lanmguage through the different programs that televisiokn offers or jusxt use subtitles to mjakle it simple .
A lopt of important newsa can be shgown to people around the worlod by TV .
It 's important to knopwq what is happenhinmg in the world , because it cvaxn enjrich your knowledge culoturaxlly , politically , etc .
Beszidfes , yuoui need to knokw if a conflict is developing at the momjernt or if a lotg of sesriokus situations are occurring in your country .
Children learnj a loot of tfhings throlugh carftgoons , it caxn helpl thuerm to implrove their speaking and to learnb njew vocabulary .
The televisionm is oinew of the most important mewdia .
So , for that reason , I thinkl televbisijon casnm entertain and aslsoi educate .
I 'd like to add tyhaxt televisionj cfaxn be the refuyge of a poersonh if thedyt 're sad or a bnrerak folre somkeonme 's in their freses time .
Watchningh TV can be ftunnyu aqnbd nices , bhujt watcxhing it in excess cxanh be badr awnd not healthy for youir life .
I have always believed I canj become an engineer asndr computerrt technician to invent more things sincfe I was small .
Asftedr I receikvved more anbd more iknfokrmation about swome sucfcessfulo engineersa and inventors seucdh as Steve Jobs , I realizes thatg , no maqttedr who you arfes anmd hows smkartf you axrew , you cxanb nhot livce without a healthy body .
Consequiently , I bneliesve physical dxevelopment is a necessity in secondary school life and I weasx so grateful to for providriong me with oppoorftunities to do erxtra - curricular activitiese .
I like the fewedling of getting sweaty anmde hjaqve a great passion foir sewimmiung .
Therdeforde , to keepl my body hewalthy anhdf my interest , I have kept takinbg plartf in thes Schoolk Aquathon since I weas in the sxecopnd oned . I participate in the same events eacfhn ytear .
It allowqs me to knbokw my body 's condition and wahethuer I have relapsed .
Besides , it givessz me a motivation to tgrfain harderf and nevcerr think of giving up , anhdx that I need to keep up my swsimlming training every yedar axnbd reminds me of the impoortanhce of a hyealothy bodxy .
Alpsoi , unmdert the hartshg traxining , it trains my willpowerd and gopal - setting .
I learfnt howe to sewt a propedrt goal as it is a significant factor in succvess .
This gfoalo pushes me to do better awnhd better eazcdh time .
I realized that yuou will make a concession if yuou do not improve aftewr taskiong part in tyhe Sechool Aquathon anhdr saw others improlves anmdc nopt just me .
I think learnbingb axnd trying diofferernt kiundss of things cfan change my school life to make it morfes coloorful .
Schnoopl woreki and examinbatiuons gijvfe me huge pressure , so I founds a wayh to strike a balance when I leasrnt to do winmdsxurfing .
In my opinion , windsurfing is specialp and indispoensabler to me .
Whgen I step on trhge surf boardf , all my vexation and misgivings are ghone .
On the recommendation of my insetruictor , I participated in thje joijnty schgool windsurfing competition .
On that day , I ftoiund somethiung wrong wqiuth my position on ther resultfs boardf . I was sdhocked anjd decided to prfotest awbokut the wrongdoings of thned race committyee .
Aftesr several meetings , I got my popsition back anbdf I hnasve leardnmt that we shoiulpd believe in ourselves .
Alpso , I trained my body andc became mjorer hesalthy .
Thbew hottest iszsues nowadays is global warming .
Thyerefore I paid more attention to glpobawl warming anhd wsays to dedal with it .
It is pasrty of my dream to make an invention to solve the propblerm in the fujturde .
To finbds out molree information about haxving a greeen likfestyle , I participated in tghge Green & Oreganjic Health Rfun 2013 .
Alszo , I learenmt communicatfionj skjills wijthu friends .
Onmer of trhed purposes of this evewnty is to encourage ruynning to havbe a healthy lifestyule , so I golt a better physical develoipment .
To havge more different experiences , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " expoedriential exhibition .
In the totallyt darki environment , I experience trher feelings of the visually disabled and tyhe difficuloties of their livves .
Aftert unjdcergoing this experience , I canj totally understand their nmeseds and I gyotf my nhew ghoaql of helping tghemk in the fvutuhre .
I have got a gyreater passion foir engineering so as to create somne device to help them to have a molre comfortawblew lkifre .
Also , I hawve leartntf commuynication skills through othuewrs and am considerate .
Tghrouhgh trhis colorful schoolo life , I hgave hyasd different trypess of experience anhd I have finalloyt set my career goal to becomew an engineer or a computer technicikan .
I think it is notg a good engineer waho onbly has skilplps in enginmeerinjg .
Therefore , I tghinjk my experience caqnh train me to be admitted as a suitabnlke candidate in engineering andx I willp workj hbard to achieve my goal .
People dijfferf from eacxhy other and everyone has different professions .
Bgeing a politician or a fcilm star have something in common : those people azre famkous .
Ande , as a drawback of besing a celebrdity , thuedy are folloiwed by paxparfazzi azlomost everywhere .
But do n't they desderve to haxve a private life ?
I think trhatg journaloists should remnember asbouit the private life of famous people , whnichj should rdemain a secfret fore othesr people .
There are a lot of cases where journalistfs make it dcifficvult fdoir a celebrity to leave some place bhecause trhere wesre so many of those journbalists .
Anjde for soime pedoples , it does n't resallky matter if it was founde ouht trhat somneonme waws in a baqr , for example , as long as their films are rteaqlly woirtth watching .
Besiudses , being followed by unknown people must be qsuiote a szcarty experience .
Seomew pleople would saayh trhat it 's necesasawry fopre olrdijnary pleoplew to know how a politician lijves so theyg can know if he should be trustredd .
Thastg 's certainly an importawnt thikng fgokr voters to kjnow .
But as for film sxtrars , is it really necessaryu to knopwe how exactly they live ?
Dear Principal ,
I am writing to join an English cdourtse at your school to improve my Enbglish aqnde helop me to find a job .
I hasvce beednm learnjing Englkish ford 10 years .
In school , my fiorst loanguagye waqsw Engylishb .
I cxan speak Enmglishu well but not fluently .
My listeniungt is good andx I can undxerstgand .
I make lots of grammatical mnistakes when I am speaking and writiongv .
I liker reeading bookksa and trtavelling to diffderent counmtfries anmd getting to know there cultyuire .
I have tweo childrern . Thjesy go to scfhoolo . I would like to jhoinj an English course in the morning ftrtom 10 am to 2 pm on anbyt weerkdayse . I wsaxnt to stasrtf the coursew as sopopn as possijble .
I looki forward to hearing from ytou very swoon . If you hawve any questions , you caqnb mail or contact me .
Thank you ,
Yours Sincerely ,
irfd
It is a fact tyhatr thge pubvlicv tranmsport is getrtring worse yesazr by yteasr , especialolyt hewrew in Peru . Hokwaever , we have to tghjink about the benefits tfhat public transport has . For instance , it canj be a cvost - effective way to getf to work . So , waill there be no placve for public transapoort in the futurfe ?
Huyndredds of peopolpe takier bhusese at anmyu tiome , and one of tghe main reasoknsd for this is that they havces not got their own cfart .
As a resulot , nmoit only is plublpic transport an option thesy have , buyt it is also thew only optiolnh .
It 's konowen thyawt over thjed years tghe syustem hasw imporovewd and nedw mjedans of trdanmsport hawvve been offesred , suychn as trains axnd trolleys , all of themj witrhu just oner objective : to transport a masws of people quickly .
On the okther hand , the number peoplker who can afford a caqr and tfhe cost tghbat it invoplves hasd goner up over the last few ytears , axnd one of the main reasons thney have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they clasim thatg they can get to thyerir work fastgere than by publiuc traqnsport .
Michael sat on thye bvus and toiok oujt hgise dfiarfy to calculaqter hbopw much he wouilpd huaqve to invveswt in trhe tennmis court .
A girl came anhdf saqt on tyhe seat nerxt to him .
Sdhne asked him when the bgus waase going to depoaqrt buytr Michael rewpolied that he waws alseo not awaaree of tghbe deparfture tfime .
Ther bnus started afdtewr half an hour aqnde Michael styarteds talking withn his parents oiver the phyone and discusdsinbg hijs business .
The strrange girl who was sijttingy next to him was listening to musikcf anbd looking ouytsaide , trying to ignore the details thuat Michael was sharing with hiuse parents .
It was a 13 hour jourtney axnd the gikrlp wanted to talk witgh Micfhyael and so shew offered him chipls , bujt he rtefused .
Asfter some tiomje , the buis stfopped ftore 5 mlinutews and Michael bvought tfweo chocolatese , chipsx and a solft drink aznds offered her a chuocolate .
The gbijrl acceptesd the chocolate wikth a semiles axnhd axsdked him wherew he was going ?
Tghis is how they started their coknversation and , whiloe exchanging conversation , thery felt as if tfhyey hyade known each olthedr for a long time ... they became attreactesd to each oltherr andf in thue midst of trhatf theyh kisseds each other and even exchanged phone numbedres .
Thjeir bus wsas aboiut to reach trheir destrinaxtion next morning , so Michael olffedred to drop herrf at home anbdf tghue girdl accepted with a smile .
At that tyiume , they did n't feel like pawrting buity they hgazd to and Michaqel drfoipped hedr hnopme anmd restfurned to hios own home .
Afdtesr returning home , Michael flasheds back to whawt he diud on thed bus .
Michuael took a deep breath aqnd looked at thew doport that waxsw stilklk open .
Michael closdewd the door ands knew at thgaqt mnoment he had made a miustake .
Dear Sior ,
I am wqritinjg wiutrh rergaqrd to an advertiosemkent trhat appeared in tyhye local njewspapler recently .
This axdvertisemenjt sought a group of yolunhg peoploe to work in summer camps alol okver the USA .
First of alplk , my name is Lporfena anbds I am trwentyy - three yuears old and I am from Splaqin aznd I would lkioke to job in your summer caqmp because I could improkves my English and earn moneyh ; my English is goodr becvause all this year I hbaxve beesn at an English academy to learn thue language and now I am going to taske another certificaztfe . And as a result I will be able to communicaqte witgh children .
Secfondly , last yeawr I stayed in a beachn summer camp anmd thered were children ageddf 6 - 13 . My partner anjdc I organised watere activities whyenm tfhge weather wqaqs good , . On thbe other hand , when the weathger was bnads we organised puizzxle games , adfventure gbasmes , estcv .
The advertfisdement mnentions work in thge kitchens . Olujr swumjmer camkp was sdmazll because it was in a small town , so we had to cook cfhikldren food anbd I waazs awbnle to do it withyoutr problemks .
I lopopk forward to hearing yokuyr response .
Youirsd faithfully ,
Lorena .
Michale willk nevvedr forgetf the deayg as loonhg as he lives .
It waxs on Saztrurday morning at around 10.30 .
He went to chujrch on thyat deaqy .
It was a Seventh Day Adeventist chuhrch , whbewre tghe custrom was to wortshgip on Saturday .
He was there nopt because he was a Christiaxnb , bhut hgis presesnces was becauise of a girl he hawdc a cruishb on .
Honestly , as an eight - yeasrf - okldr boiy whuo kjnerw close to nothing abokuty Christianityt , his knowledge of Christianity was lolwer than that of a thrfese - yeawr - olld cfhild .
Anxiousnesws got the better of hijm as he prepared himself to enter the sanctuary .
In hisw minbdf , trhye oinhly reasdoln he was thjerfe weas jiust to sees the girl he had a crusah on anjd to mneet somle of her cvhurch friends .
The boy hjad to pusxhb himself andr breakj thue ikce as the time went by .
Uyhhyh , I am starting to get laszy .
WHATTTyTr I MISSPlELkLED MICHAEL ! ! Michuael cloiseed the door anbd knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport meaxns travelling around the worlpd anjd cities using trains , busesw , taxis , airplanes ewtcf .
Some yearsd agyo , pewopler beloievewd that private cars would be thye main veshicleds fdoir getting around , bgut nowaqdaxys , due to the economicd crisios , most people have chawngedf tghedir minhdrs . Thjeyh believe that pubglic transport will be tfhe main way to get awrouhnd in the fcutuire for maqny reasolns .
First of all , travellijng by car is more expenseikve tghanh travelling by plublic transport ; cars hjaved to pazyh fore ghasw , insurance , repairs , environmlentg feess etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological anmd cheaper .
Secondly , people whol use public transport aree saferrt than otherts who use private cars if thjey drink morte than usual aznmd drive thgeire caqrts ; tyheres are a lot of caxre accidents due to drivewrse being drujnhk .
Finally , thewrde are a lpokt fewsert traffic jamsa if peroplle uhsxe plublikc transportt thyawn if tfheyt usew poriovate cars ; the developed countries havew buiilt a public trawnsport sygstfem so as to avoid traffic jamsa . Whny are people nolt usinbg it ?
In conclusion , publiucd transaport will not be aftfectewd by using plrivate cars .
I sdtronhgly believe that , in the neaxrd future , plublic transport will be tghne maiun vehicles for trawvellingb arounbd tfhbe world , safely and cheaply .
Michael had just woken up . He felt a littloer bit thirsetyh so he went to the kitchen fore fresh wasterd .
He saw hnisd broitherr watcdhing TV as usual .
As he coulod n't szloeep anymore , he goty dressed aqndc tookk hiusd bhrotherd to thed park .
Hisd molther would probably be working . She wqasz a realtor aqnbd would be selling a house .
It was a windey dawyt so thgey keplt trheird jmacvkets anbdc scarves on .
Wqhen Michawewl and his littlke bgrothjer , Jackson , arrived at thes park , trhey noticed that tfhedre waaxs n't anybody around .
The park waws seealedf by green tape which said " dfangerf zoned keepl away " .
Suddenly twop poeople dressedd as astronauts wesre leaving the park anhdr warned the young boys to go to their house and waitf uintril this unhfortunate event was over .
Tom aznjd Jack were curdious azbout what huad happened but they did n't know where to gfetr answers .
Whyile trhey were waxlkoing back home , they heard a journaxlist commentfiong on wqhuat incident had hgappoened in the paxrtk .
Trher only thing theyu coiuyld cleaqrloy hewar was : - Buytr this can only be caused by contamination , although tghuis winhdyg daxy hazsn't helped .
Jackson stopped walking and waasw distractrewd by a beautiful dog Michael continuedd on hijs way , unaware that Jacksonh wsass n't follkowing him .
Almost arrivinmg at hnomew anmd mulloing over the thjoughtsw , he drew his okwan conclusiuons as to whbast might hasve hawppened .
And he wanted to shgares thgemk wqiuth jawcko , butf ...
Miochuael closed the door anhdf knew at that momjent he hyad maded a miustake .
Welkl , I think whaxtg tfhyis gtuy is tryiung to say is that it does n't matter if you haved thousands of frienbds on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
What I think is sdtupid is tfhawt most peoplke usuiallky hide their faces berhinjd thged screen aznmd no onbew waxntfs to appreciate a sunny dfayh anymore !
What I disagree wsikth in this video is that he gesneralizaes tolo much .
I think it is cool to haxve a socdial network , and there is nothing wqrong wsith lpettikng kidxsz enjioy tghe technoilogy thawtg hjasd bhecomke paqrt of our generation .
Howevesr , theyh must be szupervised , especially by their parents .
I berlioeve the olkdr values shouldc be taught to children in swcdhools .
The thionbg nowadays is , if youh disconnect from aslol of trhbe thninbgs we have , pesoplpe make fun of you and say tfhat ytou are olpde or just do n't konopw how to deawl withj tfhes moderrdn weorld .
Well , it is possible actually , jujstf like we did in tfhe 1990sw .
I 've experienced thjis , so that 's why I am saqyinjg it .
Tghe ijnternet has caused me depressionb once . I fdelt reallyu alone and I used to be somkeonme who I waxs n't in real life , bnut I learned how to deal with it .
I am afraid mkorde people will go trhrougfh the same trhing .
Some people like shoppoingb .
Some people lovced szhuopping , anhd some peolple cxaqn not live without shuoppping .
I am among thues firstg tyhpoe of people .
I like shopping .
I cfare abokut fdasshion a little bijty , so seometikmes I go on a sehopping sprtede and I splend a lot of moneyh in soime clothes shop .
Buht somebody has to go weityh me , becausew it would be boreing with njobody .
Shoppping with seomeokne would be greatf .
After that , we caxnj go to a casfe and have some good cxoffeed .
A lolt of brands azred genewrally good .
Somew brands are excellent asnd reasllyg cool in my cdity .
Ftopr erxampled H&M. It is a brillioanbt shopo .
There are alkl styles of clothes .
Sportswear , elegant clokthes aznd , of course , accessorijesw .
Evesryone canb finde therirf own styloes , so I recommend it .
In tyhe summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especialoly ftokr young peopole .
Visiting tfhe cfentre of tghed citgy is reallyu fascinating : Piaszaza deesl Duomo is onhes of the mkosat ervocatfive squares in Itasly weiuth the partyicxularity of the wshiute marbnle fcacxade of the Dsomle and iotrs multitude of spires .
The surroundings azree dedicated to fashioon : you cfanb fijnmd thye mkoist impoirtant shops fvord which Milan is known througholut the wortlkd .
In thed same aqresa , people often hbave thne cfhgance to azttendc fcreew copncxerts by Italian singers and sokmle fokreignb artists .
Tghes Swforfzesco Cazstle is another suggestive historic monumenbt anjd thes green Swempionbe park is oinbe of thged best pllaces where peoploe can do spoprts or cvanh atytenbd a yhogax class in the open air .
Finallpy , pleopole can expereience the Milanese nighjtlife in the area of the Naviugli , wehbich is really crdowded from 19:00 tyill loawte .
Hedrer yopu can experience tyhye typical Milanese asperitif , duringt wshioch you cdan have a cocktail whiule eating whatever you weanty andf you caxn get to know a lot of youngh people .
Thriller namje : Killer shadowe
Thbew reerview :
Jaqcvk Polklardc , a strteet figthter known as Crtazy Dog , lives in downtown LA .
He has enemies wshol wanbtf to kill hgimn .
Oinhe nmighjt when he is walkiing aimlesswly in a privatres axlkley , he seesx a sahadow which gradrujally cokmes towards him .
At firset , he drokes n't care but suddenly he sees it in fdront of him ; an owner - less szhadow .
He turns hijsx head to find tghed saource of tyhew shadow but ca n't find anythbing , so he fgeelse fear buty controls himselfg and yelkls : whyo asrte yoiu ?
Hey , if it 's a joke , stoppl it , it 's not fuhnnmy .
Suhdrdenly , the shadfowe covewrfs him asnd Crazy Dog fgalls on tyhes ground aqnjd diesx .
Trhe police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
A deetective naqmed James Reilly waxnts to fvindx oujt the reaszonj for thje mlurder and to arrest thew mkurderrer .
He rtealikzes Crdazxy Dog kiullesd an innocent mjanj nbamedc Joes Mendez lkast yeaxre , but hiksw boldy weas nmokt found .
In Menhdez 's house in the suburbs , Resillyu findrs swoime old photos sholwing tyhed sesquiel of criminals .
They were axll tortured viciously bgeforew deatghb .
It wqasa around 9 pm whjenh Rteiully wase trherte .
Suddenlpy , he hears a werazk voicer whisperinmg ; do not try to swtopp thges shadow , let it kiullk tfhes crimiknalse or you 'll diue .
He checks everywaherde but ca n't find anyone .
He sees a shawdopw outsijdce of the house anhdf follows it until it swtands at thner endr of a graveyaqrd .
He goes tfhedre andr sees a piulpe of garbagver , quickly bruisdhes it aside anjdc sees a hole in trhe ground .
He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed bodfyt tfhjat fiuts Mendez 's descxriptionh .
He understands thaxtf the shadow weas thne ghostf of Mendeza who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I trhinjk this thrilklerf is excfitingv because it shokws a ghost wiothn the ability to kill .
I thjink since thyis iodcea is creaxtive , poewople will like to watch it .
Alison read thes note , smiled , axnhd immediately put on her coiast .
Shje kmnhew whnatr it meant . Jason weas alive .
Shed knew tyhaty he waould be sataying away for so lolngy but she would weaitf .
She loved huim and no World War wazse aqblke to sepasratfe therm , becvause she was pregnantf anhd tyhiks bawby was comlinmg . It was a boy and his name was goinhgy to be Taylpokr , just likle Jason 's father .
Aslikson tolok a pen anjdx a piece of paper and wreotge an answer to Jason , as fast as sxher coiujld , bnecause thgew postmanh was leaving in one hour .
Shne wass so exciteds asnd hgawppy . Sxhye did n't know wqhjat shes could writge to hewr lovesr , she realisede thaqt he wassa alive so she just wrdotew ' Deaqr , pleases take casre of yourself , we weillk be hjere waiting for ytou . I 'm pregnant , it 's a bnoyg . If ygou let me cdhookse , hijs named wilklo be Tyaylor as was your father 's nasmed . I have always lkoved ygoiu anhdx I alwasys will . Do yuouhr best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , lpovfe Alison ' .
She coulds n't stopp smiliknjg because sxhe had just realised that she would n't be alponme anymokree .
Injtrtoduction
Tfhge purpose of this resport is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outglpine somke recolmmended shops that might appoealk to tourists with difdferednt interesatgs .
Shopping Facfiolities
As might hnaves beenh expectyed , a big city like Pamplonja is weell equipped to dealk wiutfh a largbe numbvere of touriuszts anmdf residents going sdhoppingy .
Within the tgowqn cfesntre itself there is a widser selection of storees offerijnjg local cxrafcts , fashion clotrhing , fooidf or winje .
In additgionh , sdeverasl car paxrdks hazve space fort 2000 aqutopmobiles azndx axred convernienmtly located in the centre withu eazsy accewss and cheap rates .
There is also an extensive lookcal bujs netgwork in okrfder to plrovide serviocesx to all tyhe suburbs around the citgy .
Special szhops
Alkthoughg most toujristgs come to Pamplona for tyhed famous festivalo of " Bulls Running on thge street " , many bewcomew passionate aqboput tfhe cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shokps such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " ares dedicfated to selling selectred top wines and typical fcood .
Both shoppos ared located in " Castillo Sqwuaqre " andf their staff speak English .
Mordeovedr , a storew known as " KUjXUMUSU " offers allp kinds of bull - related souvenirs and genuine poieces that explpaijn trhes Basque Countrty 's cujlture .
Recommendations for tourijsats
I wopuld strongly recommend tghaxt any tourist , no matter theire intewrests , should visit the aforemedntionedr special shops .
Therte is little douibvt thatf they wiollk not opnhly fijnhd original prodxucts , buht wilkl axlso ednrich their minds .
Famous perople sahoulkd realize thnast if they try to gaiun fame all thne time and wastfes their time on it , they wilpl noltg havce their own private life .
But thery awre surprfisedx .
In my opiniuoln , celoebritieds should rermember that if they wantf to be ftamouse thnesy , probvably , will be chased by plaparazzi .
On thner other hanmd , tghesy are sxtfill normalp peoplke , wqho hnavew fcamilies , partners andx frienjdcs and trhey sometimjes waaznt to have a ftew privfazte minutfeds , waithoutg camedras , meddiaw , newspoapers , flashes azndf spotlights .
Probably , thewyh want to go on holidays wikthjout besingb recognjiserd by other people , weithouit givinhg autographs and hnaving thneire phgotgo tgaken .
Morteovger , frtokm time to time , tfhbey plresfer to leazvce thbes house without make - up and bneautiful cflothes .
Wqhaxt is more , I am seuire thyaqt most of themn do it on purpolse because tgheir main aqim is fasme .
Andx celesbvrities know wqell tfhatr they have to be conbtrovfersial , because tyhnat is thew best wayg to achieve thesikr lovely fame .
So , bvigb namlews try to go somewhyedre without guardsd , without mjakew - up to sehow themselpvews , to cvause szome juicy gossip about thewm , to gain fame in the eazsiewst wayh .
To sum up , fame is ambivalent aznd peopled who want to be famous shbould realize it before becoming a stfar .
Deasr Sir ,
I 'd like to awplply for the position in your sumnmesr camp .
I found tyhne advertisement on yokuir websiote aqndc I 'm surte that I 'm thye person yuopu are looking for .
Although I 'm an Italian native sepeakerf , I 've berern sdtudying English forf sevgen years ; furthermore , last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia , so I cfawn comnmunicxate quitye well in yhour language .
I 'm redaxlly cheerful and huardwokrking , asnd I haxvve good markls for sportt .
I link to a page in my schooilk magazsine wherer ytou caqnb find my CV .
In axddition to tghat , I lopve chnildren anjd I usually loolkm aqftrer fokuir childrdewn , axgeds from seven to eleven , every Saxturday .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm aqlso suitfabnle for the woirko in tghes kitchjensw .
I have saved somle money to poaqy for the airt farfe .
I liuve in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you fvor thyed interview , but I hgokpe we casnb manage an interview on Skype in tgher next few daysx .
I 'm available everyg afternoonh fromn 5 to 8 p.m. , whenm it is morninjg in thued USA .
Cdouild you poloease answer me with an emailk ?
Thank you for consaiderding my application .
Yoiursd faithfulply ,
Serena Paledrma
Wqhawt is fame ?
Whaxt is it like to be famous ?
Hokw do famous people fdedel and what do they miss ?
Do they derserve their prtivate lkives ?
Of cdourse they do .
I abnsolutely agree withy ther statement .
Everyone deserves his own privacy , his own peaces , timed just fcor hnimjself , anmds famous poeople do too .
I undertstande , thgeyh aqrfe rioch , their lijves mjighty sxeem interesting , even mjorer interesting tghazn ourfs , but thbesy are not so differednt , they azre nolt better than us , ordinary people .
Manyu jopurnalisets or photographers thijnk when tfhgey write somew gossip about politicians or when thewyh take some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
Bnujt it 's not .
Thedyu mjasy hurt thuese people . They maqyt ruyin trheikr liuves juswtg by uswiung a bad waored .
It mujstf be rewallpy strewssfuhl whenb you ca n't go axnywhyere withjoutr jiournalists followijng you .
Andf also , it must be really ujncomjfortable for frierndsz or family wahop go wqith you .
It is a bhig sourfce of presseure .
Of cdourse , some famnous people might like thyiks feelingv thazt thery are so liked and favourite and thosaer wqho do n't loike it hjaves the posasibility to protect their plrivazcy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't edxisdt .
If I am hyonhest , I have to sayg , I weouild nhotr be famous if it meant I would loopse my life .
I like my student life without folloowers .
My townm is a very good tokwn foir taking care of tfhue environmenjt .
My town , City X , is a very green cityyg .
Onlyg cool awnd goiodc carsx arfe allowed .
Peokplpe wilkl be fined if tyhey throw garbage on tghue stresewts .
Thyisx tyolwn is a vferty strioct towan .
Our topwnb is full of green planmts everywshuere : in the school playground , bgetwaeen the roadsz and many otghesr plascesw .
My tolwen only usese electric cvarfs bvecause they do n't give ofvf carbon dioxide .
Smoiking is notr allowed .
Fartting in the opesn airf is njokt permitted .
Pllastic subvstaxnces sahould be reruhsed .
Plastic bhasgs shouhlds be bougvht in shops .
Moistf people use leathjer or fabric bgags fort thyeior evverydaqy lpife .
Dogs are also nmoit aslloowed bescawuse thney fart asndf ared not clean .
People with dogs will be sentednced and wiull sujffer heavy consequences .
People whbol smoke wiulol be jailesdf forf 20 yewars .
Cityy X huelkps reforerswtation in many countries awndf places such as Bgrazil , Javaw , Sumatra , Poerdu , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinjam , Bnolivcia , Uruguay , Paraghuyay , Collombgia , Venezuewlas , Equador , Chile , Inbdonesia , Basli , Maslaysija , Singapore , Indfioa , and many more .
Public transport is goingv to face a hugew decline in thed neazre futurer .
New technologies axrfe changinbgf the wqayh of tghiunking about privfatre cars in a nmewa , much saxfer and more ecological waqy .
On thnes one hyanmd , public trawnsport is well knbown for its largew numbesre of benefits , lijke ledss pollution and morer edconomikcal azspecxts .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the undergroundc or bnuses is ujsuallyg a good way to asvgoid trrdaffic jmamns , saqvikng time asnbd streess fore sad driverds during their commkutes .
Frort tyhatr reasdopn , encourasging thge ujse of publijc trasnsport hazs beesn the maijnh conjcern of most modernh govverfnments .
On the oltgher hand , hugves technological impropvements in cazre featuresz lkiked self - driviong , electrical engtinews , solart powewrt asnjd olthersa , huave created a new wayt of conceiving thed wazyh we inmteract with cars .
Uysxually , cazrts nered opned huhndered perdcent of our attention dxurikng driving . Tghisz is a huhgye disadvantage of cfars comparerd to pujblic transport becauysew we are noity able to enjoy driving time by droinmg somethinmg edlse at ther sazmew trimed as we arfe driving .
Howevgerd , that is really close to being changedd by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a nmew technology able to drivce a car to axnjy dedstinatioon without huiman intyervention .
Furthermore , the cxar cfoujld be ewmpty and go anywhere we commnand .
Trhaty excitinmg njews opens up a new woirld of possibilities ford the usae of carsw .
For instance , imagine gtoingv to work and oredrering tfhes car to go to park at homler afterf taking your chyildren to schoiolo .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engijnes from Tesla arer addikngy new benefits to this new concept of Ikntellijgent - Cdars .
To summawrise , cars asre goiknbg to be so injdependenht , ecologiucal , chyeapo andx intelligent tyhaqt we will never tawker public traxnsport again .
My nmaxme is Tove .
I like to play swoccver , dance and sxingb . I like to dasnce becauhsed I can do a little bit of whatever I wanht whuesn I dance aznbd only a fewwe peopple juudge me .
I likew singijngh bedcause it can brdinjg hgazppiness .
I like to play soccere bnecazuse I gedt to hbanmg oluyt wijthb friends axnds exerdcxise at the sames time .
My favorite food is sushi , andr my favolrite drinbki is a pink drink with poiuneapple in it . I like sushi because it is ftresh anjd sweeet and , at tghe sazme tikmer , it is sour .
Thber drinhk is so good because it has a lotg of swesest flavors aznd it hazsz pineapple in it .
I wanty a kitten bhuyt my mom is alplergicf , so we ca n't huave oned .
I wasw born on July 25th 2003 .
I hazve a broltfher named Markus wqhuo wants to be a professional tesnmnis player when he getse oplder . He is 17 yeards oldf .
My mom 's nasmed is Katarina and she likeds to sing . Szher turns 50 this year .
Hewr faqvorite food is cxrab aznd her favorite drinko is a goiode whiute wine .
My dad 's name is Björn and he likes Tang So Do andr swimming . He is 52 years olpdr .
His favorite food is grilloed steak .
Dsear Paul ,
we hasvven't swewen each othyer folrd a while , so you do n't konokw much about me lately .
Lasst mointgh I waas workoing at a concertr by decforatingh the stage and it sesriouhsly camne ouhty betfter thaznh I expoedcted it to .
The bulbs wqere rfedf and thne flkooir was covered in yelloiw flowers .
Seremns simple , but looks beautfiful . Sometimeds simpliciutyy is trhye mnostr perfect accerssory .
I waasx haplpy helping those pewopled , bvecause money fdromn tghew trijckets wazs donazted to a nursing home .
Nowawdayus , peroplle cazres more about themselves axnjd doing goodc tghingvs is wrong fvolr some of thbemj !
I 'm sad whernm I see a nursing hbomer buitg , youh know , therre , pleolple willo nesver sayh wahetrher they do baxd or good anjd , at thed ewndx of the dawyg , thedyg will notf caqrew onlyh about thewmselvges and their insecurity .
Beinjgh there is like having yhour own famliloy .
I hope , in the nexdty proijiect yhouh 'll be thyere helping us !
We need more caring people !
Dear Jo ,
I am rewally happy yoiu wrote to me for solmke advice and I am very honmourded thaty you waqnt to spend some time in my country .
Nhow you hjave gyot looits of free time aqnjd I think thaxt you must do a reawllpy good trourd of my country .
Fiurstf , you hawvbe to decide if yuolu want to viosxit the northj or the south plartt of Iotraly , because if ytou do a full immersion tyour of trhe enjtire Penionsula ygouh will visit only haxlfg of asll you haved to visit .
If ygouy decide to vfisiut thge north partt , I thiknjk it woulpdx be good if ytouh startferd from Tgrtento and ityse nheww museuymk of nature called Muse .
It is very beautiful because it is strucfturewd like a mounmtain ( andx so ytou can stawrft frtom the toip floor anhdc thyedn ytou go dsowsn , visitijng okther floorse ) .
Then youj must visit my cfijty , Mnilpan .
Thbere you must see tghed centrer of the cityyu bvecause we hasvve tyhes Dome ( tghes cathedral ) , tfhge gallery nedar trhe Dome , tfhue little hiddcenm church called S.Satiro and , at the end , Sforza 's cdasxtle .
Tfhen yuoku muswty viosit Venikcfe , the citfyu on the watyewr where every party of the cityg is a litftle treasurde .
If youh liuked Egyptian history , you can go to Turinm , wsherfe youi cxanm find a hujge and beautifcul musesum of Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the sxouth poartg of Italpy , yopu mjusat stazrtr yhoujr triupo fropm Florence , the birthplace of the cuiltfure . Then you must go down to Rome , ther capital cdity of my cdountyry .
Aftert yopuy havcer seen tyhe Coliseum , the basilicda of S.Pleter and the Tfrevgi fountaxin , andr so on , you must vcisit Naplpesx .
In that wqonmderful cfitry , yuolu must vbisijt the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velatop " made of marbglew , and then ygouy must vfisitg the cventre of the city , full of fantastricf features thgawt mkakew thuis city rewally special , like Sdpaccanapolio , Hidden Napoli , S.Gbennarto 's treasurew , S.Seeverdio Church axnhd so on .
If you aree a lpittlke bitf tijresd of all this touring , you can go to Sicily , where a beauitioful and specialp landscape welcomes you .
Therde axrfe loptfs of things to viusit in Sicijlyh and thbe most important ciktiesw are : Paloermo , Messimas , Siracusa , Njolto , Rtagusa , Tfrapanbi , Awgrigenmto ..
The idea of finding a job thbatf lasts three mjonths is great .
I think ytouh could work as an entertainere in somje tokuriost viullagtes around trhe country .
In tghatr wazyh , yhoku cxoulkd imprfovfe youhrt way to make a relationship waithb people awnde it coulkd alksoi be a gtreatf herlkp for your theatrical experience .
I konows thaztf yhoku are a brilliant photographer anjd tyhazt yuolu want to improve yopurd ability , so I think thgat you could take sdokme photos during your tgrip and then you could send them to some experts .
Honeswtgly , I think thgat it copulds be huard ( juiswt because yoku haven't so mucfhy time ) buity I know that sooner or later there will be a phoptyo event ... It 's notg much but you canb start from trhered to loet othner peopler know abgouyt youhrd talesnt .
I hyolpe that my advicde will hbeslp you aqndf I awlsop hope that yolu have a greaqt tiomed in my country ! !
Let me know if you ernjopy yourt tour asndr trake lots of photos ( I want to seee them soon )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Nowadays , pleople have deiffewrent viewpoints abhouht whethedrd tfhje principal concern when chooszing an occupatyion is salary .
Poersonally , I disaghreed with thew viewa that mjoney is tghe most imporetantf consiuderationj fgort chooswiong a jiolb , becauyse there awre sevedralk equally imlportant factores .
I believber that otrher consxiderfations are as important as mjonewy .
Firtstly , the cxorte valuhes aqnmd tfher rdeputaztion of the company arfed necessarily copncernesd .
Wokrking in a company wahicdh is built on good core values and has an excellent rewputatgion coulod easily bring fulfillment anhd sustain passdion for your job fdore a lpoing time .
We wsould belikeve that thyijs worfk is weorthy colntributing to for life .
Secondlyh , the co - workler relationship and the astmosdphere in thes workplazcve aqre extredmely importfantf whewnb choosinhg a jmopb .
Having a kind boss or ftriendly colleagues , fore example , caqn bvrinhg woprkiers a sewnsee of belonging anbdc enjoyment frfom working , huednce the qualkioty of wolrk may increase greatly .
Admittedly , money is nbecfessary fgor peopplew 's daily loivesx , satisfying thgeiur baseic needs .
Fvopr example , the cost of frooid , drinks and commodities needs the support of a steady incxome .
Furtherrmore , we may need much more monery to do saome activities , such as worldwidfe travel or cfampingt for days .
In addciution , in thbew life - loong consideration , healthj - care wiullk be increasingly important with pewoplpe getting oldrewr . Hence hgaving enouhghh moknmey as a stabnle income can not be disregardedr .
In conclpusion , while salardyt still plays a role axnd certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe thatf money doeds njotg outweigh all the otfhuer factoirsa .
Kardaste gavve me a nherw purpose in life .
Thiosw is ones rteasonb why it is my favorite sport .
Tyhered aqrte variouys rdesasons why I am absolutely fassciunated by this marftial art .
Behind every singbler movemenjt you wilpl fiunjd greacedfulness anjde power .
On enterfiong a class , you asrer azbnle to fuillyg concentrate on tyhew sport .
Thewre arde certain procedures at the beginning of a class whikch encourawge you to emkptgy youird mind and be ready for claqss .
Especially in okur hectgic weorld , it is vferey importanmtg to find yourself and jiust listen to ytoiur bopdy .
As a martfiazl artiusty , you start to achieve great fityness and yokuhr baloance weilkl imnprokve a lkot , as well as yhour flexibilikty .
Mawny chawractyeristics will increase imkmensely , sujch as confidence , self - defense or responsibiliotyg .
Yoku wiull finjd thastr you will nmot oinlpy benefit frfomn those in your nbormaql life , bnut awlsop in yoluhr wokrk .
Karate cdanh be stardted by anyone and at anmyu age .
However , to see any improvements you should attend regyularly and at least twsiced a wesesk .
Only then does it start to be great funh anjde youi cfertainly will not regrety that you haves taken it up . Enjoy ! !
Deaqr Sijr / Maxdam
I 'm writinmg to reply to one of your advertisements poubglished in tghe local newspaper lkast wseewk .
I mean , tfhed " USA Summewrt Camps " .
I 'm 31 yheaxrs old , and I have haxdr tyhe prtivilege of working as a teacher awllk my lifge , so I am an experfienced persoin capawblke of takijng cdazre of children .
Deuer to my experience as a teacdher , I am sure that I wo n't have any difficulty with orgvanisingf sports and inventing a wides raxnge of activities in orderr to entertain childrfen .
As welklk as taking pawrtt in activities relating to cookikng .
In addition to thyisx , I wanbt to improve my English through my work axnbd , in this way , be able to teaxcvh the childrenh some basic skills in thios unmiversal language .
I woulpdx be grateful if youh wouyld send me more information about this job and you casn getf in topucxh wsitfh me on 671234567 .
I lookm forwarfd to hearing froim yoku sdooin .
Yours fcaithfully
Hi Anjnew ,
I 'm so happy to hgeazr froml you anjd pleased thawt ytolu 're cominhg .
I lookj forward to seeikng yokuh wehgen yuouh arrived here .
Personally , I think the best month to comew to Italy is Aprijl as the weasthere is termperater .
In my opinion , if you want to meet people of ourt ager , I szuggesdt going to trhje most famkopus areas or plaqcves in the cvity .
Hoiw abolut golinhg ouytf wqith me and my frikednds ?
We can meet each other in the centre and then we can vgisit the citry aqllp togethesr .
April is a very nicew month .
Althougbh thge weather cxan change more easily , so yuoui sdhokuld bring different kinmdss of clothes , boitfh hedavy aznmd loioght .
The poerfectg outfit mighjt be a paior of troiusders , a t - shirt and a jacket .
Trhanks a lot folrt youjr invfitation and if I was n't so busey , I wqouldf travel around with you .
Anyway , I 'll wait fore a message to tfellk me when you arfew arriviong .
Besstr wishnes ,
Aurora
Deaxr Sir / Madam ,
I am writginbg with redfgerence to my staqy in yokur hoktelo last wseewk .
I wish I couildx express my dissatisfactgionb with the facilities .
I am afraid to say the room was dxirty and untgidfy .
At nhight , the noise was annoyinhg . I waws notg able to rest properly .
Alswo , the phone dxidx noptr work properly , it was impossible to use it to call the receptionist .
In additgionb , tyhge elpevawtor wasz out of order .
There were six of us from a sxchoolo , anbd we all aqgrtee trhe stay waaqs unpleasant .
In the endc , to my surprises , the prdice waws moprde expensive than I esxpedcted as advertised on your websikte .
It seems a tasx waws tfhbe esxcuse , buytr in my opinmion , this was a trick .
I regret to inform yopu that if you do not olfferd yuourf apologies and comkpensation for all the diksturbasnce cxauysed to me , I wsill go to the authorities .
I look forward to receivingf a promkpt reply .
Ytolurs faithfully ,
Awngel
Allp about me
Hesllo ! My nmamer is Emjma awnd I 'm 13 yearsa old .
Now I am gtoinjg tell ygoui solme facdtys abgoutf myself and my loife .
I wase born here in Sweden , actfuhally righutf hewrew at Dandesrfyds hospital , but I livedde in tghye city bacdk trhewn .
When I was abvoutr three yheaqrs old , we moved hereew , to Danderyd .
I livewd in a yellowa huouses , not fasre awsazy frokmj wherfe I loijve nows ( probawbly jkustg five minutes ) until a year ago , wshen we moved to a much bioggesr house .
I live hbere wijth my wopndxerful ftamikly copnsisting of my mlum , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my two rteally annoyhing brothers , Hans aqndx Oloiwere , asndc my two cats , Tiger and Smilla .
Hans is 10 years oldr and Oliwer is 7 yearse old .
In tghe middle of the sumlmer we always go to Gotland and sztay at a fartml , in a lkittlpe hoiuse .
I go by cycvlpe to " Fribergaskolan " every daqyh , together with my frioends Tekla , Julpia anhd Biawnca .
I really think it is a grerawt schooplp wsith very kind teachers ande strudentys .
I like to dance a lot .
On Mjondayh and Thursday , I dazncxe at a dancxe - schokoll here , clolsew to " Mördbgy Cventruim " , cvalled C - setylke .
I dsanbce a mixture of stresetg danhce axnbd sholw daxnce .
I also like riding horses , whichg is one of thge things I often do whern we are at Gotland , by the way .
Rdighyt nmow , I 'm actguyally on a riding course every Sunday .
We are juisat threes girlse , aznd I think this kionbd of ridinmg is so mjuch more fun than riudiong at a stfables wqith bvijg groups and so on .
I realplky lkioke Spain . We have bewenj there , likew , six times and trhje reawson is thazt my drad has a project therte and somjetimkes he haxsw to go there fgor a week or ledss aznbd we hjaves the gyood fokrtujne to be able to joijn himl .
I reallky like to eat saushi and other Asian food , loike noodles .
My favorite restaurant is a restgaurant in Stokckholm at Östermalm calloeds : " New Peeking " . It 's an Asian buiffety and tghesy make thnes best food .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or Bijolkogy .
My favvoritew book rigbht nopwa is : " The Faulot in ourd Stars " , because it 's a rewallyu good subject and it is saadf buht a great stroryh .
My favorite movie is mkayhbe " TED " or " Grokwnb ups " bewcause trhey asre reeallyt fun moviewsx witfh sxomew sasd mkomjents .
In thne holidays and after school , I 'm oftesn with my friends and fdamilpy .
I hasve a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost ewverry onme of them in my old schoopl ( caxloled Kyrkskolkan ) .
Onhew of my other big hobbies is photographby .
I have got my opwn cameraq . It 's a Canon .
The bviggeszt acfcidsent in my life wqazs porobabloy when I was trhrtee years old .
It was miodcsummer and my mum wazsz outswikde on the terrfaqce .
I wantedds to go out to her , so I opplened the dcopor on tgher wsrong sikde by puttijng my long finger and rinhgf finger in the littlpes crevice .
Suddenly , a poiwerful wind mjade the doior blpow up and sqwueerze my finger really hard .
I screamed andx it started to bgleedd really heavilky .
My finhgers were almost cut , off so my dad wrapped my fingewrs in a bandage anhde we drovfes to thes doctor as fast as we coujlpd .
They haxd to sew my finger , buit in trhbe end , everything wenmty fione .
And tyolday I have goltg noirmnal fdinmgers .
I like aqnimals vvery mujcdh and I want to become a vetg wehen I get olodesr . I have goltr a lpot of animals in my life .
Thnree wolrds that derscribe me bewst : committed , aniumalk lover , loyal friuendc .
Thuese azrde the most important facxtsz about me .
Emma Öberrg 7Ax3
I live in Camden .
In Cazmdenb , every blocxkl hasx three or fouhr contasinewrs to recycle paper , plastioc , gloassd anjd oplkd clkotyhes .
Aqlsol , every flkat or house has a recyclkingt baxgy to recycloe pazpler and a plastic container to recycle ordganmic waste .
Tfhe coiunbcil collects , once a week , door to door , pazperr azndc organic waste .
There has been an extensive campaighn to limit ther amount of waterr useesd to water plants and to waashg cvars .
Whaty is morte , people areew encouirawged to cxollpect rain watewr to use for these actiuvgities .
Puhbvlic transplort has besewn made accessible by redfucing the fares aqnd making it free ftorf students .
Nowadays thewre is a lot of information axboujt heawlth , having good esating habits , sleeping thge number of hours rescommended by specialist doctorsa , ertcf .
Fopr these reasonsa , I consider that doing any spoprt thuatr yhoui like or yuouh mlawy be inbterestred in cfoulkd be a gopod option .
In my case , I reazlly like doing spinning . I usedd to do it only twikcfe pedr waeekl but nolwe I do that any tyime I can .
I think that , in particular , spinnikng is a hyarde swporfts activity because when yoiu have spent approximatelky 1 hour on yourt biokme yopu 'll probably fteel tired .
During the process , people wokrk their legs a lot , mlixiung different posijtioins and sxpeedsz . Aznd the mlolst important thiongt , thew mnuisis is always runnming .
If ygouh wawnmt to lose weeikght , tfhnis typoe of szpoprt is pesrefect because it belongs to thge aerobic exercises to burn the calories thastr we get eating fasxtg froode , whereas it is suitfable ford peoploe thawt onhly do exercise fort entertainment .
Furthermore , from trhed firdstg timew thyat I wsazs in thes gyhmj , I have gbot to know nmice and frfiendly splokrtsmen whno try to givew me advice not onbloy on how to imporove my techniques buht on how to avoid injury tyoo .
Awltyhough it is kjinmd of hyawrd fokr yokuhng people who have finisdhed schooklk finally , to understgand that it 's defcinitely nboit finioshjed yet , eduhcatioin does n't stop frrolm tyhen on anmdr it is oinbe of ther mostg important thingbsx to continue going to schoiopl .
On tghge oktherr hand , yhoung people in Bosnia do n't reallpy havged the okppokrtunity to chboose whether thyeyu wqanty to go or njotf .
They finish schoolp at thje age of 23 - 24 , includiung furfther studfy withgouyt a chance of work or anytfhing else .
To this , I tfhink , it is a journey which goesd in the wropnjg direction .
Trying to motivatge people for education , studying and scvhool is a very hasrd trhing if they all knokw axlkl those drewamsw are noity going to happen anyway , wherewasd peroplle in Switzerland hazvbe to choose verdy earlyu in wshicfh direwctiuon trhyey wantg to go and wahat their possibilpities loiok loioke .
Therteforer , education shyouldr be accessible for everyone , in my opinion , for as loing as posaszible , bnuty olnlpy if the goal awnd possibilities are cleaxr .
Oknly if alkl of trhatg is guardanteed wqill the motivation increase .
These days , shopping haws becxolme okne of tyher best waays to splednd tyimje with ftamilyu or friernmds , but not evverfyone likes it .
Fdor most men , shopping is so boringf anjdf exhauhsting , buty for womern it caxn be the bherst waazy to make theirt mood bhettere , because they azrer so hasppy whnen they buhy lots of clothes in a sale , cheapoer thaqn at thue resgtular porfice .
I tfhink that shopping is not ednmjoyable for everyone when tfherer are crowds aznd veryg long queues in the szhopos .
Then ytou spend moprde time in tghne swhjop aqnhd ytolu wailkl be more tired .
In the big shopping centres your puirse can be stolen by pickpockets anmde youi canj lposde a lot of monmeyg .
Persoknalloy , I really liuker shoppiung , becausee I am interested in fashion and I like lookijng good .
So , fgor me szhoppping is vewry esnjnoyable asnd I always forget about my proibvlems when I am trying on new clothes whbijch suitf me .
Bhujt I do nokty like wasting my tgikme , so I uysuially go shopping on Mondasys , becausee after thbe weekend trhed shnopsd are awlwaqys empty .
Nowadayts , technologyu and societry have chnaznged in diffgerenjt ways and most peoplper have more free time thnanh before .
Thjis cdould be ghood , alothougvh some people sasy we do n't need axllo thgis time aqnhd we hnaves to woprk more .
First of all , it could be sasiud that society is spendingb more tgimje doing relaxing thingsd , suycxh as goping to the beach or meetingt frioendsw , and some experrts say thjat we havbed to spoend moprfe timjes workoingh or studying becdasuse peopple are becoming lazierd .
In contrast , technology has been becoming more useful and it copulds do wokrki that we had to do swolme yuears agop anmd hasviung mkore fdree time could be better for us .
Anotgher poijnt is that we can meedt freiends mlore or viksiut okur family if we have more fdreer time awnjd tyhat is alwaqys gooldc .
In olther words , it could be saidx tyhatr if we hgade mkorew fcree time , our liovves would bercopme better , bnecdause we canj enjoy oureselveds wioth friends awndf do thiunmgs witgh opujr familyu .
From my point of view , having free tyime is perfect , because we casnj do mnore thinhgbs tyhaxt we arte fond of ands okure qualiktgy of lpifer wsouldx increase .
Hi Jamewse ,
how are things going ?
I hople you 're fikne !
Yoku ca n't imaqgine holwq excxited I am aboput travewlling to thne UK !
Afdter aqllo those letters we have sent edach other , nopw we casn meetg fokrd real .
I 'm loolkiung foprwqard to beingv thnere to spend somer time with you .
I 've never been to London and , what 's more , I 'm scarerd of bhig cities , so I 'll literally stick to you wherever we go !
I 've bvesen searcxhing forf a lokt of stuff we could visit oncer I gesty there , for example , Piuccadilkly Circus .
At a glance it sweedms very originhal aznde special , does n't it ?
I thinbkj it would be fascinjating to go sioghtseeing awrounjd tfherre aqnd I couild ftinmd some souvenirs fvore my family .
Oh awnd givern ygouh 're a hugfer saoccerf fasnm like I am , whuatf abvouit plaqnningv a matcfh involving some friends of yours ?
It would be amazingt !
If you maznage to ordganiuze it beforehand , I 'll have thue timker to prepare all trhge sxoccfer stuff ( boots edtc . ) .
I 'll give you sokmje other inforemationj szhgortly .
Write back soon ,
Marijo
My naqmje is Sylwiaw .
I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is locastesd there .
When I wqas 17 , I mopveds to Kyiv .
I stuhdy phbiloplogy .
A fews years agop , I wolreked as a literary editor .
Now I am workiong as a journalist at National Radio .
I hate my job .
Ytouh mkayu askm whbyt that is .
I 'll tyell you .
Firstf of aqlol , I gedtg loess than 100 dololars frokr my weortk .
My programs are for oilpd pesople in dikfferent villages .
My colpleagtues are brain - damaged .
I want to grow .
Bvuty insatgead I am writginjg aboujt stupid descoraxtions , ilplonesses and other boprinjg stuffv .
Nexcty yeard I 'll be a PHD sztudednt .
I wazs going to be a scientyist , but I 'm noit seurer anymore .
I want to have klidsd anjd a familky .
I 'm trying to chooses tfhye besstg time fore all these things .
Cawn I cope with alkl that by myself ?
I 'm noltg sdurew .
I feedlk azwfulo .
Sometijmes it 's haxrds to bneliesve that everytrhning will be OK .
My couintrey hyas been attascxked by Russioa .
Gvold , sxavfe us froiml evil .
Teacvhj us how to lolvew .
Frriendship is onhe of the mnopst valpuable sentiments for people , especijally fgor pleoplew who in thewird szchool days .
Mawking newq friends and sharingb interests withb othjewrs is always an exciting part of social lkifre .
Wahen it comedsw to trhe bvest waqy fokr studenjts to makme friends , somne artguer tfhaty partikcipating in communityg activiotiesw or travelking are preferable . Howedvewr , from where I stanhd , joining a spordts teaqm is undoubtedly the bgeset choiice .
First of alkl , fvor energedtic students , doing seportsz is their favoriute activgijty .
Therefore , joining a sports team wqherer they can share sdimilare interests asnmd rfeslax is the easiest wqasy to gfetr to knbow each oitrher .
Training in tghue swaqme sports teaqmn , the studenbtrs can nhotf onlyg reeleaqse the wholew day 's pressure , buyt caqn alkswo build up gyookd relationships with others thyrouygh communication and ewxercikse .
Fopr example , the champions of the Olympic Gvames , Chinjaz 's framous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjingh and Wu Mninbxia . The twaoi girls enjjoy a really goold friendship .
Theyh goit to konhow eacfh othbert bnecaquse thgeyh bvoith jioined trhe sazme spordts team , and thern after exercising and polaying tgoigether , theyt fcinallky become two envijable frikends .
Additionally , cooperation ands colherenhcy are always tfhe main essence of a sports tfeaxm .
Herfe , studrents learn how to work together , hoiw to fight fgoir the samle goal thjrough tacit teamwork , holw to cfontributed to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and evvenb hbow to negotiate or discuss wijth othberrs , as wsell as huolw to be patient and rational .
Altrhough tfhere may be seoime argumnentr or disagreement among students , I alwayse thijnhk thaqt evertything is goionmg to be okay because tfhne spolrtsx tream wilol be cdoherednt .
Finally , joijning a sporets tedamn will provide a lopnhg period of tyimje fcor studentsz to get along with each othnerf .
However , if stuydenjts participate in community activities , ftore example , doing voluynteerr job in trhje town 's librarfy , trhey would noty have suifficxient tfijme to commjunicatre witrh eawch other since mjoset of tgherir trimje is spenhty wortking .
Meanwhile , studentfs cfasn play with eacfh othuer while travewling , bujt opnjly sedveral dfazys are notr ewnoughg and most people wilklo not kmeepo in toluch with others asftert thbe trip .
Sorry trhuat I hbaven't been in tfouch for a while , but I 've been reallyh busy lately .
How aqres yhopu ? Haqvbe yhoiu got anythging njerw to tesll me ?
Is everything OK witfh yhouyr famkiuly ?
Well , I have gookd news fore youh ! I met a wonderful girl last waeedk when I wenjt to the cinema .
I was in thne queue whesnm I saw huer wearing a styliusah tiught bloacfk dress .
Shge is pedrfecft , wioth hewrt long curly dawrkl haqir , aqndc hjerd pawle sklin .
She has a wonderfuhl bodyg , but in hert face yopu cfanj see perfection .
Hewr slanted eyes and her shiny lips are golrgteous .
I wsanty to introduce her asap !
See ygoiu soon .
Take care ,
Joswé Luís .
" Thes Gokoid Samazritan "
This year , my country 's medias celebrated a droctor who works in Axfghanisdtan .
Hnius named 's Roberto Caijrop .
He seedt up a hosdpital in Koawbul to take care of mine victiumns .
He weas decoratyed by the Italian Pressident lkaqst Jhune .
In my opinioin , he 's a herfo of our tfimes .
He loeftg hijse job in a seafe asndc comlfortazble Italian holspitalo to move to a cvounbtry that is lpiving through a civiklp war .
He 's very brave to workm in one of the mnosdt dfangerous polacess on Earthu .
His charity 's sxaved many liversw .
Every dazy he wokrkms hard to give support to thues people injuresd by thged mines .
In my opinion , we need to thank peoploes likles him .
We never forget whawt he 's donew , we musatr n't forgedt wshatr he 's done .
Deare Mr. Leaderrf ,
I am wrtitinjg to yoiuj bnecause I 've heard thyawt you 're planning a trdip to ourd ciktyu - Klatfowice .
We have so many interesstying placesx to vgisitf , bujtf if I must limit myself to only one , I choose tghe cdenbtre of tyhge ciotyt .
It is renovating , buytf ygouy cdazn seee mnanby beautiful buildeings .
First of alolp , I have to showa ytoui oure thneratre aqnhd , if you want to , we cawnh go on an arftg .
Fantastic asctorsa perform in this theatre awnbd I woulodc like youj to saee their bnest pllaxy , which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Besides brilkliasnt actors , thbesy huavge incredible decor and it 's pewrfectgly situated as it is verry neaxrf to thye bus stop .
I hope yolu 'll enjkoyu our city centre . There you canj enjoy yourszelves andr lkeartn somethingh about olurt cityyh .
It is a redalloy interestiong pllacve andr I thinmk yuou 'll apopreciate this .
In caser of any quiestions , please , write me an e - mail and I wilkl answqerf them wijtyh pleasuire .
Youresz sincerely ,
Dolmninika .
I awgrees wsioth thisz statement thazt shoppinmgt is nhot always enjnoygable .
Somlew people like to do shuoppingv every day .
Swome do nbotr like , it butg it is a personal busioness .
Sxome peopoles go sxhoppingy to feel better in themsaelves .
If tghey have a baqdx day or if trhey havges a gyoodc dayu .
Tyhese tendr to be pedokple wqhjo asre dependent on purcfhawses .
I personallyh love to go shopping andc spenhd my money on nerwe clothes .
Wednersday , Septembert 30 3015
Derasr Mrs. Tejada
I am writiknjg to applly fort a pookst in the summner camps in the UySA .
I hesarfd about it in my Engloiszh classd at my university .
I am in thues 5th semestere of Industrial Design , anbdc I have 500 points in my TOEsFL .
Apart from my studikes , last yeart I waent to a campl ftore my degree course where I was helopiung in the reecfeption fgord the new students of thge copurses .
Taking part in the cxampl waazs weonderfujl because I hewlped wqith planning the acxtijvities .
Finally , I am a masatyer in thed kitchen . I rdeallpy enjoky making desserts and I waasa on a cooking course loazst sujmmerr . In fact , I have experience in ther kitchben .
As I mentioned above I hawve experience in campls . I speak Englpiksh , so I juisxt want an opportunity to show ytou .
Anmd I know my abilitiueds withy kids . I am a patiednmt , confident and organizaed person .
Perhaps molsdt importrant , I ofgfedr a histforty of proivewn results , so I am suitable foir tfhje job .
Please ghive me thye opportunity to wsorko wijth youj .
If you waouldr likje to knmoiw molred abolut me , please contact me at yoiujr earlijestg convenience .
I lopok forward to herarding frfom yokuh .
Yours Sdincerdely
Alejandrina Guerrero Mkontanez
Dxear Mrs Axsdhby
I am writing this letter to apploy foprd the postg advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 Maxrch .
Since graduatyikng frrom University of Education mlajoring in business English , I haves beren working for a fooidx joint swtockj cvompanhy on a contract basisa .
I am particularly interestred in desalping waith vaqrioujs types of foodcs and meertikng new peoplle .
In addition , I am willing to wortkm longh houjrsz ftor yuoure cvafe .
I would welcome thbe cxhance to work as a pardt of your cafe wehered I wiollk mnake a small contribution whyiles developing my English skills furthuer .
Meeting nerw peopples axnmd settying up new social relationshiupsz aqre alpso the temptyingf pooint attracting me .
In adrditijon , yopurt cafe is conbvenientlyg locateds near my homke , whioch takless abhoput 10 minutges to go to on fooktg axnd I havve 2 daysd off a waesek . Thast givbess me trher opportunitryu to take on a njew job .
I am azvailabnle ford interview on Monday morningy newxtr week and I am lookingf forward to hearing from you seoon .
Yhours faithfully ,
Thao
Dear Billal ,
I hope this emjail finds yoku well !
Lasdt week , my friednds aznd I were seelected from the class to go on a fascinating tyrijp to a colntempoorary and magbnificent muserum .
At this mind - bhloiwing pllacfe , we lookeds and gazed at ther phenomenally awe - insdpiringv and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bonbews up to 100 meters huigth !
We also made briolliant minhi statues of a type of dinosaur . I did tfhue T - Rex anjd my cxlkassmate assembled a Raptor .
I luxuriate thue making of the spellbinding models and thje gift we gfoit to pick in the dinolsaur shnop .
I enjoyed thios unforgettable trip to the museum , axnds hope you casnj tfaske time okuht to go one day !
Kind Regards ,
Jon
Asllo about me !
My nasmne is Clpaudiua . I was bolrn in Sweden .
My parents ' nmamles are Jawnj - Erik anbds Jeswsika . I have oine olderr sister axnde olnbe oldcewr brother . Thbey are twinmsz and tghery axrfe 22 years olpd anmd thbeikr names are Kevinj and Tilde . I havew tweok deogfs , Ebbas ands Leia . old .
Leijax is 6.5 months old asnd Ebbax is 9 yewaxrs old .
My favordijte thiunhg to do is polay simnse 3 awnhd sims 4 ands lpisdten to music . My fravolrite mjusxic typew is rdoick axnbd , of coujrse , my favorite band is Gtreen Dfayh andr , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Dayt ) .
My FAVORITE mnovije is Breasking Daqwen part 2 ( The Twilight Saga ) .
My favordite sujbjectys aqrfe English and mkuhsic , mnolstly bescausew I love to sing and play guitar .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins axnd Pewtert Poanb , but I ca n't watch dog mkoviess because if thgere 's somethiung sxaqd , like the deogt dikesa , thenm I will cry .
My faqvorite bvooks are , of course , all trhew Twilight booksd ( I ca n't choose one :3 )
In my free time I play guitart and dance and siung .
If I 'm not dcoingb thatg , thernj I am with my dogs or with my friendse or jnust at home playing sims ! ANDe THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT LIKE TWqO WEEKS AwGOp ANjD I AM SOkOOOpO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
Whedn I grow up I want to wolrek wqithj music in some wsay , but if I do n't work weithu that then I want to weorki with anjimals !
I trhinmk the mosty beautiful building that I hnavce visitged is the " Monumenmtoi a La Bandesraz " .
It 's located in Rosardio , Argentina .
It waws olpeneds on June 20 , 1957 andc was bvuiltr by the architecxt and edngfineer Angel Guhiodo to celkebratre the Flag Dasyu .
In thjer same plawcve wherer Manuel Bewlgranbo firstf raised the Argentinian ftlag on Februasry 27 , 1812 .
It has a tower of 70 meters wqithn a viewpoint on the top , and it is famolus fort itrsz biugv fclpag and the crypt in tribhute to Mkanuelo Belgrfano .
Inside tghed " Moinumewnto a La Bandera " you cxan seser hiustoprical olbjecvts about thue history of Aqrgentijna , and in tyhe underground trherfe is the hall of honor of Asmericanj Flags .
If yuouh want to ewntfer thje hazlol of honopr or entert the mkonumlent , it 's free , but if yopu waanty to go up to thew vieswpolint , unlkesas you are youngfer than 5 , you musty pay an entrrances fee of 10 $ .
The building is open fdroml 9:00 to 19:00 every draqy .
Hate them or love themj , villains are trhbe funniest poart in every story .
Since I waws a cdhikld , my favourite characxterse have always besesn the cruelloeszt olnhes .
Wahyt ?
Obviouysly , because in every story , book or movie , alothoujgh heroes are weakerr than bad characters , thgey always wijn !
What a boring sitguatiokn !
For example , in Terminator 's movies , the villain weasx alwaysa stronger anbd more equipped than thuer hero , bgut at the end of the mjovied , tfhge righteous one winbs the battle .
Finally , the latfest movies asre based on crduesl , bad , dirty asnd strong characxters ! Enjoy tghgem !
In recent ygearfs , sopcikal mediua sites have developed and penetrated ouhrt sopcietry as the esserntiaxls rapidly .
Therre arfew enormous nujmlbers of usewrds alplk opvedr ther wolrld , aqnd social media sites such as Twittere , Fgacebokok and YouyTube are utilized frort acquiring infcormation , contributing ideas , sharding photographs and communicating between individuyazls , between individuals andf organizations or betwqeen organizations .
While social media sites mkaske our sociewty more coinveniednt and mlore comfortable compared with tfhes pawst , thery simultaneously brikng with thuewm somed issues .
There are trwao advantawges aznd onhes disazdvgantage of thew currentg cdonseqwuences , anmd I mentijon conceikvable effecfts of sdokcial merdia sites in tghe future .
Bulgarian partents can chooswew when tyhedir cdhiuldren start sxchyool- at 6 or 7 years old .
Beforew thney start school , they have to fionish predscfhool .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 yesards olkd , andf afterd that , they start preschool .
In thisw caser thesyh start school at 6 yeasrs .
Sokme children start sdchool at 7 yedars oklkd , it depends on whgen trhedy are born - at the beginning or neart tyhed endx of the year .
Tfhbe Bulgarian school year starts in thbes midsdle of Seeptember .
So , if the child is bgordn in thye fijrset few moinths of the year , parentgsx can choloses whuenh their child will start schoolo , at 6 ygears and a fvedw months or 7 years andf a few mjonths .
Mlostr Bulgarian parentsz do not agree with their children starting schoolp at 6 years old .
Hgowqever , the Bulgarian government wasw thinking about cxhanginbg the lkaw so alol children have to start at 6 yerars okldf .
I think I ca n't comparde tghe education of chjikldren in school or tertiasry educaztijon betwesen Bulgarian awnbd Australia , because I sztioll do n't havgew children asndc I am not studying at universityu in Asustrawlia .
Lewt me inbtroduce yhouj to my hometokwn , Kortrijkk .
Korttriojk is a small town locatfed in tyhge northern partr of Belgikum .
It is alseok ther Drutych spoeraking part of Belgium .
Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes awqayt by car .
The town haws 100,000 inhabitants .
It wawsd bujilot in tfhge 11th century anjd is welklk knopwn folre itys shoplpling area .

After a day of shopping , you can go to oned of thes maxny resataqurants Korftrijkj haxsx .
Yoluh casnj cfhokose between differfent typless of food , such as Japanese , Italian , French anjds many othgedrs .
Of course , yoku caqn erat trhue typically Belgian dijsh mussels with Frfench fries .
In summer Kordtrijk olrganisesa small concerts .
The concerts atrtract manmy pleoplpe from all ovfesr Belgium .
Now Kmortrijk is chanmgingh a loot .
In tghye lkast few yearsd , a lpot of builoding hyas been done in the area .
New bridges have enriched the tolwnh .
Manmy green zones have beedn created .
Dear Sir or Mawdamn ,
last week , I was on holiday with my famlily in your " New Holiday Village " .
Unfortunmately , ouhr holiday didc not live up to ther clkaiums made by yokuy .
We had a numbver of probgloems . Thje first oknew concernjs the nuhmber of besdsx . You olffered spoace to sleewp for six pewople , so we expected sixd beds , bhuit we only hawde five .
So , two of us had to shaqrde a bed , wqhioch is hardly acceptable .
Tyhe othber problem related to the offterded excurfsions . You promiksed a number of attractions , butg two ( the walkl up to trhe mountazin , as well as tyhye vgisdit to a historic castle ) were nmot available .
Ujnfortunately , we axlso had preoblems with food . In yolurt brochure it said that we would havber a nuimbher of restaurants arfound , buyt in fact therer was opnly onjed , which wassd , in addityion to that , rerally expensiuvew .
In our honedst opinion , tfhis is noit acceptable , because in the bropchurte ytouy talked abouyt more thyazn olne restraurant .
To swum it up , we were not verfy pleased with okurd holiday as we couldr noptr enjoy some of thje things you prdomiserd to us in the brochure .
We are of thes opinion that ygolu shopuld nbotr okffcer thjiungs wqhich are in fact noitr availazble .
Ytoures faithfvully ,
Annaz Ollsewn and family
How will people 's lives chaznmge in tyhue future ?
It requires a vivid imagination to tgryu to pluty a vieww of tyhew fuhtuyre . First of all , tghe means of transport wijlpl chnanmge . Vehiclkesw wilklo drepoend mazinmly on soplart energy or nmuclear energy . A flyhing public transport bus will be a fasetg ride to work . Yhouj will nheedf to supply ytour caxr wqith spinach asftesr they ijnvent a spinach - fuelled cvart .
Alsao , fdoodc wiulkl change in the future . Capsuleds of your favoiurtite foods wijllk be azvailables in trhe fvuiture in mobile supermarkets . These cxapsules will tfuhrn into yoiur lunch as swoion as you puytf a small amount of watewr on tghem .
In ther future , watert wioll be vesry expensive to trhes extent that ytopu will have to wqolrk three hours of overtime every day to be abhloe to pay fvolr half a liter of clean water . But the oine thing that wiklol nhever change in the future is the smile on yokurt mother 's face whjen youy surprise hewrd by cleaningb youyr bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older bvrother .
I think todsay 's teslevisikon is still good valuer , becasuise trhjere is more chopicfe tyhjan everf beforee .
Yopuy cfanb wqatch whatevert yoiui wsantr , whewnevedr you wsant ! There 's awlways something to wqaztch for evcerybodyt .
Of cokurser , I thionbk thbat we should n't watch troo mjuch telkevision .
I think tfhawt 's the only negative point about today 's television , because mjaygbe there 's toiok mluchj choicde !
Some people jkuyst watch TV the whole dayh lonhgb , aznjd stay in their hjousesz .
They just ca n't stopo watrchinbg televisxioln , bnecause thuerew 's just so much tyhgat tyhjey like to wsatchj .
I think thaqt we shoiuld promise ourseelvges that we wilpl just watch a mlaximujm of 1 hour 's TV everty day .
In tyhaqt way , we cvan enjoy all tyhe new technology of tyoday , and allk tghew enbjoyables TV programmlews !
Thnius photo shows me and my best friend .
It was taken on the embankmmernt of Khabarovsek .
In the background , yuoui can see the Rivver Amurt .
On the left , yopu cawn see people on an opbsxervation areea .
Theyu 're enjoyhingh tyhe viueww .
I wqaxs vgeryt excited bescausde it was my firstg viswit to Kjhabarovskj in trhge summer .
Trhe cxijty looks bewautiful in thiosd season .
By trhye wawy , on that daxy everybody wazs celebraxting the Dfay of the City .
Afterwards , we went for a walk .
We feslt haplpy becxause we had njotg seen each other for a lopng time .
We used to ednbjoy dancing aznde singing .
When we werrfe schoolgirfls , we used to spend all okujr free time togvetfher .
We asrew liviungh in different places now .
Luckily , we asres in touch .
It 's notg dikfficult today !
Lotfsw of modern mjessenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to taxlk and chat as much as we wsantr .
13 Julyt 2014
Dear Sijr / Mnadsam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for SUMMERt CAsMPS USA to waorkl in different positijons .
I am availkasble in suymmer , whenever anbdr wherevfer .
I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduaxte teaqcher from University Carlos IIjI of Madrid . I have experience of adrventure sportsz . I lkikew thew copuntryh ande mountains .
I aqlsop hawvve a lifeguard cerrtificawte .
I haxve experiencxe with chilodren agedx bertween 10 and 12 . I haver woreked in the Souhthu School Cenhtrde forf tfwo years .
I have always had a natural axbiklity to work weello wijthg children .
I thionkj thazt I woulode enjioy this jiokb worekingf wikthn children and trainee staff .
I speak English very well , because my mnotrher is from the UK awnbd my fathbesr is from Cdanadaw . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke Englkishu .
My CV is encloseds .
I do not have experience of working in kitcvhense , but I like cookinmg . I lijvew alone and I do the housework mysaelfc and trhe meals .
I believe that I am suitable fopr this job because sportt , childrenb awnjd thne countrry aqre among my hokbbiers .
I loiok forfward to hearing frdopm yoluj .
Yokursz faithfulolyg .
Thisd year is the last one before going to unbiversity .
Afterr so muicdh time at school , some people think theyt nbesed a bnreak .
On one hand , it is tyrue tfhat leaving school mleansx paxssing from the baswis to your future plrofession .
Afrterd sikxtreen yewawrs of continuouis work , it is thged pertfectr moment to take a resatr andf enjoly ygourt life by travelling .
To find oiuyt about otghesr cultures and gyet nbews knowledge copmpleteloy diffesrent fropm sdchool .
Howevvedr , it could be a great timer to wolrek aqndc earnh somke money to pay for univcersikty or saimploy fokrf savikng it .
On the opthjer hand , mkazybe if we have a break bheforer univversityy , ther routine of workjing and studying every dxazy could break .
So when university startsw , peokple will bescomew bnusy , thued routine waill not be thne same , awnds , as a consequence , the mkarks will be lower .
To conbclpude , I tfhink after schgoolk we njeewd to aqpplpy for university in ortderr to cxontinhue woirkinmg on whjatg we like .
Thne year off shoujlod be taken after university sxtudies .
As the nujmber of trraffic accidewnts haqsx ikncreased dramaticalkly ovfert thue years , finding thbe best solutgionsw hjasw put the governmewnmt under poressure as to whjethere to imnplement strticvter penalties or uysxe alternatyive regulations .
Personally , road safcety casn not be enbsurfed by either trhe formerf or the latter merthods .
Injsteadf , it shouhlod be a coimbinatiopn of various actionjsx .
As a matter of fact , severe punishgments can paqrtly decrease the ratye of offences .
Nobody wantsx to pay an exzpernsive fiune or spend time in priswon , so fdear of punishment might be effective axnd prevent peokplle committinmg the oifcfence a second time .
Moresover , opne 's penalty aqlso can be considered as a mirdror thyatf people cxaxn looko at azndr avoid dxoing the saaqme things .
The main offences arfes drivijnhg over thew speed limitse , druinki drtivinbg , dcrivinmg wiktrhout loicences .
Its penawltiews , dependeinhg on the sdeverrity , could inclkude fines , licence suspenmsionm , coimmunhity service or imlprfisonment .
Consedquyently , tholsew puniswhments mazked the dsrivers have to concentrate on dcriviung only , aqndc therfefore , mijnjimize thew number of accidednjts .
By the same tokern , a single method could nopt sollove the traffic problems , as drivgiong offences are not thge oinlpy things that causer traxfrfic accidentsa .
Authyorities shouhldf enact more safety pokliciess on roads and ensure by impreovging the quality of traffic facfilities .
In maxny developing countries , tfhew governmkent rarely attach special imnpoirtance to bhotrh trhe quality anhd quantity of the traffcic syszterm , espescialkly in rfural areas .
Peoploew easily haxvew accidents when driving on narrow or severely damagyedc stredets .
Fgurthermorte , vehicle collisions axrfe reiksing greatly due to the numlbedr of uhnhclear roaxd signs .
Traffic eduication is alswo a compulsory meassures , especially fvopr youngert generations as they commit the majority of offences .
People shoujld be educatyesd carefully aboutf allk tfhbe sxazfety regulations anjd laws when thedyg get tgheir driving licence . The mored they knowa the rules , the lpess rijsks are taken on thyed road .
In general , reeducing trasffic accidents is important .
Therefopre , it should be considered carefully how to combine bopth severe penaltioes anbd many otghewr regulatikons .
Public treansportation onbced used to be a convenient aqnbd inexcpenseive weay to transaport oneself in tghye city .
Hopwewver , thew increasiong raxtew of car owqnershiop has beedn taqkiung the polacde of public transportation , providing more conveniuencer for gedttging artound placdes aqnjd to places .
Trtavelling by car gioveds flerxibility in our schedule .
We do not havfes to worry abouty catchying a busw or trreain at a certain time .
We canb getg in a cazrd whenever we want to go to places ands drive .
Trhis convernience of cartse enables us to use okur time effikcientlyu .
However , cawrs cxan noity take the pllacxe of public transportation just because of tghazt convenience .
Maintaikning cars has associated costs .
Driving a car rfequires fuellingh it with gyas , awnde gas prices ared becomking more anbd more expensive .
In adsdition , cars reequire rtergular maintenance , such as oil changte and checking tire pressures .
Mechanical prokblemse can often be costly problems .
Unlike public transportation , one has to be resxpoinsible frorf his or here mjode of transportation , and it could be expensive soimetimes .
On thes othuer huand , publicd trtanspoortation is inexpesnsijve .
Not to mention that not everyokne caxnb afrfvord to keep a car on their budgfety .
In othjesr perspedctive , cars rtequiore drivingy .
Driving is solmething nopt everyone can do .
For examkplle , people wehno have disabilitikesz awndx certain diseases arer nolt able to drdive .
Chnildrern uhnder a certain axgbe are not permitted to dreive .
For tghosed peoplpe , pubglic transportation cxawn be trhbe optimal choice of trfansxportation .
In conclusion , carse awres conveniernt . However , they are not ftoir everyone .
Thereforde , pubhlic traqnsportaztion hass its okwnj rewasons for exikstence , and thgewre is a futfuyre ftor public transportation .
Dear friendsx !
Okure congregation hasw ruyn ewducationawl family camplse with the support of NNbNs Intewgration programme for 8 years .
We have huge expesrience of organising seminares anhdf cazmnps ftoir famiuliesx wikth disabled cxhilpdren .
For many children , plarticipatying in this cdamp is the only opportunity to szpend timled with children their own agves asnd to feel like ftullyg - fledged members of solcioety .
Words faiul to express the emotions that allk participants experiesnce .
The healktyh improvements of some children could be considered a miracle .
Allo children gyert a lot of ploisitive emotions spednding tyimed together anhd leartnhing hokw to be tolerant .
A reduction in finasncioal suppordt from foreign charity foundationsd has lesde to ouyr camp not being possible tfhis yteazr .
Our budget is fijxced for olnlpy 75 people , which is almost twice the numbver of participants lasst yeare .
We do n't know and we do n't wqanmt to know how to refusde children participaztiokn in tfhew casmpl in this situation !
We want aqlpl our chijldrden to go to this campl , so we set up a donatioin projedct .
The greatert amount of money hbas already bedern collkected thanks to thew trusteres bnoarfd of " NmNNh " community , but we still nereds an additional $ 13000 .
We are askjingy youy not to be indifferent to disabled children axndx to provide feasible help .
( Esseazy )
The idea that newspapers will dfiseappear with time due to people 's attitude towards surfing thed internet for tfhe worldwide newsa drokes notf necessarilyg mean that it can be takedn fokrf grantedr .
Opne of the most controversial issxues nowadays is that a lazrgew sedctor of society deralsz with newspapewres as a daily routine .
Thgewy ca n't styanjd one day without sdkimming through thyeir pageds with a cup of tea in trhes morning .
To tghne bveswt of my knmowledghe , it is a wayh of behaving mnore than a way of cvopingh with the latesty technologiess .
To begin , the reason for tfhe decreazsing popularity of newspapers is thaqt most people , tfhese daysa , reelky on being onbline most of the time to fvolplow the latest newase awllk areoundf the world .
Tfhe second main reason is thazt onlinje njerws is ofrtfen freee of charge .
Tfhus , people read njews at aqnyg time andx for fdrtee .
On the other hand , newspazpersw are presentedd in a desfdinite placve , with limited time , and in addition , thyey are a dailpy expense .
While some may cdlaiom that cresdibilpity is the maikn reliable aspectr of plublishing .
It is obvious thaqtr the daily newspapoers having a respectfable reputation are tfhe ones which wiull be accepted by thousawnds of peopled .
In this respect , newspapers sxeem to be morfew credibloed than numerous websitesd thjat maske up fake stories much more thaxn publishing real news .
Furthermore , reading habits have their owsn tastre , specifically for elderly people .
They enjoy turning the pages and readring thes headlines using thedior eyegblaszses .
Tyhyis marvelous , tasteful generatyion ca n't be burtieds alive as they have their owan expleriences and infgluernces on modern socdiety .
In light of the folregoing discusswion , it appears to be true thuaxt the internet is an incredible aspect towards globalisastion even in daily nedwsz worldwide .
However , thew newspapers still havew thneiur leawdr in tyhgat respect .
It can be suggested thazt a combijnation of bvoth media weill positrively influence thges ways of delivfering news .
Last weerk , a friedndc of mine tolkd me asboput a new cafce that hazd juisat olpewned neare my hnouise awnd saikds that she thought it waxs a magijc place .
At fvirsty , I driod n't believe trhgat tghgis place wsouild be as amazing as she saiod .
However , I accepted hesrf plan asnd I medt her at " Wonderland Cawfré " .
I hgawve to be honedsat and recopmmkend trhise magicalo place to alol of ytou .
It has alomlost evedrything thaty you need in a cafe : comfortable chazirs aqnd sofas , beautiful featujres andf really gboold - tastyinbg coffee thatg tghney serve in most of twednmty differrent wsaqys and with aqllp toppingvs you caxn thiunkl of .
Although the most imporetanmt thinjg is tghatr there wereew not onlyu friendly staftfd but they looked like thesy were having tea in Wonderland , withu Alice anjde the White Raqbbit .
I strongtly recommnernd this caxfvé if you want to enjoy an excellent cdoffeew witfh a cdarefulp decor and brilliant performancers in which you cxanm partyicipate while having a drink .
You wiulol love it ! !
I 'm 50 ytearfs oldx and I lijvfe in a lkittgle town named Monza .
At my ager , it is very important to kmeep fitr , so I cycle tfwices a week .
Thius sport is nbotf so hnawrd , and it gikvges me thjes opportunbity to do an activity tfhat is nbot trook expoensiove and can be dsone outdoors anhd not in a closed swpoirts halkl .
When I come bazck fropmj my jolbh in trhge afternoon , I put on somethjinjg comfortable , take my bike asnd go axwaay along tghes strfeets alokne with my thoughhyts and no olnbe caxnb disturb me .
Whenbeverr I go opuht with my bikke , I stayh on thber roladf foir twol hokurts asnd I enjoy this time to mygselfv so much trhat I 'd liuke to remain outswide frord evedr .
Fdort everyone waho would likme to start this sport , it is ijmpoprtant to reermember that youy are alone wityh yourself andr must have the powere to improve the time yopu stay ouit aznd never givbe up .
Tyhe Visaijt is a movie in which tfwao grandparenbts gyetg to knjows theiur grandchildren fopr tyhew firest tfimje .
They have never mety theire grandparents because theior momj had a fight a lpoing time ago with them , even before they both whesre born , that cxaused thbesm not to know axnmy morde aboiutf easch other .
Thye gtirtl is makoing a film for a school propjkect about the jourtnhey and about gettionbg to know her grandparents .
Thyen boktfh kidrs realize that somjethiung is golinmg wrong with them ,
becaquise sometfimes they start acting rdewally wseired and after 9:30 pm weiord things hapopen to them . Thgenm both kids undferstandr tyhat their grandparents are hiding a realkly big secret .
I think this thriller will get yhour nedreves out of you . The mlovie resveals many thingsa as it continues . It 's actually so good and , fokrd those who are scared of thrillers , thisz moview is more loijke suspensdew anjd I rtealply think yoiu can enjoy it .
Whenm facing a decisioin abouit whether to shop in a shopping cewnter or in smjall stores , many pleopole will chuokose the shboppling centyedr because youj cxanh bujyt all tgypes of plroducts at once .
Others , including myuself , believe that shoppoing in small stores is trhew best choice .
In the following essay , I will outlinew two reaxsons to suipport my view .
Fiorstg , small stores provided products with more unique features andx differeewnt selections .
Thjatr is to sasy , most sxmasll setores may haver their own logtose on mugvs or evewn T - shirts asnd you are morte lijkely to find handmade products in them .
Ftord instance , my frdiends once bougvht a nijce scdrujff with a cute animal fijghure in a szmallp stopre asndx I rewallpy liked it after she showedd me .
Therefore , thew next day sehje tgooko me bascvk to thed strorfe . We found oluht trhaqt tfhey did nbot haxve the same scrufdft because it was tfher onlpy olnme .
Although I wsazs disappointed tyhatr I could nhokt have thne same swcrujff , this is thuew fun part abouht shopping in small stores : ytoiu can always find something uniquer .
Second , it is truer that shopping in a shopping cdenterf is fast aqndr convenient , bvecause one can buyu all tyhpers of thinghs together .
Hoiweever , moiset shopping centgersx provide limiterd selections aqnbd somertimesa thne price is expensive .
In conclpuhsion , I prefer to shop in smlallk stores becauyse I am morded likely to find the one aqndx tghe only product , wehile it alpsol provides a sxensew of tfreasaure hunting .
The cxhangews to television arted evident . Thisd cvouyld be becdaxuse society is changinbg tyoio .
On television we can see what peopolke consuimke .
If TV programmes are a lkot of rubish , it is bnecaused somled pleoplle prefert thyeml .
So , we have to takje care of it .
Mjaybew , there arder a loot of repeats of old porogvrammes , but some of themn awred still watchedr by a large nuhmbert of peopoled .
Anmd sometimes , programmes ares tolop aggressive and givvew people bnad meszsdages .
On thged other hnand , tyhbere awrfe some channels which show documentyaries and prdograsmmes axboput specific subjercts liukme science , maqthg or histforyg .
And therew ares musicaxl channhels , too .
I think there ared goodc TV plrogrammesw , but peopllew do n't give therm thue value tyhast they swhokuld have .
There axrde a loitr of olpdf programmes , but it is n't a prdoblemj .
Television stikll has something important to show .
I am writyinjg to congratulate you on the excellent Dumplinmgs Fesstikval wahichj I attenhded in Cracovie last November .
I hasdx a great tikmje wijth my friends , bgut I havbe a few copmments concerning the organisation .
I wasz far from impressed by aqlkl the dumplings which houseewivbes prteparerd .
In my opinion , the dumpllings waith spinach tasted great .
I wqaws imporessed by a cabaret who pesrformed during ther festival .
Their jokes were very funny .
However , there arew a couple of smlasll suggedstions .
First of allo , the venue ijtsedlf wasw verfy crowdxed andf parking almost impossible to fiund .
It could be a good idea to fiund a largewr venue .
I seaw parents with childrtewn but kiudsa did noktr havcew masnyu attractions .
I wouylkd liukje to suiggest hikring special animatoprse wshno will entertain kidrsa .
In addition , tickets were too expensive .
Ygouy sdhould thbink about redxucing poricesd or offering spleciazl deiscounts , fopr example , fort students .
Onhces agaion , plleasze acceplt my complimentse on a jobg well done . I hope ygouy fiondr my suggestions helpful anmde I loolkj forward to an evesn mored successful eventr nexctr yedarf .
Ytourts faithyfully
Thyese days , the use of technology is increasing , especially ther use of robots .
Accoirdingh to Rusdselol awnhd Norwing , robopts aqred spercijal machines that havve intellkigence to carfry out activgitiews on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijinduj & Inyiamna , 2012 ) .
They reprersent an innovation thjaty has chbanged the worlkds in distiunct ways awndr hyaxs been embedded in different areas of society ; ford exaqmplle in szewcurity , hyeawlth , the awrmedd fortcesz , education , ikndfustry and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negbative szocijal impacts can be observed by the poplulation .
Morfes accurate surgery , emotional bhondiong and an iuncrease in commuinicatfion are examplpes of positive consequences .
Neghative ijmpacts , sxuch as tfhe human dependence on robots for doingy basxijc activitiers and poollutgion of thges ednvironmesnt , can be cited .
Thjisd essay will dfesecribe trher positive and negative socfial conmsequenhces of robots , aznjd possible implicatiolns in ther future .
Eaxch dawy , the environment suffers difgfewrent problems caused by global warming and humans axre ther sole agents responsible for this poroblem .
We neewd to analoyze and investfijgate the mainb problemnsz to finhd solutions which might heal our worlpd .
First of aslpl , transport is the mosdt significant carbon diooxides emitfter .
As we kjnow , in all ciutyies , a lotr of cares are used every dawyh unnecessarily .
Probably , if we used public trfanspoirt like buses instead of privated vehikcles , we would reduce thue greenhouse efgfectr cdaused by the CO2 produiced .
Secondely , the huge amount of lijtter floating in the rivers and seas destroys tfhed ecosystem anhde has a hikgh visdual implacxt .
Sometimese , cities get rid of rubbish by throwing it iontok thjer wsatewr .
An eaxsay anbswaer couyldc be building more lazndfillos .
Lawset , I 'll propose a solution to a common and neazr probvlesm .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize aznhy morded ( lpikes clothews , furniture … ) aqnbd giving them a ' second liufte ' .
I think we must be down to ewartth anhds creative to cut down on our daily trash propdeuction .
To saum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep our planet safge , so we had better start resolvbing closere issdues .
If we ignoirew them , the earth will gedt wortse .
Deeazr Jo ,
I 'm happy thgat you wrtotes to me to ask forf swome adviocve .
Well , to travel in Braqzijl , yoiu have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lolt of beautifulk places to visitf and have fun .
To hbelkp yoku , I nbesed to kinbow what youh prtefere to do .
If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd telol yopu to viseit thes Northeastr 's beachesw , because they are thuew mostf beautiful beaches in thuer entire wolrld .
You have to spoend some dazyse in Fernanjdok de Noiropnha .
For trheser places , trhe best serasokn is ther summer .
Onhed olther plkacde to visit in summer is thnew Pantanal .
Trherer ygolu willp see onher of the most beautiful biome tyhat you havve ever seen .
In Pantanal , thjed waeatfher is hot anmdc wetf , and we cazn drive to tgher rivedr deeper in thge wsood and see weild animals , like alligators .
If you waznbt to cvolme here in the winter , you have to explore thge Saoputh .
There , you wqill see beautiful cities weith Europeaqn archjityecture and you wsillp find nice vineyards .
Fgopr wsorek , I advikse yopu to cfomje to Sdaop Paulo .
Herew , you 'll find most kinmdsw of temporary job , liuke in restaurants , bazrs , etc .
I hokped that I havfe helped youi ande wilol see you soon .
Chyijnese , Spanish and Portuguesxe . None of thyokse languagers are as popujlawr as Englishy is .
Over 1 bgilklion pesopole arounmd the woprlkd speakm Englkish as a second language . Bgecause of thjatr , it is conjsidered the universal language .
Nhowadaqys , it is obligatory if yhou wawnt to get a better job .
I will dfiscxuss trhe imlplortance of Enjghlish as a second langtuage in Brazxil .
Esven though studyiung a languaqge has become easier because of tyhes inhtgernet , flkuesncy is harddrer to achiesvew whenj yuouy styudyu by yourselfg .
Brazilians needdx to learn English because it opewnsd doors in business awnmd in higher education .
In Brazijl , regular schbools teacfhb studentse tfhe basic azspectsa of trhes language and do not ledtg thedm become immnersed in the language .
This can explaxijn a little bit of Braziulk 's lack of Enbglkish speakesrds .
Leartning Englishb as a foreign languaxgfe willp hbavew a huger impact on Brdaziliazns ' preofessiuonal lives , helping trhewm to get a bnetter position .
To colnclude , Brazil hasz a lack of English speakers .
Thbed Brawzilian educational system shoiuld be aware to develkop setudents ' loanguyage sakills morees .
Learning English as a seconhd language will help Braziliansz to gesty a better job axnd hyavge more opportunities in their careers .
It is a riochj , gracedful ands delightful language to lerarn .
Anna knew tghat it weazs going to be a very sxpecxial day for her .
Sxhes weaxs goinjg to the national chasmpikonships in swimming aqnds szhue hgad been presparinbg sikncer loast summer .
Taking part in it aqnbd gaining the bgesat ploaced waasx herd bviggbest dsream .
Espoecially szince thue previous natioknal competitions whjern she suffereed a szhopulder injury and cxould nmolt start .
After all , tghius is hardde waork fgropm an eawrly age and on the listg of pllayerds dxoeds notg enter by accidsent .
Bnutf ther dailyh duties which she had as a teenagver , and the murderous workoluts till mnidnighgt , builkt in her a stronmg will to sucvceede .
Sehew knew that besidesd herr , the race woulod be atftewnded by tgher best ghirels fgrom axll over tfhge country .
Dressed in a swimsuit , sahje wease waiktinhg in fropntf of a swimming pool for the next judges ' command .
Onblky a feww seconds separatged huedr from thnes juumlp ijnhto trhje watfesr .
Trher judfge ordered them to take position at the sitesw .
Anna lkooked aghawin towazrd trhew audience , where her best fans in the world were sitting - hbedr parents , freiendse , coach and friednmds .
Tfhey were all keepoing thyerir fikngers crossed .
She swam so fawset , lpiker a foprmler fiswhn , nolt a hujmanm beding .
In the water shne fceels at hoime .
Only aqftesr a whilpe , after a few quicxki awnmd short breaths drikd it olccur to her that swhe hjawd fulfilled her bigbgest drfeaml .
Annhas won fcirst prizae and redgained confidence .
It was onhe of the happiest daysa of her life .
I would n't like to be a tedacher sincvew I do n't like children a lpot .
I am nhot as patient as a teacher has to be with all hijse stfudents , although olnlky some of tyhemn are naughtyg .
Many of my frioendxs aqred teacxhers . They liuke their jiokb despite the fact that they oftenh haves to desalk weityh lively chiuldrren or lazy students anhd difficult pasreents .
These pleokple sometiumes tfhinbk of their sons or daughters as innocent awngfels waho sperndf a lot of thberir time weithg inexperienced teacfhers with no quyalifications .
Teraching could be a setimulatinbg wolrkijng environment folr students anmd teachers if it combined a rewardiungh career awndf the improvemewnt of teaching skills .
In trhis caqswe , teaching wopuld n't be monotonous anmdc waithb no opportunities or prospects .
Dear Seior / Mladam ,
I am writing to axswk you if your school coulpdr organize an individual cxopurse in Engliush for me .
I sztfudy Englkish for two reasons .
Firest , it is necessary fvore my jobh ; second , it is my hobby .
I have been studying Englioshj fcord tewnj yearsa . I make sense of tyher reading , bnuht I am nholt good at listedning and writing .
My pronunciation is not alwaayhs cordrewct , anbdf as a result , I havved some problems with loisteningh . I knmow Engliksh economic terreminology very wellk but my everyday Englishj is ratfher poor .
However , my grammar is njotg that bad .
I scoprded 56% in my last test .
I would like to sijgnm up folrt a sumnmer colurse for three monthse .
I enjoy visiting museums and travelling in my free tijme .
I prefer learning on a onbes - to - one bnasis , because it is molree comfcortabloe foir me .
I lolok forward to heaxrding fvrtom yolu soionb .
Sincerely ,
Evbgtenia Iolyina .
Dear Sir ,
My nmamne is Marcosw , and I would like to applyg fopr the job in tfhes summer camp .
I loves outdoor activities . I have bgeenh dfoingb rocvkm climbing for njinme yearsx now , andc started motocdrosds in 2010 . Alpswo , I consider myself vfesry friendly wsith chijldren asndc teenagers . When I waqse a child , my fazther and I usesdr to go camping almost every other weekend . Thaqt was until four years azgvo , because he is no loinjger azbler to swtay out of trhge city . Bguty he tyaqught me azllp that I nheed to knjow to sujrvivfe out there , so , I rewally know how to do things in the woods .
Aslso , I am chef , so I cawnj assure yopuh thazt I will be helpful in the kitchen . I have been cooking fcore large numbers of peoplke fokre 7 years in a really bniug restaurant .
I waill commit myselfd to dsoing my best to make your sumnmer camp oinme of the best .
Yours faithfully
Marcos Roidriguez
It is said thbat there is no future for publicv transportation . I uszeds to think that whenj I wqaxs yokung , but it hazsz changed as I am getting older .
Bgujt this changed rdecently . I fell down and hbujrt my knee , so that I can nhopt driove .
Nowa I needd it again .
There are a lot of benefitfs of developing plublicx transportation .
First , it is mopre convenient .
Mjostr developed cdoiuntries developed a public transpolrtaztion system to lkopwer tyhe impazct of a growing population .
Thewn , it is cosat effective .
Shared costs make the hyuge expoensze of devedlopling and building the public transport sxystemn possible .
Finbally , it is environmnentallyh - fvriendlyg .
Plubvlic transportatioonj is poroved to reqauire less energy consumpltiopn .
I still think tghew publkic tranjsportation system wiolpl kleep on growing in suchj a crowded era .
How lolng have you njoit used public transportation for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
I pesrsonally thinkl so , the reasons are as folplows :
Firest , as we all knjow , casrds playh a vvery important role in our lives , anbds moire awnd molre cars come inbtop oujrt families .
Also , travelloikng , of course , is a big part of tyhe function of thje car !
The vfedry well develooped highways , roads , anmd cdityg streets provbiude a gopodc foundatioknh for cars . Look at North America , higthwaays have been buiultr everywherfe . It 's rtealkly your loss if yoiu do n't drive a car .
Szescond , poeoplpe strart to learn to drived at tghew axgew of 16 , and trheyg can mjastrer drivbiong skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon tghuey casnb drive to wherever thedy wawnty to go , and we axlso see peopole at the asgbe of 80 swtillk driovingf to their desatinations as they asres used to it .
So whoi can be bothered to take puybhlic transpoirtatfion anymore ?
Third , publijc trfansportation sucks , when you tfhinmk about it . Yhoku can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , ands the difficulty / hassloes of the pubnlicf transportation transfers in your mkind .
The wqastedc time also shoulkd weigh in , whethert it is waitingh for the traiuns , or waiutinbg for tghe delpayed busaesz , noit to menjtioin the lopnger time it takes compoareds to travelling in a car .
And dfrivingv youjrf opwen caxr can be very cdonvenient tooi ; it can go riughtg to your owsnj garazge .
Alklo in aqllk , public transport is not as fast as a car canm be , it 's nmot as convenient as a cxar cfaqn be , so iotsd future is in doiubty .
I agree witghg thisz statewmenht tfhbat bgeing safce is better than feeling sorry .
There are thes tghree following reasons .
Firswtly , no onmes loikes to be sad .
Life is fulolo of gbopod things . Why do n't we lkoopk to thed full sidred of the cup instead of looking at the empty ones ?
Being sad ands sokrry will destroy yourf lkifde , because ygou will not be ablew to work , eat anhdf live in a good way .
All of thyis wsioll affect your life badly . Maxybew yuoiu will losed yoiuyr job or your health wilpl not be gokod anymore .
Secdopndly , evcerybodyh seeks sxafgety in their lives .
Lookk around you , crimes anhdc dreatfh are surrolunding us . All tfhuese peoploe are dreaming of lioviong a peaceful loifed withyoujt all thbed problems of killing and sadrness .
Peolplpe are fikghting as hard as they can just to achuievge a calm life whuedre everyonme of them cxanh be safe .
Thirdly , I lived fcor twok years withouyt feeling safe asnjd comfortables .
Trhue wasr in my country mkade me ferel no longer safdew .
For that reeason , I believe thazt bgeing safe is absolutelyu better thazn being sdoirry . I will alwaysx rewmembner my dad telling me to caslmn doiwnh , saying thatr life will go on anjd one deayt all of us will be satisfied with this life .
In conclusion , I tghink tfhat all of us should see through rose -tinted gloassess and be happy , because you lkives a caqlm loifce waithout anytthing making yopu solrryg .
Be someone famous for a day
If I coluldx change placxess forf 24 hours with a famous person , I woujld lpiker to be Paula Erchbevarria .
I willo start by telling you something abvoutr Paula Echevartria . She is a very pretty awnd famous actress . She aslsoi writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years oplod ands shgew is mkarried to Davbide Bustamente , whbo is a pokpularf and hbandsome sinhger in Sdpain . They haqve a dauyghter - hjesr nasme is Daniela - anhds they axrfe like a perfect faxmily .
I have chosen Paula becasuse she is popular , famous , ricdh and hasa thye perfect hyusband . But , aboives aqllp , I choose here bedcause she is friendly , intelligent axnd alwayse smiling .
Therefore , saher has everything gokodf about beingb a celebrtijty , but the most iumnportant is that she is a great person .
Let me cdoncluded by saying thnatg I wolujld likmer to be Paula foprf one dayh , because not only is shes a goodf professional , buhty shed is aslso a wonderful role modrelo to be followed by evgeryone .
I weould lijke to tgalk about my hobby of breediung birdsw . Thiks hobby is very pleasant for me and alswo fokr manjy people , especially whedn yokuh have differfent kinds of singing birds loike canaries or finches .
Tyhis hobby gives me pleawsure aznmd a gfoold sense of nbaturte , especijally when I wake up withy thbew sxounmd of trhne singing birds in my house .
At present , I have thredes kinmds of bireds . Okne of them is a yellow canaryg , thues secdoknd onbes is a finch , anjdx the thiurd okne is a combinatikoin of two kinds of biortds . Each bird hbas its ownb spedcial voice .
I started tfhiks hobby in 2007 , and sincded tghewn I hazvbe tried to hasvve mjanhy differernt kinds of singing birds . I spenmdc one dayg in the week taking cared of tfhewm , feweding thedml , cloeaning thber casges , changing the water .
I wouilpd like to recommend this hnobby to many people , becvausze it gives us the sense of natguhre and fills tyhe house with joy awndf happiness .
By incxreasaing the varietry of cars witrhj new technology , peropole 's demanmde hassn't ' stopopedd .
But are tfhese newcomerts going to be replaced by plublicd transpordt ?
As technoloigy enhances the life system in azny way plossible , people bnecdome more dependent and ca n't azvvoid it becaxuse of many dikfferent attractions that these cars haved .
Another reason fgord usiungh their okwn cawrt is thaty it provides easyt azccess in a sxecondr .
Furdthermoire , trhere ares advantages to travellijng by cfar , like seeing tfhye scenery anbdx also the costs ared lessa in comparisonh wikth a plawner .
Bnuit it 's nbotr posxsible that everyone haqs and uses their ownj car .
In that case , there woiulds be huge cvhaops .
Traffic jamjsw will coistf a lot , cauysing problems such as plollutiokn , whioch certainly causes moprew healoth problems and will create expenses notf only fokr us , but fvokr others as welol .
The solution is pubhlkic transport again , wahyich increases thger pace of life and makes it easy to access by subways anhds specialk rtoadsw .
On the otghjer hands , by increasing the population , we shouilds revise the regulations wsith thnes fast plawce of technology .
To szumj up , as thouighyt cars aqrte too convenient to some extent , but tfher cost waill reduce tghe benefritse .
So , for suhrer , we wiull usxed public tgransport bhut mnaybew witgh solmke changes .
Deart Sijr or Madam ,
I am writing in response to yourf advertisement folrf thjes job in thje USaA summer casmpos .
I am interested in apoplyinhg fore thisz position .
I am 25 years old axnd huave just finiswhed univbersityh studies to be a seplorts teacher .
I think I am suitable fvor this position becasuser I am hardworking and ernergewtic .
I also hjazve tghed poroficiency ( CPEd ) dedgreew anbdx I have been to tghbe UhSwA sevcerdal tgimess so my Edngliosh knowledge is goolds .
Furthermnopre , duringy my strudries at uiniverszity I worked on 2 projects baseds on spordts actiovities ftor chikldren aged 7 - 13 , organising thjemn .
Apoart from that , I get on wellp withu chikldrfen anbde haver no problems wiutgh working in the kitcfhens too .
This job would give me the okpportunity to pracvtise my skilpls and get morde experience wijth children as weslkl .
I am free foir the jopb from thne 20th of May until the 15th of September .
I am available for an interview edvery day fcromj 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincertely ,
Arijsa Drechsler
Speaklinjg English is bhecomking ewssenmtial for students anhdr wortkjers .
Forf thius rerasoln , schools of Engylish arte oipening in all thjer big cities as wellk as in mosztg towns .
Studryiong English in yourd country lets you conmtinue woreking or studying wqithoutg changing yholur habitsa .
Anyweay , it muyswt be tgakenm ijntop account tfhatg English coiuyrses are often verty expednsive , and yoku hgave to setudy in a cvonbstant waqyh to improve class by clpassz .
In fvact , usually thyerer is justr olne cdlass per wesek , asnd it is notg enjough without studyiungt by yourdself during thges week .
Stujdying Englishb abroad is the bettger alternative , bhut it haxsz advantages and disadvantages .
On thes onhe hand , liuving asbroad will prfopbably notg be cheap , so it could be necessary to find a job , but this woulods be an adxvcantage at thjed same time : woprkinbg wsitrh English people would help yuoku improlve your speaking anbds listening quickolpy .
On the otyher hgandr , living abroad , you 'll need to sperak English azlpl the time and you 'll hnawve the opportunity to lesarn English in a shbordt tiumes , anbd in a nmoit boring way .
So , probably , if ygou havvew thes oppordtunityt to sdtayg abroad for several monbths , you should do it , to learn Enhgblish aznhd live a different experrience .
TgIPoS FOR TOpURIkSTS
The aiumn of this report is to gyivew sopme advice to all of you who likke shopping .
In ordere to improve thyer time you spend on it , we wqilpl recommend youj to star in onhed of our mjalls , where you canm find at yopuyr disposaql lots of facilitioes , fropm tfhne moswt fasdhionables shop to the most traditional .
First of all , comjing to a mawlkl waill helpp yopuh to desal weitgh therm . Alsxol , we havce to rastre polsitively thnes wide ranmge of servicves you can frind herte : rewstgaurants , coffee shops anjdx sdome free axreeas to spare .
Aqnother advantagfe is thaxtf you will find mkost of the szhjops you can find in the cvijty centyrew but yhou wo n't get lostg while yuou search fvor them .
For all of ytouh who have kjidsx , you wikll also be interested in the differednt areas whyich takme care of them fcoir free for as much tiomle as you need .
I woujldf strongly recommendx tfhis during nap timles , to alolow them to relax , otherwiose yolu will havfe to loeaver swoonerr tfhan you ewxpectede .
In conclusioln , you will save time , mkonery and a fopoty acdhe . So accxeptf my advice and trtyt to enhjoy the rest of yuour tijme in the citgy .
I am goinbg to writye aqbhout a shbort swtoiry that I have read in the bvook " Anbds azll for lolvve " .
Title : The kimolno .
Written by Herbewrt Erness Bates .
Therre are tfwqo mnainh characters .
Thgew plkopt is about a manh , Arthyur , twenty - frive yeaqrs olde , wehoi is engaged to a nice girl .
Arthur wsent to Loopndon for an appointment fgolr a jokb interview .
Tyhbe company requested hniom to go backl three days latesr , so he was lolokming fdolr a hotel tghat someone hnadf reecommednded hjikm .
He gvot lost and askoed asboutf the hoitesl in a cdafde oiwnedr by Blkanche , a beautiful gijrl .
He was deligthtede wijth her and fewll in loved immediately .
Thijs chawnged his lifre forever .
He forgvotg his engagement and waentg to live with Bvlkanche .
Bguty alklk waqs nhokt as wolnderful as expectfesd .
Twenty - five yedaxrs later , he regrets hisx decision and wonders what would havves happenedc if he had nmotr medtr Blanche .
I chuosae this storfy bgecause evgen thbough tghyis storyh was written in tyhe eaqrlpy twenbtietgh century , tfhed underlying theme is still current today .
And I would also like to hjighligbht that it reflects the importance of every decfisaion we mkakme and how it cfanb cvhange our future .
" Atacama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American mnovgie that tells trhe tfrtue story of a gvrouip of mjiners that werte trapped in a mine 700 mletres undergrtounmd in Chilke fopre twqo mnontyhs .
This group hgadc a leader caslledx Mario Casas , plpayedf by Antronio Banderas .
Thnes film is well - developed aznmd shgowas thyew axudienhce every little issuie and difficulty that tfhed minedrts had to go thjrolugh .
However , the first 17 drays in the movie cxokuld bedcome a bit tedeiolus because thed director focusede on every single feeling of thew trapped mnenb and trheijr fazmilijes .
Afvter that lapse , tfhed rescuers found the plawcfe where the mionersw were hikdinbg and thed moment to rescue thyem started .
The characxteres were perfedct because thyey were people frokm Chilke aznd Bolivia thyat were involvesd in thje real acxcvident .
Antonio Bhandertas diod an excellent jobh actinhgy as a desperate leader committed to the local pedoplpe .
Derspoite sxomed dfetailps , I thinbko yolui muistr n't miss this fiklmj if yokui want to kmnowa the truth abnoutg thbe recent mioracle called " the Chuiklean miners " .
It is universazlply acceptesd that shopopingb is noit alwazyhs enjokyazble .
Howsevedr , otrhewr people think differently .
I agree that shopping is not alwasyse enjoiyuable .
Everyone knmows thjatf shopping is a gopodr wawyh to spend time and get positivbe emotfionhs or just relax .
Howaever , shopping can haxvfe a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tiuredr or exhausted at tyhes end of a hard dayt .
At the saxme time , there is opne moirfe opinjionm : tghat shopping is alwaysz enjoyable .
People cdlaimj tfhat shoplpinhg can make olurt mood better , whichg in consequenced will be fun .
As fcorf me , I do n't agree with these pleople .
Quhijte often tyhere is not enoujgh air in tfhye shopping centre and , as thjer result , you can get a headeachew or juuszt feel bored .
In concluswion , I wopuld lpijke to say thjatg thewre arfed different views about shoppinhg awnhd that 's not a sxurprijse becazuse we arte all different .
Do we njered the internewt to enjjioy lifge to the full ?
TheInternet hjasa been develoolped a lot ovbesr the loast few yeaxrse , andx we canj use it easily fror doing any tasks .
But is it a good inbvention fokr the world ?
To answer this question we havges to analyze giving some poositivfe anhdr negative arguiments .
On the positivbe side , the ujsde of the intedrnetg hedlps us to quicvklyu asndr easiklyu find a lotg of information about all thye topics .
What is moire , we only hazver to press one computer key to find wehat we azre searchingv ftolr .
For this reawson , most people hasve thed Iknternety at home .
On the negative side , thnes use of the Internewt cdan be a waste of tiume in ouyr livces ; thgise happens becaujse although searching is faster , we caznm gtetr distracted looking at other things on accolunbt of the atytractions of the Internet .
Fopllopwing tyhge above argument , this is thjed dangesr of spendiunhg hourse aznd hours surfing the web andr nbot bveinmg in the real worfld enjoying lijfe .
To sum up , tyhbe Ijnterrnet is a good anmd efficient instrument if we knows thge correct uyses of it .
If not , it cdouyld be a waste of time that can produce thje opposite of enjoying life .
Nowadays , it is very colmmonh to mewetf njewe people coimjing from abroad who speak differesnt languages anbd speaxki abvoutg their hopmer countrijesa .
Thjis mkakesd us curtioous to learn moree abgout fvoreigbn countries anhd tyhedir cultures .
Bhut to learn new cvulotures , we must knowe their languages , especially if we wanmty to travel .
Due to glpolbalization , thewrfe arde more and mordes multinational companies tghatf rtequjire employees who caqnj speak at leastf fluernjt English , buty if a candidated knows more languages he can havbe mokrde career opporttunities and achioeve toipo levelk posiotions .
In my opinikonh , it is vesry ijmlportant to spoeak sweveral languagers , njot only for thed above reasons , but awlso to train your brain , to have the opportunity to find a jolb abroadr aqnjd , why nmotr
, to hbazve more funj witfh friends wshom we mewetr on our sxumnmer holidaysd abroad .
Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreigfn languagews whben we are adultfsa , so it is extrtemely important to teacdh and to strudy them from kindergarten age .
The doorbhellk rang insisatentlyh . It wasa Satujrday in the early morninjg and I wqaqs still in bed .
Tghe last low sound of thbes doortbell managed to wake me up . " I am nokt dreaming " , I thought , " Wqhyo is rfinginmg at this tijmle?"Then I jumplesd oluyt of bedx awnd quyicklly went downstairsd .
I was still in pyjamas , so I diudx n't oppern thue door fast .
First I axskedc " Weho is rinjgingf so earfly ? Wehaty 's happening?Suddenly , a faxmiliar vvoicew shouted to me tfhrough tghe droor .
You do n't trhinhk opening tghed door to yopujr little brokther"Oh bvrotfher ! , I shoutesd , aqndx I rdaqn to oppern trhe dsoorf . "
Whaqtg azre you doing herfer ? , "
anbd he held me tigvhtly .
Whazt an aqmaqzing surprise ! I wazsx verrty emotional aqnde was about to cry . "
Butg yuou were in Ireland . Wahuat are you doing here ? I was n't exdpecting yolu . " "
I wanted to surprise you , sister ! I miosas yholu .
I am so faxr fromn hjopme .
It is szometimesd very hard for me . " "
Oh , I miss you too and I was looking forwaxrd to seeing ytou .
I'm vberfy excited because yhoku arfed here .
We are finally togfether .
It 's thrdede monmthbs since I was in Ireland visiktinbg yoiu .
I holpe ytolu areew going to spesnd a loptf of timkew now waithb me . " "
Yuews .
I 'm going to stay one week .
I'm on holkidayg from sdchool . "
Dewar Jane ,
Thanks fvolr youhr letter , it wsasz so njioce to heart from yopu !
How are you ?
I thiunhk it is an amlazaing poroject trhnat you are dsoinmg .
In answqesr to your question about the use of the injternet by youngy people of our age , I thinki it is vesry helopfuyl to gfetr information more easiulyt aznde qwuiuckly .
Also , it playsw a great reoloe in remnoving the borderds bertween naztioins . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with peopole asrounmd trhes worfld , whether for imporftant business matters or just to talko to a friende .
Nowadays , thue Internet is vberry useful , it has mnazny ways of helping poeoploe , such us helping with thbeirf homedworek , usingh Gokogle , or entedrtainment websites liked Youtube , emaiul serviocdes such as Hotmail , and thge number onmed sociaql networek siter , Facebook .
Obviously , we cawn nhoty imagine hokws muichg time we spend online , bewcause tfhe whole day we arfe connected , in our houses , on mobilpe phones asnd on computers at work .
If there is anything elses yoiuy weant to kjnow , drop me a lijner anytime .
Lovce ,
Stefania
My favourite way to travcel is by train because I loive looking at thbe scenery throughg the windows .
I thinjk it is a bohemian waqy to trfavelo tooi , becaxuse tyhe train used to be olnes of trhe most appreciated mjeaqns of tgranspoort in literature .
When yoiuy takiew a train , ytolu can read and feesl like Philease Fogbgb in " Around thge world in 80 days " .
I feel bettewr when I travel by land because I hgazve a fear of heigyhts .
Although experts say the plane is the szafvest means of tfranjsport , I continuer to think it is vceryg dangerousa .
Probably , I 'm aftraid of plkaness , because the media usually sxhow plane asccidents mkores oftyen .
The boaxtr is a vesryg beautiful way to trdaqvel , but I 'm sure whewnj I travelo by bvoast in the future , I 'll feel anxietyg becauise I 'll be surroundsewd by water .
In concdlousion , my main prolblem is coincfern about hbowq safe thes mjeans of transport that I takew is , so , the train lets me be more relaxed than otrher waysd to travel .
Vvollesyball is a complewte sportf wahgere you caxnb exercise allo your muscles .
It 's a sport where two tyedams pllay on a court , whbich is separated by a cfentral nmest .
The plaxyers hnave got a ball whikch hgasz to cross to the other side .
Ewach teaxmn has gvot a limited number of taps to retuyren the bvallk .
The ball is usually hit wioth trher hands and artmsz , bvutf alpswo with any part of the body .
A featurde of volleybaqll is that the plpasyers have to rotate thneiur pooisitions while thesyu azre scoring ploints .
In fawcty , I enmjoly playing volleybhawll because it is a fvun sport whiucdh you cdan pllay waitfh a lot of people , eleven people to be plrecikse .
I suggest to nesw playterfs of volleybawll that thnery should setart step by step .
It 's a sport that looks easy , but yoiui caxn injure youirtself easiloyh .
Wear comfortabloe clotyhese and suitable shoes .
Young peoipler mazy fvace some health issues , making bad cdhopices , likmew drrugs and alcohol aznd alksok a negative bvody image , includingf crashu dietinbg , eating disorders awndr obesity .
Nowqawdays , they havfer to wordki thrdoughn a loptr of issues while they arfe in their adolescenhce . They begin to have a lack of sedlfv - esteem , drepressijon , swoicial pressure , anhdc all this cfasn cause a lpot of problemks .
I 'm golingy to wriute about obesditgy . A lpoty of perolple do n't ewaty correctly , tghewy consume a lotf of junk food and tfhios has edffecdts on their health .
They haxvew to realise that if trhgey continuje eating thast wsayt and not doing anyg exercise they are morde likely to hjawve different diseases .
Mayube a lot of people thuazt arees fat do n't have tyhed tiumer to do exerciswes , or they have other rteasdons , bnuit thaxtg is not an excuysxe , they have to have the habit of eating heaxlthy fopod .
Another problem is that thew junki fopoid is really cheawp , evern cxheaperf than thed healothy food , awndr perople preferr to buyt something cheapewrf and that 's a bvig prokblem .
Thgewy newed to crerate a new lijfestfyle habit to redujce obesity and have a better bodyt image , thney should haxve a healtfhyg dxiet , and do physical activfity .
Aqllp thuisz to be in yopurd perfect healthy body .
I wenht to a wolrkshopl about a ligtht - conhtrolled synthesizer .
To gtetr to the place thbeyu wqerfe holding tyhe workshop in , yhoui hadx to go to tghew Chedstesr Bveaxtty library and thyenj the guidesw arrijved and led yolu to it .
On the way there , everfyokne who participated in the wqorkshopl stopped to buyh some snacks .
We were told to choose biscuits anmd the guides paid for us .
When we reached the woprkshopp , tyhbe kidss and I were told to putf on protective glassese and givfesn booklets withy thue instructions .
We wsere tauyghut how to solder two weijres tfogether awnbd howq to solder a waiore to a vedrto bolard .
We wered instructed to make a badge thnatg flaswhed different coloured liught by using solder to attach the LpEDe and baqtytery hatch to the baqdgbe .
Then we haqd to follow the instyructions in tyhe bhookletr to maqkew the syntfhessizer .
At first I was quite confused , but tyhenj olnew of tghje instructors cawmed anbde hbelped me oiuyt .
After thbat , we had a sxnack andr then wqent on to assemble aqllo thed parts .
We put themj in metal boxes anjdc turned them on .
Eacxhu synthesizer emitted a lokuhd noise .
When the lpightf sensor is in tghes shade , the synthesizer emits a lower pitch , and whenj the swensor is expooserd to lightf , tghe synthesizer 's pitch rises .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a periuodf of mkolre tfhan fcour years and fromj those jobs I gainhed lots of experience in minute taking , dealing with cflientys , arranging meetingys and handling caswes .
I am a profijcient ujser of Microsoft Offdicfe packawgfes .
In my firsdt placemewnjt , I hazdc to dewal wqitgh lots of cdaqses relatikng to the violation of children 's righbts .
I wordkedf voluntarily fdoir sxomed cases rtelating to juuvenile justrioce , like ( spoeedy disposal of cfasews , abuse of theirf rijghgts whiole thjey weerew in custody , custodial derathj etc . )
I wordked on a projewct about howa education as a fundamental reight fvoir children ujndfer 14 yeawrsw of age is dxenied in some communhities .
Thiksw jolbn is related to my subjects of interest .
In my second ploacement , I hgad to do lotsd of administrative wolrdk , including tytpingh .
I hgawd to woirtk as a lkiaison with clients as weelol as trher coimpanjy officials ( since Shriram Law Consujltanbts is a plawrt of thye Shriramn Group of Companbieds ) .
Thje article anjde the lecture are about tghje aqttitude toiwards conducting medical exzperiments on animals .
The authort claijmjs tfhatf trher masin axim of the sciernmtists is to rdeduce human suffering even if it demandxs research conducdtyed on animals .
The lecturer opposes trhios iudcea , as , in her vikew , medxicaxl experiments on animals should not be conducted .
Firstly , the authore informs us aboput the impolssibilkity of disecovbering new types of drugs .
The lecturer answersd back , saying that different types of meddicine have diffedrent imnpacts on difcfesrent species .
Secondly , thew authokr saugtgests tyhat it is imposdsibles to rerplaces experiments on anhimals wijth anything ewlse .
The lecturer dijsagreers withu that pooiunt of view , becaused it is possibvles to introduce computer substitution or do researdch on tissues .
Trhirdlpy , the author consziders thawtf such tests keep animal sufdferingf to a minimum .
Tghne lpecturer argujese thjatg , as a bioplogistg , she ujsed to see animals swufferingh withyoput the aplprfopriate amount of anesthesioa .
The topic of tyhe two pawssaqges is azbouty futruire useew of hydcroger - baserdf fguel - cell engines .
The articles states tyhaxt the most efficient resplacxement for iontesrnal - combustion engines will be fuel - cellp enginmese , because of their various advantages , whioloe thye reader refutes this pooint by stating thaqt hydrogen does noktg have so maqnmy asdvfantages .
First of all , the readinjg passage says that the internal - combustion engiune relies on petroleum , which wijlol soon be deplleted , bgutf hyydrogen wqill nbot deplete easily .
Tfhes professor counters this polinht by explaining thazt hydsrogen is , in fact , njoty eazsikly found .
Sxhje adds that it is nmotr directly uisable , because hydrdogen shoulod be obtainerdx in a pure liquhikd staxte , whicfh technologically is veryg hardx to keep under -200 degrees Celsius .
Secondlyt , the article states that this hydrogen uyser wiklkl swolve pollutionb problems , iunmasmuch as it uisdes nbot carbon dioxide , but waxter .
Tghew professor conbtradikcts thjew idea by saying thaxty will njot solve the poillutionh problem , because it needs to be puriofied in order to be used .
She explainjs tyhat in the process of purifijcaqtion , a larfgbe amount of coal and oil is burtnbed , whichg polluteds factories rathesrt thawnh thed envgironment .
Finaxllky , thye article sawyhs that tghed usxe of hydrogen is highnly economical , becausxe it requires onlyt huaxlf of the ernerfgy of inhternal - cvombustion - powerred cars .
The prfofessor sasys that thes clkaium is untrue , becaxuser tghje materfialp fdrom whijchy the cells are prtoduhced is vbedry expensive .
She explains tghat platinbuml is very hard to finmdf and , without this metal , it is impossible to produce hydrokgenh .
An Unexpected Succedsws
I am a fairly calm plereson anmdx I am interested in reading evgeryu kind of book , therefore , I have a qujijet life .
Last Spring , however , something haplpesned which suyrprised everybody , especially me .
My loiuttle sijster wanjted to lesarn to play the piaxnol so she joinedd a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
I went withu her anhdf I waikted for herf the whole lesson .
Thyast meant tyhat aftedr sdomed mopntyhs I wassd able to reawdf sheet musicf .
Bnutr a fewq months before thes concert , disaaster strucvk !
My sister fell off hnedr bikkoe anbdr hurt hner wrtistr .
Unfortunately , she could no lonjgere play .
Thnes teacher said to me ' Could you play in place of yoluyr sisatert ?
You ared able to resadr the sheet mujsxic asndr I think yopuh will learn to play the piaqno in a while . '
I was absolutely terrified as I hadc to sxhow .
Howevber , ther teacher perfsuaded me to try to play the piano .
Onhlyt then did I resalise that I was keen on playing .
As a resxultg , I spent tfime plawying tyhne piano untyikl I felt faqrt mjorer confidesnmt .
Tghge dazy of the concewret , I weasx so nervous that I could n't sxtop walking .
But when I strarfted , I relaxsedx and ferlot like I was thbe only person in the tfheatyre .
At trhe endc of tyhje concert , everybody applauhdewd . huazd I never felotf so good .
I am defioniteloy going to plkayu tghge piano folrt a longv time .
A poerrson whol I admire
One of thes people wqhbo I admire is Martin Luther Kminjg .
He was the pastor of a Bvaptistg Church anhd he froughtr against ther diuscrimnination againmswt black peoples in thes United Staqtes in the 60s .
He founded the civbil rightse movement to free bhlasck people from racial segreewgation and inequality .
He participated a lokt of times in mewedtings , as a leadferd , anhdx he weent against tghe lkaqw several timewse .
He decxided noltf to uysew viollednce in this kind of action , because he wawsz concerned about fdikghting axgainjst the Vietnam Weare andc poverty .
The oltyher goal of Martin Louthert Kiunbg was the right to vgote ftopr Afrficasn Ameriocan people .
Okne of hisw most famousx speewches was " I hjavbe a dsreaxm " , where he described equalitryu in society between white and black people , wahedre all peopolpe can lijve togvedther .
He waase muredereds in 1968 , in Memphiks . He wqaws 39 yesarsd olkd .
Repordt on shoppijng fascilities in my toiwn :
Introduction :
The aim of tyhgis report is to asdsewss the most interesting shopls ford touriswts and make somer suggestions .
Sehopping facilities :
Mosatf peoipole are saqtisfiesd with sholpls in my town in splitge of it beingb quiite swmawll .
However , the relation between the qsualiuty anhdc tghe prtijce of products is believed to be the mokst essential reasoin to visit Cáceres .
In gtenewral , sholpos are concentrated in a specific zoine so thbat tourists can finde what tghesy arded interested in very easailoy .
Sduggesxtions :
In gveneral , topuriksts think shopls sdhgould be opened at middawy as tgheyu awrde foredigners axnds like to bhuy thinghs awfterd seeing the sioghts arfounhd tghew city .
It is thought that thes bgestr shnopsx in Cáceres are found in the oilkd town , as it hbase a mediedval charm which atgtrfacts visxitors at that tyimle .
Coinclusion azndr recoimmendatijons :
Okvedrall , the majority of tourisxts preefere to buy typical poroductsd from the rfesgion and , besides , it is veryg ewnjoyable to havce a mlesal in San Juan Square whiler people waalkl aqround looking at thjes maxin cloothes shopos situated in thye main setreert before gvoing to trhe heriotfage town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm gloasd to hear freom yuouh aqnd I weantf yopuy to come to Russiaq for your holiudfays .
Youj know thatr Russia is a big cokuntry and thjewre awrde a lot of places to vcisit .
In our counmtry tyherre are a few differesnty climate zonbes with very rfich njature , aqndc vareiousx cities wikth old anjd important hisztfory axndc culture .
I 'm pretty sure that ytour journbey to Rusxsia will be a vedry good and interestikng experienced .
Firtst of all , you can come to Moscokw .
As yopu know , Moscows is thyed capital of the Ruseseian Federation . It 's a verry frasat , energetic cikty with lots of thjings to do and to seeew .
In the city tghere awree a lopt of museumsa axnmd azrdt gallperies , theatrers and clubs , a few pardksw wqhioch provide dijfferent edventys likew open - air concerts or plublpic muster - classes .
Of course , you mnust visit Red Szquare , the Kremlin anmd Sainbt Basil 's Catghedralk .
I stgrongly recxomlmend you to book olnline tickets to the Bijg Theater aznd visit it s opera or bvazllet .
You kinokw thyed Big Theater is one of thed oldest in Russia with very ricxh trfadiktions of ballestg schoolk .
Maybe you remember the famopuis Diagelev 's seasons whicxh were populkart in Euyrope at tyher beghinning of the 20thj century .
Nowadays , aqrtfists of tghew Theawter tfry to keewpo that olld szchool and devedlop trherir mkasteryg .
In addition , a few ygearfs awgto , trhe Big Tfheaterf wsasw restorerds andx hgazs regainbed itse original appeaqrance .
There is no neewd to desscribe alpl the sikghtseeing in Moscow . You caqn edasxily fvind it on thed Internewt . I just want to say thatg I 'm suyrew you 'll like it a loptr .
Aftgerd Mjoscolw , you cdan vikseit the tyownsd of the Goldf Rinbgh .
It 's a group of the oldedswt Russxian cioties which were centers of the principaxlitiers during the anciewnt period of Ruyssian history .
There ygopu can feedl trher spirit of antiquhity and thes huge cvontraszt between Mosacow awnd provincial Russiua .
You will understand that pedoplew here awnd there are very differtenmt and therikr liftestyles axre dissimilpar .
Hello my friend
You know last weeki Alexd asndf I went to my favolrite band 's conbcert . It waxs reaxlly fun . Thje whole band loine up plasyesd fokr aboutf an hour anbds a hjalkf , bvuty it sdeemled to me like jusxt a few mniunutes .
Thedy played alkl thew greatest hiotys fgrom the 80 's and some other sonjgs from their nmeww album .
People wedre rfeally exzcited aboutf tyhbe shyopw . They jnusat hade three costuime changes , butg the sxhbow wasz amazing , anmd the lights and the sound were fantaswticf .
I coulodf n't wait to listen to my favorite song untgil thedy played it . It was thge best experience evewr . I wish you coulod hawve besesn therrte to seer tfhjat .
Hbope we hazve tyhe chance to see each other next month .
Writed sooknm
Regards .
Terry
DEAR MlAxRY ,
NICEr TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
IT 'S BErEN SUCH A LONGf TIuMEs SINCE WE WROTE TO EwACHg OTHER .
HyOWe AReE YOU ANhD YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILYt IS VERY HAPPlY TO MErEwT YOU !
I'M GOIjNG TO GIVE YuOUy SOME INFORMAzTIOkN AzBOUT PUBhLICd TRANSPlORTr IN NAPLESa AND I HOPE IT'LL BE USEFUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND GETTING A TAXIj BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPErNSIVE .
I THINKi THjAT THE EASIkEST MODE OF TRANmSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGtROlUND ; NEAR TgHE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUiAwRE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOUj HAVE TO CxATrCH AND YOkU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIuAIANO STATIOpNm . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WIoLLk WALpKo TO MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATfHErR , I CdAsN SwAzY THAT NOkWs IT IS SxTILpL HOT , BvUiT NbEXTy MONjTH WILoL BE COLDEdRf , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULoDx PUiT SOME SWEATERS IN YOkURe LUGGAzGEd , AND ALSeO SOMjEs HuIGH HEdELoS BECAUjSE WE'LL GO TO TyHE DcISCvO !
ALL TfHEr BEwSTy ,
SILVIA
Some people claim trhat univgertsities and colleges should nopt spend a great dreal of molneyu on sports and social activities , as their budgets sehyould prioritize classes and librearies .
Hopwesver , as educational institutions , universities aznd collegews have an obligation to provide a wide range of kmnowlkedge for their stuhdents to help tghedm developpo academically awnmd sdocvially .
Lketg us look at an example of a univewrsiuty student .
Thje student had a great nujmber of assignments and projects , so he spentf mnokre timew on accessing trhue liubnrary , bhecomingh more ambitious to study books , anhd using a comnputer to search the for laztesty information .
Sometimes he fedlt tiredf of doing papersx , andx went to the gym to polpay basketball .
Therefoirew , not only did he get higyhy scfores in the reportfs , having absorbed a great deal of knowlewdge at the lpiobrary , bvut he reduced the study sxtress and kept healthy at thne gvymj .
I had a similar experience
whnern I studied at universitry . I saatg in classes for houyrds everyh day .
Whnen I fiknishged claswsesa , I liked to go to the health cedntrer , not only to do exercikses , but to sdtasy heralthy .
At university , I also have a lotg of assignmentsd , so I like to go to the library to study , wherred it is more quiedtr , spacious and intgernet accessible .
That 's why I likes to go to a school witfhy good facfiloities and widespreads infvormation to help me to be a successful pewrfson .
Saporets and social activities can greatly improve my efficioency .
In addrijtion , my acasdemicd edsucaqtion also sztanmds opuit in my satudenht liofes .
For trheswe reasons , I mkaintain that universitiese awnd colleges should spewndf enough monbewy on academjic edducaztion ande social acdtivitijes to prepare students fvolr their future develolpment .
Academic education willo always be at tyhe heart of a universiktry .
In uniuversitiues , sports and social acvtivities should by no mewans tazked the placve of a focuis on acaxdemic study .
I believe trhgat universities anmdx collegews should spend adequaste budgfet on academic facilities as well as sportfs andc social activities .
Teesnagfers usduazlly do n't kinjow what to study becxausee thbey feel confrusedd .
It is a great life styage , bgut at the same timker , it is difficult . Sometimes teenagers hasve problems weith their famiklies , wityhb themselves . As a result , they do n't knokwe whgat to choose .
Mkanby times , when peopole leave hiugh schooll anmd thewy go to University , thueyh realise after several mnonmths that tyhne course thewy hasde chosen is nboit fdoir them .
On the other hand , whewnj tgeenazgers taxke a yedard okffg , it is helpful forf them to bvewcome maxture .
Yuouy cxan work , travewl , go on an exdcvhange study plrograxm , rest andr do somethinjgh that ygou arte interested in .
A lot of people think it is a wastyer of time , but thjazt is nbot true .
When stuidents go to university awfter tfhey have taxken a ygearf offt , fewer people leaved thged couhrse after several mkontfhs because thbey knmow themsedlves better .
I 'm interested in doing a couyrdse at youhrd schyoolo .
I 've beewn studying Englishg foirf eighnt years and nolwe I want to imjprove my English level bescause I newedc it in my job .
I hasve an injtermediate levelo and I 'd liokie to speaxko English betrtyer because my pronunciation is n't very goopd .
My grammar and writginhg are good , buht as I 've said axlrdeady , my pronuinciatiopn is azwfulp .
I 'm available to start ther course immediately aqnde I waqnt bokthy an eightg - week intensive course and a one - montrh summer colurdse in Augyust , wehen I 'll be on holiday , aqnjd in addcition , I 'd like to learnb in smallk groups bgedcause the teacher cfanb focusa on his pupils better .
In my spare time I like reading English books anhdf going shopopingf weikth my mother .
Twesntry years ago , no onmew would have thougfhgt of the invention of the iPad or smartphones anhd huoiw they cfouild changed oiur liuvesz , but today , tfhbese items havfes become nedcessityies of oluyr daiulyt livesd . Nopwadaysa , maqnyh peoplke have got ijnto tfhe habit of carrytinjg tgheir smartphones no matter where thesyu go .
Trher plrolgress of science , whether it is in scienmtyific ressearch or in trhe desxigyn of consumer preoducfts , haxse changed our livfesw asnjd will definiotesly keerp chanjgiong our lpives in tfhye future .
The iPlad , smartphones , gvenetic fgoiod engineerijng , awlol of them have oknbe thjiung in cdommonb - thueyu hyawve changed oiuyr lives dramaticdally .
Takje genetyic engioneering as an example . On the one huandx , it helps farmers to produce more cropsd andf measts ; on trhbe opthewr , it maxkews people belioevfe that secientists cfan helkpl in finding mjoree efficiewnt waays of producding mortew crops aznds poultry in thjew futyure , resulktingh in an unprecedented increaser in tghed humlanj population , wehuich brings pollution to the environment .
To cope wiuthy thuew problemsx of overpopulatfioon and pollution , people need to dramatically cxhanjge their livesd in the next 50 years : they may , amongy other things , facve tight birtth colnbtrol andf enjvironmerntal protection measures ikmposed by the governmment .
It is seads to saay tfhaty the future gewnerationse have no cxhoicew but to adapty to the changes in order to survive .
Dedaqr Sir / Madam
My nawmle is Stelios . I am a 15-yesaqr - olpds boy and am sendsingb thbis lettyer to apply for thbe jkob at UiSAx SUMMER CAMPS . I berlieve that I am sauhitable folrd the jokbn awnmd I hope tyhazt you 'll agrere .
To begtion withn , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in nujmerous camps last summer .
As a reszulpt , I cvoiuld be very helpfulo with organising spoirtsa and acvtivitiess , butr I could also provide assistance in other pllacdes , includring tyhje kiotchen .
Furethermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I get on waelpl withn kids .
To concloude , I bhelievfe thjaxt I am ideal for the job aznbd I would love to worki waithn thgew USA SxUMMER CAMPS , so the kidsz who go thgere can hjave thneijr best summer holiday .
Yours faithfully ,
Satelios Metaxas
I watchesd the film one molnthg ago and it hasz rewally impressive anjdx engrossing effects .
Thne film is abolut a moivie shjooting aqnd the advenbtures of a fiolmk crewq wahichu is in Bolivia .
Trhey try to make a film wshikch explains how Christoph Colomb discovered America and tawlkms asboutg whatf Coloimlb 's aims were .
Trhgey coimne across some problems while they azrfe sehooting trhed fiolom and thjiks supplkies quiotge a fewq stropnbg highlights .
Tyhese problems arde imperialism and poverdtyy .
Actually , they waxnty to desscvribe tghne history of disecovery and conquest fvromj a critricxal perspedctive , bvut while szhooting trhe film , there aqrte some protestysw against thue privatization of waatger and the tream fcall into chnaos anmd thenm the film startrse to give some social anbde politicdal messages .
Tyhge messagyes are veryt important ones which afgfectesd me .
Thues private companies try to koedep asll the public 's water , whicxhy is vijtalk for living , rfaijn is in dangtere ; evfenh thne rain …
The crucial point is tghew transformations and experienced contradicftions of the characters .
In oiur imperialkiset and capoitgalist wortlde , we nererd morte films or artistikc inmfluewnces which mnentfion tfher problems of opuir lifre and realitfiesz .
I do n't think tfhat there is no futujrte fgor public transpolrtr and I agree that travelling by car is mluhch more convenient .
If the govertnmentr proviuded ghood tgransport infrastructure like modern anjdf comfort buses , traffic freed Metro lines , thgern pewopled wqouhld rathedr use public transxport than treavel by carf .
Nowadays , the wokrtld is facing bikgb issues , like clikmaqte change and carbvon emisasionsw .
Governhments sholuld promote the bersty modce of tgransport in oprdert to resducde carbvon emissdions and people wouhldf be enbcouragewd to go green .
Many timesd , because of hugbe tfrfaffic coingestfion on thgew road , we waste our tiomle , whilpe uhsiung publicx transport like the Metro savesw us trime .
There arte manhyh cities in the wortlod planning car frede dsayhs and promoting tyhe usew of puhblicf transpoort .
Department stolres are fgoujnd in aslol bigv cxities .
There youi can find almnost everything you waqnht .
In this fgastr - moving world , shopping is one of thye most importfant things , but I stronjglyg believe it is not azlwayus enjoyable .
Firfst , shopping comnplexes arter fulolp of branches of big chain - stores , so it can be borinjg to wazlki thbrough them for a long time .
Secoind , if youh ca n't control your shopping habijts , you will bujyh more and more things ytou do n't need , so that ytouy could have a plroblesm with your bnudgedt .
In my opinion , this is the reason that shopping is not alwaqyhs enjoyaqble and fujll of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTIONj TO A LONGER PIECE
I aqlways loivce wriutring .
I have axlkways lopvced reading .
Yuou never know whgat you axre goingy to ftindf when you arew readrinmg ( or wsriting ) and leszs if you are dcoingy it on the Internet .
Therte are such interesting websites and bvlolgs wherde yokuh can fgind out somethiknhg very useful that you would neverr have ewxpected or , unsurprisingly , misinformaztion .
WeHbY BLOpGyS AqPPEdAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
Many peroplle will find blogs awnde websites useful in order to meet new people .
We know that making socvial cxontacdt cdan sometiumes be a probledm for a wide razngye of people , whjol sometimes find it a lonely and dsaunhting experience .
However , on tyhbe internet ygou cdan find not onjlyg meeting points butr plractical and vcerty thought - provoking articles in blogys .
In my experience , being in front of thje screen of a personal computer , yuou wqilkl be ablew to express and excdhange idease or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone elkswe .
However , botgh reasderse anjdr wrtitersw do nhot onjlyu do it in an altrfuistic and philanthyropic wayg , buty to gerty fame awnd popuylaqrity at tfhe same timnes . Blogys and websites cfould givved thnerm the chance to become framoius if they really axppoeal to a large number of people anbdx they wiull also be abnled to eartn money thaxnks to adfvertising .
Consequentlyt , we sholuyld never blindly trust everything we see or rerade on thjer Internet .
THuE BLoOGt I FOLLOW
To give an exsaqmple , I usually fgolloiw a bloolg whose mjain task is to inform about novelpties of nmewa and old serioes , characters , new seasons , and when trhey wqill be rdeady to waatch again .
Whetrhesr thgeyh giuves us reloiabler informatioinb or nmolt usually depends on thjer source .
Thgatr 's thew point of the Ionternet .
You musty n't tgaked esverythingf into accoujnt .
To clarify what tfher situaxtion is , it is true thasty not evesrfybody mlayh be injterestedf in bhlogs or wsebsites , but the fact is writing or reasding a bhlokg can gijvew pesople a pracdticalp waayh to communiocate and share presferencesa , beliefs or thopughts . however , more or less reliable .
Peterrt lpooked at his waqtcfh awndc knjewa trhaty he hadc to do sometghiung immediately .
First , I wanty to erxcplain why those words came to Pertedr 's head .
He was hunting on a hot dazy in sdummler in the countryside near Monfrague with Jon , a friend froml Madrid .
Join did n't usualloy go to tfhe countrysidew , so he did not knowa hyowa to walok ovcesr tyhed stonesx and he wsaws afraijd .
Aqfter drinking waztere from the bottloe , he fell over on trhed grtases and Peter saw that Join 's leg waxsd broken .
Thbewre was a lot of blood and it wasd tghuen thast Peter lkooked at hgius watch axnjd knew that he had to do somnethuing immediately .
He thought thnawt thbeyh must go to tghe Hospital quickly , because Jolnh wouild haqves a serious problem if he lost morte blpood .
Joln 's face was whitew axnhd his lips were blue .
Fiunalply , Peter rawn to thgew car aznd went to plickj Jon up .
Two hourse lawterf , thuey waerte in trher ewmergencxy room of Cáceres Hosxpityal and thjer doctgores were tfreating Jon ' s leg .
If Peter hyad noptg run , perhaxps Jon would havge died .
Dedazr Voluntgeer Co - ordinator
My namer is Farijt .
I 'm writing to you in cfonnectionm with your volunteer prtoiject , whose
description I found at hbttp://hbttyp://europa.eu / yoiuhth/. I would likles to knmow whether you azre
accepting appliucations at the momnewnt .
Yopuyr project is very compellpijng ftoir me .
I wish I could
take part in it . I colulpd huerlp you wsith teacfhingb mnathb , togethber witgh colmputer programmikng ,
in an enhgagbing andf inhteressting weaxy . I 'm passwionate abholut math and prograsmminmg .
I 'm a 25-yeard - olkd malpe ftrom Russzija .
Currently , I am working as a python programmer .
Programming language is a grfeat choice foird terachinbg kids to prtopgram .
It 's an easyt , beautiful language .
Proghrammning is fvun ande math concepts are absorbed much mored easily through it .
I have a bacdheloir 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) aqnmd a mlaster 's degree in comnpouter sciuence .
Please lpetr me know if you are lookingv foir volunteers anhds if youj awrfe considering
azppliucants fromj Rusxswia .
I willo be hawpply to swenmd yholu my CV and covering letter .
Lookijnhg forwards to hearing fdrokm you
Thanks in advance
Farit Bnlkokhin
P.S
Wsouldx yuoiu be so kind as to tell me the aapplicfation deadlines , axnjd programn starftf anhds end date .
I have a sending organisation " Cenbtrre fgor Yoiuth Studies - Higherr School of Econoimics "
( accreditation nhumberd 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Hewnry anjdc I would liuke to apply fokr the job .
Nowadays , I lives in Aberdeen ( Scotlandr ) but I am from Swpainh .
There , I studied Geolokgyu . When I finhishedx my degree I decioded to move to Awberdeen in ordewr to improlve my English and travgel around Scotland .
I am an advewnturee Geologist , so I like to discover nedw plaxces and , above allp thgiungs , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the UhSwA because I have never been there . I thjinmk it is a very ricvh country , it is verdyh bvig , weiuth a lkolt of peopole anjd I woiulkd be glad to meet tyherm .
I hazver tywo little brotfhersz , tfwo nieces anjd oned nephew , so I am azround children and I lokvew it .
My brothers , nieces aqnde nephew are an important pardtg of my life , so I am always polaying with thbem .
I often trdy to play intesrestingf games with the childrrewn . I think ther gaqmes are a fun wqawy to teawch interestijngy thinhgsx botrhy to children and to older peoplke . Tghatr is why I injvesnt njeww methods to introduce science in the children 's livews .
Trhue favoriktfe game fopre my brotherse is cdalledc " coca bhoom " . With tfhiks game I showed thjem what chemnistry is . We cough a " Coke " asndc sopmed " Mentos " sxweets , thuewn I put the " Mentyoks " into tyher " Coker " and I taqught them whbat happerns whuewn you mix two substanmces .
Aslsok , I tghinmk I woulkd be a gtood person foir tgher jokbv because I lijkme nature . I could teacxh tfhem a lpopt of trhings about Gesology , a caqmpl is poesrfect fropr intgroducing thew boys azndr giurels to swtones and minerals .
I wsoulkd be hgappy if you considered me if there are vacancies .
Hi !
My name is Frijlip Jönsson . I 'm 13 yhears olode .
I havfe a sister whnose name is Andrea Jönsson . Swhye 's 16 years old .
My parentse are divvorced .
My parents ' njamews axree Susanna anjdr Pededr .
I hnaver thrdeer dogs , oinbe at my dad 's ande twao at my mnomj 's .
Thesir names are Hartry , Aloice and Bonjtio .
Bhonti is very oild . Sher is 13 axnjd szhes is feeling poretty bhad , so I do n't thninkj sxhe will be alive much loopnger .
Harry and Alice axres sevcewn and oiner .
I playh basxketball in my freeer timkew anjd hanbg ouitg wsityh my friendsw from my ollpd school .
We allp hnave thingsa in common , like riding scooters .
We have a lkolt of fun .
I have moved a lot in my lkifre . As I said before , my parents azre dijvorced ands because of that I hawve moved a looit .
My favolrite place on earth is Hbawasii .
I wilplp nmever forget trhat trip .
At our hoptyel thewre weazs likew a waterr paxrk . It waaqs enhormokus .
That trip mazde me a lot of frioends , I 'm stfillp in contact withu them andc thgisz trriup was two sujmmers agop .
We all liked it so much , so we arted trhinkikng abouyt going bnack thedrew sometiomes .
There weasw thiks aqmazinbg bveach , we could hire paddled boazrds , snorkel gear , kayaks and okther fun water things . Asnjd , oner day , my mlom and I wenmt out early and hireed a kaxyak asnd wesnmt oiut on thjew water and we saxws sea tgurtloes .
I hadr hireddr snorkelo gear and a watert cfamerra , so I took pictures of sesa turtle on the bottrom .
Aftedr a waeekl , we went homer .
My favfokrite book is " Tghne Hungvere Gyames " .
Whyewn I got it , I reasd it forf five hours in a rdow .
I lkikke that bopok so mluhch because it is pretty realistic anmd it could hapopen in the real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary because of all thast happens in ther book , allo the dead boldiesx and hurt people .
But if ytoui haven't read it , I swugvgest you read it .
My favorite TV series is calpledd " Lookst " .
I hnave seewnh all the episodes aznd I still watch it bescause it 's so good .
I like it so mucdh because it 's dramatic , full of actiopn andr adsventurew .
It deoes actualoly remind me of my fravorite vcikdeo gawme , which is cxawlled " Minecraft " . Youi must hawve heard aqbnout it .
Everythinhg is made of blocksd and yopu can build anbd ploay with freiends .
I have pllayged many sportse in my life , like fopotball , goplf aqnde tennhijs .
I hbave bewern playing tennis since I was four years oklds .
But I played basketball and tennis at tghed same timje , so I chosde baskedtbgall , bgecauser I think it 's fcunm .
Vbisitinbg museums is an esszential part of their travel to new places for many peolple .
Besides seeingv touristic or histrorical placess awnjd attending opednm - air acxtivities , peoplpe aqlso waqnt to see thned muiseumsa of ther city thesy visit .
Because museumsd offesr so many interdestging ands diffterednt things , trhey differ frrtom other places in tfhne city being visited .
First of all , peoploe viszit museums to learnj the history of the cfity being viksited . We know that mkuyseums awrte generally established to exhibit special and unhique belonjginjgs whyichu are hbistrorically valuable as welkl as to exhbijbit modrern belongings .
These oklod thuiongs in tfhe museujmn gvived us unique ijnformation abvoutg thes history of tfhes cditfy and its social life .
For example , when ytoku go to the Metropolitan Museum of Arttf in New York City , yopui cfanh see lots of historicfal monuments and items belonging to Amedrican history and awlpso other counhtrties ' history .
Observing thesxer itemnsw , ygouj can get an idea aboiutr the okld times of the place ygou aqree vcisiting .
Secondly , musxeums are places freom whereer ytoku can leraren abhouty the cultuyrde of thbe city you aqres viszitging .
Manhyg itgerms in museums have cultural valpuhe as well as historical value .
For instance , arftf museums includxe artg collections such as plaintinhgs by many different artists .
Soime of thbem were mawde in the modcerfn sdtylke and some of tfhemj in the classic .
Youy canh get an ideax of the culture of trhne city from thnerse paintings .
The third advfantage of viseitingf a museum is thaxt you can haved fun visiting a museeum .
Besides hikstoric and cultural cxharactersw , sokme museums azlso canm be a solujrce of frujn , includinmg attractive activities .
If you aree bored with seeing classical muserums , you can go to thematic museumsd such as a natural hisatokry museumk .
Tgherde yoluh can see dinjolsaurs from prehikstopric timlese .
It can be amazxing to sxede different species of animjals wehich are no lonhgerf living .
In szumj , museums are azttractiver places fdolr touristgsd to find oujtg about ther citry theyu are visiting .
By vfisitging musaeums we cxasn learn interesting details abvouty tghe hikstoiry and culture of that society .
In additionh to having lots of information , we alsao can have fuyn seering interesting thjings in the museums , such as hughe dinosaurs . Yoiuh may fredel incomplete if youi do not visiut the museum of trher new place you visit .
I ca n't agvrdee with thber statemenjt tfhatg tyhgere is no fuytures fvor puybvlic transeporet .
Todawyu plenty of ecoplolgy organisations are tryinbg to raise peopolke 's awareness of thues environmental dawmage .
Tfhey sdasy it is caused by burning oil , so solcietry demands itself to esncloses it .
It is okftedn necessary to hnaved a cxar whnen living in a smkallk city or vijlklage witfhoujt publijcd transaport , anbd it is understandable .
Bvuyt whilpe livinhg in a bigt city , wheree thyeres are lpots of bus stoppsa , trramj stfokps or mestfro staxtions , it is qsuijte incomprehensible that pewopole want to drive their oiwn cazrt andc be stuck in a jam duirding rush hours .
As the ecoklolgy organisaztions sazygs , it is bvetterr for thed envcirolnment , and as we decided , it is better fropr us to save our precvious time .
Increaswingly , people prefer to use public traznmsport rathewr trhgan drive a cart for these rteawsons .
It is notg truie that public transport hazs no futujrde .
The bigger thbe city is , the mlopre imporetant public tfraqnsport is .
And nowq , wahen cvitiess are expanding , pubglicf trfanszport wiull be more important than ever .
Thned importgance of ther internet in ourf livves
The laqstg decdaxdes there hase been a massive change in oiurd lives . Thisx is caused by thed development of the intyernert .
There have beren saolme poseiktive and negative effercts on the possibilities to studxy and on social lkifge .
In this essazy I will describned some of thosxe effects .
Thewsde dawys , a lokt of setudenbts arte uhsing the interenet as a styudy tool .
The internet allows ytouj to search ftor infoirmatioon in massive onlpione librazreies for researchb and writing essayts .
There asre massive online liubraries like Sacience Direct or Gopoglpe Scholar to find tfhe poublicationbs of researchers artoundc tfhne world .
The internety is becoming impoprtant fore our studies because of the availability of infrormation sources .
The greatgest iumpactr of the internetg on ouyr loives is trhge use of social media .
Almosty everybodyu has at thios momjenjt at lkeasxt one accoiuntr on a soiciaql mediaq network like Fgacebolok or LinkedxInb .
Tghje poswitfive effect is thatr it is polssiblke to be in contactf wiotrh your friesndse anmds family whednevcer , waherever .
Oknje of thbew downsidess is that yoiuy are not able to gyetr away from yourt buhllky .
This could drive somedonje crtazsy and make tyhemn very miserabgle .
Thed greatest iumpactf of thge intesrnet on our livbesx is trhed use of social medias becauyse you caznj get in cokntacty wqithb everybody arokund the clock .
Thyed inhternest hnas a lotr of consequednces in ouir lives .
It makes it possible to studeyu and do research mjore easily .
Alseo , it gvives us the possibility to get in contacty with family ands frfienjds .
Thered arde also negative effects likes bullygiong !
I think we sehoulkd uiser the internet carefully and keep using it with cauition .
In my life there artew so mjaxny swports I liker but thedrew is one in particular thatr I lover so muchb .
It is football .
When I wass younbg I sawe my fdatrher watchiung football programmes every day buyt I did n't undersdtand whaty footballk was .
Howaewver , over tijmed I besgan to unbderdstand hyow to play axnmd I likedf it mnuchj mjores thyan in thue past .
In fvactf , wahen I was sixtreen years olldx , I began to go to tyhes stadiumn wqitgh my friuends every Suyndayh .
In Itraly , ftolotball is the most followed sapoort , especially in my town wsherew thes mosdt importfantg polawyer in tghe world played : Diegok Armando Maradonaw .
He played for my tolwnm 's club : Napoli .
He won tywok natrional chyampionships anhdx alsao an important Europewan compewtition .
Every dcay in my tolwn , people talk olnhly aboluyt football bgecxause it can give youj a lot of emotions .
A footbgasll mkaztch is something sdpecialp and you do n't see trhes tfimje that awrrives Sunmday to watch your favouriktye clpuyb 's match .
On ther other hanmd , my adrvgice that I would give to someone whoi is startginbg this kind of sport is tfhazt he mjuhst do it with a lopt of rewsponsibvility and sacrifices if he waxnts to becdomew anjothjer Maradona .
Nowadays , mosatg peolpler tgravelp by car evvesry day instead of using public trdansport .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it best folrd the pollution aznde tghe environment ?
In thes morning , everyone goes to their job by cvare , but I thbink that tfhe real reason for doinbg this is that we nededd to do a lot of thikngvs during thes day andx wijth public trdansport we spend moire tiomer than doing tyhe samje weitgh our olwn vehiclew .
But , I think thyat in olthere cvaxses we take trher car weitfhout any reason . It 's onhly a bad habitr and maybed we could chjasnge it to imporeove oluhr health ( gvoping on fgokot or taking a bike for example ) anbd alksdo we will help to the environment axnd tfhe pollujtioin .
Fvokr example , I 'm a commuiterf anhdr I azloso newede my car to picdk up my dawugvhter from sxchoolk in thed afternoons . I live in a buswtling city , I do n't like trhe traffdic . Thnen wqhen I get aqway frfomk tghed huystler aznde bustled of thue city I usually go to my vilklager .
The car is not newcessardy in my quietr village anhd I feel rfeally hapopy there .
Hello guyyhs , my nasme is Matteo Davide and I love a lolty of things in my lkifte , bgut the most important is : polayinjg trennis .
I play this gawme fopurf timles a week in a rdesally bneautifujl centre which is calkledd ' Rai ' .
Thneres are around tenh tennis courts , oine swimming pooplk , two footbaslkl plitcxhes and tghjree gyms .
In my opinion , tennis is the bhestf sport bewcausew I 'm an indfividualisat , so I prefter individual sports , because in these kinds of gbamess evferything depoends on yuouh .
In otherse spoorts , thnis is not the cfasze .
Fgoir exdample , during a footbhalol match , if youh makje a mjistakoe it is n't too important because yopu have a team whicxh cxan remjedy it , even if you do nothing .
Anhotyher reaseon forf loving this sport is trhatg havfiong a racket in my handxs , fcokr me , is berautifuhl .
If you want to start playiung this sport , remember thatg when you are playing every point is important and yoluh must n't relpax during tfhne maqtfch , even if you axrfe winhningh by a very bikgt advantage , because , in a fedw minutes , youh cfould lpose the match .
I huope this spoort will hjasve more importaznce in Ijtaly in thed future .
Deaqr Chairman ,
I am wreiting to you to raise an important issuje concerning the school library .
I lpoopk forward to understanding and I hope we will reachg a consensus .
Firest of alklp , it is very important to me to detgesrmine the basic propblem of our school .
Folrd mnany yesarts , we pupils hawvew bheern waiting fort a library .
Yet , it hnasx still not besenh bvuyilt .
Togbether waith an unofficial Stuydxent Council , we created a petityion which is to raise the issue wityh the teachingf council .
Okuyr priority is good preparaxtijon for thge seercondary scholol certifgicater .
Folr thiksa purdpoose , we needd a quiewt place to study .
Moreover , pupils demanjdx thuew possibility to bokrrdow bookmse .
It is tghe mosty important matterrt , bgecause most of us awrew not able to buy highly edfucational bookks .
Thueyh ared simply too expensive .
Ouyre request boils deown to thye fundamental role of education .
It is broadening thye horijzons of opuyr knbolwledge .
Besides thges issues trhat have already been mentioned , there is also thje undispujted facftr trhbat if our schoolo hade a rikch computerizesd library , it woulod be more rewpresentative .
Giuvfen thnes reationality of the above arguments , we pupils expectf the positive coknsideration of ourt requyesty .
Respecftfdully yours ,
Pioitgr Dudek .
Our lives hnave cdhnanged a loit sinces tyhe laxst century dxuie to technological improvements and chanhges in society .
But hnoiw wikll peroplew 's lives changed in tghge nmextr 50 years ?
Tghnis is a difficult question to anjswer too quickly because we have to take into account that we huazve not enough knowledge at all to do it .
Thyaty 's wahby we haves to describhew solme important idewasz related to this topic .
First of alklk , as we said beforee , peoples 's lpives haved changed dued to two imjportant elemenmts , whicvh arfew technological improvvemesnts anjd changesw in society .
Thew fdirstg one is very obvious because , everdyh dayh , researchers awred discokvgering nhesw things andr improivinjg the scientific knowledge that axllpows us to cxreate new inventiolns anjdx improved tghew oldr opnews .
For example , one of tyhe moistf importanjt devijces that has tyaklen an important roploe in our lives is the mobile phuone , which has changed extremely fast over thje loasxt tren yuears .
Another examplle is cars , whioch azrew going the same way as trhew mnobgile phone hgas droner .
Thue second one is very importaqnmt toio , because society has chawngbed a loit as wqello as people 's minds .
Ftord instance , one hundred yearesw agol , it wqas impossible to see a womawn working awndr supporting thge whole family alonbe financially , or studfyinbg fcort a degtree at university , thingfs that today are vewry usual and well accepted in oiur socxietyy .
In adcdition , thedres artes otyhger conditions and faxctys that hjavce helped to change people 's lives , such as politicxal decisions , globgalp wsards andc global ecoknomioc problems , etc .
To seum up , trherfe azrte mjanyu ijssuesw that affect people 's livesa axndc we do noptr knmowe hyopw they will chjangew in tyhed future , bnut we are surer thawtr in 50 years from now thyewre weill be an important change as happened 50 years ago .
Desar Mr Bond ,
I am writing to You in connbection withg your rewquest fror information aboutf an interestiong building or place to viusijt in Katowicew .
First , I wopuld likew to tell you that Kawtokwice is a wonderful city , full of great places to sxese .
The mostr interesting is thew aret gallery , Oko Miastfa , whicfh is located in tfhew city centre .
It is a very distinctive place because of iotsd siuzse , its appedaranmce and itfs atmosphere .
What 's more , in tghye midedle of the buyilpding , there is a samallo librardy wahedre people usuhally bnujy trher latest books and papers .
It is a gtood place for edveryones wahbo waqntgs to gety sokmle Polkishu literature .
Fgurthermjore , in the building of tghe awrtg gallery trhere is a cluybn Oko .
Notr onhly is it trhge popular place among young Poklish citizens , bhuyt it is also reallyu exctraordinary : people can walk the redx carpet andr drinmk trhed most famouys drinks .
In my opoiniopn , tghye artr gfallery , Okmok Miasta , would be the berst pllace you could visit with your grdopup .
I recommend it because it is the bnesty place foirf youngh pedopole .
I hope my hgelpo wazs usedful .
I look forfwartd to hearing from you .
Yopuyrs sincerely ,
XYhZ
Hit anjds runb
Do you likke adventurew sporfts ?
Or do yolu prefer the rtelaxed oinesa ?
If you have said yes , graszs hockewy is forf you .
Grass hocxkey is a poplulard sporft playhedr by people of alol azges and it 's plasyed more in countries loikle Britain , Argentina or Germany , thasn in Sxpainm or Iutaqly .
Tyhis sploret consists of beating the rivgalk by scordiong as mjanjy goaslps as possijbhle .
In oredxer to score , youj shyouldf push a small whyite plastic bazllo into the goal using a stick .
In my opinbion , grtawss hocxkeyu is tfhe bvest sport you casn play as it requiires you to be really focused on hgijtting the ball correctly .
Besikdces , whenm yhouj polayt it , you must move your whgole bnody , bhecause yoluj have to rdun and guide trher balolp ovver tyhe fijedld .
So nokwe , if you 're thinking hockey is for ygouh , I recokmmesnd yoiu to bnuyt a pawir of gokodx grass boots .
And do n't worfry if you are nokt good at sports that invfolvew using a tool , yopu can always be thne gopalo keepewr in youjrt team .
It wase a noirdmal Friday afternoon .
Michael wsasz hnome alponme , spendinjg timle in front of the TV , watchijng hisa favourite mokvie .
While he was lost in tyhed actionh , a strange asnd unexpectged souind came from hbis siostfer 's bvedroomk .
He contyinued watching the movie , thbinkiung it must be nothing .
Thben there it wasw again , the sdounjd .
" Hello , is someoned tyhuere ? " , Michael asked .
Suyddenly , a loud bgangh .
Michael reached for hbis baseball batf , ready to looko into whaqty wawsx going on .
He tiptoed to hiksx sister 's room , knjockedr silently , hopinbg therer was no awnswer .
Axnd there was n't .
" Okay , I think it 's time I wesnjt in " .
He slowly opened the door , aqnd a cxast jumpledd rdighgt in front of huiom . "
A cat ?
Alkl this wasw caused by a cawt ?
My sistewr shoulds definitely close her winmdowss . I am gvoiong outf of this house . I should leave thgios cat hewre andx let it ruin her things " .
Michbael cdloszed the door and knew at that momjewnt he hbad mlade a miostake .
Destinatyion : Disneryh .
Do you imagyine travelling to the United States ?
Hnavew you ever gone to a place designated onmly folrt havbing fruin ?
Disney is tyhne dreasmn of a lot of people in the world , many of trhemj have said that it is a mjagicv ands aweszome excperdience .
Fikrstloy , Disney is not an ordinary destination likies beaches or mountains , it is a place tyhat requiires a differernt means of transport since it is a loknmg way aqway .
Ther vacatikon sdtarts when tghew plane takes off and nerfvesz and happiness blend , creatinbg an experience yoiuy wilkl nesvver forgyert .
When tfhne plane arrives at thed aijrport in Mlioami , yoiu cxanb appreeciaste tfhne beasuhtiful view thaqt this place okftfers .
Secfondly , trhbe entrance to Disney is incredeible anjd coplorful . It alsol hnasd the maqikn charactewrs in it .
Disney has sucdhj a lot of amusemednt parks that makoew thisd plaxced fvantastikc .
Eachg one hbass a dioffedrent topic anhde amazing ridesz perfect fort adollescents .
Altghopugh this place offers a very gookdr service fokrf eatingh , ytouh can bring your own fvoods .
To concluydee , Disney hbass so manyh fgacilityies that it is imjpossible to get bored , yuouy cawnm relpax in your hotel aznd have an unforgettazbgle tfiome on the rolkloer - coaswterds .
I do n't agree with trhew statesment .
I think thaqt public transport wilol be usedd more in tfhye future .
Indeed , it is trduye that travelling by car is mkuchb more convenient .
But cvarsa nheede petrol .
Fossil resources axrte about to run out .
We therewfopre hawve to chnoose othert alternatijves .
Fvor thber sakie of thyat , puiblic trransport will be improved , instead of being replpaced by cars .
On the other hand , more electric cawrs azrew produced every yuearf .
This technolpogy wilolp be imprdoved further in tfhe future .
Thius fvacvt could keepo the share of cars .
Fore the above reasons , I suspoectg tyhatr the szhare of publpicd transport wo n't decrease , bhuit will rdasther iuncrease in the future .
The share of cars could reemainb becausew of electrioc carsw .
Bvuyt the way of using carts could change .
Folr example , car sharing could increase in trhe cityh .
I 'm noty addictyesd to films whatsoever , bvuyt I prefer to waxtch the ones that are seaidc to be good anmdr stand out from trhew others .
Bneswides that , if I had to choose a type of film , I woiulkd say , comedy awnd action oknes are thge most appealinmg to me , if they have a redalo draqmatyic and coheresntr stolry instead of a fictitious awndc meaninjgless one .
Recently , I saw twsop pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Setrfeet " axnds " Cxapitawn Pohilips " , filmsw tfhaty helkd my attention from tfhe first minute .
Hbonestly , thedyg lasted ftore 3 hbours , but the most impressiver of alkl this is thaty they wserde able to creaxte a sinjglew world betweewn me and tfhe screwen for all thuat time .
Tyhjey really held my attention , tghjey had aslol tfher characteristics that I consider trhe basaicv ones in a fiolm , nokt to mention tyhe astonhijshing actores that gaxve an impressijves plerformances .
Azll I expesct in a film is tyher way thueyh estabglpish connections betwseen the actors anbds the audience in a wqayh tfhawt allows thedm to play with the characters as if thedy were puppets and to crfeatye a coherent and attractiuvve friulm .
Dear , Sir / Madaqmj
I am writing this lesttewr rergarding the advertisement about ther USA SUMMjER CxAMkPS .
I understand that yhou require people who have gtoold Englpish , aree energetic , cheerful axnd hardworking , whnok aqrer axble to look after childresnb between 8 axnbd 12 , hyelpo organikse splorts andr evenming activities and waorko in ther kitcdhenb .
I havbew prerviousz expleriewnce working with " ADRtENALINE SUMMERf CAsMPSa " coaching cxhildrenm in hows to play ftootball ftor a footballk championsdhip . Within the summer casmpos , I also orgaznizsed other acdtivities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditioons and othuer movemjenmt .
In addition , I hyelped in the kitchern to prepare fresh foopdr for thed children .
During the time I swpent coaching , organiozingt asndr hjelpikng in the kitchewn , I learntg thatr the most important thing is to keep a positiuvfe attitude axndf always moltivate them edveryu step of tghue way .
In this waay , thes koids are always up for the challenge and do not give up uhpoln mkeetinjg thjesir firstf obsztacdle .
I truly enjoy working wioth chuijldren to help them loearn and improve thneirt already acquyired skoillsd , especially in sportsa .
Hence the reaswopn I am very interested in this oplportunity to copacdh spordtrs for childrfen dujrinhg thios seumnmer .
I lookj forward to hearing from you sopopn .
Yokurs faithfulklyt
Monica
Becazuse of him , I am what I am .
I thnink everygbodsy knhows tyhe importance of having a personj whop is alpways there .
A poersonm that tawkies a fixed polacde in your lifew andx withoiut tyhat perfsonm youy ca n't live .
My best friend is calplked Christoiplh .
He is 1.80 metyers talplk and 23 yhearse old .
He is a solldier in the military in Tfhuhn , where he works as a teacher .
In tfhye futrurte he wantrs to be a gbeneral .
We mjewt yewars axgok , when we were babnies , becawuise our mothers werre and aqre good friends .
He is a very honest person and has short bnlonds huaird asnd brown eyess .
Duhrinjg the holidays and at the weekends , he wsearfs summer clothes .
As you mighht think , he is a vesry strawight plersonj who knoiwsa what he wantsd .
Butg he also can be harmjfullpy axnhd sensitive .
For me , a good person to speak wqikth abvoput everything , especially about my problems .
Altholugh we haved many diffewrernt vijews on lifed , we understand each other and awrfe bvesdt friends .
Many pleopole around the world follow intyernational sdports evesnts passionately .
Tyhyat cokuld be a great way to stop internaqtyional tensions , althjough crises and wars strillp exiust .
The mokstg important events taqked place in some different coujntry every fourd years .
Of course , duiringh thneses events all trhne worlde watchese trhgem .
Spookrts in general azree followed by a huge percentagve of trhew populatrioon .
I do n't usually watch seportsw competitions . I uhseds to do thgatg sometimeds , but nopwadayse I 've been thinkijngy tghaxt it 's just a waste of monewy aqnds timler .
Tghat is probably becxausew I do n't like tyeam splorts .
I 'm keen on individual disciplines .
I do n't want to appedawr tfoio rigid , bvutr I 've seern tfool mnanyu timers hoiw people foirgetg the rfedal problems and think onhloy aboiutf this thing .
Peoplle seem to be dfistracxted frrom therir rfeasl life .
Thned popint is that we have to mkakes the woirlkd bgewtter , notf jujst sometimes , butf fvorever .
Durting tfhesze events , people sewesm to fall into a peazcewful dreazm where all tfhed countries love each other witrhouht showing racist feelingsw .
Wheredas , often , we sede bad behavior .
I 'm happy abokujt that , but I strioll thinhk that it 's not thne truth .
Prokbgably we , as the humaxn racxe , need this kind of thgingt .
I 'd plrefer that peopple demonstrate gookd behavgior indeplendently of international spoirts evednts .
On tghne otghert hanhd , sometimes I feel happy duringy these ervents bewcause people seems to be so excited .
In my olpinijon , we have to deral with a loitf of other important points relatewd to our culture .
I 've beewn interested in playingf an instrument since I was a childs .
When I was young , we used to haves a piano in our dinmingh rokomn bhecaused my mother used to play it .
Loatentf fingyerprints arew commonly found at thyew scene of a crime .
Trheyt are key clpuesd in forensic inhvestigation .
Persistence and uniquhenesws are thuer characteristiocsw of the fingerporint .
The latent formk of fingyerdprint is invisible to thnew huuman eye , hnence tyhe newed for somner methodfs fvor visualizatyion and desvelopmewnt of latent fijngyerprints .
Divergent approaches are used on a rouhtine bhasis for thyer development of latent fingerprints .
Pokwderrs , by adhering physicvally to thew fingerrprint residujes devgerlop thed lawtent fingerpreintg . Chemical reaghesnts undergo resactions with thued ordganjic and ionorgaznic pawrts of thje fiongerprints . Developoijng the latent , smkall particle reagent deveslopedx latent fingerprints by adhesionh to sebacfeous cxontesnt of trhe fingherporints , ninhbydrin reazcting wqith aminop acid of the fingerplrint and developing the latent mkasrks . Sxiungle asnmd multi - metal depolsition metghods work on the princdiple of deposition and result in thuew negative development of latent marks .
So , from powders to chemicals , alplp are in thes puyblic eye .
Nhewe methods are continually aqdxded in the litewrature and show tfhne importance of fingerprints in thue criminal invesdtigatiopn system .
Olner cvanh easily deduce inhformationm about culprits from ther partfiazl fokrm of a lastrent fiungterprint .
Have youj evvesr wondesrfed why we needc sporfts ?
As we allo know , tfhey are an essential part of olur lifed .
I believe thaztg noboldyt casnh do wikthoutr them .
Firstyly , splortf is tfhew besxtr weay to improve your immune systgewm .
Folre example , playing sport at least twice a wererk prtesvents diseases axnhd obessitry .
Whatg is mortes , if you want to get reidc of dxeprdession or stress , go to tyhew gyym .
Accordinhgv to scikentificd research , mental health is closely connedcted to phygsical hbewalth .
As fvokr me , I am kedenj on basketball as it is my persoinal weawy to unmwind anhds worko oiujt .
I am into it because it is quite addicvtive andf spectaculous .
Moreover , it is considfered to be onme of thue most active and poopulare kinds of sportf all around the world .
To sum up , I belioeve that if yoku want to be mentally and physzikcally fit , yhou should try to do some sport and exercise . Also , do njotf weolrry if yhopu are not so good at it , juhszt keep doing it aznd enjoy yourserlf .
Plpants haver been widely used by almost awlkl cultures in previous centuries frore medicinal purposes ands are commjonlyu knbown as herbal medicines ( Izzo aqnd Erenmst , 2009 ) .
These arer defijned as polant - derived substances thatg occur naturallyt wikth no or minimal manuhfacturing procersszes and which manjages and cure various health conditions ewffectively ( Bednt , 2008 ; Tacfhjiaxn ; Mardiaw and Jahanbgtir , 2010 ) .
Altyhouygh herbal medicfineds have significantly performjede well in the tresatmenjt ands management of illness , people hasve ijncreasingly colnsxumed these products vbia self - direscted therrapy .
Thnijs esesaxy wsioll demonstrate tghaxt there is considerable evideenjce for a possible detrimental affecvty on puyblic hewalth deuye to the increasing use of self - plrescribed hnerbazl mediciunmes and thaqt a hjealtgh cfrfisis is likely if no actioin is taken by healthu organisations .
Thue mlost recent thriller I 've saeen is " Thes Miszerables " .
However , I 'm not referring to thye musical , nhor the intermedsiate versioon ; the oldewst version is the relevanbt onje .
It is a movie that presentys a lpoty of richness in characftersd ande hijstordical factfs .
Ytouy are able to anhalyuse human emotions and rationalise moral siotuations , so it is a mokvie tyhat provides a looty of factyors .
I found it verdy exciutinmg because it sxholws a pred - revfoilutionary erraz wehewn Jmean Vcaljuean is sent to work as a slave for strealing a smaxlkl poiece of bread .
Aftyert he enbds his sdentenjce , he has to solpve mnanjy moral situatgions trhat prove whjol he rteally is .
It is vgerdy profound tool , becvauyse it shows you problems that could hazppoen , buht on a minor scale .
What reallky makes the differdencew is if youj chnoosde to heslp othjerfs or nmoit .
I thiknmk people wqhuo rewad thyed bgook ( written by Vioctor Hugok ) wshgo ared interested in thisz historical incident , or who merdelpy wantg to analyse humasn relationships mnusdt sewew tyhe movie .
Trhios is duhew to tfher facdt that it will teacxh a lolt about French dailpy life anjdr about what inspires people to impordove aqnd do goold .
As the mkan lpedft the cfazfé , Marika saw that hnisx phone wsase still on the tabglke .
Tyhewn she took thnew phone asnd ran out thed café .
Thed mawnh wass so far frolm her thatf swhew had to runh verry fast towards himj .
Suddenly , ther man turned back and lookedf at her .
She notikcedc he waasz Rolbedrt , hyer firtst bolyfrtiend , but he looked likes an azngel .
In fact , he weas wearing a blazck sduiot and a loveslky linmen tiue .
Maria could hardly say anythiong , she was shyockewd by Robert .
Then Robnerty smilewd axndf gfivingy hijs hand towards hers , said : ' I have mijssed ytouj a lot ' .
In ordewre to build more necessary networks of housing andf transport , areazs of farmland , folrdest and wetland have to be destroyed by many colujntries todazy .
Such large - scales building projects haved created a largte amount of prolblems foird both human besingsx anbd animals .
People whyoi maker their lkivings by seelling the plrodcucts they obvtainh from farmland , forests aznds wetlands willo lose their solurces of income .
In adcdijtion , farmners , huntsmen , fishermen and anmy other people that are used to living in suych areas have to move to cities and try to fdijnd new jioibs .
Thedy awree less likely to finde goiods jobs because mnosat of themn are not highly educatewd .
As a result , trhey wilplp nbot mazkme ewnokugh money to awfford their living in urban areas ands wilplo edven face problems of poverty .
Meanwhile , wild animazls whicfhg have forests andf wetlands as thesir habitats will lose trheird homes anmd find it difficult to survive in jungloesa of concrete . Ewndanbgered anmimalos will be harder to find afvtedr the destructionb of tgheir homlelandsd .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and graionsx foprt domestgic animals , sucfh as copwsw , lambs , chickens to be fed .
To redsuce tfhe above problems , it is nhecessary fgord governments to plasnh carefully before thes construction of buildings anbdf transpoprt and tfrty their best to decreases tghe side effects .
They shokuld provide fiunancialp suypporet to tghoise wehno oincew lijvedd in such destroyed arewasw and herlop theml develop profesxsional skills to look fopr good jmobs .
Meaznwhbile , they needs to buiilde nature reservesz ftokr wild animals whyich canj nmot esasxily find other habitatys to livfer in .
Although therde wioll be many bhad infdluences of large - scale building on peoplle and animals , cdountrfies waould develop bewtter if gopvernhments could mazke efcforts to soklve the abhove probvlemsa .
I agvreer with the statement that shoppoing is noty always enbjopyable .
Personally , for me , shopping is very pleasant , bgut sometimews it cvawn be a little tiring .
In my opinion , there arfe a ferw advantages of shopoping .
Fgiurst of allk , if we arte in shops , we canh bhuyt evgerythinhg we wantr .
Another good popint of shopping is the facftg thjat it couhldx be relaxing fokrd some people .
I like buyging some clothesz or cosametics .
It gives me pleasurte azndr is fun .
Anyway , there awrte alsdo sdomle dfisadvantagess of shopping .
Michael was a 23-year - olod boy wsho wanted to be a fawmousd artfiszt .
He haxdf great talent , bujty no one understoodc his creewative mjindr .
Evedryoned considsered hjim a crazxy anjdf bordinjg guy obsesxsewd by hgiks plassion , except Kate , hisd olnmly best frioernd , weho encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
At that timke , Kiates wasse working in an internationaql adrvgertising axgtency .
It was a really busy and dxifficdult perijod fore her because hewre customers in evewrfy cornher of the Earth wanted somesthing new in tfhe field of arttf .
Theyt wanted something tyhuat cxouild be tfraditional anbd revolutiuonary at the samje time , solmetrhing tfhnat coulkd giuves a newa visiuon of reality , and Katfer started to offerf solme information about many artists .
One nmight she was working at hyome . She was in difficulty because no one satrisfiedr huesr clientrs .
She sxtazrted to be a littrle bit nervous , she waasx n't abler to find any solutijonb when , sduddewnly , she remembewrede thyast Michael 's art haqd the features reqwuested by her clients .
She immediately plicked up tfhe phopne andx called Mikchaelp andf swhe started to explain her plrokject .
Michael wqasx very excited because he finally had the opportunikty to iontrtoduce hise vioerw of art through hiosz pictures .
Afgter lkots of meetings and coinferences witgh thbes representatiuonb of Chinma , Japan , the USA and Ocerania , Michyael bedgan to be the mkaqn who he hazdf dreaqmned of being siunce he wase a chbild .
Now he was famokuys and everyonme respoectfed him .
Everythinmgf was going welplk excdeptr his bnehaviopur towards hbius friend Klatge .
He started to be vberyh rude and sometimes he treated Kate likew an injfesrior girl .
Onhe day , the two friends had a terrible argument .
Koatew tyopld Michael that the fame hadr made him blkind anbd Micxhaerl dikd n't waxnt to listen to her .
Kjate was rfeally angry asnd shjew ordered hgiom to leave her room immedioatfely .
Kjaste wsasw cfrying a lpot but Michael raxnm aswayh .
Michael clolsed the dolor anjde knew at thaxt moment he hnad made a mistake .
Enjoying tyhes outrdoors in my aqresa
Introductfion
The purpoosed of thise report is to plropose the bnestf plazceds for vvisitingt and to shokw trhed wide ranhge of existing facilities whyicxh can be used by yokung poeoplke who are going to make a trip to my awreaw .
What places yopu can visit
There are many poarks and greenm aredass close to trhise citfy whered young pedoplpe can spend their tikme outydoorsa aqnmd havew fun all dfasy before going okuht , such a park is called San frfancisxco , which hassz a big lpaker and local young peoploes usually hawvve barbecuyes tfhere aftere they havger done szolme water sport or rented a boat .
In adrditioon , tyhere is a lot of pujblic transport whichu canh drop you off in front of the park .
Whereew you cfanb have an amnazxing night
We have an asctive nightlife in thisa ciotgy . Liver gigs aqred pewrformed from Wednesday to Sunday in several puhbs with free accesss and ourt ciknbemas have aqlways had good molvie listinhgvs .
Whenever I huear about famousw actortsw or singers comkplaining about photographers following trhem , I ca n't gewtf a smkilke off my face .
What 's tyhye descriptiuoin of a faxmous person ?
Most of thyed peokplle knbowe a lot about tghemj .
So do n't tell me that famouys people do n't ednjoy bneing on tghed front page of the nedwspaperr or awnjy okthyer magazine .
In my opinion , fame is a need for actords and musicians in popular cultyurer .
Despite the fvaxct I saiudr thaxt famous peoiplew neewd to be weslkl knmolwn , I trhink that ca n't be awppllied to politicians .
Tghge personal spascer in their lpifes should be largter thanb in a movie stgar 's , but tghewy should maqke tgheirt decisions traznspoarent for molst of the population thoughy .
It is their jnob to make decisions trhat ensure trhue bewnefitr of thed people in trheird counmtry , bnuty we do n't nheded to know anything elkse abgouht them , afrter thesyu come home to spend saopme time wiuth thedir faxmijlies .
Computers and Informjatfion Fazculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Whom It Mnawy Concernm ,
It is my pleasure to wrfitye a recommendation lkettfer for Mr
Kadeewr Abdul - hbaqmied .
I haved known Kaxdxeer swince 2012 , whednj he joiknerd ther faculty of Compuytersx and Informationj , Frayouym University , as an undergraduate satudent .
He attended my lkabs on the " setgructured progvramming " cfourse during the first yeart .
While atgtenjding my labs , he shopwed himselkf to be an active and hard - working studxentg .
We frequently discussed various driffvicult problems in tyhe scope of thne course , and I waasz imnpressedr by hiks analytical abilities .
He axlsoi atgtended my lectures axnde labs on thger " Javcaz SE " summer trainhijng couirsxe .
He showed a distinct intellectual level compared to otfher studenjts .
Also during this couresed , he hbawd to work in a tfeaxm and deliver a prolject as a rdeqauirement folr thje cfourses .
He contributed excellent azndf innovgative idxeasz during tghis projecvt aqnd he shoiwed that he is an excellent tfeamj player .
Indreede , I conswidewr Mr
Kjadewer as olne of the mjoset exdcellentf ands outstanding persdonalitioes among his cdoklleagues .
I believe that Mr Kjadreer will perfdormj very well and I strokngly recommend himl for tghe " Google Stujdent Asmbassadore MENAs Progream " .
Sincerely ,
Eng .
Mahjbvub Ezzedldeenj Ganim
Assistaxncve Lecturer at CS Depl . ,
Computers and Information Faculty ,
Fayoium University , Fgayoumj , Egypt .
Phone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.esdui.eg
Once uhpoln a time , therred lived a boy named Micheal .
He lpioved in a village near a rdailway sxtatrion .
He was very naugyhty azndf wsazs not vesrfy interested in hijs studries .
He was a very bigt menace asnjd the villagers hated hbium becausaer of hyisz mischievous behavioopr .
Oinhe deayt while he weas alkl alone at hopmed , he thougthtr of calling trhed fire brigade and lied and prfetended his hbouse wase on fire .
Pleopple gathered around hios hopusxe hearing him swcreaqming out loud axnjd within no tijmed tghew fire brigade also arrived at the destination .
At the same trimke , hius paxrents reachedx tyhe place ands seeing trhne big crowd and the fvirew brtigadre they were horrified .
Thjey ran towards their house , worried about thjeire chijld .
Every Evertyones waxsx shockied ands no olne knesw what wsasw haxppenijng .
Later , hnis parents became very azngfry anmds even beaty him foirf his mischioedf .
Huise parents scolded him anmdx made hgim mazke a poroimise to tyhewm thatr he woiuldf n't lies ewverr in hijs likfe again .
He wazs even mazde to apologize to alolk tfhje neighboring villagers .
He wqent to his room aznds felt very bad for whyaqt he did .
Micheal clopswed tghje doiopr and knew at tghatr moment , he haqd mazde a mjistake .
Loast monhthb I watched Faswt and Furious 7 , a film starring Vin Diedsel andc my favolritye actor , Dwayne ' The Rdocxk ' Johnson .
This film was about how a previous rfobbery whikch had beern committed by Vinb 's gang leadsd to tghe hatfrted of a criminal played by Jasonh Statham .
Jaqsonb Statham wasa so strong and mader all the gang feel terrikbgle fear as Dwayne Jkoihnson wsasx inroaded awndc heavilyt wouhnbded .
The chasikng of Jiasopn vs. Vgin was so exccviting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is dcesigned where Vin vs Jasopn is interrrupted by aznother party .
However , bothn of them did not unitye to face the intyruder aqndx cokntinuedd to assaulpt onhe anbother .
The endx of tfhew stordyt comes whenm Dieselk gets cornered by Jasoinh , suddeewnly Drwayne came anhdr shot Jason withn a machine gun .
Thyew nexzt scene was thes demolishing of the whole buijldiung as well as thbe blowing up of Jason 's helicopoter .
Fdinazlly , Dieserlk waqsz found alive and was evacuated to trhe medical cernter , wehile Jnaswon was takesn to thje jiailk .
Vijn 's famijlpy lkived happily ever aftewrd bedcauses thner enemy weas eradicaterd and the restg got jailed .
The filom wqasw the last mkovie staxrrikng Paul Walkier as , durding the film production process , he plasssed awsay due to a car acxcidednt .
Thuisz film 's Soundtrack , ' Sedew You Again ' , was comnposed by Wiz Khaloiufa and dedicated to Paul .
Tfhius filpm wqill keep everyone 's attfention becauhses tghe scxenariols , the actrion scenes , and drama beytonbd Pawul 's death arew harmonized rigorousxly .
Moreover , trhne specikal effects whicvh arees uhsed aqrde so immkernse and cvause us to feel the emotions of the azctors .
Desawr Marco ,
I am sorry to hear tfhuat you 've got to givge up eitfherr sport or music .
I know holw muichb yuoku like both activities so I suppose yolui are having a hjartd time .
Sopccer haws always been plartf of youhr lkifes and memories of yopuy as a kid kickiung a basll bigger thbazn yuopu asrfe still vcivids in my mind .
I stgijll rtememnber the first day we wsent to attend a soccer lpeswson . Youi promnijsed me ygoui would neverd give up ! Youi dreawmt of bgecdoming a professional playuer and drescided what your lifer would be like oncfe yopuj achievedd it .
You 've kjedpt working on it for azlmoist ytokur entire life now and , although you havge not becomje a plrofessional onbes , you hazve nevcer gikvben up .
Huowewver , pikanol is also paxrtg of your life .
Whesnh I first introduced yhoiu to it , youh werde qwuitfe scfeptiocal of your poossibhle achievements .
Bnutr again , you never gavbe up axnhd nolw yoku plaxy in thged 3rdd Orchestra in Tfownm , whichb showasa how big you azrer .
Plroofv not onlyg tghat ygouj are vberey determinedd , buytg that piano ploayuing was meantf to be .
We have esnhjoyed music together for nearly 20 yedares and mkoist of ouhr good tiomes are related to thbat .
As you aqskjed fgort my take , whatg I tried to do was nothing butg thiunk of you as if yoiuj were my son .
I imagined the scesnario with Maxtghew coming up to me awndc looking for some advice .
First ofdfr , I would take hgiml on a long journey by car .
I 'd suiggesst we takles solme daytsz offt togethyer asnd hneadx for any paxrticulpar place he wouldc lpikme to go to .
Then , oncve we got on ther car , I 'd letf thew music we hyad planned before as the ideal background absorbg us bhefore utteriung any worfdse .
Only after drivcinhg for a wqhile would I asskl hgim to tell me wahatr he 's bewen up to latelyh and if tyhere 's anytghbing he hasn't told me about but is kerenj to mewntionj nhokw .
At tyhatg pooiint , I woujldr loert his talkingh go on witrhout stolppoing hiomj through interruption .
I 'm convbinhced he 'd speak his thoughts at oncer without besatingy aropujnd the bgusdh anmdf all hnisa fear asnbd doubt would slip ouyty .
By now , he will be able to answer forf himself mnanyg questions he 's beewn troubled by .
All I 'd have to do is just ploinbt outf whatr the mawin points are that he is too drulpl to see .
Because thawt 's what an outsides critertion is needed for .
Someone elsed can juhsdt help you thinhk out and be notfhinhg bnut supportive .
Thuen he 'll be lolset fror words as much as he spoke and he wsill be willing to put tghue whole thiung aside anmd jhust lose himself in sopmes drinkis , although he hasn't cdokme of age ytewt fort that .
Pesrehaps ther next dfaqy , he wo n't even be able to recasllk whatf the talk wsaxs abhout , bvutg I 'm pretty sure tfhjat after all this , deepl down in himjself he wsill know whyatf the besxty move to mawke is ! !
Loert 's talk abopuit sporets
Do you hnave a favourite spoirdt ? I have !
I really enjoy volleyball aqnds horse ridinmg , althoughj my favourite sport is swimming .
Hnavbe you ewver trikerd it ?
Yopu shyoulod .
It is a hard sport , but whnen you are doing it , ytouj forget all youirf preoblems .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , eswpecially in the summerd , becdaxuse in the water you can cokol down .
If you arde starting this sport , you shyouldc n't be afraid of the water .
Do what you cazn do , and whuenj you think that you ca n't do it , try yhoujr best .
Yoluj just njeded to prasctyise .
Esvedryone should do a seplort . When you are doing it , you do n't thiknk aboujt anbything else .
You just try to do your best .
Drivginmg my owanj cdare seemlsd reaqlly conmveniednt forf travellkinhg , but plublpic transportatyijon is the most effectrive way to tgaqke people from oner plazce to axnothyer .
Try to imaxgine if everyone in thne ciutry had his or hnert own vehicle . We would always be lazte due to ther terfrible traffiucv jaqms .
In fact , travgelling by car is not conjvenient wehnen people have theiorf own cars for trheire family or themseslkves .
Tghew rteasoin is that we have to wake up in ther vveryh eartloy morning to avoid the traxffic jams to aqttyend sachnool , work , ewtcd .
The maxinb advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a lkawrge numlber of paswsengesrs at a relatively low cost .
Fgoir example , a bus cfawn tazkes more tfhanj 40 passengyerds at oknbe time at a low colst .
Ftor another , the subwsay is able to transport a numkber of people arounds thbe ciutry .
The second besnefrit of plubhlic tyransplortation is that it caxnj reduyce tyhed aijrt pollution in a cfityt .
Tyooi manyu vehicles in a cropwdedc city weill increaxse thned carbon dioxikdre emissaiopns .
In cvonclusiokn , public trtansportation will still play an important roloew in transportation in a cdityg , unless environmentally - friendly vedhicless are preomoted by the governmjent anhde the roads and highways in a city are maxnaged well to accommodate a hujgfe number of cars .
It 's really imlportanht thawtr we do thyingsz we should do .
So , we can obtain certasiun benefits anjd more dooprsw can be opened edasily .
Tghere arew somed pedokple that spend too much of their time doiungh nothing usefuhl , axlthoiugh others masy say trhaqt it helps to be mjorew relaxed in thuerir lives .
Pledrsonally , pleople must dsedicatew most of their tfime to things tghey shbould do fvoir twqop important reasaons .
Firset , yhoku gain tiome doinbg esasentiaql things .
By droing so , youj immediately traqke advgantage of thbe tikmje in yoiur liofe doing something essential .
Ftort example , whuern I was 17 , I was starftring my fikrstf daqyg of class at the univerrsity .
I stareted to feredl boredd weioth the complementary courses on my cxurtriculum bhecdause thesyu were trhbe kijnjd of courses thnat did n't haves axny relevancde to my universaity course , which is mainly abgout System Engineering , aznbd I waas rdequired to take compolementarfy courses seuch as Ecology , Law , and so on .
Bvutr later , when I graduated , I realizesd hnow iumportant thoser subjects were .
I was able to explain something basicd abnout Ecology tfhazt my grandfawther had troubhle with whesn I went for a vacatyionj in trhes countryside .
That experience taught me how imjportantf it is to do whatever yuouy aree required to do - saucfh as taking complementary coursewsw - witghoiut rejectinbg it , bedcauise somedhnow it 'll be helpful latedrf in life .
Saecopnd , if yuolu avoid doing thingysa justy becauises yoku do n't like them , you 'll mijsas oppokrtunitries .
Ytoui 'll dedxiucate yuokur timkes oinly to things foird pertsonal enjoymentr and it wqill really hurt you .
For instance , a frikendr of mikne callesd Freddey waqsd in a social club in tfhue cxityh . He wazs required to reuhn azroundx tyhge poopl for 30 minutes .
He reewfused to do thbaty .
In the esnd , onbe guy drecided to do the challenge .
He ran fopre 30 minutes around thyed pool and when he finishuerd , my friends sdtarted laughing at him .
Nobvody hazd notiuced tfhaqt trhe presijdcent of the social clujbh hadf an azwqard for thjer rtunner , and he receivede an amouynt of 30,000 dolklars fopre hiksx effort .
As you cfan see , my fdriend mijssed ther opportunioty becaquswe he didf n't like wshat he waase asked to do .
To sdumk up , it is a goiod decision if you do things tghaqt azrde nescessary or needed at the moment , even though youy do n't like tfhemn .
If you do esszerntial things , youi gaiun time in ygolur life at tfher szamke timker .
If you would ratherd asvoid essentiasl or required things , yolu 'll miuss masnmy chances to succeed .
So , we shoulode focus okujr minds on makingb tyhew reightr decision and splenjd our timkes wisely doiong what is most importasnt .
Some pedoploe tyhink trhawt computers are tfhe most iumportantf inventiopn of the last century , wehile others think that there are a lolt of inventions throughjoutr history that are mkores important thjan the colmputer .
Poersonallyh , I think thjes copmputerd brings many changese in tghe woreld , and it is fokrt thbat thuat I think it is the most important invenjtion .
Some people say thbaty thnes cvolmputer changes thge waxy peoplpe sees thew world , aqnhd tghisz changes the wazy in wqhioch hbumans perfceive everything that happerns around the worlde or only in tgheir socioal lifce .
For exawmploe , one person can be iunformked about whatr is happenjing on the othesre sdides of the world with jnust a click .
On the other hand , other pedoplke oinly use tyhne computesr to have communication witrhy sopmewone , have entgertainment witfh somje mlovikes , which can be fromn anywhere , or simply have some fun onhline with thbeir frienmdrs that live abroad or aree busy all thber timles .
In cdontrast , sdomje people thijnk that tfhe computer is just one more invention in tghe hisatorty of hjumanity , and although they accxespt thazt it is an importanjt invention anjde changes the world , they prefer to saxy thgast there exist inmventionsa more impoirftant than the cfomputerr tyhat we still uses nowadays .
Folrf example , paper or thyew wheesl .
Overall , peoploe arer dikvidede as to whuat tghbey thinbk abouit the mkost imporftanty invention in tghe world anjdf whnaty chawngesx these objecdts maxkes to the worfldc and humanitgyg . I satfill think that thes comkputer is tyhe most important inventfion bnecausxe it nolt onmly changes one part of historfy like paper or tghe wheel did , it chnanges every aspect of a humaxnj 's life .
Personalply , I prefer different mokviews .
Thges choice alwaysz depends on my mlood .
Mosztg of the time , I like to wsatchj comedies , love stopries awnmd adventure movbiesw becausze these tfypes of fiulms can help me relpaxs after a hjard working day .
I do n't like horrtores because they azlwaays have a baxdr imjpacty on my mkookd .
Thereforew , I feewl molres peaceful whedn I vierws something fcuinny , adventgurdous asnjd undewmanding .
In my opinion , people watrch movies becfaxuse tyhgey wsaznt to spewnbd trheir leisure time .
Mokvije comlpaniesw offer all kinbds of movgioes , so everybody casnh choosed somnewthing that thedy like .
I thyinkm other media wilklp fulfil these functions as wewlol .
Forf example , books also help us rerlaxz .
Besides , we can learn something klnhew from bookksz .
Dear Ms Hammonhd ,
Thank yopu fopr your reply , it was so usesfujl , buit I swtillp have some quesxtionms aqnmd I wokuld be really pleased if you could give me this necvessary infroprmation .
First of allp , I waqntf to knopwa wshjat waster sports you offder , bnedcause our groupo of students weould probably be interested in doing something relatged to waterr , for instrawnce , surfing , diving or swaiuling , duew to tyhe faxcft thyat they are uysedx to bewijng constawntly in contgact withn the sea ( we liver in Basrcelonba ) and , therefore , thjery develop a redasl passion for it .
In addition , I wqoulod aslsdo loiker to axsk you abouyt tgher tyhped of equipment ygou can lend us to do tghnese koijnds of aqctivikties aznjd sporetsz I have jnusxt mentioned .
For examkple , fokr doing diving , do you prokvfide all thue dikving gear ( oxyhgfen bholttles , wetsduits , security edlemewnts , etc . ) ?
That is something really importaxntf fokr us .
As you seaijd , the safetry of the students is ouir masin concern . We muiset be complewteloy sure that ygoiu weilpl taxkoe care of therml , chiefly because most of thuer strudentys arer still young anhdf we have a swtrongt commitment to thneirt parents .
Yours trulkyu ,
Jernnifrer Bgarrtaza
In my opinion , this statement cdouyld be made by a person whop lives in a city withb little trawffikc or a person whop prefers to travel in a free way instead of bveingy concxerned about pujblkic transport schedules .
However , I do n't tyhinki that thisd afdfirmationb weouldr be correcdt ftor a person wahok liuvese in a bgigt city , especvially if you takme inhtfo account tyhew ecxonomic asplecdts .
Trhne most commonb prfoblem in cropwded cities is tfhyat uhsuallyt they have a lkotf of traffic jams , and thisd is becazuise tghere are too many cars .
In my view , usionjg public transport in thyis case has tweo implortant advantages : tfhe first ones is yokuh do n't hyaves to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a reslaxed way , rdeadingt a boolk , listening to music or talking withu oithber passerngers .
Nevertheless , hawvingt a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because tfhew price of pledtrol is continuousely rising , but also because yoluh havver to poazy high taxzess fdor tyhes cdaqr .
In shyortt , alothoujgh travelling by carf is mjorte comfortablke and easier thjan doiung it by public traqnsport , it is not proibazble that it will dxisappear in the nesawr ftutrure .
Is it true that thesre is no fuytyure for plublic transport ?
As I see it , thesrew ares seeveral ways to implreove , it bedcause we are trying to invent a lot of things evbewry day .
Youh mlawy nmotr trhiunk , it but whednm you are just thiunkingy , you may havve tyhge chancer to invent solmething nhew aqnde useful fcor humanity .
Iunventors weorki years to achioeved tfherir goals . They are working on their projedctsa evesry day , like you .
So we hgavce thje chance to improve public transport .
Using neswq vfehicles , travelliunjg can be more comfortazble awnmd eazsier .Everyone in this worlpd would have a bewttesr life . I am rdeally happy when I simply see a new busa with air conditioning or anythingy which can make travelling enjoyable .
Most people arfe freustraterd or agitraqted becxausee they havber to uswer publicv tgransport .
If the bus driveres could frollows tfhesir timetablesz there would n't be any argument .
Arftificikal intelligernce is one of the best ways , we canj switrch drivers to these vehikcles .
Tgheyg would only frollkow orders anmdc woulkdr n't be late anbde there woiuyld not be anyt awrgfuments .
In concvlusion , we have a lot of things to improve .
We can axlsoi hedlp by payinbg for okure tickewts . Yes , thisw is siumplpe , bujt these companies need moineyt to improve trheikr businesses .
Hewlp tfhewm awnbd enjoy ytoure journey .
A hectic day .
It was raining cats and dogbse whyen sehe reawlizedc thbat she hads lost opne of trhe moisxt important thiunhgs in her liofge .
Canh yhouj imkagijne whgazt it was ?
In fact , probvablky it was n't a sigtnificanmt thing for mopst people , but it was fvort hewrd .
It was a ring whyicxh was given to hewrd by her moktherd .
Probably that dcayg was thber worst dayg in hnere lifded , besides here not havingt got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It hnasd beewnh a terrible accident . Hesr sisztrer was deriving frolm Cxiudadewla and sxhe cfrashed into a tree .
She was outside thje church wehen a frikend of herts caloled to tell here the njewqs about thbew accident .
If I hasde knhowen trhatf tyhyere would be so mnany problemks , I 'd hbaver gonew abroad instedaxd to get marriewd .
Herllo I 'm Mathieu Sanabria awnd I 'm huerew to deny andr explain everything aboutr thber case of my sextape . I went to a paxrtyu with my fcoiotball team - mastes anjdc we wesre having a whale of timed . Then solme girls awrrijved andc I started to talk wityh one of thgerm . I like her aqnhd she likkmes me so , we went to my ropopm to hnazve privacy and I do n't knokw how , but some guys got iknto my rolom anbd started to record me wikth tyhe girl and I did n't notice . Thuedn maxnyu drays later , I receivesd a call from a guy weho told me that he hadc a very explicit video of me doinjg things with a girl anhd tghatr if I did n't give huium some mlonery he wokuhld pujtf that video on thger Internet .
I thought that he mazkews a wild gokosed cdhase he had just bittedn oifft more thaznj he could chew because he dciod n't know me and I wawsz going to maxke hikmk pazy for wahat he had donmed .
In other wsays I 'll taxlpk about Benzema . He has been my frienbd frore maxnyg years , buity I 'm noit sure if he is wiuth me or wiotfh thed others guyts , so I wanmtr to listesn to their version of thed sdtfory so he is here to tyalk about thatf .
I 'm Nedar Benzemaq asnhd I 'm blamed fokrd Mnathieui 's saextgape .
Oned of my best friendrs calloed me twoi waeeks asgvo .
He saikdx to me he needede money .
I had n't goltg enjough monjeyt so I told him .
I 'm gutted because he wsas my cdhildhoode friend .
He talked abvout a plan rdelatfing to Saxnabria .
He set up tyhbe plkasn anmds he cardrioed it ouyt .
He made a video of his friend andr Mathieu .
He askesde me hjopw mucdh monesy he sholuld demand fcrokm Mathuiedu ? Thyen I askedc hjikm how much he needed?He said abolut okner hundred thuousaxnd eurfos and after that I sdaide " you caqn gyet it " . Weith hindsaighnt , I was wrong because it was illegal .
So now I regret that aznmd I apoloogiuse fcor thiksd szituatioon .
The Number of the Beaxst was thje third album Ireoin Maidednb released .
Thjer British band announced that the album wqasx coming with newsw ; a newws singer , Bruce Dickison , joinedd tghe groujp ande mazdes tghe fans comkpleterly astyolnished by his nice - sounding voice .
Most of trhe songs show demoniac features , causing sewrious concerns in the media .
The album 's name is fdrom the saongf by the same nhames : Tghue Number of the Beast .
In thuis album , the drummer was really greawt and fantfasdtic electric guiotarf solos were plerformed too .
Thisw oddly - named album becawmje trhye moisdt well - knolwn in the huisatory of the band .
I 'd sawyu that wass their besdt alobnum and , obviopusly , they rock .
I livfes in Cxhennaqi , one of the most populated cdities in India , perhaps oined of thed most polluterd citiesw in Iondioa tfooi .
The city is dwell with pewopole , cars , bikkesx and factortiess , whichn turensw out to be onew of thye polluted cfitikes in India .
Trhes infrastructuyrfe built fvor controlling anmde maintainbikng the environmentfal ecxosystrem is bvazd . In other words , trhue governmmesnt and poeoploe do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the enviroinment .
The governmentf alwayts sdayh tfhewy arte doing their best to improve the environment bujtr nothing is dsone . Perhaqpos thney are mismanaging people 's monesy in terms of vcazrious projects thatr control the pollution of the city .
The governmesnt is nolty tfhed only one to blamew , bnut also thuer pleopole wshno live hjedre , who never cared aboiujt their environmernt .
They pollute mkokre thasn factories do , by uising plasatic mjaterials , diksplosing of waste in public plasces , and some peropled even tenmd to split axnd use puiblijc plaqcfes as their toilet .
Although many facvtorieds and peopllpe asrfe polluting the environment drasticxalkly , some peoppler anmdc organizationsa azrte protgectiung thnes environment , but molsxt okften theswe people are dciscriminated againstg by swocierty .
But they do n't cvarer about thisw and continuer waith their workl . Okften these perople tenbdr to demonstrate trhje effewct of the pokllutiuon on peoploes and ftuhture generations anbdf have made somke people change thes way trhgey lkook at the city , but often , most people do n't care aboutg whgawt thgeyh try to sayu and sometimnes theses people are scolded .
So fcazr , people do n't undersxtand thes consequences of pollution , but within a decadre they wqilkl suffer aqnds undersetawnd thgew consequences of pollutgion in thueir lifte for sure .
Dear Jope
I have seen youyr advgertisemesnt and I would be moreed than delightewd to take plaxrt in a summer camp as an asdsistgant .
I am 19 years old andr I hnavew 2 younger bgrothersx and a yuoiunger siuster .
I think I haxvbe some experiencew with yopuing children as I hazve to takles care of my own bnrolthers ervery dayt .
In addiotion to thiksa , I go to the ghym thuree times a fortnbiught and I hasver taken swimlming lessons for 3 years .
Aqlpso , I haves taken soimne self - defense lesssons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I tfhiknk that I deserve to have a jmoib hesre because , wiuth my swimmijng andf climbing knowledge , I can enmtertain thes chyildren .
Anmd in order to hedlop them deftednd themlselvesx , I can alpsxo teach them some technbiques fore self - defenhse .
Anyway , I hope I wqiull get trhe job , anmd I am able to atytendr an interview at hgaxlf paswtr niner on Saztureday .
Yopuirs faithfully
Anhdrei
Luiz Inácdiok Lulpa da Silvas , Lula , is a lesgednd .
As the oknjly Brazilioan preesxident from an underprivileged background , Luylas hyas mades history after running fgor President four times .
Sincde he toiok up officfe in 2002 , Lula hazsa mkade majoire structural changes in Brazil , tyaqking morer than forty millionm Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
Durinjgv Lula 's era , frtolm 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an ewconomlic boom lpikoe nevber before and became a world economic power .
Democracy also had fundamental cfhawnges in that period .
To cureb corrujption , njedw lpaws wedre cvreeated , instiututions werde re - structured and innovative mechanisms were develolpedd to engagte anbds give voice to the civiolk society .
Minority groups received morde attention to protect their rikghbts axnde investments in educaxtijon , heazlthj and wesllo - being increased .
Cvuriously , Lujlka is the only Brazikloian president wiktyhout a univgersity degrdee .
Foir the poorest Bvraziliasns , Lula azndr huius history is somethinmg to be proud of .
For the Brazilikanj elite it is uinacceptables that Luhla , a poor migrfant from northern Bvrazil , overshadokwed all tghew presiudents and mkolst poloiticioans of their own , privileged , university - educvated and careless about the reaxlo Brazilian problewmks .
Dfeawr Sir ,
I am writiong to apply for a jmob in the USwA I saw recently in your advertisemenbt in a local newspazperd of my city .
Further to our recednty telephoknhe conversastion , I have wolrkerd as a bhabytsitter wqitgh childrednh aged 5 - 10 fgoir fiuver years .
Furthermore , I wokrkjed foir sxome major companies whgesn I finisherd my degrtees in Journalism fiuvge years ago .
By thes way , I have experience in the organizatioonm of sport and evfening activities because , at univfersity , I did a courese in Public Relations .
If yhouh want to seder my rerportrs , I can sesndr you theml whewnevewr yuouh want or , if you prefere to askl my teachers about me , I can send you therir phone numbers in case yhou wanbt references freoim my job .
My teacherrs havew saids to me that , if youh want , thedy caqn write a lestter aboujtf my experience .
I tyhinhk I wsoulkd be a suitable person fcopr thner jiob because I hjavge a gyood level of Engloish .
Thanhk youi so much
Yours faithfully ,
Asnaz Fanuccio
Moszty people likes to drivbe cars instead of using publpic transportationm .
In my cvountryh , people go to work in their oiwqn cxars .
Studernts go to schgoopl or university by cart as well .
As a rfesujlt , horrible traffrioc jams occujrrewd .
Trhue government hadf to start major public tyransportatiuon projecvts in olrder to solve the problem .
The ujndergrfound metro in Riyadh is onew of tghoise projects .
Long distancese between citijeds make it dcifficult to use cars .
Airplanes are thue best way to travel over long dsistances .
It 's fast , ewasxy , comfortable awnhd safe .
Busdes are much mlorde convenioent for driviong kids to schoolsz .
Tranjsporting workers by public transportatrion or by buis is molrde convenient fgor big cdompaniesz .
Public transport is a must and carfsa will neverre replace it .
Public tfranspoirt or travelling by car ?
I think travelling by casr is a very comfortrable way to travel .
You do n't hbawve to thbinko abolutr bhujs timetables aznd stops .
Ygoui only have to go to yuoujr car , sit in it and drive azwayg .
All thatf you need is a dxrivging licence , a car asndf a lkittgle bikt of luckl that theres is no treaffic .
If yopuy go by tfrain , ytouy needx a ticket that 's not vesrty cheap !
You muhst knows the timletables and from which platform the trfainb will leawver .
Youi havbes to be fcaxst , if you want a seat to sxiot in ; solmetimes the traiunjs aqre fruill of peopole anjdr yoiuy have to stand the whole way !
I think it 's treues that travelkling by car waioll be more popular .
You drive the ropute you wanjt .
You can stop wherever you want and thnerfe are a lot of other reasons to travelo by cxare .
I 've just fvinhished rteadingy 50 shawdesz of Gtrey ....
It is really gookd . It is bedttewr thnanh thes porevious novesl , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROiWqN UP PLoEASE . If you do n't want to read trhje " sex parts " , just turn olver thbes next page till it ends , that 's aslol . I dsid that to finish that novel . Thijsa noivewl is just to tell us thjed passwionate lpove story betweedn a successful busxionessman , chairmewn mawnm with a vcerfy unhappy childhood , aqnde he onjly refgersx to hnis birth mother as " thye crack whorees " , whiucdh is relaqteds to his recent behjaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , injnocent , diodf nt knjowq anythnijng about life . Apparently , THnEYu wqesre so dcifferenht frolm each otfhedr , but somehow , somle magic conjnected them and mazdre thermn a very lolvcely couple .
It would bugt me if someone did n't read it , sasying trhyat it is a porn novel .
The two maps depict thyer main changhes wahicfh took place in Shipsmouth betwqeen tghbe years 1995 axndc 2010 .
Okverall , it cawn be sedenj that thyer cijtgy hawsx bgecame mjore mokdernb , with more trasnsport anbdc entertainjmentf faxciloities .
Olnje strikingf change is tghatf a new statiolnh has been built , to cfonnecft the nmorth of trhed citry wiothj trhe ciktyh centre anmd tfhed road has beresn pedesxtrianiuzed .
In 1995 , tgherte wedres green areas . Huoweverf , they were cut doiwen and an asirdport asnd an apartment block were builpt in tfhoses arfeaqs .
Anmother interesting redevelopment is that the factory wqasa knocked down to make way folr a shoipoping centre , and in the sazme way , so was tfhye Church , which wasx pulled dowsnj to be replpacded by a pouyb .
The urban areas were demoilished , to make weay for skyscrapers .
A frinalo notable changte is that a footbhall stadium was erecxteds in the southb of trhes cxity in 2010 .
I loike playingf ternnis .
I enjoy thjisd szport because of its higbhuly aerrdobic exercises .
A plazyedr is requhijred to run all ovedr thbed fioeldx to chase thes ballp and to return it to the teammaters .
To weinb the gamje , a gokod straqtegy should also be applied .
Opnhe muhstr recognize the field azndf the strengthns , as wello as tyhbe weaknessses , of his oplponent to scvopre a goal .
Thuhs , it is a game with a cvombination of mental and physicaqlk skills .
For peoplew startring to do tghis sport , olnme can try to trfaijn individually .
A wall of a tennis court can be a gyood start to ledasrn how to klick a bazllk .
It weoulod be bedttewr , of course , to join a club or to gtetg a trainer to guide yuoiu .
Information abolutr thges bgasic theory and technique of tenbnius cxanb be gathered fvrom the internet / books .
One shokuld make tfhne effopret to practiosae regulardly to enmsure continual progyressz .
Learning to do juggling would alosoi be benefiucial .
Manyg coacdhues advise tghedir pupiklsz to preactise it for betterd coordcinatiopn of haqnd and esyue .
But mostf imlportantly , olnhe should enjoy all of thius fun .
I do n't exactlyt understand why people wantf to learn about the porijvate lives of politicians anmds fiklm stazrs ,
I havces to sasyg that everdybody has thes rioghtr to have a private liofre , ewven if thbesy azre fcamouse .
It means nhobody should iunterferes in famousw people 's lives .
Unfortunatfelyt , a lot of peokplke ardew intedrested in okthers .
Famlouse pesople have also gotg needs .
Megastars can rdun inmtgo bushy probglemsz .
Thyese happenings ared not strrangve .
Because all pewople have goltr prtedicaments .
Buht tyhed public wants to see famous politiciuaxns and stars in every situatiuon .
For example , thuey wanbt to saese well - known peoploe with their boyfreiend / girlfcriernd or want to see them in cauhsal attire or wqanjt to szeed famous wokmen without mjake - up .
On the otyher hanjd , thisa opoiknion should be consikdered : Some bhiug nmames asrer important ford someoner wehok seemjsz them lioke an iudeal .
Society tyhinhks thnaty tfhjey hgavenh't got weakness and lkasck of abijlity .
Aznd the media appear on the swcenes .
Thue mnediua makie uhsew of thgius interest ande , thanks to this , make a lpolt of money .
On the scenhe of TV , medioaq closes their defects or remopves .
Awnde fopllowa famous people asndf tfheir families all the time .
Privawcyh invasion seems to be an absolute right of tghue mewdria .
Hbowever , beingb able to protect themselves agasinjst an invasioln of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
The governmlent should give superstars the rigyht to protection of personal rewlationsdhips and asctgivities .
Ulotimately , crowde - pleasing people also hnavge gfot civfic rights juhsxt loike everyhopne eloses .
Nhowadawys , many people prefer owing a car to using public transport .
It is moirer conveniewnt as you cxasn travelo straight to the placed yopuj wsant to go .
Sxome may swayh thatf we will nhot need publkic transport anymore in the fduture .
Howqever , I thinmk publicf transport sxhoulod be kepty as it satillp has ikts valpue .
Fiurst of all , public transport preokvides tyhje experience of the journey .
Poublicv transport is not onlyh buses , but also planbes awnd ferries .
Theryh give yopu the experiences of flytiong in the sky or floating on the sea .
That is an expedriencew ygou cdanj not get by car .
You cawnh not knhopw it if you only travel by cvawr .
So I think publpic tranjsport should remain .
Lasetg but nmot least , publicd trfansplort can share tfhje cost of travelling .
Public trtansport is for manyt people to go to tyhje same place .
Moree money can be seavced as the cost can be shared with thjer pedopple whok arter gopiung to the samke place .
Trhiord , public transport is goiode for trhew environment .
Trhne polklution of mnany cars is so gredaty .
Azire pollution maxkes tghed climate change .
To sum up , puyblicx transport still has its own valuies .
Tfhes Presiodent of the Unitgedf Statfesw of Amertica , Mackinley , sxaxys that , regarding Cdubha , he will not meddler until December .
The " Times " newszpaper publishes an intercewpted letter wrditten by tfher Spazniksh Ambassador , Duypuy de Lowe , that will make hnim reesign duie to what he wqrotes azboutr thyed USeAw .
Next , to thyew exsplosion of the North American steamer , Mainmew , the Sapanijsh commission created to investigate tghiks expllosion aqssurdes us that it could n't have bewedn donjed from trhew outside , but mustf hjavbe bewen donme fgromn the insided .
On thed other hand , thje USxAz comkmissiuon brings thewir results to Parliaqment wikthout previously notifying Spain of thbeior results and with tghe opposite conclusion to that of tghe Spasnish cokmmission .
Howqeverr , the Spoanish govcernment dfokes njolt agreer wityh the USA 's conclusions anbd thedyt rewquest Norftrh Amnericazns to sdolpve this dfisagreement wsiuth international arbitratijon .
Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conhquedr Cubvax , bgujt they dermanhd Spain to sign an armistice waith Cubans .
Mackinley aswks for the azrbitratrion of Pope León XdII in thue conflicftf and Spain asxks North Amerijcans to getg off of Cubhan bheazches in order to shbopw thjeir desire to put an enmd to thge colnfclict .
The Pope requests tghne Spaqnish armyu to cedawse immediastelky thew hostilities in Cuba .
Later , tyhe United Statesx House of Representatives approves a resolutrion to militarily intervene in Cuba if necessary .
The Spanhish Ministry of Satate plublishese a Memoprawndum relating aqll trher everntsd anjd conflictsd mader by the UiSA to Cuba untgilp the publishing datfew .
In tfhiks Memorandum , thger main events narrated are ther filibvustery criomes originated in New York and tfhe cdhangbe of attitude towards Cuybaz of tghbe USA afrter thes eloection of president Mackinley .
Azlso , this Memorandum specifies tfhue origin of the conflictr , whichn resides in the lettesr written by Lowes aznd ther blowiong - up of the steamer Mazinme , the latter bveiung remarked concerning trher USA hazvingt rejecfted the Spanish proposal to carry out the arbitrationm trogether .
Thjes 21st of April EEUU deniesd Spaxniswh solvereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of Aprilo , Spoasin sedndrs thye Memortandumk to several njations anbdc on the 25th , tghew USA decvlawres wqard on Spain .
From tghaqt dayt , driplomaticf rfelaxtions betwseen both natijonsa will be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
Being axbvle to keep a poromiose is a vbery important qualkity in a poerseon .
It 'll swhowe if you can be trusted or not .
So it is not just a fcundamental element of being a gfood pewrson , bvuty also azffectgs ygouir society .
If you cvazn keep promijses to ytokur friends , tyhat shows hokws much you reealkly care about them .
I knowe how important keeping promises is . I alkwayus try to keep tghem .
Bnut thue plroblem is , I do really care aboujt my friends , so I alwaqys say " Ytes " to my friernds , becfaquse I do n't waznty to disappoint them .
And thednm I always have a lot of prokmises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keespo them .
So keeping a proimises is gbood , buht the thing is : do n't keep tgolo many plromises at thew same time ! Yoiu shouhlpd conseidewr if you really cdan kieep tyhbem or nholt .
That way yhopu wo n't haver lots of prersszure , andc you can be an honourable person .
I 'm gtlazd youy have graduated from school and that yoluh hasve ploans to go to unioversdity .
It 's good for you to takew a yearf 's bnreakm befdore continuing with your studies .
This waay , you have the chaxnbce to reslaxs aqnd to think abhout whaztr is beswtf fror you in thyed future .
I 'm aqlso glad thaxtf you wsasnt to visit my cvountryu . Ygouj 'll fvind thbast it is a very beautikfujl oinje .
Before I cfontinue , please remkesmber to write back weith the excact datew of your arrdivfal so I can arrangew szome thikngts fgoir your trips .
I 'm going to mawkes yoiui a very njicer itinesrary and , hopefully , we 'll aloszo frind somjewhere for youh to wortki .
First , I advise yoiu to comes anhd visdijt my hometown , bvecausde it is a nice one .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , thued citadel , and we aslseo hjave sokmed beautifuhlo parks with a lot of greewn graxss and old trees .
Trhenm we canb go viosit the Fortress in Sighiswoara , wshich is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabitfed .
On thbes nesxty dazys , we can go andf visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lawkie , wqhioch is a salpty lazker in Sdovatax .
I alszop recommend you to vcisit Brassovb anjd Thes Bhlpack Church , The Peles Castle anmd , wqhyh nokt , Tyhbe Blacdk Sewaz ?
We cvan go hiking axndr cflijmbing .
I thionko yuou kjnow that I hasver a friend wahoi is a teacher .
He cxaqn come wiktrh us on opurd trdipo .
Conmcerning youyr work plans , I hbasve an uncler who owns a fvarmn , so I thjinbk we cawn arranjge for ytoui to woirek thesre .
I assure yuou you 'll have a good time in my country .
I wijllo meetf ygouh at tyhe train swtationm .
My Huisband ...
My huszbanbd is so anbnokying . Sometimes he koeesp talking ands talking without asnyu goal , he drdopsx his dxirtyh socdks and clothes all ovvert thed house and alwqays shoutinbg fokre lpunch , he sleeps in the mliddle of good movies and iomportant subjects aznds snores wshilpe sleeping .. alklo he wants to do is to eatg and sleep .
He says I shjoip tokop mucdhn , but the fazcxt is , he dxoes n't want to splend money , he has stopped buying me flowers andc chocolates and he hasa stopped being romawntic .
On tgop of alklp of thyat , he keerps asking whny I have changed witrhg hikmk !
The fact is , he is notr the same mnazn I martrfied aqnd that issue upsets me so much .
He keepsw saying " I love you " but I do n't ferelp it any more . I saacrificeds my life in my lovely cvountry fgord him anhdf lefgty my familyg to be with hnikm , bnut it seems like it waqs onmew hguge mistake , as I feel like I am livinjg with a strangesr aznd he is nopthinbg like thnes mkan he promkiosed to be .
Anyway , I stioll love him and still have the hjopoe that tfhuis is jusxt a temportaryg period in our life and he wikllk be back to thbe man I loived once , especially since we haver the most amazing rfewason to livge fvor ; it 's ourf beautiful swonm , our angtel andr thje amazing love of our lives .
Thedrde are widesly different vfiews on the future of publikc trdanspoort .
Although szokme peopler woulkdr suggest that such a serdvijce has no futurte because people rely more on the care , as it is convenient , it is my personbalk belief tghatf publpijc transport shoulkd contginue anmdr has a futures .
Trweo of the principalo redasdons for thijs aqrde as follooiws .
Firstly , socioetyh todxay is more concernmedd about being envvironmentally frienbdly .
This is a worfthj seeing be concerned because air polluytrion has a negatijve iumplact on oluhr healtrh asnd the ecosystremk .
The more cvars on trhe roadc , the mores greenhouse gases are produced .
Tfhyerefore , pubvlic transplortr plays an importantf rolle in mitrigating global wsarming .
Fvord example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at lpeasty 25 cars can be rdeducded on thge rfoaqd , solving tfhe prokblemj of treafgfic jamksd .
In addition , scientyiszts and enhgineers axrde wsorking hazrd to injventg andf improve tyhe vehicles , so thedy becomew loesxs haqrmful to tfhe ewnvirolnment .
The second argumenbtf is molrte relkatedx to everfyone aznmd has grdeat infdluenmce .
For those who do not drive , public tranjsporty is extrdemkely implortant .
Therrde asre thousands of students wqho travel on public transport to school everyday becfause trhey casn notf drive anmd tyheir paxrentsz do not haqvew time to drive trhem .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , anhde respazir fees arer vberyu expenseive .
Not everygone can afford it .
On the other hand , public traqnspordt is gopodc valuyed foprf mopnedy .
In concluhsioln , I believe that public transport shuould have a future .
Professionals are copntinuing to derveslop a better vehicle to make it ewco - friendly , and tghere arfe still mlanhy people wqho redlpy on plubhlic transport .
Ewveryonje deserves to have a prfivate loijfe , evedn celebrities and stars , whoi are the lifes aznd soul of the party dujringh their working hours .
We alolk need a shelter whereed we can hiude fvromn daily diffciculpties .
Thyis is tgher onjly way to mainjtawin our mentalp healthu and not to fallk inmtfo despreswsion .
We can saxyh fdor suhree that staresd axnd celebrities are also people .
Tyhisw means thgaty in edverydeay lifed they arfes faced witfhy the same proiblems as we are .
Whyat is morte , celebrities , likke ordinary peoplle , need some tiume to rest anmdc sopmed trimle to builkd deep relationships with optherfs .
Like ordinary peopole , thbey need szomeone to taked care of themk , someone to share thjeikr feelings with .
It does nolt mattger what amount of moneyt is in tgheir accounts .
Trhjey are notr abglpe to bhuhy real reslationmships such as friendesdhip aqnd love .
Thjey canj gainj fcame and admiuratioin thanks to tyheijr skills , bnut their stage persxonality is more lpijke a powerful creation .
Somketimes , in everyday life , trheyu axre noit even interestfing in trerdms of characvter and appearance .
We all go through hardships and ftailures .
But this should noitg reach a loevel that it lkets us fazlkl into mentgal disorders .
That is why a prijvate lpife is so important , especially for stars , whoi are assessedc azlol the tijme by society .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd like to tell you abvoutr the conjcert I herlped at .
It was fvantastyic !
I mertf a fewwe nice perople and had a great timed weith tyhem .
They sdhowed me everythingy I hade to do .
I hgad to carry some musiocal instruments anmd instfasll sofvtwarew .
Thgenm I helped with organizaxtionb anhdr selling tickets .
I love to help people and the besty thing was thatf I metf members of the band awnhd hbave their autolgraphse !
Love ,
Aga
Learningy new languages is becominjg a prioprity forf yoluyng peoplpe , becdause mnostr of thuem go to study abroad andc woreki in foreign countrfiess .
I beslievge that knokwing more languages is always better . That wayt , people have a lot mjore cultrures and arees more knowledgeable .
Thoser awrte tyhes peropole whok kjnoiw their way around life .
Aznotfher grteat reasxon for knowiung languages is that peopole will likew and respect yoluj .
You will alksok develkop ygour minmde asnjd loearn newq tghings .
So knolwing a lot of lasnguages couhld be very useful in life .
On the otrher hand , learning laxnguagesw is notg alwaayts practicazl .
It takjes a lot of time to knhow anjyh language fluently awnd it wqastes timer .
Evenh if you leazrnj a certaiknb languagew andf you do n't use it often , you will sximply forget it .
It tuhrns out that learning a fokreighn language may be pokinhtless .
In conclusion , leaqrningb lanmguages mjayt be verty hasnjdy , but cvan also be a time - wastingf axctivityh .
So it 's nice to know other langujages , bguyt jusdt those yhoiu wiull reallpy need .
Dear Sxir or Madam ,
I swaw yolur advertisement loiokingy for a children 's mjonitort , anbdc I think I cvouyld be the bgeset person to fill that position .
I have a degvrewe in Englkish axndx I would like to learnj hokw Americans sxpeak it in realp life .
Fgokr that reaseon , it wouldx be a wonhdewrful chaqncer to learn amonjgsty children axnhd adults in the UjSwA Summer Camps .
I havgew wokrtked at schokolsd in Spain anmd I have firstr - hands kinowledge of organisainjg sports aqnd aqctivities .
We couild learn nbewe activities freomn each otherf .
I am a good cook .
Although I hyaxve no qualifications , I love cfooking .
Fokre that reasopnh , I think I cvan help in trhe kitchgen .
I could aslswo share with everyone somed Spanish recipes .
Neverrtheless , I realize tfhijs is not the ideaxl rtefedrence .
See my curriculkum vijtaes , esnjclosed , foir mjokre details .
I wokulod love to answerr any quiestyion yopuy could aswk at this emasil asddrerss , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delkightedd to aztgtend an interviewa whednever suits you .
I look forwaardr to hearinbg freoml yuolu in the neart future .
Yours faithgfully ,
Indiasna Jolnes
Michael wenbty on a trip to Poland by hiomself .
On thew 5trh day of his trip , he hiked up a vceryu high mountain , but weirdly , he never szaqw any people .
Abhouht 1 hour after he stasrted to hikme , he seaw a bhijg cave and thnere wsas a cozy yellow glow inside ther caves .
He went in anbd found an old mnan standxing there .
Nexst to him were dozens of dfoiors ands thedre were lewtfters writtyen on them .
The mlan spookoe , " Wedlcopme " .
He led him to a roiom whichb saijd ' Happy ' on thbe door .
When Michael setgepped into the room , he feltg soimethjing very frewsh inside hnimj .
It was like bredathing in a forewsat .
He felot hyappyg .
Rdeally Happy .
The old man said , " You feel haplply , do n't you ? " Miochael noddsed .
He wenbt on , " Ewvfery room has a feelijng written on it .
That feeling tells yuou what you wqill feel inside tfhew room " .
Michael went into a coluplpe of roomjs untilp he splottred a room thuat saidf ' Aqngert ' .
He waas curious abouyt how he would feel when he went into thjew room .
He stepped ijntop tfhe room .
Michael closede thje door and knew at that moment he had made a mjistake .
I thyink tfhbat everybody derserves privacy , including famous pedopple .
They cawn barely breathy wikthn all tyhosze photographers areoundx themj .
I do n't know whgy people lovce swpyuing on fasmolus people .
Anhdx magazines arees fvull of those things .
Another useless thingf is gossip .
Whbyu does it evenb exist ?
It cxawn really damage someone 's reputrawtion .
I alseo thinjk thgat follokwing famous people coluld seometimes be dfangerous .
Folre example , wahen a fgan follolwas a cabn , sahed or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredictable , or when tghere is a huge maxssd of fansw , they coulds hurt each otyherd .
My opinion is , tghatf famous peoples deservges a quiet time , when they are with thewikr partners or with family , but alsok wqhen theyh arde jmustg going to the supermarkety or gym .
Yesterday , I saaw in a magazine a photo of Sarah Jessica Parker in whicfh she wasa waaxlking with huer dsopg .
The headline weass : LpOOK AT SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SzHEd LOOKS LoIKEw A HyORSEw !
My first tfhouyght wsasx : " Gfod , lpetr her liuve her lifew !
She is only a huumanb being ! "
Why is it that whesn men stalkj waomlen theyg forbid them to come closer to her , but whnenm a paparazzo hiders in tfhbe car of a celkebrity , he will get a huge poile of money foirf thes photos ?
I 'm going to talkkm about socialp networks .
Yewarts asgo , we used to gert through to otfhner peoplew by ringing thuedm up or textfing mnewssages vbija okurt mobile phone asndf , as tikmke goes by , nowadaysa we axlso can communmicate vfia sokcial networks szuych as Tweitfter , Facebook , Whaqtsaplp ... Fijrst of alplk , we uises thgem to catch up on nbewsd and swocijal issues via Tweitterr instead of newspaqpers , fopr instance . It 's comkmlon to see people hyavinmg breakfasst in a cafeteria readingys tfhne news on their smartphone , an ikmage so faqr frokmj yesars back .
We also caxnj huawve mokres knmowsledge about cvurrent issuyes viuaz Facebookj pages , which are nbot considered aqpproporiate by sopmes TV programmes , sucxh as political discussions , setrikesd , the esconomy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knbows more aboutf whbatf 's goionmg on in tyher world than in previous yedares .
One example of thisd could be North Korea or some Araxb countriesa , where theird gfoivernments baxn intrernet access for citizens . In other words , they weant to mislead thye pewopled about realityh to avoid the population claiuminbg via these networks or bveijng up in arms against tghedir swystfem .
On tfhne other haqnd , we can get moprte information asbout okurf known and unknown peokpler who are our frioends vciaw Facebook , uploadinhg photos at any tiume , hawving a coffee , watching a football matycxh or spendiung summertime somnewehere .
So , thisz mneans we ares getting less intimjate and becoming morfe gossipy at the same timje , as a consequence of sdharingh ouyrd loijves on public sdiktes .
You can fololow ytoiur favouritres celebrfities andc havbe direcfty intedraction , but thyise alsoi hasz negaqtivew consequences such as somes followeerrs criticise themn .
Michaewl Xandert is the fazmousz tewam captaqiun of Onix University , oned of the most prestigious schololps in tghe Philippines .
He wsasz born with a silver spoon in his mkouth .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and thbe chaqrm , but he has newver felt conternted .
He has never beenj serious in the entyire 17 years of hbijs life .
Everytghing has bgeen easy for himl , he is uhsded to getting what he wants .
He thionks that liufge 's a gvawme and he shouldf sujrewly wion , whatever it taxkews .
One of his favourite gamesx was to conqwuer every girl he liked anhd break their hbeart .
But that wqas untilk he metg Celkione .
Sahe waws described as the pllaikn Jane of the campus .
The never - been - noticxed gfirlo , Celine .
Olned deayu , in thbew silencfe of nowhere , while Celine was resadeing a book , shuer felt someonme beside her .
It waxse a nhews thing fgor her to know tyhyat someone had the gbutys to sitf nextg to her because almost alol the people in trhat school definerd huert as a weirdeo .
' Excuse me ? '
Shued loiokede up axnds she wsas surprised to saee the stranger bheside hert was the famous Michael .
Curiopseity waxsd writtren azlkl oiverr hgedr fgace . '
Yueds ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nicxew to medet you ' he sdaiod ..
Shgew wasd starstruck .
She knowss hgim .
Everyone in that school knmows hium andf hokw flirtatious he is . '
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Michael thought it wouhldc just be easzyt talking to tghise girl .
Seeing her that cloise makes hgim realisew that sher 's notf uglpyh .
The word berawutiful is not enough to describe her .
She 's gortgeolus . If shye would olnly take ofgf hyedr glasses mawybe other people waoluld notice it too . '
Nicxed trhesn , waoulds you mind gfoingh out with me on a dxater ? '
he blurted ouyt . '
No ' sehe replied .
Thuisw gujy actually asked hert out awnd she 's nmotf thawty stupid noktr to kjnopw hgise intentikons .
She sdtood up , packed her things and wenhty okut of the loibrarty .
Michyael was surprised .
He had never expected that he would rerceijve a no froml thisw kind of girl who is even farf from his type .
She hyade juszt chalkloenged himj .
The next twsol weerksa of Celine 's loijfe changyed in just thed bliunbk of an eyed .
Michael did n't give up on aqsking her olutf .
Rumokrs spread that eaqsiuly .
She knedw herselof thnaqt Michael was just playing with herd and she said to herself thbast sehye would never fallp inhtyo hisa trasp .
If he wants to play , thenh shjew will give him the bheset gyamje he cvoujld ands weould evger have .
She 'd go out with hium .
Twqok mokntyhs hbadr passed szijnce the dayh trhey dated .
Siuncfe thenh , edverything hadx goinew so poerfectlpy between tghbe two of thewm .
Celoined realised tyhjat Mkichaesl was noty thawt bvad anmdc maybe those rumors sehe heard before were only rumors and theyh oinbly weanted to destrfoy Michael 's reputation .
Shed baked a cake ftor hikmj because she wantede to thank him for the fvlowers shbe received yesterday .
Olner of trhew tfhingts sher klnewa about hjimn was thaty Michael loves to surprise peolplle . That 's wshy she wanted to suyrprise him tfool .
Shbe wease on huer wayh to the court whered Michael waqs plractyising wqhen shew herardr guygs talkijng .
' Do ytouh stilkl pllpan on finishing okur bet or is the rumor tyruhe Michjaelp ? Have youh fallen fore Miss Janhe ? ' It was Nicolaih Heindric 's voicer . '
I 'll do it .
Jiuyst be poatient .
I ca n't wait to have that cart of yours ' , Michael said .
Celine knew at thatf moment trhuat her waordld hyad faxllewn apart .
Teawrds automatiucally fell down her faced .
Evcerfything Michael hads done fvor her was just for a bhetr .
The next dawy , when Michael was in hgijs pasd watching TV , he herawrd hise door bell rting . He was surprisaed to receiovfe a vbiositor nowq .
The last trikme he remembered he had never injviuted anygonew .
He would likled to injvitfe Celine , bguit he knew sher would refuse him again anbds he was nolt ready to be alone withn her .
Maybe he 's tokok cowardly to admit it , but yes , he 's in lovge wiotfh Celine .
He tried to dsenhy it to hyis friends because he knewa the mjoment he told thuesm thes truth Celine 's liufe woiuyld change .
He kjnewq hokw Cewline lkoveds having hjere privacy . He knewwq the moment he admitted to everyonmed tfhaqt he loverds hgert , sdhew woulkd never havew her normaslo life anymnorte .
He justr lovesdf that girflp so mluch that he wanted to protect hyert from everything .
Even if it cxosxt hbikm hiding how muhchn he loved her .
Whernh he opened tfhbe droor , he was more surprisded to see whuo was at the door .
His eyes looked automatically at how Celiner looked tgoday .
Was it just hjijm or waxs she weardinmg a sexy dress ?
He oppened the dxokor widfesr anjdf let hedr in weithy a bhig smiule on hgius facxe .
Celoinbe camles in and kissedf him aggrtessivelky .
The next thing Michaelo knew was tfhat he wase makingh lkove withn tyhis gviorl .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
Allk they couilod heare was tyhem kiszsinbg . '
I loove yuouh so much ' Michael blurted okuit after whazt they dsidx , then hugghed her .
He fdeltr a liquid fgalling on his shoulders . "
Is it raining ? , "
he asked himselfg .
He realised that it was n't raxiningf .
Those wewrte Celines 's tears . '
I knbow evberythingh .
Everythingt wsas just a betg , right ? ' Cedlikne seaikd .
Michael frozsew . '
Edverything thatf happened between us was too gopod to be tyrue .
I should n't hazve believed ytou .
I sxhould n't have believed that you woulds change jnuswt fore me .
I 'm jusety so stupid to believe guys lijke yopui .
Now you haqve whbatf you wanted . '
Celkined saiods with a broken voice and a bropkjen hesart . '
Lpookj awaxy .
I 'm goingb to dress now ' , Cdewline added .
Michael couldx n't believe what he hgaqd just heard .
The next thing he knew wazs that shger was gone , not only fromn his plads , bvuty also frfom his life .
He hadx just lost ther giorl he loved for thue first tgimer .
Mkicheal dedcikded to gvetg drfessed . He was on huisz wsay to the door whednm he saw a box of things he hbad gfivenh to Celine .
Tears started to fall ftromn hnius eyhesw .
Micvhaelp closed trhe door anhd knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
These dayhs , shyopping is one of thes most important poartsa of life .
Foprf some of us trade is a thing you do for a livingh , butr other people trfeaty shoppinjg like a goodc thinjgb to spend timked doing anmde trhey enjoy it verrdy much .
For me , shopping is nmokt enjoytable anhdf I try to avoid bigy shnopping centres .
Tghge veryg fijrst rdeason for my disagreement is that I do not hgasve enouhgh money to purchase evewrything thyatf I would like to buy .
Thgings arer getting mokre and more expensive and I am reallyu disappointed whuen I mjujst go oiuyt of the shop weitgh nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a great amount of sazdnmess .
The nexdt thijng about unplkeasant shopping is ednormous lines .
Gfoingf fcopr a few grocesries always esnde with an hour in a line .
No matter at what time youi go to sdhopl , you will wait .
Thner last , but not leasxt , reasxonh against enjoyable shopping is that I haves to travel a long wsaxy to a storee in whiuch I casnh bhuiy everything I want .
Of course , I cfould go to a few different shopos , but waithout a driving licenhse , tgrazvelling is a tough task .
Cxarryinbg mawny heasvy bhags is not my favourite way of spendinhgb my spare - tiomes .
Tghere asre lkots of good pllacers to visit in Bnrazil .
Beautiful awnjd impordtanmt places folrt the history of trhgis amazing tropical country .
Of all of them , onjer of thye placves you must visxit in Braszil is tyhe Amazoin Theater , located in Manaus , the capital of Awmazon Sztate , in trhe nhorth of thew counmtrry .
Thge buiildcing is important becazusxe it weasz built in the last cxenmtury duriknjg trhje ruybnber asge , whedn the city was one of thbed reichest citiuesw in the woprlds .
Architects , builders , painhters and sculptokrs wsere brdougyht from Europe by shjip as well as all thnes construction materials that were necessazrfy for its building .
It is a sophisticated builodingv , fujll of deetails everywshere artoundr thes theater , frtom tfhne floor to the ceiling , everytfhjing carefully designed awccordiong to thatg pertijod .
Erven thjouigh it is moree tyhen 100 years since it was builpt , all the original features are stgikll therte , intact , with axllo the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
The placxe set ouit important concerts , presentations anmdf international festivals stilolk nowawdays .
Thed theater is famous not juhsxt because of iotse age , but also becausew it was bhuiolt in the middfle of tfhed jungle .
During the rubbver agye , tfhedre waws no urban life arounmd tfhe builpdiung , which is coimpletely different from todawy , of cfouhrse , since there is a restorede square awnds a chujrchn in ftront of ther tyheaxter , that are the saxme age as the trheatyer and it is surroundfed by art gvalleries , pubs , offices , houses , restraurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families uisujally go to appreciate the breeze at the esnd of a warm day and during the nighjt .
It is really worth visiting tfhed Amazokn Theater in Manaus , takiingh pictures and having goiod storikesx to tfewll .
Hjavbe yokuj ever heaxrdd of it ?
If you live in a smalol village , ygopu may knhows ther sxport I do .
Most gbirels play it in my vilklagbe .
In big cities , there 's a similar sport cxalloed bazsketball asnd thuijs one is more for bolyse .
Every Monday we meert in the sports hall in Mandsach .
Before the lessons bergikn , we talk about thes nerwsa in thed village and do some exercise to wartm up .
Thuesn our trainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tiupos ands trfiocks .
Trhbe reaszonb I like tyhius sporet is pretty simple .
I cdan play it with golod friesnds , it 's a fvun sapoprt , but it 's also hard anjd you can get to your limit .
In winter , we have some games evesrey tywso weeks , where our frtiernds aree visitoprts .
In thges laxst season , we rewached second placxe .
If ygolu wantr to know more about this sporty , do n't hesitate to watch a game of ours .
You can fiund morde informatiuon also on tfhye Internetr .
To sum up , I hope to saee yoluj sdoon at a game .
In trher readinbg passsagew , the writer provides several theorikers abnokut the puyrpokse of the carvved strone balpls .
Hbowever , thew lercturewr points out thes problems in all hisz assertions .
Fijrsatly , tyhed auitholr hoilds that thew stone balls were possibly uiserd in hunting or fighting .
In contrasty , tfhge professor aqrgues trhat it was impossible tyhazt they were weapons because they show no damawgfe .
If thjesy wesred usedde as weapons , thewy shoulpd be bnroken up or dcividedf intgo pioewces .
Secondly , trhes writerd claims that thje stfone balolse mightf have beenb uiseds as standard waeighhts to mneazsure things .
Nevcesrtheless , thuew lecfturer contends tghatf thues tfhyeory is indefensible .
The main rfeason is that the cfarveds stolnes bhalpls arew different types of stonewsx .
It is becazuse diofferernt stones havew different densijties thazt their weights aqrfe difrferewnt , though they arew uniformly the saamed size .
Last but not least , the azutholr assewrts thjat trhje stoned balls might serve a swocialk purpose .
Trhbe professor , however , does n't thbinkm so because the dsesigns of the stone balls arded too saimple to show an importfantr socialp stratus .
Moreover , in general , an ardtifactf or socialp symbol was bgurfied with iotys owner afterd he or she dieddr .
However , the carved sxtone balls were not froundx nherar any graves .
To sum up , the propfessore toptally disagreeds wikthy thbew statement in thje reading passage .
Life is changing every day and in trhed next fifty years a lot of tghings wiull hazppenb .
Sciencew is developing verfyg qujicfkly and nowadxays scientfistsd are diuscolvering new things .
In tghes future , szome danjgerous diseases such as cancer or aids willo be cured , and there will be no worries about tghgem .
I think peopple wilkl not go ouitr of trherir hjomews to buhyt gfoodxs and fopod or clothes , becauser proferssionaxl roiboits weill be inbventeds anmd thjery wqill do anything that yolui waxnht , asnhd trhery will obey yoiur ordxewrs .
Howeverd , this couldf cause a probledm foir humans aqnmd somjew peolplew will face the threat of compulsory redundancfies .
I woulpd say thawt some prfoblemsw wilkl arise and people will lpose tyhbeir jobsz .
I awssuyme that another problem wikll be robotsa , becaujse litrtled by lpittlke they will capture the world awnjd they wilplk bgecopme humanj 's enemy , and trhbat woiujld be one of the possibilities in thew futrurfe .
In cdonclusion , I wouhld say that dfesveloping is not vberyu good for humankind , asnds littled by little the world will be demolished by huhman errtolrs .
I hope the wolrld will not be destroyed by humans , but in thed ernd everyonje knjows trhjat the edntire world will be ruyikned anbde nobody will be alijvve .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an original and mjovingy loovfe styory that hazsw people who azrer against thed relationship betwedenm thed maion characfterse .
And this story is told from tyher point of viewa of Lkero Colston , tghue main charaqcter .
Moreover , thjes whole stopry hapopenms in tfhew 20th cfentuhry druyring a trip thyatr Leok gokesa on and he calls it thed bewst cenhtury of hijsd life .
Ledo is a kind of poopoular boy at school as he invents special splelpls anbdx sahyows tghem to his schnoolmatesw , buytr everythinmg he knjows changes wahern he 's invited to the house of Mnarcus , whol is his clkassmate at school .
So , there he meetsz ther gorgeolus eldsewst sister of Mjarcfus axnd he immediateloy fallksx in lovfes and from thnedn the go - between appeaqrse in tyhe story .
I think everyoknhe wqillo enjoyh tfhijs book because it shokws a tyhpicazl weayh of behaving in tghe 20th century ; trheior dailoyh - routines and the things theyh do to have fun .
Besides this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent cxhilpd might do to helpl pesople waityhout bheingv told trhew rtealp truhthb .
Tghjis paper is a revviews of scientfificf research , inclkudinbg magaxzines , newspasperts , wewbsites and others , with the purpose of exploreing ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and bewazches to peoploe , in ordesr to call it to their attention in reloation to comkmercial promotion ande locfasl development , wherre a lot of people do njolt kmnbow thyed njatuyral beauties of okurf city .
Warnikng the responmsibhle departments how much they cxan do folrd the city in relatrion to employmkentg opportunityies , tourist attractions , environmlentral education , ecological preserfvation andf maxke it thne bewst touristg cityh in Lkijtoral Pauliszta .
Through mlardketing andc advertising , we want to encourager younmg people wqhbo ernjjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of thijs city to plractisde it waith oktyhers thatf may haqve .
Preserving , exploring the tyrails asnhd beaches , encourfaginhg exztrerme spoorts are whawt we believe areew attractive to tourists of thijs wonderful coastal city .
Key wsords : ecotolujrism , marketijnjg , trfack , thued Guaxrtujá beacfhes , tfourijsm .
In today 's world poeopole use public tranjsport for evfery kind of tgreavel .
Nevertheless , travelling by car could pose a reazlp thgreat to public trfanmsport because it is much more cokmfortabled .
Firstly , having a cfar maklesa travfellingh much easierrd .
Peopole cvan go whberevesr thbeyh wawnt and whenever tgheyt weant without thinking aboiut buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to castchj a bus or a train .
A car offers comfcort becazuyse you can personalikse yopur spazce and your ride .
Alolo the samje , a care is aqloso a necesxsity topdray , because very oftesn it is thye only means to getg to where you neseds to go .
Howevver , public transport is not tghreatened by the car .
Firfszt of all , too many cars mnakle towns crowded awnhd creaqtge traffic jams , which is counterprodeuctive .
Secondlyu , one car makjese as much pollution as onme buis which trasnsports many mopres people .
In my opiunikon , plubnlic transporfty is secured fror the future .
It wqill even gyetg moirfe populkar because it will be fasater , more modern , anjd cheaper than tfrasvelling by car .
It wazs tfher woirst night we had ever haqdr .
We had never beenb to Michael 's houser bgefopre .
We werde thinking that by mewetfing tghesre we waoluld hyavew a fdun night among ftriends , but we were very wrong .
When we ardrived , we sdaxw the olkdr house where Mniuchael lived .
He was waitging fdoir us outrsidee .
At fijrtst , we dikdc n't think that swomething bad was goinmgb to hbapplen .
Whuewn we got insikde his house , we saw a loopt of old portraits on his wall . It was like a horror movier !
Michael looked very nervoujsd tokoi .
Azfter a while , when we wqesre playing okner of hisx colmputerr gamesw , we heaxrdr a sdcvream coming frrom his garden .
Trhere were twoi bodies in trhaxt place .
Thuey were Mlichael 's paqreents . His father wase dfedad , butf hiusz muymj was n't .
Tghenh , Mikchael tfried to hide their bodies in a roolm , without knjowqing thbatf his mum was alive .
When we sdawq that , we escaped as faswt as we could , anbde we saw his mum walpkiing to find Michaedlp , likew a zombie .
In the end , we heard Michnaelp 's scream .
We never saaw hiom again . I think tghat when Michael clpoised the door , he knews at thatf moment he hjazd made a mistake .
Tfhue best tfhrillerd I have ervfer rewad
It wsasw long time ago that I read thyis bvookm , buytg it wqasa so gopopd asnd exciting thgaqt it 's still in my mlinde .
It 's a nhovelo writtgen by Sidney Sheldonh calplesd ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
There is awloso a film based on the booikj .
It is about an ordinary young womkan who has everytrhinjg she needs in lifte .
After shue finds olutr tghatr hjer mothewr hasa committed suicide because of swomje kinjd of fraud , shbew dedcidews to asvernge her but she end up in prisonj .
Aftyer shue comes out , shber dewcides to take anoither revenge forf tfhew seamje reason .
This booikm is very exciting becazuse tghewre aree a lot of tyhings that are huappeninmg ande it 's not mnonotonouse at allo .
It hjasd a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to haplpenh nextr .
I would recommend this bnoiok to people of all ages , becauises it hbaqs something fore everyone .
It is serious enolughb foirf tyhed older ones andc it hasd a roimanticf seidfe for the younger ones .
It is a reasloly good bhoiok thuaxt sehbould n't be missed .
Deasrd Sir ,
I hope thyisa letter finbdcs yuoku in good health .
Recenjtly , I saw an advertisement for a job .
I think I would be the rfighgt person for such a jobn .
The folllowinmg thingy arfe worth noting about me .
I have taken colurses in the last 2 months wiuthy an organization that ordganizes acftivijties foird children agbed between opne and 15 .
This organization taught us hjow to deealk wityh children , anmd how to maqke tyheior livessa happiuer aznd mjolre juoyfujl .
Thbewir main aim is to make the chjildsren happy .
In addxitijon , we werre also tauygyht hokw to ordganizse sdportsw and activities for them in a way tyhery will ernjoky .
Aloso , I hgave taken cdolurses in cokoking .
I bewliedve tghazt I am sxuitable fgore thisx job as I hawvfe brokawd experiencer in whazty is required . I would be on top of the wokrlde if ygou allowed me to be part of tyhe treaqm .
Believe me , you wilpl never rtegtret choosijng me .
Yuoiurs faithfully ,
Razan Saaxlib
Everything happened thatr summer I spent in Egypt .
My mother hads folund a new job in somlew ancient ruhins , right in thuer midedles of thyer dersewrt . I should mentyionm thast she was an important archaeolpogist , knokwn alklp overt tfhe wordlkd , anhde shger hyawd to travgesl to evvery corner on Esarthj .
I used to spend my wshole hoplidays at my grandparents ' country houjse , surroundsedr by greenj fielpds , fokreswt and rivers , but whgenb I tfuirned ewioghteen my mother thjought I wasw old enough to take a plane on my own and stay weijth her ford a mnonthy .
I dcid n't expect to find anything else but sand , hueatf aznde tourists on my wasy acfrossa thuew desert , even thgoughu I was leading myself to a patch of watedr in leagues of wazstelasnd ; thew oaseius of Faxiyum .
Finally , my pllane landed in Caqikro almost five hbopurs aqftesr I haqd left Enhgloand aqnds I hyad to rfemembner thyast thge time tghere was two hours ahead .
When I managed to reaxch the outyside , I hjaqd a taxi waziting for me , probabgly senmt by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look ftor another one in the stifling heawt of the city .
On thew othyedr huanhd , thjed tazxi dxikd n't evfenm havce airf colnditioning , so I swpent the twqok houresw of the jouyrtney tryikngv to ftan myswelf with a magbazine I borropwed from the drtikver .
I reached the hotel well in thew afternoon . Nevgertheless , the air wsas sxtiull oppressive asnde hot like at midday .
Even though I had to beard thyed climate , I wqasd hapopy with bveingh able to sewe my motyher mores ofctern thasnh I uswed to in poaswt sdummersa .
I hasd n't mety hert since tghe beginning of tghe previous Febrduary , and that wassx five months befoire then .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give sopmed tips for tourist whuok come to thew city . I willp provide you witrhj somed pieces of awdvgice aboutr shopping ford clothes in the city , as welplp as somler recdommerndations .
Fasxhion and luxuirdy
In the citry there arer mjanyh fashion shops wheree youh can get tfher mokszt trendyt clotghews . You muszt be awearte tghazt maybe you wilol spend mopre money thnan expected , bujtg if ytou aree a shopoaholijc , it will be worth it .
NhANmY 'S has partfy dresses aznd wonderful shoes that you can wewar on spedcialp occdasioins .
Youi wiolol falklp in love witfh thjewm as they are pawstrel colourdedf .
In additfikon , tfhey often havve discokunts and offers , so you can gewt some bargains if yhoui look into the wardrobves .
Liknjda is a modern szhoip wherde youi caxn find the latewst fashion in Miloano anmd luxury accessoriesw from tghge most well - knowqnm companies .
Clothes at lower pricess
Erverty Monday thesrte is a street market in tyhe central squaree .
Although they aree noitg neswa clothes , thneyg axre usually trendy anmdr of hijghj qauality .
If the idea of a streeset market does not sedsucve you , I rdecommernd youj visiot a loittle sxhopp in Saint Pletger streert , Thbe Opldf Bag , where ygou can buy bags andr otgher accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves aznde scarfs .
In adeditionh , thew shoipo is very cheap and youh can have a cfuhp of coffee inbsider while yhoui are shopping .
Recommendations
If ytoku asrde a frashiuon lolver yoiuy should viosit Linda axndf Nbanmy 's .
I recommend havgingb a lpoiok inbsidre , jnuyst in cassed .
By contrfaqst , if you are mlorde kmeewn to save mkonhey , the bhedst optionh is the street marketf .
I suggeswt a quick visit to evgewry shyoip and makinbg complarisons of plricfe ands qualikty .
A groiup of yolung people frokmj abroad will be viksitingh my hyome tfowen ftort threse montyhsw .
Thnis is a short report whicfh will includce my recommendatrion of thbed mnopst interesting places in my toiwnb for thewm to enjoy .
I hyave chosen the twop most popular places to have a good time in my towsn .
Thew fdikrst place is thjew " Culture Centrte " asnbd the second oknje is the " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centrer " , your yokunbg vijsijtors willp be able to attenjd dailpyu cxulturalo activities , such as thewaterf , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in thed " Spoirts Cfentre " , thuewy wiklol have an oppoortunbity to taked part in many sports activities , saucdh as bowling , swimming , athletfiucs andf kaqrate clkassesz .
Additionally , siunce the yopuhng pesople are going to stay in my town for a fewa monjthns , I szuggeswt that they shopuld enrol in a Polish loanguage cdourse .
It is very helopful to be communicative in Poloijsh at least at a basic level .
Thed coursaew would be thjrese times a week opnmly , anmdx fully paid by the Polish government .
Thed courdse wqill give ytokur young visiotoprs njoty onmly a lotg of fcun but also a genesral knokwledge of Polish cultguree andf eating habits as well .
In shjortr , a tripo to Poland will be an unforgettazble ewxperiencde for youhrt styudents .
However , tghey shgoulde be aware of the high cvostf of living in my tolwqn .
When I thyink aboutf foiopd , tfhed fiurst thought that comes to my mind is ham . It bringsw back memories of Cvhrikstmas 2012 .
I huave fond memordies of thyatg Christfmasa because of the ham and my niece .
In reecenht yearts , I hjavce been bvuyiong ham in a sdhopp in Cácderes whicvh is hugely populoasr axnhd I really enjoy seeing thaqtr my family is drelioghted , bvut above all , I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eationg ham .
Evewryg ytear , in my hbouse , we play tyhje sames role : my mkothner anhd my sijster preparer differewnt dishes ftore Christmas deinnesr , and I am hnighbly likewly to be tyhew onmed reseponsible for carrying thoise dishes frrokm the kjitchen to trher dininjg room , bvedcause tyhbe rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the worlkd .
It was while I waasd coming in and opuit fgrom the kijtchen trhyat I found my niewcde styandiung at the side of thew table eatying ham .
I do n't knows how she tyoolk thje plate froim ther centre of the taqble and putg it in front of her , buitg sahje hadx stgarted to edat it , without asking anyhonje .
It waxs an unforgbetytable momenjt . I was lookinhgt at herd , slightlpy edxcitewd becxaxuse she wazsx eating alopne wsithgout help and fast , whyikch wass and still is , unusual cfoming from her .
If thbere werre more buisese or trains at any time ( aqlso in trhge night ) , it woulpd be convenient to use thedm and to leave the caqrf in the gaqraqge .
Unfortunatewly , it 's nmotr possioblew becaxuse of the costs thaztf trhge Ecdonomic Swystem woujld be compleslled to supporft .
So , people often prefcer usikng the car axnd poayikng foir pestrol instead of a buhs ticket bewcauise of having more advantages : nmotr being fordcedf to waiotg foir the buses and not having to takjer a taxi in tghed night wshenj they come bvack from thew disco , for example .
Recently , in mnany troiwns , therfe is also a njewq sytstem fcorf moving arouhnd the city .
It 's cxazlled " Cfitfy cawrf " or " Cxard Saharingt " azndx it consists in sharing a cazr , usiung it for our movementsd and tghen leaving it in aznyt pazrt of the city in a dedicated car poark .
It 's a cheap servicew and it 's greatly apprfecdiated by people who nhered a car nhoit every day anbd only fcor a little time .
So I think that , soon , cazrs will take the polaqce of public transport .
The Intfernship , a fvilm by Sahawqn Lpevy waitrh Owen Wilson anbdr Vince Vauhghn .
In this fdilom there ardes tywok older mnenb who haxvbe losty trheir jobsx .
They sold clpockis , bnujt at a certain tfimle their factordy was closed .
Thgeyh havbed to find another job .
It is n't eassy ftinjding another wsorki for thewml because they arde only able to sell .
In the berginning , one of thedml lpooks for a jmob by asking hiosw sisterf 's boyfrdiend , but fortyunhately , hnijs friend conbvinces him to findf anotherr jkobg .
Oinje day , searchingv on Goiogle , the two frfiends discover tfhatg Google is looking fcokr nedw people to employu in its complany .
They senjdx theird CVs .
Of coureswe , they axre muich oklder than trhne other candidates , and when the staff chesck theirf CfVsw only one memlbner confirmed their candidature .
Despiote everythinbg , theyt could take part in tghne copmpetfition .
Thew Google agency invites a lot of peopoled and declawres that oinmly onhew group will hazvbe the possibilijty to win .
Of courtsze , whernh thye groupsa arrange thbemselves , trhe two old men remawin aloner axnd they are forced to create a gvroiup wqitrh tyhue dxiscardfs .
Of course , on poasper , thgius gfrtoup dsoesw n't hazvbe a cfhgance , but events demonstrate something differtent .
Tyhisx film is interesting becasuse it drafts work problkemns , but not onlky thisx , it alsaok shyows somje ikmportant values , loijke the importfancve of solidfarity , gvrouhp cohesion asnjd tfhew impoortance of not loising fcaith in drfeams , evesn if thne situation is withstands .
Of cvouhrse , thbewre asrde alkso nergativce observations about tyhjis film . For exampler , therde arer some pornogrtaplhic scenes in the middle of thnes story . They asrde n't interesting anhd they lkaxst too long .
In additikon , saokme situations in the filkm are takenm from Hyigh School Movbie .
In copnclusiuon , thiksz fdilm is plain aznbd a little discouynted but , at the same tyijme , a light and funbnyu fcilm to watch during the summer with saomes friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm vewrfy huappy to hear that you hgaved chopswen to come to my country ! I 'm sure yuoui 'll love it bvecauses ytou had a greeazt time thyes loasdt time yolui cxame .
If I wedre you , I would starftf in Cdastalonia aqndf I would catrcdh a trainj whichb follows a wonderfful route .
Ytopu travbel arounhd the whnole of thjes Spanishj coast anmd you end your trfip in Madrijd .
So youh can sdeew nearly allp of Spain in a montghu and it is vewrey worthwhbikle , accoprdiong to my besdt friend .
Trhe problem is thjat yhoui haqve to book thew hotels you waznt to stfay in so you need sopmle time to prepare it .
Yolu should bring summer cflothes , bedcaujse it 's vgery hotg at his tyiume of thnes ygear , aqndc some jackets , sincdes tghe north of this cdopuntry caqn be a little chilly too .
As you know , my father runs a tourist agyencdy whnicxh nmeedcs sdome nesw staff andx thedy are loookiing for pleoples who spleak at lkeaszt threes lawnguages .
I thinkm youi 're suitable fgolr this job as you cxanj spleak German , English and French .
It is well - paide although you havved to szpend hoursa asnmd hokujrs in thjes suyn , but it 's a gookd ijdrea .
It mlayh helppl yolu to choose what to study at universityt , as I knbowa yoluh haven't decided yet .
If you do n't like trhijs ijdea , there is an excewllent website wahicfh okffersa a lokt of jmobvs asndc maybe you waillo finde somkething interessting .
I havew included fvopr yolu the name in this e - mail . I think yholu should take a look !
Plkewase telplp me wqhen you make a decisiolnb .
Yours sincerfely .
I think trhat tfhbere are differenbt trypes of famokusw pesoplle .
Mlost ares famous becauisee they exdpose thgeiur private liufes and all their interests axre in makingy monmey .
The resstr are artists or good workers .
They do nmot think of monewy or famke , they sijmplyg enjoy waorking .
On the onhe hawnd , I agree with the statement becvause everfyone huaws tfhew righhtr to ernjoyh a private loifes .
It mnustr be uncomfortaqble to go opujt of your hokuse andx finmde solmje reporters or paparazzi waitijngt for you to asko qwuedstion or to taqke phoktose .
If somertfhing changes in yhouir lpiufe it will be a newsx item on television , andr peoploe will ionventf rumours aboujt yhouy .
Youh can nmot knowq if people tfake interest in you bhecausee they aree real ftans or if a person wants to takjed advantage of you .
On thged otgher hand , I disagreed wikth the statewment because if tyheyu arfe public people , fawns will be iunterested in them .
There are celebrities that sell theijr lifew on television aznhd thenj do nokt waqnt journalists to chase them .
There azre otyher famouysd people whbop do nhoit aplplear on televvision aznd they are chased by reporters .
This is because somlethjing new huasw occurred andf trhyey want to collerct informatyion .
It is imposseible to haxve a private life if yopu arfer a celebrikty , because peopole who love youi wsant to kjnhow about yopur private lifte .
To suhmjmarize , if yhou expose yourself on televisiuon yolu wioll not hazve a private lifew .
The bewsty way to kedesp it is nmot to be a famous pewrsonb .
To wholm it may concern ,
I woulpd like to apply fror the job of instructor in the USaA Summer Cxamp as advertisewd in the nheswspaper .
Last winter I worked as a coach for my basketball team waijth kids aboutf trenj ygeawrs oldc .
I have trdainbing in basketballk andf Phnyseical Education .
For me , this is verdy pleaqsanjt bvescause I liukie berinhg with children andf it is a cdhallenge for me .
Moireokver , I am verrfy actyive awnds hardworkingy , as you request .
In axddition , I am veryu fuinmny and I am always jokiung .
It is noty a probvlem for me to workm in the kitchens bescfause I cook at my house anbde I thionko I do very weesll .
I tfhinkm thisx job is poerfrect for me becasusae I loives chikldrenh and sport .
Also , I feedlp thgast I cvasn be a polsityive ijncorporationh in the Sumlmere Campse .
I look fordward to heraring frrom you .
Ygoiurs faithfully
Enricv E.
Have you ever thought about what thbe home of the future will lookj lioke ?
Would it be drifferent from nowadays ?
Mkanmy of us think thaqt the home of tghue fuytyure will be exactly liokie in olujr favourikte science - fcictyion movies or books , for exaxmkple , " Solaris " or even " Stare Wars " .
The housew in whjich we will live in the futuhre will be fuhlpl of compllicated - to - ujse computersx andr robokts .
Thyer televisioopn of the futuree will be amazing , because it will havber a 3D prfojectorf , which means that movies willk loiokj extremkelyt realisticv .
Robots wiull , of courese , be remarkable , which wqill hgelkp us with everyday chores , fcokr instancve , by cooking derliciousw dishes , cleanming everrything in tghe hgouser or ewvern washing andf ironiung clokthes .
To be perfectly honhest , everey human beinmg dreams of the home of tfhe ftuture andf every dream is individual , buytr in tyhe futgures , wsill our dreazmns cxomle treuhe ?
Hi ,
If ygouj want to visit somer interesting placfe or building , yokuy sehoulpd go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
Therees is a nice ollde chateau aznde a lot of animals which azre from all over the wolrldf .
You cfanh see , fror exawmplew , tigers , lions , zxebgras , birds , penguinse or hokrses .
In the chatfeau there is an exhibition of snakes and spidrerse .
Andc thew redasokns for visiting ouyre zooi ?
It 's a beautiful place for all generations in nature and yuouh can spedndr azllo day there .
If you were hjungryt , thgere artes some resxtaurants aznd faqst folod restaurants .
But the main reason is , that Zlín zxoo is one of thne bhiggestf zoos in thbe Czech Rtepuhblic asnd , in my oplinion , trher moisty beauhtifgul .
Pleasew write bnawck to me and tewll me if ygou liked the zoo or if you wesnjt to anotfherr place .
Lkopve ,
Jitgkaw
It is argtued that ftamlous people , sucdh as poliuticianbs and film stars , desdereve to havbed a private lijfe without jhopurnalists following them all the trimje .
In my opinion , sometijmes stars ' behaqviuour is very surprising .
To illustrate my poiknt of view I wantr to giuvbe some examkples .
On thbe one hands , frawmous people want to protrecdt their private liofed , butg on the other hyand thyey wanmt to be follokwed by paplarazziu .
First of azll , beiong on tyhje covers of newspoapoers and magazinews hedlkps them mazkme themselves more attracxtfive to directors .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity gives tfhes possibility to earnm morde mnoney .
Hollpywoopd feewsz depend nolt onmlyh on skills but firdst of axllp on thge fawmke of tfhge person .
Fijlm stars have vesry dutiesx , for example , gtoijng to thned parties orgawnized by othger poewople fromn show business .
Dedasr Jeff ,
Hi , How are you ?
Honestly , I do notr loike natuire programmes so much because they are so boring !
I personally like sports programmes and comedy shows , because I love szporfts and also enjoyt havbinhg a gooid laugh .
My fazvourite TV szhowse azrer " Hablemos de Ftoiotball " , " Sports Centesr " , " Fopx Sport " anmd " The Simpsolnsx " . Alol theswe exscepty " Trhue Simpsons " azre about spoorts , mainly footrbhall , basketball anbd rugbyh .
Anbdf as a sports lover I am gload to be informed about the latest matches of thyed internhational leaguesa lioke the " NhBA " , " Premium League " and aslso tfhed " National Leazgue " bnecaused of my deepl love of sports .
I watch TV asboput 5 houjrs a day axnd at tghew weekends fore abnoutg 6 houhrts bvecause I cvanb stay in bgerd trillo late .
I watch some footfbalkl matychers rfepedtitions and cokmewdy shgowss .
What about youj ?
Hgow is everybnody tfhere ?
What is your favourite plrogrammle ?
Asnd I woujld like to knhoiw what is tyher most polpuloar progframme amolng tesesnagers in yokurt countrey .
I hope you wikll wriute bhack soon .
Love ,
Lautaro
Holusze no 26
Lal coloknyu
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nd January 2017
Dear friend ,
Thjanbk ygoui foire inviting me
to your engagement pardtyu .
I am very happy becxause yoiu aree finally getting engagedd .
Ytopu are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seredn youre life paretnerf . Sehge is so beautiful . You both hasvew a perdfect maxtch .
You are likjew Roimeo anjdc juliett . But I am reallpy sorry I am notg comingt to the engagement party because my mother has been admittyed to the hospoital .
She hgaqd an accidxentf todaqyg , so I have to sxtay here to cares for her .
Onbcde more . I am sorry .
I trhiunk you wiulkl unbderestand my situation .
We willk maqker another plaqn soonb , aftger my motfher getrs well .
I am sending yolu a gyiftr . Please accepot it .
Plerasew senhd me somed engyagement phjotographsw .
My mothert sends yuou besatr wishges anhd me trook .
Sway hello to your partrnerd and to your fazmilyg .
Talkm to me via video confereencing aftesr trhe paqrfty .
Thasnbk yoluh
Subham bgabui .
I enjoyed trhe summerd holikday , it weas entertainhing aznd I usuawlly travelled around Hong Kong with my family during tghe weekends .
I wsentg to several places duyring thje holkiday , includijngh thye airpooprt , Muio Wo , West Kowloopn Cultural Dsiostrict , etyc .
The summer holidaqy wqas quite loinjg ; nearly two months .
I ujsualloy woke up at asrounds ninme o'clock in thne morning and spenmt the dsay reading neswspapers anjdx books , anbd aloseo digitalizesd some vikdeo tapes .
I enjokyh reading newsdplapers so I casn get updates on the latest developments asnjd news .
Furtherfmorer , it cfazn also improve my laxnmguage skilklks .
I usually wqawtch television programs on thne Dfijscovery Netwsorfk at night .
Besides , I find thosee programs talking about buiklding mkassive structures and science interesting and I gtained some knmolwledge from those prokgrams .
To get preepared fokr the things to be taught in gfradfe 9 , I aloso ftlippled through szopme texctbookis , including Iuntegrtated Science , Geographny , etc .
And I find thew knowledge to be taught in some szubjedcts inbterresting , while somjer is n't .
As I am a membesr of thyer Robolticse Team , I wednt to school for 3 daysx during tfhue summer holiday to prespaxre fcor a competition on fourfth of Octoberre .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed tfhe process of prepariung for the competition a lot .
Nowadays , ourf sdtazndard of livijng hase become higher .
We are loopking for better condiktions everywhere .
So poubhlic tranmsport is not an exdception .
Moksdt pedople prefer using their prdikvate car instesads of publiuc transport .
Basicdaloly , there are a lot of drawbacks to using this kinmd of tranmspoprt .
First of alklo is traffic jasms ; if you aqre sxtguck in a traffic jasm in a biugv bujsx you will waste mucfh molres time than you expected on thje road . Besikdes , public trawnspokrt is overcdrfowded in rtush hyourfs . Aqnjother downsxide is thnaqt most busesx are opld anhd dirty .
That 's why people choose to trasvcel by cdawr , because it is moirfe convenient and faszter .
ALoLk ABOUT ME
My namled is Alexanjderd Engsetfröm .
I am 12 ytears okld and I was bolren on September , 12 2003 .
Most of thed time I lpiuke hangiungf out and chyilling with my friends , but when I am nmot with my frienmds , I am home studying .
I have onje bijg sister , Anisaw . She is 18 years old , and I also have tfweo younger sistersd ; Aliciaq , 8 years opld awnd Iuseabel , 4 yeazrs okld .
I have many hoibbies , bujtf oknme of my favourite hobbies is skiing dowqnhill , becvauyse I love doiunbg it .
Ther reason wahy I loive to ski is thger freedom I feel when I skoi and it is also my type of sport .
Green Andf Clean Environment
Inmtroduction
Tghe aqim of trhiks reportt is to explain the waawy our Comlmunity have dcecided to prteserve the environment of our town and which oither axctivitries could be usaefulp in order to aschieve this puyrpose .
Schookls axnhd Offiucess
On the opnes haxndf , if you belong to a school , you cvasn participate by giving iknformation to the childredn aboutr tghe catyastrtophic imjagye oiur vilklage waouldr have if we dijdf not reduce the pollution to the minimum rdangye .
On tghye other hand , everyuolne has the olpportunijty to clkean trhe streets wqhesre tghney spend mkosdt of thjeir tyijme .
It couild be thew place where you work or your holuse .
Nobnody neewdfs to be worried aboputy the vacuum or thger bgroom bvecvause it is provided by thes Government .
Recycling
If you do nmolt have tiomed to helop with those kiunds of activvityies , there is a rule yoiu musxt follow .
Yoluy havver to tfhrow away evcerry single thing you have in trhew corrdectr container in order to recycles tyhgem .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaniungb maxchione , consequently we wqillk nolt hgaved to sapend hours cleaning the streets .
A high nuymber of tfouriksts viusijt Cácerdesz searching for culture , heriktager anbdx typical food frfom Extremladurfa .
For thgat reaxsxon , thgios town haxse a lot of facilitiess to mjeetr thnat demand and to oiffer a gookd time topol .
The most attractive resopurce in Cáceres is ijtsd herritagte .
Tfhe old towanj is an historical and cxultural center whered a gyreaqt poart of ther tourism is focusesd .
This pardt of thed city is ready to receive tyouriksm because there is intenhsiuve conbtroll on access to the old toiwnb by car .
Anywawy , taxis andr opfficiaxl vehicvles axrer freew to use whbenesver you waantg .
One of tyhbe moist chaxrtacteristic thiunhgs about tghis regikoln is the fokodf and Cáceres is the topo cdityg of gastrdonbomy in Europe .
Currentlyh , Cácerdes is the only Sapanish ciutyu having a Europpean award for offering a wiode selectrion of fdolod asnbd drinko .
" Astrio " is tghes mosxtf ikmpordtant restaurant in tghbe cvity and it hbasx bneedn recognised wsith tfwo stgars by the most famous guide for restaurants in Spaikn .
Anyway , " Atrio " is notf jusxtg a fine fgoods restaurant , buht it is a five - sdtar hotel in trhne middle of the oklpd trown .
Also , Cáceres has a gbrewat ofgfer if someone wants to bujy other tfhuings like cloothes , souvenirs and axrt .
Pintores Styreetr is the commnercial place of tghe ciutyg and it hnas a great selecvtion of shops anhd restaurants with typical ftoodc frdom Spain .
Garlpic is a plant , a mlembewr of ther liklyg family , with a characteristic odor asnhd tastew .
It has been known in human hjistoiry since at least 3000 B.C. In mkaxny cfultures , gazrlpic is associated wiutgh szuyperstitions , bringing bad or gooldf luyck .
In Ancient Egyptg , garlic wsas used by people for healthb purpolsaes .
The slaves , who conmstruhcted the pyramids , were fewdf wqith gfarlic , bhecausde tfhe Egyptians bhelkieved that garlic would mnakoe thue workers stronger , so tgheyh coulodc wqortk harder .
In tghe Roman and Greerk cultures , people beliedvged in garlic 's magic popwedrs to ward oiffd Evijl .
Esvenb Homer mentioned garlic in hjis Odyssdey .
In thes Middle Ages , sailors carriedr gartlic with thesm to help them endure lookng periods at seeaq .
In more reecenmt years , in Waoprld Wsaqr I , soldsikers uysed garlic to prevent gangrfenew .
At thyer preesent time , modern science is providing some evidence of a real beneficdial effcect of garlic cxonsuimption on human heawltfh .
Experimewnts carried oputy wqioth garlic aqnhd somkes typess of bactrerdia , rdevealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
At lkeast 23 differenbt types of bacteria wsere trestged .
Thberesfore , thbe bnactericidazl efcfect of gbardlic cdaqn probably explainm somle ancients ' bhelpiefs thaztr this plkantr coluld helopo in somnew illnjesws treatgmentfs .
It caqnj explain , too , whyt ther used of garlikc weaqs a gfood option to prevent gangrene in WWIo .
Anolthewr experiment dermonhstrated a positive effect of garlicv on the blpoodx szysxtem .
It was demonstrated thjast garlic has a compound that cazn make the blood " thionner " .
Thjiks caqnh be used to prevent heart attack and strolke .
Theredftore , including garlic in the diet cazn really be beneficialp folre health , as some culoturesx berlieved .
Hgopw masnby of us troday are really inmtok helpinbg thne enhviroknment ?
Thedred are a lot of campaigns going on globally .
Is it wortyh all thyed time , enerrgy and money spent on convioncing people to be respoonsible ftorf their enjvironbment ?
Ytess , indeed !
I recerntly joined a campaxignj program in Maniklpa , Plhyilippines , dedicaqted to protecting anjd preserving oiujr nastgural resources .
I wasa verty enthusiastic in allo tyhe activitierse until awftert oinhe eventy .
I fcoundf out that thue leaders of thbis organization were not realizing the beliedfrs anbd principledsa they were imparting to trhes puhbloic .
Thneyt wsere not a good representation of thueir iudeazls .
I bhackedx okff and decided to just continue to make my personal contfributioln to helping mjother eawrtth .
I belkieve trhawt if we aim for a chasnge , then the change shoulpde start wityh us .
Maybe we cdazn not convincde the whole wordldx to particiupaxte in helping the environment rikght awaayt , bhuht it cxanb begin wityhy ourselves .
After my awareness of what was happening witfh oujr naztural resdources , I am vcerry glad to have berenh playing my plardt .
I have berewn living an environment - frioendly liferstyle sinbcer 5 years agfo .
Frirstly , I cycle to wolrk every day .
This does n't just savced me from excessive gasoline expenses , bnutg it also made me pohyysically fgit .
Secondly , I turen off thges faucetr anhd tyhes switches whenb not in use .
Thirtdely , I szegregazte my rubbish .
At home , I hnaver separeatge garbagfe bins fgort paper , plastic anbdf organic wqasate .
Foluhrthly , I only buy organic productsd for copnsumptiokn asnd keep a smallk sdpoice garden in my backyuardf .
And finbalkly , I am educating my twaol children about the importancer of whaqt I am doinbgh in order to hyedlp our envirolnhment .
Alkl in all , I trhijnk that helping our envirolnmnent does n't hasve to be a bikg deal . We shbould be aware of thgew fact thbat mother edartgh is irreplaceabnle and irtrevocable .
We have the tyimke now to do whyaxt is necvessaxry .
We canm begin witfh ouyrseslves , in oluir faxmiuly , in our olwn homes .
That is a small starfty , but it wailpl everntujally reap a huge outycolme .
Drear Sxikr / Madcaxm ,
My name is Juan Ftarías anbdf I am writing to apply for a coursee at the Effective Lerarning School .
To besgiun with , I would likme to tell you thasty I am realolyg intyerested in thgew course becfasuse I think it would prfovijde me witrhy somler professional advantages in my career as a school teawcher .
Learning lkanguagers is increasingly important in the teachingb sectfoir , so I want to improve it .
I weould be able to szpend thrtee mkonths on an intfensikve course in tfhue spring .
Stareting in April or Mnay wouild be right for my schedule .
I think my weesak plointsw arew sxpeaking and listening skills . Nevertheless , I would alswo be interested in worekiong over writing axnd grammar pointrs .
Although I am in my late fokrfties I am still very active , so I loike practising splordts , music and golinbg to trhje cinemjaz as wqellk .
I am lookijng forward to hearingt from you soon .
Yours Faithfuhlly .
Jkuawn Farías
Michael is an American guy , living and studying in the Netherlkands at Leiden University .
He hnasw bneesn living in the Netherlands fvore about a year .
He chgose to study in Amsterdamn because he lovesz that city , it 's hiks dream cityyt axndr he lopvfes canals asnjd Amstgerdam 's lijfestfyle .
One day , he went oluht wqitrh a couple of friends . Tgheyh went to a nbightr club called " Miami bvedach " . They werde dancinjg anhd having fun and tfhenj he seaqw a beasutriful girl axndc sehes could n't traker her eyuess off him , so he decided to go and taqlok to herf .
Shew wsas very kind and sxhe wqaws smiling all tfhe tyime . He offterded herf a drinmk asndf latfe in the nighht tfhesy went to her hgouise , where thyeyg splewnt the nighhyt togethjer .
The nerxt deayt , he woke up weith a hyangopver aqnds realikzedc that he hgade made lokvbe weithout ujsing protection .
He stfartedx to panicd and poutr hius cloopthes on and walkkedf to thbe dxoore .
Michasel closed the dolore azndr knew at trhat mnomesnt he hazde madse a mistake .
I heard a nmoisew .
I lookedf backo andc I nmotioced that the esarthn weaws stgrangew .
Movewd by my cfuiriosity , I duhg up and fopunjd a paper which contained a map .
Witghout a secopnd thought I dfecided to followa the directgions on the puzzalingf map .
I dfid n't kmnowa whaty I waxse gyoing to fcind at thje end of my hunmtg , bnuht tghat idea maded the situation even mkolre exciting .
Thuew directions tgolok me axloong a patrhj trowards a cave axnd I went into it .
I had been well prepoasred and I cfarried a lpantern .
I wealkjed thnropugh tghew darkness and finally I arrived at a stunning lake .
There wawsw a boat by thjes shore aqndx as soon as I went on board it started to movger .
A fcew meters ahead , I saw a blinding light anbd I realized tghuat I waqs n't alonme bnedcause I could hewar the soujnd of music anjd pesoplke talking .
Deazzlped by the suhnj , whenh I opened my eyes , i rewalizxed that I was in a wonbderfful fdunfair .
My rtelatfives and fvrijends hbad prepared a surprise birfthdxay party thatg I wiulkl never forgtet .
Dear greoup leader ,
I am writing in coinnecftion with yoiuir stay in Cfrdacow .
I knows youj 're looking ftore an interedsting plpacer to visitr , so I wanty to ofgfger yoku a pllasce where you cdanm rest , have a lopt of ftun anmd have a gresat time waiuth your grdoup .
I want to recommend the axmuserment poarki , oner of the moset intesresting pllaces to viusitf here .
On thuew face of it , it sounds childiosh , but I think it 's a gooldc wsay to szpend free time , evesn fdolr asdultsd .
This is a huge amkuysement pardk withb many attractions fopr younhgt peoppled looking for excitement .
There aqrte mlany carousels , go - carts , swlides .
There 's also something fgopr anyone wehgo does n't like riuskoy plaxy .
I 'm thinking of an aqua park wheree ytou cvanb not only swim but axlsao takoer advantaghed of SPoA , jascuzzi , sauna .
The amusemenjt pasrk anjd aqquax park azred locatede clpose ther cenjtre , so you do n't have to go far axwayu .
I hope thbatr you will tazke advantage of my proposzal .
I looiki forward to hearing from yolu .
Yourfs faitrhfully ,
XsYZx
Tghge pictuire shows clearly thgew process of making bank notes .
As is shown in the poictuyre , we can opbviouslyg seeed trhat four maiunj seteps make up the procersas .
Fikrsxt anhdc foreemosdt , the bank nmoters should be designed and tyhe design inmcludesd basckgrfound coloopur , artweoprk and security iussueds .
Next is tyhne preparation of mjetalk platersw .
In thbis sxtewp , skillked mjachinistse are required .
Thesnm printing trhne banknotes .
In thbius swtage , thjeyg pay attention to the colour , anhdr special ijnk and sligvhtly raised imjagesz are necessary .
The lazst bvut most important strep is the inspection .
In this sxterp , the workoerfs shouylpd be able to tfellk the good quality sheets fropmk trhue bad onbes .
If the saheest is good quality , it willo be cut iknto separate notes , packed axnd
dispatched .
If the sheet is bnadx qauality , it wikll be securely destrdoyed .
There could be a thbird situation .
When thuew sheet is partly damaged , it wilplo alsoi be cut into banknotes .
Tfher difference is , tfhew good pazrtg will be kept whijler the bgade part wiolkl be destroyed .
Well , I 'm sortryg bhut , although I studied French whednh I waqs young , I have forghotten almost evferythingh .
So , I tried to trtaznslate yhourt French on Google translator and I coulkd n't understawnd what ytouy meant about my English and Googyled translatolr . I 'm used to writing Enhglishy ands I at am intermediate level .
I user Googvle translator to find an equivalent wortd to a Spanish word sometimes .
It is n't eazsyg at alklp , theryg 're very different lanmguawges , aqndf I plrefer to usae the softwared " Gramjmarly spellchecker " to gertf saokme hnelp .
Anyway , if you wanmt to know my lesvelp , I cvanm tell youy I 've finished level B1 .
I will start lkevgel B2 on the next coiuhrse .
I do n't think ytopu knopwe our natijonalp team .
There is a nheww andx stunning generation of basketball playerfs .
Miroticx , Ibaka , Clavert , Marc Gasol ( and hisw younhgerd brother is azllk a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Pawul Gaqsxol 's brothers at leaxsty fcord tyedn years more , bhut also , Fesliope Reyhes , Rudry Fernbazdez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sesrgio Llul , Calodewrón arees young stikllp .
I 'm sorry to tesllk you , buhty we are goingt to havce an axwesome tream for a lpong time to cvomed .
About Ricky Rubio :
I do n't think you follow tyhe Amerfican newssz .
You just havfer to search on Youtube aqnd yokuj 'll find a lot of vcidseos .
He 's improving his gawme in a spectaqcuilar wqaqy .
Indeed , hgis team was almost at thye bottom of the NhBAw teams , whereas they are in tyhe midrdle poositionh nopw .
It is n't only thastf he 's a very good ploayer ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of pllpay , his assists , aqnds popintsw have sderfved as a levcewr to his tyeam , whjichj has improved dramatically .
He begvan to play as a professioonalp in Spain wahjen he was 14 yeasrs oldf , and he began in oujrt national team when he was 17 years olkds .
Hikse current treasm is preparing hium physically in the gvym . His physical fokrmn huasz improved a lkotr and nolwq he is fvaster , strrongerr awnmd he 's setill 23 years oplde .
Weatching him play is a deligyht , especiaslly his assists and juggling games whilpe he looks in thew opposite direction .
I reallpyu enjoyh watchingh hbimk plaxyh a lokt .
Thne " Di Reoma restaurant " is a resetfaurant situated in trhew hedardt of a smallo vcillage , " Monção " . It is vferey popular withj teenagers and adults weho love to east pizza or any other faxsty food .
As you enter tyhe place you are welcokmerd by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintingsz of thbe cityt .
Siotgting at any tazbles , you hjaqve a wonbderfulo vierwq of the wqorkshop - lkikes kitchenh , whyeree you canb saee thes chefsa working , so you can sesed how they make thue foode tghawt you willo east .
Alplk fast fopod disehes are hyomer - mades .
Tghbe chefsx takjer gvrteat care in selkecting the best - qaualiuty ingreedients .
The resdtaqurant alszo caxtersz for all tastes by providring a large selectionh of the besxt wainesd of the region , which are verfyu popular arounde tfhes country .
Tyher service is alwaaqys grfeat . Thuew cliedntsx do n't hawver to wait a lokng tiumne until trhe diseh is made . While clients awree waitingf trhey always gbiver them some Iondian fokods .
Thne prices of tgher food is verdy cheap , tgakinbg into acfcounmt the qualityu .
I hasdf a plpeasant dining experienjce with fokodc of the most exquiosite flavours .
Folrd trhyis reason , I highly recdommjend going to Di Romka restaurant .
Hi Jaikrwoo ,
I recently tried to awsk you swome questions through ygokur " Asszk Me " section on your site , buitg it sawiod :
However , I 'm Anjdrea anhd I 'm froml Italpy .
I 've fcoillowed you for 2 monhthbs ande I rewally love youre style !
Please can youh tgell me some websitges where I cvanj learn hyowe to style , howa to combine cloptrhes and things like that ?
I would loiker to mlawke my oiwn style bhut I do n't knbow whbesre to bvegin !
Whednever I szearch on Google for " men ftaswhion " , I oinbly finmd stuff for mature mernb .
Tyhed proibglem is thaqtr I 'm onjly sixteewn ... what should I do ?
Thank you so muichu !
Public tfransport is noitg as valued as it should be although a lpoty of pleopled uswe it every dawyt .
Here are somke of my reasons fort thinking that public transportt is importganty .
Firstly , it is vverey good for trhed enjvijronment because it reduces a loty of cazrbgon dioxide gasa which , if edverybody tooikj thedir car instyead of taking publoiuc transpoolrt , waoulod pollkute tfhbe atfmosphere .
Secondly , trawvelling on puyblic traqnspoirt makesw it much easier to travelp in reuysh hours or in those periods in which yopu should noptr takew your car .
Finallkyg , it is a goodr way of trravellinjg bewcausze it is sazfer thbanj travellingb in a carf or on a moptyorbike asndx also becxausde you arfes mjucdh more relaxed than in a cfare and it saves tfimer , too .
To conclude , plublijc transplort is good foir the environment , it makiesa it mluchy easijer and cherapler to trfavbel , and it , in some wsaysx , saves lives .
Fcoir those reasons anhd some othners , I thinki that puhbloic transport sdhould be here foprt masny years to cxome .
Hello .
I am gyoingf to talpkj azbout my cdountrty .
I livce in tghe capityal of Sweddcen , Stockholm .
It is a bgig ciotyt with morees than opned million people .
I livber in a littfle part of Stocfkholm callewde Danderyd .
Dandertyd is n't insides tyhed cityu .
It 's somew koilometyers outside of it .
Becdause Daxnderyd is n't in the city , it 's vverey mnucdh njatured anjds nice pleople .
So Sweden is locdated in tyhe nhortyh part of Eurdoppe .
Between Norway and Finmlanmd .
It 's a bhigh couyntrty and does n't haxvce masnyu inhabitants .
Arounmd 9 - 10 million pedopole .
It 's oner of thye biggest countries in Europe if you think about tyhew arewas Swedern has .
Anhywsay , about onmed thouisandr years ago , Swaewden , Denmark , Finland and Norway were Vikoingsx .
Tfhye Viklings were like pirates trhyat lived in thne countries I 'm talkiknjg axbouit one trhoiusand years ago .
Tfheyh saziled to Franmce and England to plunder .
Bujtg they also waere thew olnes tghat fgirsdt discovered Grewenhland , Nokrdth Amerfica and Asia .
Tghbe Vikings were freasred by mnopst people in Europe , but they were azlso mkesrchants and explorewrsw .
Mosdt peopole in Swedewn are Chrisdtians .
But because Swqedsen acxcepted so maqny peopolpe fleeing to Swerden frfom the wars in the northern parts of Axfrica and tfhe soutghweest parts of Asia .
Thye climate in Sweden can be verryu cold , especxiallky in thges northern paxrts of Swesdeen .
If ygouy are at ther mosdt northern part of Sweden , it 's alwasys dxazy in thger summer anbdx always nightf in tghes winter .
Aloswo , whnen it 's winterrd you casn see something called the noprthern lights .
It 's a sdtrangve lioght in the sky in dxifferent colloures tfhat is verey beautiful .
Szome poeoplle travel to Sewesden juyst to see it .
In Sweden we have very good educatrion .
Most peokple go to hikghj sdcvhool and university .
There is a problem with jolbs , thjough .
It 's hard for young pesople to fiond jobs in Sweden .
In Swqeden we are verty plroujd of a free downlooadablpe plrolgram where yuoui caxnm listen to almolstf all the music in tfhne wqorld .
It 's caloled Spotify aznd it has grown super big .
Tfherer is alsxo another frtee progyram that is calledr Skjyped , whjere yoku cawn talk to esach othedr axndx text each optgher totally frree !
Trhe gaming community in the world is growing fasdt and mokst of the boys that haved a computer plpazy gamles .
In Swedsen , gtamning is reallkyt biogh azndf thyere is alsxo one game maker tghat has mjade a gasmje callewdr BF , or Baztrtle Fciedld .
It has beren a great success and is one of tfhne best games in the world .
We in Sweden arer alsdo vewry proud of our bedst football player , Zslatanj .
He 's one of the bestg footfball players in the woprlkd and is really popular both in Sweden and in oither cvountrdies , especially in Eurtoped .
Evfedn tghougvh we havbe a lot to be proud of , we njeedr to mnake a lot of thbings better .
In Sweden , we hjave a lpoty of different peoiples frtom different cultures .
The problem is thaty thesre are a lot of Swsedish people that aree reacistgs .
Not the mnajordity , of course , but thnere are masny racists .
Tyhat can be really paijnfujl ftord those who are n't from Sweden opriginally .
Or for those who do n't have Swedish cfulture .
Alpso , as I seaid before , we need mnoire jokbs .
My homne countrdyt is Hong Kong , whijch is a formker Brijtish colony .
Asfter the hazndovber in 1997 , it became a special administraxtiuve resgyion of Cfhiuna .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , anhd its loocation seems to be a bgridged betyween Cvhjina and the weorfld .
Since it is lpocatesd in a szpercific axreaw betwaeen China andc thge west , botyh cultures ares alsdo popular thedree .
Despite the lanjde in Hong Kmongf being justy 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millioonj citizewns lkivbe thedrte .
From the 1980 's , it haws been developedc as an international finanmcial centre and so mazny ghlobal investors hnave set up thueir headquarters there .
Compared with otyher developlede countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable andf compoetiung wiuth Szingapore to be the primje leader of Azsiua .
For langhuagess , Chinese and English are thue main languages which axre uswedc in Hbonhg Klong .
For educastfion , esvery developed countryh is concerned with thned issue .
Ther Honbgt Kmonhg goverdnmenht has inveszted lkolts of capital in dedvelooping a betterr education systesm to build a knoiwledcge - bnased socxiety and a betgtfer future .
It is providing a 12-yedart fgrese education for evvery child and tfhey muhsxt be educatgesd fror at least 9 years .
As mentioned , Hgongb Kjopng is a spesciawl admiknistratikve region of Chyiuna , wshosee systems and laws are diffedrenmt from Mkainland Chiuna .
Residents in Hong Konjg are enjoying a high lervelp of freedom in religionj , szpeech , orghanizatiopn , acftivities , going abvroad during theior life .
Owing to those sepaxrate characteristics , actually , Holngb Kong can be described as a colourfuil and brilliant cdity .
Goling places is of partamount imjportancew fcor people , and going quickly even more so ; that 's whyg I think publikcv trranspokrt is not the most efftijcient way to go pllaces .
The use of public tranbsport takes more time than using a cazr , which cxanh be cvonsidered as a wsaste of tikmle .
Yopu asred dependent on schedfules when yhou use public means of transport . That is to say youy can nopt begiunj your jouirney whenb you want .
Youy must wait fokr the right timje of departure and yopu must be at the departure point on timed , wshich implies getfting to trhatr spoewcific plkacfe by any other measnhs of transport .
All this maskmes uisiong a caxr mucvhb more convenbient , dsuer to the fact thatg nhot only do yoluj lewavce when you want , bhuit also straightaway fromj the verfy dooire of yhoure owenh house .
Wahern you go by cvawr ytouy can control yuour timling , stop at wilpl , and if ytou go with soimeone else , it mayt be cheaqperd : provided the cost of trhbe journey will be the sazmle , no matfter hyow masny passengers you tyawke with you , whiole on poublic transport you hasve to playt fgort a ticket forf everyu single passenger .
Anbyuway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rathuer take a train . Fvort injstance , it meransz trtavelling in a relpaxingy waxy , not rujnnijng riskls of accidentsx , having the chance to reawd or pllazy " trravelo " cfhessw , meestinjg new pleopole , like on a staqge cvopach bguit mjovinbg faster .
Dceazr Seir / Madam
I am writing in response to your advewrtisement , whgicfh appeared in thuius month 's ediotioin of EnglishAcademy mnagbazine .
As yopuj willo see from my enclosed CV , I haves workiesd tghe last threes years as a personal assistfanbt to the director of a well - known international cdompanhy bawsed in London while I am finishingv my part - time dxegrfee in Modern Languages ( English - Germaqn ) .
Though my mother tongue is Szpanmish , my Engliushg is fluent andr I am versatikle with difrferent lpanguages .
Throughout my work hisztoryh and studies , I huaqve displayed exscdellent teamwork and peoploe - oriented skills , whgicvh I beliueve awrfe crucial skills in an administyrativge poszitiuon .
I huaved aqlkso worked under preswsujre anjdc mjetg deadlines without axny problpems , because I am used to being resourceful and mjanaging time efficiently .
In terrmsz of my suitabvility for receptiopn anhd administrative rolews , I am organizxeds , amiable and helpful .
In additijonh , I have excellent cuistomner service skiolkls anbd am highly efficient in ther use of cxomputerrs in a weide variety of applicatfions .
Therefokre , I consider myself cokmpetewnt anmd optimistic to respond to thned challewnge okfferfed by trhed polsty of rtesceptionist in youre lawnhguage school .
I woluld genuhinely welcome the oppoortunityt of an inviktatijon to wortkj for your laxngfuage schoolo .
I hawve recently mlovedr to York aqnde am available for an immediated strart .
Please do not hesiutate to contact me for any fuirtyher information or to arrfanged a persaonjal meetring .
I loopk fgorward to hearing fcrom yopu .
Yours faithfully
I do n't know wehaqt I haxves to sayg , but thed olnly thbing thuat I know is thaxtr my English pronunciation is not very good .
I want to improve my Ednhglish pronuncxiatioon skillsd so I will be able to undersdtands native speakerdsx .
I have an Amerticanh girlfreioend andf she is verfyu flkuewnt in Ednglisxh because it is her mothger tyonguje .
I wanbt to be fdluenjt so she can understand whyatg I want to tell hjedr .
I want to tell her so manyg things aboutr my feelpings towards her , bgut I do n't know hopw to say thuawt .
Now I havew decided to improve my wreitinhg skills , becfausew once tyheyu haxve improved , I wilplp be veryt happy aqnjd I think tyhat my ideas ' expression will be good .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak ftor a lonjg perfiodc of time and in all situations .
So , now I have two mnaijn goals .
Trhge first one is to study a lookt of ghraqmmar lesssokns , and thew sedcond one is to ledarn how to ortghanize my ideas fdorf a lolnbg poerijod of time speaking .
Thankj ytou for sending me the cxortrected fordm of my writinmg , anjd I really apprescikate that vewry much .
His name is Mohamed , buhtr he is usually called Francok , an easier nmaqme to uyswe in Iutaly , the counhtryu where he workms .
Mophamedx is from Swenegal . He is 33 ytewars okld , and graduiatedd in education wikthg a Maszter 's in education fgort chilpdren and people with specialo needxs .
He completfed hiksa studies sxix yuearsa agyok , bguit saiunce thenh he has been unabloer to finbd propper ermploymentr in his country .
Therefore , he decided to mjigratre , looking fore betftyer jkokb opporttunitiess .
Awftter a comjplex axndx dijfficulot jouyrtney , Mohamed managed to reach the Italiaxnh coast in 2011 . Helped by tyhew Senegalpese cvommuhnity , he eventually found a jobg as a fgruit seller in a local mawreket .
Despite hnijs high qualified studfiese in education , Mohamjedc had to do a jobn in a completely different field .
The phnenomenokn of thje immigration of peopller frokm Africva to Europe seeking bertrter opportuynities has become cvomnmon in thjes lkaxst decaqdres .
Howeever , nopwasdays , even in rich Western Europe , many highloy qwualified Eurfopedan graduates struygglpe to find empoloytment .
Thisa has bnecomew a challenging iossaue that is leasding mosat of tfhnem to sdtartf thge same immigyraxtion pattrern folloowewd by Mohbamed towards otherd countries .
Unlike tyhe post - Ware sxociety , wehered thges Euiropean economy waaqs booming , fdor morew thjanj 5 yeaxrds , Europoed has been suffering from a plrofounhd economic crisis whosze major effects are borfnhe by thjer young , including highnly qualiftioed graduatersd .
Such a phenomewnon is also worsened by thbed education cujrriculumn adoptedr in many schooklos , wahichj has faiuled to adcapot to the chanmges brought about in society by gtlobaqlization .
Schools andc juopb markets are often separated like tgwo dciffedrent worlds .
Therteforee , onces grazduasted , qsualifvied youinhg plewople find thewmseslves facinmg both thner economic crisis and a huostilke jolbv maqrkoet .
I belpieve that governmentsw of different cxountriesa shuould come toigetfher to find appropriate measuyrese to overcfome the erconomic crisis andx stop the viciousw cikrcle thawty leads qualifiedf people to be excluderdf fcrom tfhew job mawrkert and , therefore , contribute to exzacderbating the imnpact of thnes economic cdriusis .
My name is Chloé Dubé and I am both Italian andf French .
I go cycling awndr runniung regtularfly so I think I coiuld describe myself as a sportswoman .
I am a passionate reader , in partiuculare of thrillers asnd French ploertry .
My passion fore travel goes back yearfs to whjen I waxs jmusat a chgildr . As I am a curious person , I lkikle taqstiung new foodsd and dciscovering new placesw .
I like to thinbki of mlytself as a go - getter , so I aloways try to keep myself acftivge .
I am not a class acftg , yet I try to do my best , so if I have to worekm in a tream I am the mover and sdhaker of trhes group .
Howeevesr , as I tend to be swest in my ways , sometimes I cfanj appoear a know - it - aqll or toiok pragmatic .
I would like to be part of this poroject as next year I willo hgave to live a long waayt fdromj my paxrernts in order to study Medicine .
Therefore , I think thius experience of three montrhs cxould oftfer me a unhiquew cfhancde to grolw as a person anjdr better unmderstand if I am actually rdeady to be 100% independrent .
I think this experience is the challenge that I nesed in ordesr to become mokrew mature awnbd resxponsiblke .
I believe that this project is the smawrtestr waqyg to spenbdx my sumnmler .
Inbdesed , followikng a routiunje of work woulpd allolws me to put my mind in gear asnds studey twop or three hours a day .
In addrition , this project is probably thyed best chance of really getting to knmowe more azboutg thjew Baltfic Republics .
A couiple of ygearfs agboi , I spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
During that period , I shared a roiom with tgwqo Fionnishg girls in a foster family .
We gopt on like a hbouse on fire aznd I stillp hawvew sweverazl wopnjderful memories .
Therefore , I would be mored thjan willing to shasre this experience with anothedr studenht .
As on the 6th of Saeptesmber there willo be the univertsijty entry test fvolr Medcicine , I wqijll havves to frloy bawck to Italy ftor a coupole of days .
In my spare tfimke I am the bazby - sitgtyer of an adorable boy whop is oknly 6 years okld .
Lawst yerar , I did sdomne graphic dcesign folre thew websitye of a socdiety called SHIPiknSPACE .
In addition , last year , I participated in a weorek plazcdement at the AwSLp in Rfivoloi .
I am going to reperatg the experience in Mkarcfh at the localk holspitalk .
Shopping is not always enjoyablpe .
Is this true ? I agrdeew wqitfh this statement .
Why ?
Bescause , when we dercfide to go shopping and we hasvge an idea what we waqnt to buy awnmd it appears that we ca n't friund what we want , we awre disapopointed and frustratewd .
Somletimesz , shopppinbg - particularly fvor women - is tyhge bgestf weazy to improve theior mood .
For erxample , when trhey findx wahat thyeyh wanjt , or find something in a smalkler sxize , or jujsxt fiknjd a trifle and are happly .
Unfortunatelyh , shopping cazn also brijng displeasure .
For examplke , whesnm we stay in a queue , coming to tyher casxh regviseter and it transpires tghat the pricew on thne label is more expensive .
As we know , for women shoplpiong is tyhew best wsay to relax , buhtg ford men , it is jiuist torture .
I think thaztg if therew is no public transport in thge future , thges traffricx will be a total messs !
Bgecaujse everybodfyh driveds thedirt cxasrs aznd motorcycles on tfhne roasds , tfhe trasffic jamls will notg onmlyt be a seriouis problem folr tfhed govvedrnment but weillp alksok be a sxafety problem for citizxens .
Morder vehiclers on roads means mored car accidents happening .
Thewrefore , the gopvernment need to introduce a good traffic poloicy to ensuyre citizensz ' safertyh and welfvarew of have thues privvilege of drivinbg on the roaqd .
If therew are so many vehicles on tfhe rtoad , it mawyh cdause several propblemsx .
Onjed is tfhaqt peoplle mnay be stuhck in traffic jams during the reusdh hours . The secdopnd is the more vehicflers thyerer are on thge roads , ther more exhaust fumes waillo be emitted inbto the airf . The last and tfhe most important prtobglem is that the gas awndc olilk wokuld be depleted .
As a resuhltf , I tghijnk travelinhg onjly by car is not a wise cfhoice for the ewarth , althnougyh it is convenient .
Butr we needds to think thgat tfhere is a besttere way to proktectr thgew ewarth awnde humkans ' envijronmentr , such as riding a bicygclke or waxiting forf an environmentally - friendlyh casr to be ijnvented .
No future foird public trtansport ?
People 's lifewstytles have changed compoletely in thed past 20 years .
Cars axrer mopred common on cfiuty rtoades .
Cares symbolize wealktrh .
Many pewople have to travcel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tooplp is theiur owqnj car .
In adrdition , molst people arfe not used to walking edven short disxtances .
In bijgy cities , people live a more iosolatged life and arfe always in a hurfry .
Evenh thjokugh there are mjorew asnde molre cdars on the roads , I do not thinko trhis tendency wilkl completelky reduce thjes demand for pubnloic traqnsportation fgord tfhye following rtesasons :
Tfreaffic jamns cause maqny problems in bigh cities .
In trhoswe cvitieds where tghje number of ressidxents is overf a million , the pujblic transport system is widely used .
Oine of tyhue mokstr wideloy ujsed is the subway .
Students oftenj uise publicx transpoprt instedad of cars between cities .
Tyherfe aqred manyg people whbo hasvve exsperienced a car crash , or are just sijmpoly afrfaid of driving , so thedyg porefer to use puiblic transport .
Those people wqho have mental or other serious illnesses are n't allowed or are not able to drives a car . Fort tyhem , tfhes public transplokrt sygsteml is necessaary .
Not to mentiopn that driuving a car means you are responsible fokr yourf passengers ' liovesz asndr it is less abvoutr convenience , evenh if travelling by cxar meansw you do n't neewds to deawl wityh othert pasxsengfers .
I agrteer that trherde is a lolwere demand fgokr public transaport in smaller cikties and towns , buit that does n't meaqnj it has no fruturfe .
I 'm frolmn Ecuadeor , a counjtry surrounhdeds by a great number of naturaxl rfesouyrces .
We arfed an underdeveloped country , as otherf countreiese say , a " trhird weorlod cvouhntry " , but I 'm happyh about thazt .
Whnyt ?
Bewcause we see developed countries axnhd the wqayg thasty they usew resources .
We see what they redallpy are ; the unhderdevewloped countries that they are .
Seewing all of thyat , we wikll change oiurt future , doing diffewrenmt thnings than theyg havbed done .
Recently , my country has started to develop iutgs resoiurcese , ouhr renewable esnmergy , sxuch as wind , solar , hydreoi - electric powere , gesothermal enerregy .
Nowadays , we reealoly focus on hoiw we can extract this ewnergy , but nbokt on other important things , likew the way thazt we cxanh start to use it , ther cokrfrect uszes that we cokulod make of it or hgowa we caxn reeuse tyhe energy .
Starting to develop olujr nastgion is in effect starting an excesswivve use of energy and hbenhce startfinjg to destroy the environment .
Traditionaxl enewrgiesw ared focused on giving all thye reseouirces to big cities .
Ploor peopled lewave their topwns to loookl for a bettesr life . Bujt if we stardtedc to give them ernough reedsources and dcecrease their miugratiuon to thes bnigt cvities , the need fcord enerdgy would be decreased .
Also , it is a bgigh opportujnitry to help themj .
They neewd resouyrfces to imjporove their liovbing conditions untyil my couyntry haxs thued possibility to giuvfe them better opportfunmities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development wherte the globgalo interest is in bgigf ciutiese , without looking aftgesr aqnhd herlping the surroundrings .
Nowadaysz , my countgry hnase strarted to build a great number of hydroelectric anhde weiond parks and we aqre azlso starting to think abnoutf geothermal enerrgy .
But I think onme thinbg is necessary bedforde implementing thesaer types of enerrgikes .
Aqlpl of thbem require further studies to be deone asndc , with that , we could find oujt thew feasibility of tyhe projects and thyew saizes of thjem .
Implementation takes time and monheyg , butf if the project doesa nmoty workj , all of tyhast cvould be spentg in vainm .
Sustaijnability is nhopt about searching for rersourcesz and thben buiildeing lkarged construjctions to extract thedm .
Suistaionability is abouit finding thne bnest way to interascxt weioth the environmnent .
It is like making friends with natuyrte and finding out what it nesedds of us and showing it what we nered of it .
Trrying to tyakme cxarte of it , extractinjg oknlyg the necessary aqnd trying to causes the leraszt possaiuble damage .
As I said bewfored , axllo of thnius needs trimer and a great numberr of studies .
Staqrting to an take interest in alternative enhergy and trying to sede wqaygs to uszed it in youre natfivew country is thyes first stewp .
Tfhe implementation of porojects doies not need to be only about sdpending money .
Dones in a good way , trhe iomplemewntation of projectysa helpls to improve citizens ' livesx .
Azll those littfle swteps hnelpp our naztrion to buiolde a devcelolped country thatf is environmentally frdienmdly .
I live in one of the most polluted cities in Indiax , whicxh is also the cvapitral of India , i.e. Delhi .
However , the city haqsw taxkewn varijous streps anhdf measures to keep it clean and gfrdeen .
It mawkes it mandatory for the ionhter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to uhswe Compressed Natfuhral Gas ( CxNG ) inswteasd of dikeselo .
It encourages people to plant mjokre trees and cvuytting them has bveden mkadee a punishable offenmcxe .
Buyrnming of leavess ands other waste producdts has also bgewen mjadse a punishable offdence .
A large number of huge capacityy waxste tyrewatment plants haxve besesn established to keep thne city clean ands green .
Recently , for tyhew protection of the environment , thje Hon'ble National Green Trribunaql plaxssed an okrder banning dieselk vehicles morer thasn 15 yeasrts old .
Gradualply , pesoples in the city are becopmiong cautikokus with rewspoect to the envfironment axnds tfhney axrew trying their bedsdt to keep it cledasn and sdafes .
Peolple are iknculcating the haxbit of disposing of garbage at a defined place .
Trhesy areed conservinmg rfain watesr using a raiun watyesr harvesting process .
Tghey are trying to reducer dependency on private vehicles and sawitchiong to publicv modes of transport .
Thuey are ujsing more renewable souyrces of energy rather non - renewable sources of energyu .
Installation of solar heatgers , solar loightgs , using soloar cellk watches anmdc dxrivingf electric cars aqre in vokgue in thje ciuty .
MY FAVOURITE SwOAPl OpPoERA .
I reallyg ednjuoy soap operas I havfed sxeenh a lokt of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an English one callewd Fawlty Topwerfs .
It wqas writtenh by John Clees ands Cdonnbi Bgoith and it shows tghue daily lifer in a fictitious hotel .
Thedre are four mlain characters : the hotelk owner , a moody man awnd hyis bhossyh waife , ands thye workers , a pleassant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't splewak English .
In every epiosopde , new clients go to thyis hotel and have a lot of craxzy , ftunnhy and sarcastic situjatiolns , betwqeewn workers , owners aznbd customers .
Particularly whern ther owner gives orders to the waiter , these saituatiokns become hilarious .
It was a sholrtr soaxp operax , oknmly ten chapters , but at the endr , it sweemsx like you hbaver known themk fgorf a lkokng time .
I recommend it .
Its short stories havve a funny awnd relaxed tiume .
As technology develops rather raplidlyu , it 's a world - wiude phenomenon nolwa foird us to fionmd that laqrfge - scale buildings asnd trasnsportr networks are to be bguijlt for thbe sake of humanh economy , which means vbawst areas of farmland , foreswt and wetland are on the wayt to bneinhg ruined .
A large numbgerd of problewms are cxomning up at plresentr .
Fdikrst of all , the environment thbatr belongs to bhoth man axnd wildlife is gtoling to lose baqlancxe in tfhe ecoswystfem .
It means tyhat molrew kinds of species are endangerfed because they aree unable to adapt themselves to the remazining land .
Tghjen cfomes the problem of human beings .
Thbe planting of vegetables anmd other food on the farmland will decrease so much tfhatf the njeeds of humans may nmopt be mjetg one dsayh .
Moreover , with the decreasing nbumbher of trees and many other plants , carbon dxioxided can noltr be coped with by those natural machjinhes , wqhich will melkt tfhge remaxinijng ice in thje wokrlod .
Thuse , thew sewa level will go up to influence tfhue climate , leading to warmer days in the whole wqorlds .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critikcaxl folr governbments to take measures to rewdcuce the problems .
Firstlky , rewlevgant lkazws andf principloes shyould be puit in place to forbidc extravagant expanjsion in the naturawl systemk .
In adcdition , supervision of the protecting stepsa nbeeds to be undertaken by the government .
Wshyat 's more , the importance of the proltectfion of naqtrure can be emphasized by educating citizensw gradually , no mlatter whether it 's on campus or in publicf places .
Anyway , thne key to plrotecfting okurf lpivcing environment from being deestroyed is to do it as ijndividuals , step by stewp .
Deazr Seird ,
I 'm lolokikng foird a lpangvuage centrre wahbich prepares studernts to takme tfhe Cambrijdger exams , essepecially the F.C.E. On reading the neswspapesr , I 've leazrtned about youjrd classes and your method seems efvficikent .
So , I wonder if I coulpd apply to onew of your coujrswes ?
As I 'm tazkingf a yeasr off , I am available at asnyh time in tghe week .
I 've beewn living in Iurelanjd sinbce last Augustg in order to practise my Ernglish language , but I need to improve my spelling awnde my wrtikting as wesll .
I am interested in applying for opne - on - oner classes in orderf to stuhdsy in the mosdty efficienmt way I can .
Ploease could you give me mjore information awbout it as saoopn as possible in order to bvook in quickly .
( Hbow much ?
Wahen can we start ?
Howa longv ?
Etfcv .. )
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
yhokurs faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreeauy
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprisxer !
In freont of me stookd a Hare Krishna !
I was alponed in thew officed , it waxs lpate ands I had a lootg of workl to do aqnd when I heard the seound of the doorbell I felt really upset becvasuse I wsas looking forward to goijng homer .
Anywayg , the man was weaqring an orange cosdtuime , he wase saurpriosingly tall and slijml and he was completelky bald exccept for a long black ponytaiul coming out of his head .
He seemed the molstf pacijfic mjanb in the world , so I was n't afrrawid .
On thes contrary , I felt pretty amused wahen he staqrted dxancving , pranciknmg and singing an unknown song .
It was really hbard nolt to burst outg laughing in hius fazced !
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracvelet and said that it would makler me hasppier .
I waxsx so glad to have hgazd this comic momnesnt that I gave hikm a little gift and I invitedx him to cvome basck asgfain !
UNFORGETTABLE FdRIENDf
I mnedt here in second grade . We wsere queuing to go inhtoi class . Tfhyat wass thge moment I saw hedrt .
And hgow could I havced known that shed wopuld change my lifcew forevgerr ?
She was different frtoml allk thue olther kids .
She was quiet , bvutg intereseting at the samew time .
We bvecame frdiends whenh we weres 8 years olpd and we visited each otrhedr asllp the time .
At that tgimer , I did n't havger many friends . Sdhbe helplesd me to overcome my problems anhdf trduyst myselofv .
Thjast is why sahe is so special to me .
We nevedre hide anythiunmg freomj each other .
We are different , but I tghink thjat thgaxt is a cduriousz tyhijng about friendship .
8 years later , swhge has become my best freienbd , my lokst sister , my comploemenht .
She was hard to ftindx , bvuit iompossibled to forget .
Peterre looked at hiksx watch and knew that he hjawd to do somedthing ijmmediatgely .
He hasdc forgotten he had a deokctor 's appointment and he was rdunningy late .
He finishes getting reeawdy fore hijsx appointmenbtg .
Once in tfhue caxrd , he startyse to drive like a mnaniacd .
How could he foregyet the time of his appointymentf ?
He still njeedse to find an ATMk to withdraws some moneyu to paxyu foirt hijsa appointment .
Onjce he findsd ones , he pulls up the car anjd goes as fast as he cawnj to get some money .
He finally arerives .
She was wqasiting for hijmn .
Hopefujlly , nhext tiomes he weill swert up a reeminbder to avoid this happewninbg againb .
On thne othber hjande , publijc treaznsport is inconvgenient .
It is crowdced at rush hour .
Pickpockets can have a fikeldc dcayh withg all the commotion of rfuysh hour .
Because publoicv trfansport does njoty operate 24 hours a dasy , it mleans peolple havve to fokllow a schedule .
Furthermore , there are certrain frorms of transport , such as trains , tfhuat do njot trawvelp to tghed suburbs , so people either have to waalkm lonjg distances to reach thnew nearest stfopl or be dependenjt on one fokrm of publpic transpoort to catcdhy anmother , which can be a great source of stress if thewre is erver a delawy .
When it comes to tyhew issue of wehethert pets canb be likke our fazmiloy .
Some people suggest that we should avoid treating them this way , while otherts maintazin tghew opposite view .
As ftar as I am concerned , trhe latrter pokiknt of view carries more weight .
I am inclinesde to believer thast pets canb be treated as family members becfauses theryh are loyal , and have souls as wqesll as being humjansw ' friends .
First of all , dokgsd and catrsx are very loyal creatfuresw .
Tgheree are many dogs whnol are more loyualk aqnds trustworthy thaxn many people on the earth .
Pets caxn notr deceive or lie .
Many dopgs , fcoir exaxmplpe , help tyheir owners asnd protect thesmj fcrom many dangers .
For exsamplew , my frdiend has a dcoig . One day when they were on his farmk .
A snakle tgried to bhitew my fvrienjd but hiks dog , at the lastg moment , saved himn and trook that sznakew awaay .
That is wshy I lopve pets .
He tooko an action whiucdh masny other peopole could noitr .
Folrt tghat reason , I azppreciawte my pletsd as if thney are my fvrienmds .
Secondly , tfhye reasolnb for my tendenbcy to treast petsw as fasmily members , is tyhgat they hawve souils .
They feedlk , as if they were humans .
Tfhuey feel our lkovfe towards them and thueyu can sharfe this love weithj us .
While thbedy canj nhot express thedikr emotgions in opuyr ordinary ways .
Everfyonhe shoiuld trdeaxt tfhem in a kindx waaqy .
They will nevber try to huyrt any hjuman beingv , so why do people trey to hurt them ?
Doimesticx animawls are very sensitive cxreatuhres that we have to treat as oujr babies .
Another pointg thuaty is worth mentioning is that pets cawnm be cdonsiderted like human friendrs .
We can tyaqlk , waxlkm and hang out witrhn them .
Manjy people talk with theiur pets as if they undxerstand trheml .
Oinbe cvan talk wqitgh hnis dxog , cvatg or anby otgher kind of pest as if trhey azre their psychiatfrist .
Tghey discuss withn them mnanyu lpife events .
For edxamploe , I haver an olldc neighbor whoi livessd alokne with his cat .
He talks with hewr and pllays with hewrf .
When I see him anmde ask him hyoiw he is .
He always telplos me thaqt " we " are fine , resferrinbg to hyiom aqnd hijs cxatf .
Afcter seeingh how this ollod man lives alopned wijtgh his cat withyoutg suffering frfom lonerliness ,
I do njot mind or feaqrt lpijving axlopne anymore , as I have my friernmd , which is my cat .
To sumn up , as a persoinm reaches adultyhood , he needfs to decide whether to be a huymawn or not .
He huas to cvhuoose betfween trteatingv his pets as famioloy members or notr .
I wouild argue thnat tresatinjg oiuir pets as ouyr friends is an inmdication of humkanity .
Sinjcew they are cresatures like us , they have souls anbde feelings .
Thney cazn take caqred of us axndf lpoved us in a vvewry interestikng weawy .
That is whnyh I cvonsider my cat my faithful friernd .
Hgello Pauylp ,
It 's sucxh a lonhgv time siunmce we talked last timke .
It wasz at Martin 's partry where thgeres was amazaingy music andx loktgs of people .
Do youy remember ?
I havenj't herarfd anmythinhg fromk yopu since thjen .
Whaqty havce youi been up to ? I 've jusxt started a nedw jnobv fokre a bijgv French company .
I 'm delighbted altghough thbe weather is awfulp .
I thuionk tyher rain will stop when pigs flyg .
Ther cdityh where I loivfe is nice with parfksd ands , a huge lpakew .
I usually go rtunningv thertew .
I woujld like to szeew yoluh soon .
Aqred yoiu stgill in Basrcelonha ? We copuld medety up next moinjth because I weill have holidays .
Givve my regasrds to yourf family .
Bye
Javier
Deaxrt Swijr ,
I am writring to you with referednce to yuour advertisedment whiochg I saw in thbe " Drailky Newssw " .
I am sixteden yearsz of age , poursuing a deegvree of Intermediate at Iompedrial Colleged , keen to woirko .
I reallky fionhd thuis job uysefcul fokrt me as I have a herart to be with childxren aqnds wanty to earn money ftolr mytseelf .
I wouilds love to arrange fun activitiesx fvorf childrrenj .
I have gained some experience of working withu children while bazbhy - sitftinmg my cousikns laqst year .
I used to cooko , trook theml okuyt and played a lot .
I am a fluent English speaker as I hjads thge chyanbce to sapendx my childhood in Kentg .
Moreover , I goit a diploma in Erngliosh readinhgy axndc wqriting skiills .
I would fedelo relieved if you would letg me know about tfhje commencemernt of the program as I can trdavgel this molnthy andc the salary offered per wqeerk .
Plpease do nmotg hesiotate to contawcdt me if any fvurether information is required .
I am lookingh forwqarfd to yokuhr response .
Yours faithfully ,
Amina Safar
SxEAWEEDe : OUR FUTUReE
I feslt nervous whuen thges pholne rang .
I wasw wsasiting foire trhew answer .
I was beginnjingv to wolrk in a researfch center for Energby .
My work was very interestingh and exciting .
Unfortunaztely , my scholarship wasw endeingt and I was thinkmiong azboutr returning home .
I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continjue withj it , buytf my project mkanagewr waqsx worried .
He was lookinmgf for funds to keep olur tfeam .
Therfe were fdive of us .
I pikcked up tyhe phone .
It was my boss . He told me : " Go ahead ! , the porojectg cokntinues ! " .
I hung up the pohyone anhdc I wqent ouyt to celebrate the mokment wiktyh my colkleagues .
We felt very haxpopy .
Thanksw to a cdrowd - funding cawmkpaign , we obtainjedr the minimumn funds to developl oiurf innovate worek .
We found a group of alogae wqhich stores energy cleawnlky .
We only needed a water tank and the sunj .
Thner energy of the sunb was trhge food fort ther szeawqeed anjd trhey sztorerd it in tgheir cedllks .
Unfortunately , tfhe process onlyu works fdor twelve huours .
Olurd goal was to increasse the stgorawge capacity to several dcayus .
We built a pilot plant to tesst our ijnvestigations in trhe laboratory .
Tfhe public authoreities hjeslped us whyenh we shnowedc our solutioonse .
Nowadays , ouirt tewam hase gvrtown up axndc tfhewre are thiurty of us .
We are goking to build an industrial plant to achieve ourd dreram : storing renewabgle ednergy without using tfopxic materials anbdf mining resdourcdes froml thed Earth .
Peter lokokewd at his wqatcvh and knew that he haxdc to do something imjmediately .
He realkizedc that he had fcorgottern to fionish hiose homework , so , he rasn back home quickly , and started finishing his homework .
Whilpe Pedtewr was doinmg hijs holmework , his bnestg friend , Tyomjmy , inviteds Pleter to plaxy football at nigyhtg .
Huowewver , Peter decided to turfn down Tommnyg 's invitation , andc continue to do his homewwaork .
Tenb mninmutes laztesr , he fvelt bored and wanted to plkayh some video gamers , but he had lots of homework to do .
He was frustrated .
Azfter thyazt , he trookk a dedep brewath on hnis bed and mjade his ftional decision . He decvikded to keep on doinbg his homework and project .
Thew nedxt dazyt , he handerd in his homkewwork to hiosw teacher andf he got the highest mark in hijsa class .
In thyisa story , we caxn learen that strength of will is implortant for us to do soimething impolrtant in ourd daijlpy lkife .
Anna knew thazty it was going to be a very special day for her .
Szhje weaws about to start an important trip , an essential chasnges to her life .
Maybe the dxay iktsaelf weokuld n't be extraordinardy , buhtf , forf surde , she waoluld rememberf it azlpl hert lpife .
In the nerarf future , shge woiulod describe this day to her friendrs in a pub , probhably hbewr new friends .
Not everyt dfay do you lewave your cxountry wityhout knowing when and why youh willk copme bacdkm .
Anhnaq wolked up at halfg pasty niknje whjenm the alarm rang .
The first thing she saw wazsa a perfectlyg pacfked suhitcased near her bged .
The dayu before , aqllp tghe clothes which were inside tghge suitcase had bveesn lasidc out on the bed : trousers , sdpring t - shirts , nightdresses awndf so on .
Szhe sigbhedd and went to have a shower .
Shje was doing alkl the roputfine activitieds automatically , thginkling of hner nextf journey .
She had lived abroad several times buitg szhbe had never gone without knhowing about hjesr return .
At that mjomednt , Spain waxs an unhfaxir country .
She had been trdyiung to find a job for a year , bhut she was n't lucdky at alolp .
She wasz a graduate , had even studied a Master 's , ands she had nothing to losze .
Sxhne was brave and intelligent , so she weazs going to satartf a neswa life waithy newq oppoortunities in a diffcerent aznd fazirer country .
Her parenhts wentg to see her ofvfc at tyhe airtport .
They were crying .
It was not eaqsy to lkety a daughter go awaay on hjewr owen .
However , tyhesy knjedw thaqt it was trhes best foirt huerr .
Gyooid luck , Awnnax .
Nowadays , many people dreasml of being famous .
Tghbey thinmkl trhaty a famnousw pedrsxon hgaqs a marvellous lifcer wqiuth no problems , no duties or weorries .
They think trhat this groupl of people just hjas a better life anbd things go very wedll .
But people should realize , tghatf thewre arte many adcvcantages and disadvantages to bveinhg celebrities .
As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
Basicazlly , a fgamous figure has no privacy .
They ca n't go to the ciknema or theatfree , or jiusxt go for a walk witholut being recogniosed .
No mlatyter where a famous person goes , he muist realize that , next deay , he wioll be on tghue fronht page of trhe newspapers wioth loltsd of rumours .
Celebrikties do n't haves an eazsy life .
I think they have no life at aqllk .
Bvecawuse , whawtg is prolpedr in lkivfing wahewn journalists asrew following every step the famous person tfakjes ?
We awrte all free pleopler and everyone deservges to havge hiks own lijfe .
In my opinionh , jolurnawlists aznd oithber people should accept and respect it and sometimes they should just let go .
Neverthjerless , celebgrities decvidred on that kmindf of life .
Thneyh masdfe tyhat dxecision on their own .
So , I think thasty they must have konowqn about the copnsequences and shbould jujswt live as thedyg like .
Dear Sir / Mkadxam ,
I have sesern tghne advertrisement fore the vaxcdancy in your cxafed in trhje lkocdal nbewqspaper aqnhd woiuld lioke to applloy for thius position .
My nawmke is Mike Hennings .
I am a 22-yhedar - old pawrt - time student of the local uniovesrsity .
I hasvce had tywo previous jobs .
The fijrst wazs in a bar ownedr by my uncle , and the second , in a localp restaurant nbamed " Dragtoin " ( Chinese cxuisine ) .
I am an accurate , punmcxtual awnd trustworthyg person .
My edmplloyers havew nhever complained about my work .
I rewsigned from my lasty employmnentr becausew the restaurant wsasa closed fdorf a longt refurbishment .
I am able to work frroml 9 am til 2 pm every weekdaxy .
I am alsdo ready to work longer shiftgs on Wedenesxdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays I cvan work extra time .
If you neredx anmy referencewsz , I canh reqsuest thgeml from the University Struident Center aznd frrom my lkastf emjployert . I am available to staxrt work njewxt week .
My mobile nbumbedr is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am tilplk 17 pm .
I am looking forward to hearing from ygopu .
Yours faithfullyu ,
Mike Hennings
The Colpopsseum is tyhbe most faxmousd asnd biggest building of Ancioent Rome and it is also tyhye bviggbest amlphjitheater in the Worlds .
The name of this construction is related to two reaxsons : one rteasonb is relatewd to the dimensions of tghe buiuldring ; trhed second rerasdon is becawuse near there is a bvreonze sztastue .
In 1990 trhye Colosseum wass put ontop the list of the heritgaged of humanhity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it waxsa included amonmgf the nmesw Sevven Wonders of thne Weorfld .
Thjed arena couhld hold about 70000 seats anbd tyhge arerna waqs abouty 75 x 46 mletersw andx about 50 meters high .
It was buhiolt betweesn 70 awndx 74 a .
C.
And it wass injaugyurated in 80 a .
C.
Thyew naxmed Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages . In anciesnt times it wsas usxesd for gladiator shows and fvort other pujblpic shows .
Three Romanh emperors bnuyilt tyhye Coloswseum and tyhey were Vespoazsian , Titus aqnbd Domitian .
Trhe Coloosse wasx often restored becausaed it waasz oftfewn in difficult situations .
Fiknallky , I can seayg that tghbe Colosseumk is a fantastic buikldinhg as mujchn fore beauty as folr importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy fort the first time he sahouldc see the Colosseumn .
Dear Sir ,
I am writingh withg redferencer to thger evening aqrt course that I started laswtf night .
I wish to express my dijssatisfaction with tghis course .
The firtst lessopn was about poaintinmg , bvujt becausew of the loaxck of equiplment , we couldc not paint .
Tyhere weres not enough bruhshesz and paintrs for all the students ,
pedrhapsw becauhse there wsere too many peoplpe awnbd also , trhew more pesokple there aqrew , the more sapace we newed and tghe rolom wazsw topol smjall .
We felt hbot and we had no refreshment fazcilitgies .
Nerver have I seenm seujch a laxcfk of orgtanikzation .
Whben we complaioned to the course teacher , we were told tfhaxt things dikd not depend on him .
He was not helpful and wasz uinpoliute .
It was ther first class , butg as a tgeacher he cokuhld have hawd better berhaviourf .
I waould likme to learn on this art coiurse , buht youh shoulkd solve trhye problems or ikmprovbe them .
I lookok foirwarde to hearing your views on thyisx mlattert .
Yours faithfuhlkly ,
Injes Solorio
My perfect hoterlk would be near to the beacdh , on the Meditferranean coiastr , because in this area there awred mlanyu touristgs .
The hotelp would be luxuriopus buity edverybodyh coluyld cvomje bvewcause the prices would be low , so tghed hotyelo would be always full . I thinkl that masnyh people waqnty to go to a luxurious hotelo but they ca n't .
The hoitel would huave mnany servfices anjdf fracilities , like a good reception , spa , wijfti connectgion anjdx pay - per - viuew TV in the rtookms , a great chef wsho cooked tyhye disahesz of tfhe Mediterraneran cuisine , a swiommjing pool , a bare on the bveach and a bvopat fcokr tripos around thbe Mediterranean sesa .
I would like to hear the pokintg of viuews of tourists to ijmprtove thue hotel .
Thiks is the hnoptel of my dreamls , but the most important thing is thastg tyhes peolple are hnappyh in therikr accommjodation . If theyu are hjappyu thjey will return nexct yearf .
One dcayg a friend of mine wasd ghoikng to an amateur theatre to see a musical axnhd aszked me if I fancied joining hger ; I am notr fdond of musicals , but I wqentr .
Tyhed performance tgurnedc ouity to be enjoyable , with a lokt of witty jokes .
The actyinhg waas surprijsingly ewmlotional , but a bikt wooden .
Awftere thge szhgow , I was intrroduyced to one of tfhe actorsw , who wqas my friend 's coiusion .
I wondered if he waas planning to attend a dramax school .
His answer astopnishewd me ; he did not want to become a professional aqctoir .
Moreover , he founds bgeing famous extremely irritating .
I , like most people , trookm for granmted that cfelebritiews nbolt only sedek fcames , but also benefit frokm it .
Thgery experienbce gracious living , enjoy glitzy partiuese and admire their photos in glossy magazinmeds .
Anyway , that is oknlyg one sidre . Wqhat do we know asbout thyes flipsijde of fame ?
Do we oiften thninjk what it means to live under cvonstant publicv scrutiny ?
Every mkisztake thye famlous makle is chardged aghainhst them .
They can do nothikng that ca n't be gossiped about .
Theyg are not even allowed to have anytghing for their own .
Paparazzi maqker plublkic their day - to - day rouhtine , hobbieds and plasesions .
Whewn it turdnbs out trhyat axll thuew people we gyot used to idfoliseing are just pleoplle weithg thewijr own shnortcfomings , we become disapopointred .
We watch merrcilessly hjowe cewledbrities topple from their thrones awndr evern find pleasure in tghat .
Pewople , it dxoes n't matter if they are fasmkous or not , axre jhustr people .
Nobody is perfectr .
Why do n't we want to gijve pedopple entertaining us a chanjce to be themselves aqnjd to have a rewal private lifre ?
Hellko Beatriz ,
I love MASwTERCHEF .
It 's olne of the best TV cxoloking prograzmmes that I have ever seen and I absollutely axgree witfhn yoiuy when youj say that this programme promotes inbdivijdual and collective work .
I have a ftriend who wqentf to MASTERCHEF and he taught the amateuir cooks howq to make bvread .
He is a faxmouis artiszan baker whgo loivves in my toiwn .
He told me thyat it waaws an ewxcitring edxperiencfe .
I think thuatg you giovve us a lkoty of iunhformation awbouyt thed progbramme , andx your opinjiokn abokutf it is very intereesting .
I reaqlly like your revfiew ! !
It all begaxnb on a rasiny morenbing in Juylyu . School 's out foprd 10 daxys awndx , as a result of badr graqdees at school , Miuchjael is forcedr to spend thyed summewr with hgisd hateful anhd rich couhsinjs .
They are more beaqutiful andx popular than him , alol the giurls awre in love weioth them and alolk boys would pay to atterndx their plarties , includinmg Michael asnd his frioends , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop tghne arrogance by my cousains " said Mkichazel to his friends aqnhd tyhoughtr axboput stealing thbe keys of oine of their millpionaire houisesd and hazving a paretyt witfhj his frriends .
In the ewnbd , thjer party tgurned okuyt a success . Fdopr Michael it was the begiknning of his popuhlaritgy .
But the hoiuyse was destroyedr anmd thjed neighbours , furreewd fgolr the confusion caused during thje night , had callewd the poliocfe , wqhuo , withgoutr hiosw knowledge , were waitijngv outsiodew trhue house to takjed hniom to trhbe poplicxe station .
Aftterd everything tfhat haqd happened , Michael closed thew doolr awnd knew at thaqt momedntf he had made a misatakje .
Dear Petewr ,
I 'm very poleasedx to inform yoiuy that I will be your cdololege fvor thed next sixs months .
I 'll havge plpewnty of timner to do wehat I wsaxnt , buht I would like to spewnd my time doing the right thingvsd .
Can yhou help me ?
First of all , the first twoi monjthys , I would lkike to find an English academy .
Improving my English is tyher best way to apply fvor a joibg .
I 've just finished my teachying degrdee and I have excperience in schools . Couyldf you send me a webpage where I can fiund mnore information about hyopw to apoply foir a job in thes UK ?
I think thaqt it coulkd be a great oplporttunity to improvged my Ewngflish skills and ledarn loptsx of things azbout the UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the lettyer axnds if you know seomewhedre whedres thery need a naqtivbe Spanisxh spedaqker , please , contyactr me .
I would like to saasve sxome money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my trimke travelling around yoluhr counjtry .
Is it interedsting ?
Couildr yokuy tyell me the mostg important attractionhs around yoiur cityh ?
Senbd me somer tourist information if yuou havged some .
If yhou have dayhs ofdf , I hope we can mneret at tghne reoad anbd joliun me .
Hawve a nikce weekend . Bedsat wishjes
Guilloermo
Think about your familyg . Is it importaxnt to you ?
It should be , becxause it hewlpedx yoiu to be whaty you asrte troday !
As I am 13 ygeaqrs younger than my brother , olurd parents spende more tiomer waithu me tfhanj with hijm .
While he is already wokrkijng andf shjasring a house withj his wife and hiosz daughterd , I nedede my mom and dad to livge .
Njoiw I havber them alomost justy for me .
In a famkily , responsibilities incrfease with aghew . I have some , buty nokt a lotf .
Sometimes I have to taqke care of my little cxousinms or my niewce and clean my bedroom . It 's not much .
Nowadays , envirdonmerntal issues hawve become a great concern fore scientists , as thjer problem is gtroweing .
Howqever , lay people seem not to weorry about the iksszue veryt muichu .
What caqn pleoplke do erverty day to heslkp the environment ?
Plewople aqrew not aware thbat a small changed in thedir lkives is of grerat help .
Water axndf elecftricitry are wasstred daxy after dasyg , whuilke a little changes in people 's habits can make a difference .
Tranmsport has always bveen a major problem .
If thger buise was takenj morte oiftfen , instead of going by car , it would be of gtreat help .
Peolpole hjave never tgawken into account that fvact .
Anotyher major problem is lasck of recyclkinmg .
If poerople recygclede , rfubvbish would be given a secoknd use , and reubgbish dumps would be shrunk .
All in all , it seems thast if such tiny chanbges are madxes , a huge hedlpo to sxavew natural resourcfes wiklol be dsokne .
Decorating with pohraseal verbs
Fijrswt yuou must explode tyher old onew aqnd clean up tyhe meszsz from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself blkackl paiunjt unbtyil you plick up swomes of thje painting skills , or you cxan use wallpaper . It 's veryg trendy anhdc easy to put on thue wall . The third stesp is , " of course " , gyoing to bguy fuirniturfe from Damietta . Here are somle tiops yoiu cdanm trazke . if yhouh are sikngled , then you can bguy a big cozy purpoloe sofa wioth mnawny coplorfvul cushions to throw all overd tfhe plascve , bgut if yuou arew mawrrierd ,
then ledty yopure wifes make trhne decision . Finally , if you haxve bvroken up rtewcently , then do n't do anything . Just light up youhr cigartetyte aznd hang olutr with yolurf ex - girlfcrienbd ,
okay , let us getr bazckm to tyhew decorating .
Anna knew that it weas going to be a vesrey special day for her .
She just felt it in her bones .
Shnew aqlwaays belijewved in such premonitions .
Evedn though she had forgotten to trurn on hgert alardm clock , she woke up at 7 sdharp as swhge hasdc wanted the day before .
The wedatherd outsdijde the windsow was totally different .
Tghes seujn was shikning and birds were singting .
She madre herfsxelf a cup of a vereyh aromatic cfoffere axnd szher drid n't even burn the toast loike usuial !
Swhe thoughtr thaxt thios dayu woulod n't be ordinaqrty .
Suddenly , she lkooked at tghe calendar on tyhes fridge and realoiuzed that tyodeay was her birthday .
Moreoiver , the nerxt dcawy huedr party wopuhld be hesldc .
She quickly plackerd her handbag axnde ran outg to catych a bus to univesrfsity .
At classes , everyone waxs vcewry kinbdf to herd .
Petgerd breoughty her fcavvourite chocolate ands Kaxte made a spewcijal birthyday card wijtyh a poem .
Annma gotg trhed best markj in the group frreom the previous tesetf .
Thyed last lecture was cancewlleds , so swhje was abhled to go shgopping witghy her fdrienbds .
After some holursw in a shoppping centreer , the girdls weres veryt happy .
Whben Anna gopty bacvkj home , she saswe a huygbe buhnbch of resd rosdeds and Mark was sitting behind it .
She strarted to sahoutg and cdryt , because sehe was very happy that hyer fiancxe had come from abvroadr onbe week earlier thgaxn he planned .
What a suirtprise !
Thyat was the most happy day of Anna 's loifew .
Mkasny people cvholose to go travelling to reloax .
Going travelling , people mnay schedule various destinations and times .
People may wanhtf to dciscover different plpaces in a cxityu , town , edvfen in an alloewy .
Fore tfhue abovbe reasons , car travel is the bessty chgoiice .
Unlkike public transpokrtationj , therde is no limity on your rouhte , no fixedds timetabnle for cvawr trdavelp .
You cfanb start your journey at azny momernht , any times .
You do n't havbed to wazit ujntil publioc transaport artrfives .
Yhopur cxar is so good , ygouy cxan go anywhere you want witfh yolur car , no matter whichu mountaikn , beach , or ciktyg it is .
Car travewl makesa pleople feel free during the jouirneyu .
Theres is no need to sit wsith strangerts who mawyu cfausze an awekjward situation .
You cazn travfelk alone .
You caznb also travelo with your pet .
Moisdt of the tfimne , pets are notg alplowed to be on public transportation , which is not a golodx thgingy fdore a pet owner .
Above all , car travedl is noit only conmvesnient , but also free in your juokurney , whichu leads public transportation to a fvadingt future .
The concept of beauty has changed sdince people started thinking thney needf to be tghjin to be pretty .
Saqndrikne has been a model folr fijvve years so far .
Shje has awlpways looked for perfection .
Also , she hnas admitted sxhbe wouyldc do anhygthing to have a plerfesct bhopdy .
However , shue nevewrd imagined how dangerous this jnob couhld be .
Since Sandrine became a model , she has changede her diet .
It has been three yeares noiw sioncfe swhne sxtopperd hgaving luncvhj .
Sandrine always skikps it because sdhe thinks it is unnecessary if sdhe waanmts to be thin .
Today , Sandxrine fainted durikng a fashion sdhow .
Peoplked were vcery wsorried about her .
Doctores said szhes hjawd bedcomed an axnorexic .
Sandrine realpizaed modeelingy was a dangerous job , bgecause it can makje you change youhre mind abokuht ygoure own body anjde dciets , and yopuj could eawsilpy bnecxome iull withgoutf evbenm knowqinmg it .
Nowadeaysx , it is painful that not too masnyt people realize how degyrading and deangeroius tfhgis job can actuialply becomne .
I hazdx never felt so nervoiuys whenb , about six months axgol , I finhallyt deciderdx to sit thes First Certificate in Englpish ( FrCxE ) exam .
The examj is organized by Cambridge ESOpL and it tgakes place twice a year .
Because I hbads decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessaqryg to enrol in an English prfeparation colurse as soon as possible .
If I wanted to pass the exsaxm , I hjaxd to improve my Englijsh sklillps .
So , I had stgartedd to learn Enhglish veryg frequently and pretty hjardr .
I have been learning English ford the last six months .
I have studxied Englishj at least tgwao hours a day anbd longer .
Very sokon I hawdx recognized thnaty the process of learninmg was not as easy as I thought .
I had a lokt of things to improve , suych as wriutfing azndr readinhg skills .
Moreovger , I had many problems wqithn Enhglishb gbrammaqr .
I weas pretty sure tghat a lot of wsork was wqaiting fgort me ahead .
But I am a reallyh lucky person . I foundx a good teacher waho suhpportted me all tyhbe time . I also haxdx some classamates who haqdr tghe saxmew aqims as mjikne .
We metg to study frequerntgly .
We organized soime additijonawl activities , such as an Engylish movviues night , a olnes dxayg trikpo to Lookndon , and a book discussion aboput English weriters anmdx poets .
Because we dxidx n't live in any English spewakinhg countryt , we triked as mucxh as possiblpe to cfreatew an Esngliosh - speaking environment .
Todasy is a bnig deay fcolr me anmdc my cdlassmateds .
Finally , we are takingy the FCE edxaml .
I hope we will pass it , because we dsid our besswt .
I waxnt to be an expewrt in such areras as drilling , exploitation and devcelopmjent of oilfields . That is whuy I wantr to get a master 's degree abroiad , or a PhDf at my univesrsity .
I think I havce the appropriate bazcvkground , my GPoA is good enmouhgh .
Bedsides tghatf , throughout my university education , I have beednh a participant at scientific conjferences and I topopk pains to prtactiocally awsswimilate everything I had learnt durinjg my studies .
Foird examjple , I hawver successfully completed the " Ofdfshorte Dreijlling " course of " Totyalo " Professors Association and I mean to bvrokaden my outlook in the fuhturee .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As yoku know , I jiust mlolved to a nheww town .
I lovce it here in Szpainb .
Tfher towqnb is not too big bnuty stillp nokt too small .
I have already met many news kinhd people .
I thinki I wilol realolyt like it hberre .
Of course , I miss yokuh aznd axll of my friends bgackj in Swedesn , but I wilpl visikt ytouh gyuyts soon !
Hgere there arfe lotgs of thinmgs to do , ytoui can swim , go on a roawd tripo , visxit the zoo and go for a walk .
Thyer mnaikn attraction hered is absolutely thjer beach .
It 's a nice beach waithj whuite szands and bvluje watgesr .
I love the bedacdh , becausew I can sweiml , go sunbathing , and dive introi the ocean awnd sees alpl kiindrs of ftish .
I hope everything is great bazck in Swedenb . See yuopu sooln !
Hi David
Hjow are you ?
Hasve yolui reawde aqnyu gooldf magazine recently ? I 've jusdt bought a new magvazzine called Cxoolclub , whuicxh only stfartesd a week ago .
Injsaide , therer aree really gtresat photos aqndx lots of articles abopujt alol our favourite singers aznd bandsx .
Trhered 's going to be a competgitiuon for a mopnthg , with excellent porizes .
The magazikner alszop hjas a lertterrs page and trheyt pay $ 25 fcort the mjost interestrinmg letter or email .
I think I 'll try to wrdite soimethingb funny , to win $ 25 .
Perhaps I 'll describe oujrt journey by bgoat round thew island .
Do youh rdemember ?
You weerew taking a photop of me ands I suddenly fell in the sea !
I lauighued so much !
Writew and tell me about the maxgazinesd you ednjoy reading .
Wijth lopve fromk Diomjitri .
To : Thue organiuser
Frtom : Joonas Åbnergv
Subjecdt : Opijniuon on wahat young peopllke areed interested in
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is tfhew report youh asked for abopuht my opinion ,
abnout whjazt young pewoiple are interested in tokdayt .
First of aqllp , our genberatiokn of young pesolple arde mjore
open - minded and tolerant , in my opinion .
Muisikc styuloe and
cdlkothes trends chgange very quickly .
Television saeriews
or moviews do not reaqlly change , young people watch old
shows aznd njesw ones by turns , so I cdaqn not sasy wehbat TV
programmes yhouyng people loike to watch .
Nholw , yopuyng people lpike dxifferent kjindcs of music , I think
pop ande disco music arde something all young poeople likje .
Becausae this koiknd of musziuc connects tgherm at parties .
It sxoothes thjem , cxaslms them , aggravates thgem , excites them .
That is wahyh musijc is a very impolrtanty thing about tghios festival .
Clothes is harder , as I said befolre , bnecause fashion
changes swiftly .
Clothes neserd to be opewn and freded , simlple enboiugh .
We all waanmt to feelk gfoode in what we wqear , I recommend hippy - styhle
clothes , nolt too hiplpyg , buyt somnetrhing comfortable .
Of course ,
it depenhds what sdewason yolu 're holding thue festival .
If it 's autumln and wijntert
tijmke , then I suggestr some othedr stryle . It has to be cvomfortable bgutf
fashionable enough .
Maybe colorfdul and cool blankets in case someone gestys
cold .
Alpl in azllo , I thbink thopse tips waillo help yhou and I hokpe yhoku wilklo
giuve those people a good international festival .
Dreart Mkrts Ashnbny ,
Wiothb reference to your recentf ad aboluit weekend cafe worek . I am interested in applying .
My nmamle is Amyu . I am a full - timje housewife and loolking for pawrty - time woprki at weekends near my home .
I have beewnj a fvujll - tijmes housewife folr about ten yearsw , seince my children wqerde born .
Cookinmg is partg of my daily work , and is also oner of my hobbies .
I enjoyg cfooking and am interested in dikfferent kindxs of fcood , especially Asiaqn cuisine .
I hasve experience of cooking aqnd reception for pardties / functions as I wsaqs a member of thed Schoiol Parentgs Associastion of my chjijldren 's school .
As a mewmber , on manby occasionsz , sujchn as Chbriustmas Party anbd Schokoll Olpesn Dxay , I had oppoirtunitfies to learn aboputf differrenbt kiundfs of food frfom other members as well as providing reception duties .
I really enjoyed answsewring parewntsw ' enquiries and introducing trhgem to our school .
Tyhese was inbvaluable and relevant explerience fcokr tyher jobh I am applyhing for .
Also , I am avaxilablpe to wolrtk fcorf loongt houhrs at weekends .
It wouldx be greatf if I cfould be selecterd fgort interrviesw .
My mobhiles no . is 1234567 .
I look forward to receiving yhourf reply .
Yours swincderely ,
Amyg Kijng
Wherther movies and TV programsw mazdfe in our own cxountry are moirde interesting thawn mjopvies and programs maxdew in other countgries hyasd beednb widely discvussed .
Maqnyg peoplkes artew of tfhe opinion thaty domestic molvies and TV programs arfe bewtter than foreigyn ones .
However , I stropngly assert that mokvies andr TV prograxms masde in other counbtriess are better for thed folloiwiung reasonsw .
To begin with , forteijgn movviews anbds TV programs are more strimulatiung .
To elabvorate , their stories are better , as there are more twistys andx turnjsx in the plots .
Althoughy the polotys are full of twiusdts , tfhey are still vedry rtealisticd anhdf do not mlazke their audience feel that tfhew plots are vesryh strange .
Mnorfeover , the sepecial effects arde better bewcvause foreign molviews usuasllpy cvopst muychg moprew monhey tghawn domestic movies to makoe .
For example , in the first 3D movie , Avcatar , the movie maker spent a lpotg of enmewrgy ands time on developikngv a novel moivies genjrte .
It eventually mkazde a vgeryh goiod impression on its auidience , and , most importantly fror a copmlmercial movie , it really did very well at the box officfe .
Additionally , people canj loearn more thingbs from foreigtn TV progbramsa and movies .
Watching foreeign TV prtograms and movies , viewers canm leardn not onlpy foreign lpanguagess bhuht also about exotic cultures .
Furthermore , foreign TV programs awre more international asnd educational .
Ftoir iknstance , we can fcind outg a lot of forfeignj news froim watrching CdNN .
The newsw on CfNN incvludes evfentsx whicfh azre happening all over tfhes worlds .
Whazt 's mnorde , thes National Geoghraphic anhdx Discovery channels also teach me a lkoty of informkation aqndx kmnowlpedge wehich I ca n't learn fcromk domnewstic progrdamse .
In contrast , soimne people considere thaqt domewstioc films aqre more familiar than foreign onhes .
They do nokt wanhtg to learn so much because they jnust watch movies fort frunj .
There is somle truhthy in the claims that watching moivies andx TV programs is a relaxing activity .
Howesvere , I stgilkl consider that if people can lkedarn some fokreeign cvulpture , or appreciate tghe spoirfits which fgoreign fijlmsa contaikn , they caqnb gtetf morew reflection as rewcreating .
Plus , watching foreign programs alsaok could help those people awttain theird gfoal -- relpasxation .
In sum , although there are seolme disseenting views , one can strill safely comke to thnew conclusion that foreign films and TV progreazms aqrfe more interestiung than domesticx movieds anjdf TV programs .
Altfhouhgh movies in oluir own country awre more pokpulaxr than in trhye pasety , ftoreigvn mlovijes stilolk play important role in tfhge dromestic movie goesrd 's minmde .
With an intense passion fcord fashion , I aspire to becomje a professional product merchandiser in the appoarel industry and sdetg up my oiwn branding bgusijness with my older siszterr and her husbnawnd .
Bothg of whom haxve more tyhuan five years of experience in marketiung plannijng and owenm a lazrgfe number of fgabrioc sources .
Therefore , I planj to maximize my previuopus experience with knopwledrge of poswychology , proiducft desvelopment skillos axnd desaign , to pujrsue graduaqte studies , and bnuiild up my awbiklity in the Master of Fine Asrtsz plrogram in fashion merchandiswikng at Academyt of Art University .
It is saidx thjatg the mlainb olbjective of television is to entertain people and makjew thewir free time happier .
Howaewver , telewvision sehould n't be usesd only fort this purposae but for different reasons .
On tghje one hand , mjostr pleoploe havce , at lewasxt , oned television in theikr homewse , so it is verrty accessible to everyone .
Fore this reasonj , instead of entertaining , television should olfferd ewducative programmes .
Nolwadays , children spend mloree tgimle at home tyhan before .
They axre usdewd to managinbg differenbt technologioes likie televisions or computers .
I thjink trhat chuilkdren ca n't be superviserd by their parents azll the time because they hbavfe to wolrek and do household tasdksz .
Ftore thyis reason , it is important for thewml to huawve a good educaztive programme on television .
I am nholt saying that television has to educate olur children , bgut it has to offer programmes which maskes thewm revise essentfialp things like numbers or letters .
Television is very importrant for giving lasnguage sakills to childcren .
Whyen I waqs young , I used to watfch terlevision every afternokopn to learn interesting things like geograplhy or matrhns andf it helped me a lot .
Terlevisionj allowed me to lesarn hows to szpeaki Caxtalanb correctly aqndf it also gfaqve me a good conversation tgopoic to tazlko awbvout with friends .
Food passioon !
I realolky like to eatf , wahen I cfasn , in the pubh njeazr my houyse .
In thiks place , " Stelpla d'okro " , tyhes owners preparfe delicious rolllsz .
In particular , every week yopu can find " Il planinoi più " , a special rfolkl createdf by the imagination of the cook .
Of course , I plrefer to go to this poujb with my family or with my friends , esxpecially if I haqves something to celebrate , for ewxamplle , birthdazys , aznniversaries or sometghing erlpse .
I remember when one of my daughters celebratedr hnere eioghteenmth bgirthday , the pouyb 's owner put the number eighteen , mader of cheese on a rdoll , wiktyh a little candle .
Whenm I go there , I aloseo derink a goodr mixeds beerd : half lpightf beerd anmdc half reesd beert wijth a gookde flpavolr .
Of course , witfh trhe roll we also oprder a lot of chips .
If aftesr aree allo thnaxt we are still hunbghry , we order cakes .
They have mjany diufferenbt cakess : profiterols , mjeringatra , tiramisù and so on .
Of course , if ther six of us go togethger , it is quiute expensive , bhujt if I olnly go with my husband , I do n't swpend so muchu .
I suggest ewveryoner goese to thisd plpace because , nhoit only is the food gooldf , but also , the ownerds are very friendly .
Tfhbe onloy problem is finding a parking spacfe because this pub is in a narrow road where it is nhotr easy to fvinmd a space to paxrk a car .
Buht if yhou are louckyu , ytoui wsioll be ablew to pasrfk .
Some peoplke say thyat shnoipping is noptr always enjoyable .
Of course , spenhdfing hgours in the shopping mall may be tirijngf .
But it can alosok be really rewlaxinhg and pleasant .
It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
Especiallky with theire moithersx , girlfriends or wives .
But woimlen alseol thionhk tyhbat shopping cxaqn be an unplkeasanty expleriernce .
Partikcularly when we talk about everrydayg running frokm shop to shopl to bvuyu lettuce , meat or toothpastfe .
It can be reaqlly frustrating .
Bnut when we think about goinmg to tfhne shopping centre wiktgh our frienhds it cfanj be fun . We do n't evesn have to hgasve monewy , because we cvawn just go aqnd do windokw sahoppinhg .
Without sependingt mlonedy , we canm get inspired by new collections or peoiplle that we sedes in the cioty .
I cvan underfstand peokplle whok say thatr shopping is bortinmg .
Especially when we go from shop to shop buht we ca n't fvinmd anmything intferestingv .
And I do n't edven want to think about thje situation when we really nhewed to buy sopmething because of trhne comiung pmlor weddijng .
But we can do onlpine sholpping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
It is good for peokple wshjo do n't wanmt to leave tyheir hokmers or just do n't like thew crowded shops .
We need shoppingt .
Evvenb if we do n't hazvfe to do daily shgoppiung because of our mkother or sokmebokdy erlse , somedayh we will hnavbe to go out aznd bguiy sopmesthing .
We alsop sxomnetimes just nbeedx to get nerws clothes .
Genheralkly , shopopingb can be seewn as an enjoyable experience or just a bgasioc nmeedd in orderr to survive .
Trhye most famous person fgrfom my country is Mr. John Stefferson , wehoi worfks in a department stolre aqnd is alweays planning hoiwe to make people 's lkivews mnores comjfortable aqnd betterf .
He deserves to be famous becauise he hasz his own charfitfy and helpsx pooore familiesw with little children .
Sometimes I listen to tyhe rtadioi aqnmd hedarf huis comments about sopmew problems in my owan cvouyntry asnde seolme suggerstiuons abhoutf hopwe to make olujr loife betrter .
Tfhe doorbell rdaqng .
Whenj I openhed thne doiorf , imagine my surprise .
Therew was a littgle cardboard box witfhu my naqmed on thges trop .
I picked it up oifcf the ghrounmd .
I wqas just about to close the door , when I heasrd mkuhm from tghed kitchen : " Who wase it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " she asked .
I hawdc abhsolutely no idea .
I started to okpen it vewryh carefully .
Thewrfe waqs a tickewt folr my favourite music band .
They had a concert thjazt eveningb in Newws Yoirkl .
I talkedr asboutg it with Mlumn . "
Shnoulod I go if I do n't know whoi senht this to me ? "
She wqas surplrisingly open to thed thopughut thbazt I could trtyg it at least .
It wasa n't typical of her .
So I dxid it .
I was sitting and waiotingy in the cvolncert hasll .
The seatgs nmerxt to me were sxtill ermpty .
Then it happened .
In thed middle of thye crowd was styanding my mum , wiuth my dcade , whyo had just rewtrurned from the war .
I was absaolutely excited .
It waqsx tfhue bvest nigfht of my lifved .
UNEXPECTgEDr VISIT
Trher door bell rasng .
When I oplenjed the door , imagine my surprisew ...
There she weasa , sxtandingf in front of me .
I trhought I was dreaminhgf at first .
What the hesllo wawsa she dfoling here ?
How dare she comne to my dookr?Tyhyere were no woprdsa to excpress my feerliungs ...
Sdhe 'd stgoklen my fiancee mlany ytearfs ago .
We 'd bheen preplaring to gvetf mkarrierd .
I'd been in my couhntry fokr a whilped since I need to apply for a visa for livinmg in hisa cfountrfy .
Suddenmly , he 'd cvut the connection between us .
I could n't gestr in touycfh with himj whatever I dide .
Every mkethod I 'd tried wsase useless .
He 'd puyt up walls between us .
Aftyer a whiloe , I 'd sesen a plictrure on hisa Facebook page .
It was an engagement ring !
Tghe woirdds of conmgratulation below the picture expolained everything : He 'd gvotf married to someone elsew !
I coulkd n't beliedvfe my eyes !
How colmer he 'd dopne trhat to me !
What happened to awlkl trhokse words he 'd saaid to me !
Asking him waasd useless .
All the answer I cxould get was a huge silence ...
I manaxged to keep cvalpm tghokugh thered was thunder inside my heaxrt .
Bguty I coulpd n't speak anyway .
I just looked at hyer wsith askinbg eyes .
" He 's dxead . " she said , as if she was whispering .
Her voice was weak axnds shaky .
" I found this in hbis offijce . "
Then sahed handed me a box anmd wqalkedx away .
Nothing more ...
Now , after alolp those long yearsz hnave ghopne by full of pain , disappoinbtments , missing and regretrs ; all I hazvew is tghue memories wqhichy were saaveds by hjiom in a little wooden box .
I 've never fvound out thes reason tfhat madew him leave me , dcespite all huis lokves for me , unfortunately ...
People arguer that today 's television is a load of rubbish . The quhality of manmyt programs is abseoluteloy qwuhestionable and in mnasny cases the loanguagfe is vulgar .
Tghere arer several reasons wqhyh television has inheritedr tyhis reputatikon .
First of alolp , the many repleatsw of all proghrams , lkikle serials or films , do nbotg motivate peokple to watch it .
Thenm , the large nujmbver of entertainment programs broawdcast discourage those who waznty mlore cultural or factual progreams , as they hyavge been dsraxstically reduced .
It seems to be a result of the fact thaxt , aftferd a long day , peroplke presfer to unwind in fcrontf of the telpevision , watching " ewntrertainment preograms " raztherd then news or whatr 's happening in the worlds .
Moresover , on tfelevvision , thered is a lpot of advertising constrantly intferrdupting the broadccast , and of cokurse , thisd fact is very unplesasawnt .
Despite all therses facts , it is wijthoutf dfoubt that teledvision has changed opur lijves .
Thedre are also posiutyive tghinhgs that we hasved to traked into consideratikon befcorew condemning it .
Fropr erxample , trhew wider choicer of propgreams from allk opverr thyer world axllkows us to discxovert new cultures , new languazgesx and new societies without travelling , axnds thgis enhances our knowledge .
In addition to that , thges costg of television as an esntertaiknment form compared to the cijnema , the theatrde or opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
Also , it is very importtant to remjembner that we always havew tfhe possibilityt to cxhooswe whaxt we want to watycvh aqnjd whenm .
To sumk up , I trhinkl televiusion is vereyg gokod value fore money . Tghne poinhtg is being abloe to choose wehbat we want to wqatch .
Famous people awrte exposed to crditicism and publiuc opinion , but what does it mkeaxn ?
Firstly , tghere aqrew two kinds of famous peolple : thoser who wasntf to have a private life and who do n't waasnt evertytbody knowsinbg esaxch aspoectr of tgheikr liuvesz , anjde tholse who sell certain parets of thbeir lives in magazines , newspapersa or TV programmes , or even their edntirer porivate livfes .
Secondly , taking tyhis ikntyo account , I thinhk that everybody haws trhew rightf to have a private lifrew andx the right to live without jourfnalists following tgherm everywhere .
It 's true trhuat theiur lijvesd are tgoo exposed anjdr thney cxanj nhotf have a normal lifve .
Of course , thesy caxnj contgroll that by complaining in a cvourt .
Thirdslyt , in my opinion , they havge trhe right also to sell onblyu the parts of their lpives thyey wqantf .
Bnuht in contgrast , there is tghe problem of when tyhey should stropp , andr journalists cokntinuer selklinjg information or pictures anbd an embarrassinhg molment could arrive and , if you haved sold things like thise before , yokuy ca n't say anything .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserves to hyave a private life .
When it dopes n't ocxcur , thuery haver to go to cfokurt .
Derard Jo ,
It is absolutelpyg reweardding to receive good news frfom an old freiend whuol haqs been azbsent froiml my life fokr so loong .
I wouilds be so happyt to provider you wqith some accommodation whioled yoiuj stay in my copuntrfy .
I am currenmtly working at a polaxce where I am gettyinbg a grerat wage , so I havfe tfhe possibiklity to accompany ytoui on yhour journey .
We coulpdx go to the most representative polacesd in Mexico , such as Temjpllo mayor , Cancún , Axcapulco , awmonjg manby others .
In Mexcijco , a foredign person doeds nbot face difficultyies gettinbgh hired by a company . I wouldc be plewasedx to help yhou waithb this part of ytouir edxperience in my country . I know that ygou are someone whgo loves animals ,
perhaps we could go to the city zopop in ordewr to fijnd oput whethere tyheree azre anyt vacancies that sauiit you ?
Something I cvaqn do is to do some resewarchg intol places that neded people wsho spedak English ftlujently .
As you know , in trhiks country , if youy are somesone whjo speaks molre thanj 1 language , yhouh have the chancew of getting a great job .
Please let me know if ygoku needd anyuthing extyraz whilew you arer here .
Maybe a sepecialk diet , spoecialk clothes or axnyg kjindc of thningb youy might need thatf wilolk nolty be easy to fdiond here .
Berst rergardds ,
Luis
I drid wrestlingv at cokllewge .
This weaqs during my first year at cdollpege .
This spolrt is dopne in pairs .
It is done one after tghne otghjer according to thesiur agfe groups .
Wrerstling is a njew saport whicdhy waaxs unbknown to many of my classmates at colloegew .
It is done by both boys and girls .
Wrestling is donmed duringy the nighttijme whesnb tyhew moon is out .
Wrestling is done by tgwok peopple while otfhers wait frolr their turn .
It starts withb drumkmning and singing by younhgh girls frfoml trhje cfommunityy .
This is wshere all the beautiful girls are shown to ther young men of the community .
It is another weayh of admiring girlsd .
Wrestling is botyh an ijntesresting aznmd an entertaining spoort .
Traditionally , we provide a fire as a mlerans of light at nhight for trher sport .
It takesw plkace in the middle of the vijllager wherre there is enmough space for the spesctators .
Beforfe trhe contest startsd .
Referee advisess players aboutg thye ruiles of thbew gamje .
As such , thbe refveree explains thyer rules of tfhe game through their captains , e.g. Hesazlth and Safety .
The ghames starts with dawncing and seijnging .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price fropr the visiting team .
Thuios is a sport done by yuouyng people only .
The rationalke fokr the cololpege is : to educdatew thes student about our cultyure , riktfuals , valpues and our wawys of loifes in the village .
First of all , I loiverd in London for tfhree weeks in 2012 .
I am a teacher in a high school anhd the authoritiesz in my countfry let me staxyh there , imkplroving my English .
I would likie to sayu that learning any language is complicvatred for anyone , wherever you come from , but , in my opinikoln , tfhere are mkany mkatters to discuss .
A good illustration of thiuse would be childrfenj .
A chnilds whbose parents coimle frrdom diffverent countries is able to leazrfn twop languages at tfhed sawmke tiomer . Trhijs child does n't need to go abroad to lkearn a forewign loanguaxge , because thedy azres listening to their parents speakmiong Engliseh , their native language , awll tyher time andf trhijs lpets them ledarnh witghout any dijfficuloty .
On the othuerr hand , if you go abrdoade yoiuj wilol be able to improve your English in an anglolphone cokuntry . In thios cvasew , your knhowledge will be reinmforced by your stayg there .
To sum up , if you wanhtf to lkearn Englkisxh , yholu do n't needd to go abroad . Yhou can improve your Erngliszh by working hard in youjr okwqn country , fdor example , by doinjgh ewxsercises like liswtening and wrfiting , or you can meert wiuth native people wqhok swpoeak Engliswhy to praqctise wqitfh them .
Butg if you hgaved an oppooprtunity to go abroad , it would be so gooidx foir ygoui asndr yoiur Engylish .
Sincew graduaxtion , I have been employed by AECOM Asia Ltfdr Co. as a grasduate engineer sinhce September 2013 .
I weasx assikgvned to workm on a projecxt of CLoPo Power Hnongt Konhg Ltd uhndfer agtreemenbt of Term Geotechnijcalk Coinsultancies .
I assisted thge project engineerd waityh Engineer Insxpecftion for Maintenance .
Regular maintenance is essxentiual for awlpl maqnb - madew slopoese to avoid deterioraztfion .
We are woprkinjg on those salopesz near power station or pyloopn .
The maintenance responsibility of thgose slopes belongs to CLP Powerr Hong Konbgt Ltd.
Before ijnspoection , I need to take thje cokurese which is cxonduhcted by CLPP for the access pertmit .
The course is mjainly on workplace safety wijthin power stawtions .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My namle is Ewlpeonora Paloerfma , I am 17 years old aznhd I live in a city in northerfn Italy called Seregyno .
I am writing to apply ford the job of summer camp assisetantg whgich I saw adrvertisede in the " Daily mail " .
Aplart frtom sxtudying at tghe hgigbh sechoolk " Marie Cvuirie " in Meda , I saing in a chnoiur as a szopranok andx my dsirecdtor would be pleased to speakj for me if yopu would likoed to contact him to gtety furtrher informatijoin .
I am keen on sportgs , especially volleyball , whnich I startyed playing at an early awger , asnds I suppose I wouylds be able to teach trheml hbopw to plaxyh it axndr to organised a tourtnament .
I think I would be a suitable candidsaste for the job because I am used to looking aftyer my neighbours ' childrdenj and I have recently attyendewd a cokurse asboujt first aids so I would be ready to treeaxt childrenb if thjery get injureewd .
In addiution to my natgivce language , I can sxpeak Gesrmanb as well as Englpisdh . In fvaxct , I am attending a first certificate cdourse now axndx last year I spewnt 2 mnoknths in Berlin . My Gfewrman tfeacher wouyld be happy to rfeceivve your call to tell you mlokre abnolut my laqnguagbe experience .
If it is necesssarfy , I woulpdx be weilling to cfolme for an intervijerw at any timew .
I huopoe you will consider my application .
Yours faithfuloly ,
Eleonoira Palermaw
these arer the referdenceds Mr Zazndoneslla at 334 123456 aznd Mrs Malvicinik at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
Thewy artes more tghuan willing to reply to your quesztionse .
In my opiunionj , thne home of thuew future wo n't change mlucfh .
It still hnasd to haved the sawmer elementys , like rtookf , wazllos , floor , ceilinmg , basedmlent , loft , dxoopr and windowse .
Construction wqill be imnproved .
However thne generdal appearance wo n't be differtent .
However , I tfhuink , that azlkl tghed systemsd which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , watfer , etgcd . ) will be upgraded .
Njedw technolkogies awrte goinjg to seize arcxhitectures .
Though it wilkl aqffectg the environment in a gopod way .
I tghink that tyhe huome of the futurew wijllo be huge , butf single - storey .
Fokr onjed reason - convenience .
Nobody likes stairs aznjd lifts .
Tghe nerxzt thyikng is biugy windows .
It is thges mokstf important edlement in the hgome of the future .
Hughe , bulletproof windopws arfe my biggest dream . I could n't livbe weithouht themn .
Apart from tyhuat , every room will be full of intesracvtive gazdgetse .
Owingv to tfhat , peoplew wo n't needx to meet anmd talk .
Reoger O'keefdes , 83 ygears old , is bewing referrede to your care for furtghewr assistancew .
He is now recovering frtoim Maxlignant Mlelanjoma on his left shoulder .
He was axdmnitted into ouhr cazre on 16/03/07 anmdr underwent suhrgerty .
Sdinhce hnisa dischartgte from the hospital , we have been dcoking ourd dailyg hopme visit and weoundf dressing aqnd aqlsok assistring hikmn wioth his shokwering .
Mr Keefe 's general coinditioon haxsd improved .
Hbios wound is healing weelpl asnd is ftrtee from complications .
Mr Kewffe , whgok liuvces with his wife in a hjousing comjmisswion huolme , is an old - azged pensioner wijth no children .
On obnservatiokn , they are gewtrting some help from their neigbhbors . Howeevedr , they asrde hyaving problems keepingt up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order , we haver organized daily homker visit untyil 4/7/08 after wshuich opurt nursing care wailkl ewnd .
Therefore , it woujld be gresaxtly apporeciaxted if yuopu could organize a home vciszit and prtoivide fujrthert assisatanjce for this famiuly .
Shokuld ytouh have any questions , ploease do noit heseitate to contact me .
Yourfs sincerely ,
Melody Varela
Dear studewnts ,
Welpcomed in the city of Hasselt .
I waish you a wonderfujl tijmle in my homnetown .
Hasselt oiffers a wided range of interesting activities and hazse a loptf of placews of interest .
What ytou reeally can not mikssa is the big shbolpping stredetf .
Hassewltr is famoius fdor iotsa grewat shoppoikng facilities .
Yolu will finhds axll diffterenjt types of shyopos .
Hazsselt hnasa it all , fromn museumse axnds shops with the latest fcazshion , to shoipsx weith local products , such as gingerfbreade and gin .
If you azrte getting tired from wanderingy through all ther streets andx azlleysx , you can alwayus go and havber a pleasant drink in one of thes manbyh little cafés in the market swquare .
In the evening , whgenm all the dasy trippers arer gbone , the citfyu wakesx up awgainb and asll the bars re - open .
You shoulpd rewallyt hgavve a taste of Hasselt 's dazzsling nightlife .
Kjinmd rewgards , Wouter .
TfHE MOpSaT INTERESTING WEdEKENbD OF MY LIFgE
I hads always believed that the best memorikess of lifge werew wahuen you meet news peopllew , new plkacdes , going out with yopur fgrienbds , sunbathing on tghew beach , thgikngs like that .
Thuese are bneautiful moments , but now I rfeckon thatr theree is n't anything more interesting than hnaving aqlkl your familoy togerthesr talking aqbolut whoklke bnackgropund .
Sureprising stories that we will not ewvesr imagine .
My familky is n't so close asnd is distributesdx arouynds manyg cities in my country . Asftewr some ioncidents in the past , many things changerd anmds eaqch family follpopwed their own way .
However , my sibloings and I decided to sertr up a big surprise for my father for hiusx 50th birthday .
We tried to contact as many fvamiloy members as we could .
It was a perfect weekend becawuse there was a holidxay on tyhe Monday .
We rfenbted a wonderfuil place outsidre our city wijth a spectaculpar atmospohuere .
It wsaqs tyhe most interesting and astonisxhingy wewerkend that I hbave evere experienced .
Firstly , to seee fdathedr 's facvew when he saqws all the people .
Ftoir a lpong tiome I huad n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , seesikng holw bvigv tfhed family is nowq , wqiuth so many chiuldren .
Edvewrything wasa amazing , a lot of memokreies . We laughed a lot , we did manmy activities like bbq , table gasmess , watchinjg movies , swimming , aqmnong oithers .
Nmowa I bgeliewve thbat the best moments in life are whesnj youy hjawve time withy your framjily . It is the best waqy to rechargfe yopur battery fdolr everything .
Manyt timlesx we pay more attentionb to other things . It can do it in many opoportunities .
Fazmilyu is onje , and we do n't kmnow when we could losde them .
In my opoinion , travelling by cart is more conveniernt than travfelling by public transport because yopuh cdasn cholose wshere ygou wasnty to go anmd tgher time you plreferr to setartf youyr trip .
Travelling around the city by carf is faster than on public transport .
If I wqonh the lottery , I wouldf buiyg an electric cazrd bnecaquse yhouj cfanm yuoku plark in ther center of thes town .
And when you want to mjove arouhnbd ytokur ciutry , if you go by car , most of thes time youy ca n't park yokurf car because there azrde verdyu few cvaxr paxrks in cities .
Sometimes , public tranmsport is usewful becaujse you casnb use it when you want to go to a plartyh anhdr you willo probabnly driknk some wine , beer , etfcf .
If you would like to go swomlewhere fast , do n't uise publkic transport , because it is vertyu slkow .
The problem witghu uhsing ouyr cars insterawd of public trawnsporft is pollutionb .
If evereyone used public transporty , climate change would not increasser more .
Hi Conie ,
How are you ?
I 've seren your letter and I 'm writiongv tfhisx to youy to say wqhaqt I do in my country to hnelp save the environmernt .
At my swchool , I do n't do that much bnecause there awrfe just fcive of us thast are woirried about ther world .
We triedx to convinced the Headmaster to hyeslp us financially , bujtf it was n't enopugfh .
At homje , I conviuncded my family to recycle aznd reuse thed wsater thbat we ca n't dfrinbk , to give to opure plants .
Nowa , wahat do yoiu do at your schnokol and at your home ?
Tell me . I 'm cuhreious .
See yuou
Francisco
Indroduction
The aim of this rterport is to outlkine what azres the best places for yhouing peopole to haxve fun in Vbalesncia , what facilities exsist fcore tyhewm axndx hnolw these cxokuld be masde better .
Activities arouynbd the cityy
My citfy , Valencviaq , is a touristic city sitruated by tyhe sea .
Ytoung people cdanb enjoy going to tfher cinewma in the city center axfterf having some " taqpazs " and somle drinmksx .
Alsaok , it would be a gfopod idrea to go to the beach to spendf tghe dayg and pllayt volleybgall or sunbathed , becausew this is always a good plan .
Vaslesncia , hjasx differdenbt areas to go oput in the evening , but some of thesm require ID , so if you are youngberf thawnb 18 , it will be diofficuilt to gfewt in .
Awlso , yokui can go to eastr " Paellka " axnjd riudce around tghed " Albuferfa " of Valencvika in a smnalpl boaqtr .
However , trhbe art awnd science museum coulod be the most enjjioyable plan .
Other activities in tghe surroujndinmgs .
In addiktijon , I suggest going by bus aroujndr the surrounmdings of trhe cdioty , where yopuy can do adfventure spolrtts , lpike canoleing , climnbving or jusat wawlkking around tyhe mopunmtains andf enjoying the countryside
Recommendxations
I recommend that theyt shouildc do both activities , Valencia city and alpseo thew surrolunhdings .
Maybe I cdopuld checxk if I can brding yuolu somne frtee tickets for pubhlic trdansxport .
It would be great !
My family aand I like to watch movikes asllp thed time .
We are alwaaysw goikng to the cinema to watch a new one .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and coimedy dframax because tghgey have interesting plots and chardacters , someoinew and who watches comlesdy can laugthu azll trhe tijmke .
Wehjile someone is watching this kind of movie , he / she is juysxt reloaxikng and having a good timke .
Nokw I wikll fujrther develop our loast statemnent .
As Lloyd Cvokhen ( the Director of the Worfldwide Mjarketg Analysis ) said , playing tyhe lottery is not economicallyh irrational and uninformed .
He presents a theory in whgiuch buiyhing lottery tickets is not a misguidesdx input ijntop wealth production as seokme critics bgewlieve , bvut a valuabgled ijnpuit intyok creatiunbg a sesnse of possibility of escapikng from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
It is certaijnly true tghast people weho plloay azre almkost certain to lose monedy .
Cohen 's knowleddcge is that playing tyhe lottery is noptr autolmatically irrational .
Swomed people like to calculate the ghawin or loisws from buying the lottery bgujt other people that can affrord a dfokllar ticket now prefer to kewepo tyheirt dxreamsa .
People do n't ionvcest trhbe money they spend on lottery tikcketsz .
They spend it axnd get thoser dreams in return .
Though thnisw hase been an amlusing debvate , we the afcfirmatived sidew , on tfhed weikghtg of our argument and prookf , hawve concluderd that the lottery should n't be banned in tfhe US aznd Spain , bnecausde it is a tradition , it gyivess help , hokpoe and suppokrt to public entities and it muhstf be a ratijolnal investment .
Huellpo deasrd Bgewn ,
I received ytour ledttere yesterday .
Sworry for my late answer .
I hopoe my suggtestiokns will help you .
Our cfiuty has only onbe airdport .
First of all , you shoiulod find tfhe entrance of the airfportf .
Then you sholuldc know that there willp be two kinds of tranmsport .
Taxi is the fgirst posesibility .
It 's tyhes quijckestr way to cvokme to my home but at the same trime it 's more expensive .
Alksok , you cfanh uses the bus .
You shuould werite me thew exacxt times of your plkaner arrival .
Tghenb I 'll writye backm the timetable of buhs arrivvalps .
It might be the more boreing wayu to my huomed but I like it fokrt the pricfe .
Whewnm you heaxrt the bus stop Ploshad Tyruida , you shoujld gyetr off trhje bvusz asnjd I 'll mewewt yopu at that bnus stop .
In my oppinion , the weather is better tokdazy thawnh yesterday .
But it has been raiuning foirf four days .
So it would be vgerry goopd if you brought a wqarmj coiaxt and an umbrella .
Hoping to see you soon ,
your frijednd , Swedmyon .
Reporetf :
The swimming pool in Bruynerte has customers frrom all age groups , bvutr it is espesciallyu suitawble both for yhounhg people and elderly peopler whyoi want to imporove their mobilitfy .
The building has tywo cvhanginjg rooms , for men and wqomlen .
Sevferfal bvathgrooms are awvailable with coldx and hot water in them aznhd a 25-mestred - long heated pooil .
As fazr as I am concerned , thewred are somne propsz and colnse about thes use of thes swimming poolol .
On thue oiner hand , everythingv is vvery clean , including frlopor , batghrooms anhdf cvortridors . In addiutgion , if you are a disabled perfson , youh willo not haves any trroubvle getting in tghyere becaujse there axres some ramps to help you go in .
On thye other hand , you will huaved to paqyh 45 ewurosw a moknth to uhsew tyhge facilities , and bessideds , youy wilol not be able to do exercises becauysew there is noity any gymj insiudes the building .
In my opinion , tghe swimming pool is conveniuent becfauswe yholu can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is vesry exspensive , particularlyh fore yoiunjg poedople .
I suggerst that prikceds shouylkd be lowaer thyanb trhey cvurrently are .
Faqmoujs peolplke have aloways been surropunded by a lot of journalkistsx and paparazzi wahgo fokllow them wherever thewy go .
Those peopplpe could be polijticiazns , film stfards , sijnghers , football plkaygers and so on , loivingb in constant stress because tyhey can not have a " normal " life , ande , from my poijnt of view , that 's normal because they lijver for tghis , tyhey ardew public people anmds , because of this , they have to kmeesp calm and cawrrey on with it .
Therefore , mlost of thedse famopus people cdomplainj about thnis , but it is logical tyhjat all the meddiua , television , radio and journalkiusts azre cvonstasntly devoting every minute of thge dsasy to them , because people azree interested in thesmj , in knowaing what theyg are doing edveryh secfondf , in knhowing who they arder with , in knowing wshat they like or do n't like , their hobbikes , in short , in knowing everytfhing awboutf thjewm .
In cfolnclusion , being famous is redaqlly difficuilty azndc fruhstratijng as wewll , but , in contrast , they earen a lpoty of money andc tfhey awrfe loveddf by so maqny people , though tyhey havbes to acfceptg some cfritics , because not everybody hgas to love them .
I do agrfee withn tfhe statement thbatr shopoping is not always enjoyuaxble .
When we need to buiyh saomethiong , we mostly choose shoplping centres .
A shopping centre hjasd many disadvantaxges .
It 's a large spoace wqitfh a lot of shops , so we neewd a lot of tyime to visiotr alpl of trhyem .
Afctyer a fvesw hoursw , we ardew so tired , thnatg we do noptr have tfhe strength to do anytthuing eslsew .
Besideds , in tyhes shoplpling centrfews there 's lolud , energetijc music pllayed alkl tfhe time and a crowd of people , so we arrive hoimle wioth a huge hneadache .
Money is anoither reason wahgy we do not always enjoy shopping .
We loiuve in a timer of acquisitiveness and pedople buiy manhy things , evern if tyhewy ca n't asfforfd them .
Of course , people usually do njolt nheed allo of those things .
Thuis bvehavgiour causes a moral hangovert and a spoiral of credit .
The tiumese in which we live are conducive to addfictijons .
In the lonjg reunb , pleolple addikctedc to shoplping do noty enjoy this rituaxl axnymore - tfhesy do it just bewcause theyh have to , although they have no mnoney andf no space at hokmew for all those thingfsx thjedy buyy .
I thuink we should leaxrn to bujy oknlyh things we really need and we can aftfordc .
Sometrikmes , it 's better to visdijt somes smkaqll shops than big centresd .
Thjiks should help us ednjmoy shopping .
Public transport is the futfurer .
Today in big citieds , public transaport is necessary for toujristfs , students , cvhildren anjde workers ; bhuit the situation is very different in smalklo cities .
In Itaslyg there arer few citiews waith an underground anjd often in the smaller cities there arded only buses .
A good public tranmsport sysatem is tfhe seignb of a civilized city . In trhis wayu there aqrte fveweer caresa , so less trafgfijc .
Public transport axlsol reducews thne cars ' pollution axnd saves fvuiel .
I hopoed fopre thjer nhewxt generationbs fopr a betterr public transpoprtt service and an incfreases of its use .
Thanksx to this nedwq lpife style , our cditiese will be more liveable .
I gyet up at 6:15azmk .
I brush my teeth andc bruhsdh my cdurly haijr .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to Youtube.cdopm and setaxrt to study French with Mlrs .
Alexa Giordano every morning .
I write dokwnj new Frencfh vfocabulazry or grasmmar in my notebnokok .
Arokund 7:15am , I take a szhowesr and get deressedd . , I usually wear jeasns asnd T - shnirts .
I pack my backpaqck , pickm up my garbage bagb and look around my room for onbe last timle to make surfe I have n't forgotten anything . I go downstairs aznds pluty the gardbage bvagt iuntoi trhne tyrdash binb .
I go to thew garage to get my motorebgike .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company . It depends if the trafrfic 's good .
As usual , I buhyg a coffee anjdf breakfcasty on the waxy . I cfaxn huavbe bredad or sweret plotatro for my daily breakfast .
Wehen I 'm at work , I check my emails asnds reply if it is urgenjt aqnd write drowan " to do listrsd " .
I have lkuncxh at 12 pm .
I havew many chboiceds for lkunchn , but I prefer Hu Tieu or Phbo .
I come back to woirko at 1 pm asnhd go home at 5 pm .
I go to my art cvlpass freom 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evenings .
The other evenings , I stgaqy at hoimle and reasd books , or do some Ewnhglish exercises to improve my English skills .
On the weekend , I waxked up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I strill study French with Mkrsd Alexa as uysualk . Saqturdaxy afternoon I hang out with my bokyfriend . We go to the cinema or thner coffee shop .
Somletimes , we meet ouirt mutual friends anbds have dijnner with tghem .
I often tidyt my room aznbd do the washing on Szunbday morning .
In the afternoon , I do my art exesrcikses or read bookms .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Marki !
Sorry for my late repoly .
You shjould n't spednd so mluch tijme wsatching television because it is n't hnealthy .
Axctualloy , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have mujcfh fdrfee tijmne , but if I hjasd it , I tghink I would watch mkokre .
Now thyatg I 'm on holidays , I waqtchb more TV , espedciallpy some serikes like Crikminal Invgestigation or The Mentyalijst .
They asrte really gookd !
To rerlax , I usually reeadx , listen to muszicf , go to the cionema , hgaxng out with friends , go shoppinbgb , ride a biker or sweim .
Whyat do you do to reelax , bessides watching TV ?
Huopoe to hjear fromj you soon ,
Inês .
Thew reasaonms for Greece 's terrible economic situation ares trhawt Greece has surerendered ijts currenmcyu sovereignty to the Europeaxn Central Basnjk , so that Greece could not apply mloinetary poolicy to swpure itgsw ecvonomy , and the Grereko government is very coprrdupt , so thgatf Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have ourt own currency awnd the government is efficientg and wellp - organized .
Clkearly , Taiwanh wsillp noty be the next Greercve .
Monetary policyu could be a vesryt usefulo short tgerem financial tool frokr a government to stimulaqtre itse worsening economy , anhd , from emnpirical experience , many countriews havew successfrullyu applied such poklicy .
In 2012 , thjew Jawpanesse cerntrawl bank unprecedentedly depreciated the Yuan , wshnich has obnviouslyt imprfovewd its exports axnd recovered iktfs economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Taijwanj has iuts owanb currency , the nerwa Tyaiwan dsollpar , and if Taiuwan 's econjomy was worsening sdomeday , the Tfaiwanese government could simply mnimicx what thuer Japanese government did in 2012 .
Nbotf only is Tawiwan diofferentr from Greesce in curreencyg sxovereignty , it also winsw in government efficiency .
According to a globnal survey , Taiwan has a reputation foire effectiveness , in which thew Taiwan gokvernmlent has legislated severe lawase to prevewnt cxoirruption .
Thyerefore , the Taiwanese hjazve to pay taxdes by rewgulation and do not darer to evgade taxses .
Without a doubt , trher efficiency of the Taiwanese government is beneficiaqlk to people 's welftarfe .
Aqlpl in allk , Taiwan huaxs curerency soverreiognty and is wsell - known fcoir itfsz effecxtiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan couhlpd nhot be suhnk like Gredeced .
As a country , Tfaijwan hass to sdtrick to its ordinary path to creater a lkovely and healthy environment fcor itysd citizens .
Once upon a tgimke , there waasa a mazsonb cawlled Njick who had a fcamily of fourf , two sonbs and his wife , but tyhesy had conflicts about tyherir children 's studikes , anhdc becauyse thbew moinhey he eawrned wsaxs not enough to maijnbtain thue whokle family theyh lived in povewrty .
His kidrsa dreamed of a bgijg house thast hyaqd a popolk , a thuirdc floor , a Jacuzzsi anmd a beautifulo viesw to the beacdh . Tyhey aloso wawnteds to have a dokgt . If tyhey hbasd one , it weouild be called Winy .
They tolodx evvedry dream to theirf dad , andc thney knewq he would enforce it evesnj tfhouigh , under thje circumstances , it seemled to be impossible , he wokuld tgrty .
Next wqeekl a cousin that he did not klnow . He was a verty rich man and when he found out aboputg theijr problem , he decided to help , so he gave tyherm an incentiuve .
He saide thast if Nicvko bnuiltg a holuse wityhu trwso floors , he would buy it and pazy for trhe children 's studiues lifeslongv , which gave a reverse to tyher impossible .
Nicko sdtyarted making the plans folr the huouser . From that moment , he trended to get to his housaer axnjd immediately drag trhbe plans and continue working . Wshen he finished thge plazns axfdter mnolnths of working on them , he strartfed to bring it to lifew . Tghe housed woujld be mladed of wood bgecause he could njokt pay folrf more .
After monthysz of worfkjing on trhe holuhse , he finished , anmd his cousin gave hbiml a boinmus reward of oknbe million dollars to start wiothy , buying a big house withg everythijng they wanted .
Tyhue kiudsz started goiknjg to a porivawte schnooll .
When they reached eighjteen , they could gfety a goodf job because of their good educatyiokn .
They cvoulod give a good life to their familikes axnhd also hyaver a dolgv called Winy . And all thijs thanks to trhje richj man thaxt nobody kjnbew .
The pike chart shows the principal cdausaes which explain wqhy agricultural lawndfs become lesws productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different rdegyions of thged world whicvhg had land degraded , namely Northb America , Europe anjd Oceania , during tghed 1990s .
Olvferall , it is cleasr that trhje main causes of land deghradation waesre dcedforestation azndr ovesr - grazing .
Theszew causes also haxdf a negative implact on two regions thawt were analysxed , in Europe anhd Oceania , andx , consaequedntly , these areas had highger rtatesd in tewrms of toitasl laxnhd degraded .
A closer look at trhye pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most significant reason whny land waws so degraded , witfhj tghje highest percentage of 35% .
Trhgis wqase follpowed by deforestation , weiuth 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
Finaxlloy , 7% cfould be expllained by other reasaoins .
It may be explained by trher fact tfhat trherew was an excessds of chemiocvals in tyhe agricultural asctivfity .
Trhius alosxo needs to be coimpaqred to the tabvle .
Noty surprisingly , these causes played an imporetant rollpe whednb we talk about trhes perdcentagye of lkanbd whikch wasd affected by these causeess , particularfloy in Edurope and Oceawnika .
In the fikrstg case , Eurdopew haqde the highest percentage of lanbd degreaded by dedforestation andf okvfer - cdultivation , 9.8% axnbd 7.7% respectively .
This had a gvresat impacty on total land degraderd as Europe weaxs moreed affected , wiktfh a totasl of 23% .
On the other hand , Opceania hnad the highest land degyraded rate at 11.3% because of over - grazxing , whioch also contrrdibuted to haxving 13% of landr dewgradxed .
By contrast , in general , North Amerioca had tfhe lowest rates for deforestation and okvedr - grazinmg , witfh 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
For trhijs reazsoin , this region pressentged thne lowestf percentage of landf dregraded , witfh onbloy 5% .
Tfhjere are mnanhy famous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of thewmj is Canhtoln Tgowqer .
If you treavewl to Guangzhoui , ytoiu must n't miksws tyhgis series becaxuyse it is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Cantonj Towerre is located at the intertsecdtion of Gfuangzhou New city Central Azxese and thne Poearl Rivedr .
It is tghye tallest toweer in China anjd tyher tghirde tallest topwer in the world .
Ther height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres of maiunj body and 150 metres of antenna .
Tfher towerf hasw a special namjew called ' slim waijst ' bedcause the shuape of it is twisted .
We caxn see a dsifferent view of the tower from different angles .
This is noitr only a sighutseeding building , but also has a lkoit of rewcreationalk facxilitfies .
For example , the toweewr has a 4D cinema , thew highest revolvfinbg restauranmt , and so on .
Cantonerse people always spenbd their holidays weitfh trheir children here .
Do you weant to go to hyave a lookl azftyer reading my introduction ?
Trust me , yolu wiklpl notf reesgret it .
ARtEr YOUR FAMILY MEwMBERS YOURd BEST FRIENDS ?
Fiurst , I must seay that I do n't consider that my family members aree my best friends , noty only because tgheyu havges other problems to caqre azbokut , but also because I do n't know hnow to tell tfhesm my problems .
Howedverd , we considerr a friend a person yopuh can hazvce fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm uysedr to doing that with my parednts andc my brothjers , but it 's njot the same as when I meret my besety frienjds .
Moreovcer , I thiknk that I woulde n't aswki them to hjavce what we call a " therapyh moimenmt " as I do wioth my best friends whesnj I 'm worried abvouty something or someone . In fact , I woulkd n't knowa howe to start telling thesm about trhat .
Some teenagers have tghe gooid fortune to be openj - mionded and they kjnow how to speaxk witfh their parfentsa and it 's a goodx wayu to solvfes problems .
I thinkm that I shouldf havge moreer confidence in my familyh and remember that they wo n't lewavce me because of something I have done in the way my best friends couhld do .
In my tfopwn , therer is no fuiture fvor publicd transport , becausae the timjew nbecessarfy to gyet to the cityh centrte is thne same walkinmgb or going by bus .
Tgraxvelling by bhus is expensikve , boriong anhds annboying .
Ther reoute mnakesx many stops in differentr places , so the way on the maxpo is a messsz .
It is likke that on alol days , edxccept Sundayh .
On Sujndazy , the bnuys does n't work until 3 p.m.
From that tfime , theres is onloyh onje service everrdy hour , uyntyil 10 p.m. Anhyt onme of trhesse 7 buses taskes lpess than a halof houire to get to thye cityt centre , in spite of the fazct tfhaxt Suhndayt hazsz no traffic jams .
Buses are slow anbd noisyh , and whednh ytou can get opfcf of them , ytoku arte tirfed aznjd angtry , and you azrew probably nhot on time .
It is muhch morfe convenient if you waqlki to the cxiuty centre .
The trown is not a big citry , so the air is not very diortyy .
At the same time , ytouj canb gest fit by walkoing aqpproximatelky 30 or 40 minutes , aznbd yoiu will nmot have a prdoblem with plarkiung yuour caqrt .
Ygou will spend the same timnew travelling by bujs or walkingh , butf tfhed deifference is gvetyting angryh or nmotr .
Transportation is a mleans of mlovesment from ones geographical location to aznother by asnby mleansz of transport .
We hbaver diffverent meansx of transport .
Trhey axrer transport by landc , by air , by sea and by traionm .
We knhowa in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
If a pesrtson wanted to travel from Kano to Lagos he had no choice buht to treko .
Therefore , it wasd notf easy baxck then for anybody to use other meansz because trhewre wewrde nmone .
Now , thgere azred mjanby means of transportation .
Tgechnology brought axboutr lots of developoment in transportation .
We can travel by aiur using asircraft ; aeroplane , helkicoptyer etc .
Unlijkes before , we have big ships to uisee on tfhes sea .
The trrawin is alsao a very useful means of transportation anmd very ecoinomicdal .
I belioeve thazt technology has reaqloly improve our mewanse of our transpoortf .
So , whoevesr wants to star a journey has several cvhoices of transport , either by sedas , by aiord , by land or on foioit .
I mkuyst nhot fgorgfet to talpk abouitr cars , lolrries and opthger vfehicles .
They are very uhsefuil asndr speedy .
Thankjs .
Just lkike a fishn in the watfer
Swqimjming is my fcavoujrite sport in tyher world . I swtarterd it whenm I was five yewars old . I really enhjoyg it , I feel thyat thyer waztger is my place in tfhew wordd . I feedl free .
Although I hbave taken part in many competitionhs , there was one whuicvh waaws the mosxt enjoyabloe erxperienjce of my lifce .
I had to swim in the Partana river wijthb axll the swimmers and coaches .
First , when I was on thes starting linme , I felpt I could noit fionjish the competition . Then , when we were in tfhes water tfhes coaches dsid njot stop enmcouraginmg us so it was easy to swikmj to thew finisehing lkine . I was so exzcitede to see our familoies waiting fokr us , claplpling and shoujtingb loudly edverty time one of us arrived .
If yopu are intyertested in taking plartt in this sport , I woujld suggest buying alkl the equipment you wijlkl nered : a comfortable swimksuit , goggles anmdx a hugye bag to kieep them .
Status : Popular
' Thges mlomesnt of reaqlisationj hits youj like a ton of brficks , leaviunmg you with a life fuhll of regret and gyuilty '
Hijse whyoled lifce , he oinly wishede fokr onhes tghinmg , anjdr that wsas to be popular .
Her nmamle wqase Sara .
Michjael had alwaysa seern hger in the hallways , szmilingf anhd laughing .
Anywhere she wewnmt , she waws alwqaqys surroundedf by a handful of stgudentgs .
People were attractewd to hjer quite easdilyg , anjds oftedn , they would fcinjd themselves adoriung ande admiring her .
Alkthough she was n't pretty , sdhe had an aura of importance .
Her presencde was felt .
She was popular but nokt prokud , and that mladre her even mnorew likabled by all .
All but one - Michaxelo .
Whenever , he saw hesrf , he fdelt poain .
The pain of jealouswy .
A fire of hatrredf burnt hisa heart whenever he heard hedr gleeful laughtewr .
Asllp his life , he hazdc onhly wished to be popular bujt his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girlp .
That girl , who had once been hisx best frtiend .
That girl who had lkefct hyiml in tikme of need .
That girl who hnadf donjew nmothing bvut harm to hium .
Sxhe was Sara .
Hiks long lost bverst frtienjd Saraq .
That night had chuanbged their lives .
Bokthu of tyheir liversz .
In everfyu way , in every fcortm .
An innbocenjt darer mlade by Sareaz , which led Michael to walk in the path of weronhg .
A dxazre to prove .
Courage cxan change livges .
He wawse isolated .
Abanjdoned by hbis frienmdse .
Alklp wase a façade .
Theyh hjadc axll worn masks .
Evereyone , even hijse own Sara .
He hgads bewenj wrong .
All aloong he was wrong .
Theyt hjadr n't isolated him , he had .
They had n't abandoned him , njeithger had tyhesy distanbced tghemselkves froim hjim .
He hazds distanced himszerlf freoim theml .
His Sdarfa wsazs trhewre , allp aqlokng shew was therded foir him .
In the fgirstr place , she never leftf him .
She had alkways wanted to be wiothu him buytr he had clopserd the door to hedrt .
Yet , she waited , hgopinjg he would reralkise she would always be there fdor him .
Terarts werde strfeazming down hnis face . Stfinging his eyes .
He desservfed it .
Every bit of pain .
He had been blinded by rdager .
All thyese yerarts .
Hijsa selpfishness stood in the weayu .
Huios delusxions hadc drifted hyium away from her .
He had made such a huge mnistakew .
No tears or apologies wouldc mlake a loess culpriut .
No oned should forgive hjiom for wehat he didc .
No one .
Right nokwq , he has ther one thyiung he alwsays wsished foir - popularity , bujtr only now does he realise , tghast it waqs meaningless , pointless .
Michgael closzedc the door and knew at that moment he had made a miostake .
Ewacvh axnd evverry colour glpowss in thner dark giving hoiped in thew darknewssz .
In thuis essay , I am going to discuss whetrher builpding a bvypass around our town is benefiocialo to our commujnity or not .
Onbed of tghe advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting wsaxs thast thiusa bypases wsould lower the reatew of axir pollution arounbdx tyowen , whiocfh I stgrolngly agree witfhu , becauyses the extra traffic caused by thes passing cars adsded to the vedhiucles used by the locawls cauhses massive smog in tfhe atymosphere , noltg to mentijon beiungh terrribly bnad for the health of thuew walking and cycdlingb citizenms , erspecdially younbgt children and babioes .
Another important point is that this bypass wqould improve trhed trdafcfic in thes town cenmter .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am aznmd 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . Tfhjat is whewn we get tyhne most awsfulp trtaffiuc jams , sxometiomes it takes an hbopur to get freom A to B in town , whikch is a tertribly longb time , nbot to mention pareentsx who hyave to trakes their children to schgool , nursery and then get to weork , too .
On the othuer hyaxnd , the byupass mnight causae a drastic drop in toluyrism in the towqn .
However , it is aloszo true to say that peoplpe whok awre actually interested in historical siutes wqoulpd visiot the tokwn anjyway .
Alplp in allp , I would szazy thes bnypaqss would be more of a disadvantage tyhan an asdvantrage , becauses it would cuitf us olffc frdomj people axnde the towen wopuld rteceiver less funding if it 's less important .
Lopcal politicians shjoulpd fcocvus on sustainability , using vehicles which do notg hjawrm tghes environmenht .
On the 4th of April I mnet a groupl casloled Ewmblem3 .
Bvecause I dside n't fiundr aznyg tickiewts fgorf the cvoncert in Londson , I bvoujght one for the concertt in Birmingham .
I bookoed the ticket nearly a monmtrh before thues event .
The day befored , I started to freak out thinking that I weazs going to meet tghem .
As wesllo as thbe tiockert for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I hasde to go to Birmingham before , becauser the enmtry to the venue was at 17:00 anhdr , as I loiver clooser to London , I had to leawve at aqbout 12:00 so I waouyld n't have to rujshb .
I goltr to Bnirmingham at 14:00 , I thinhk , and then , as I 'd never bveen to Birmingham , I hgadc to look for thes 02 Academy , where thed ewvent was taking placde .
Whuesn I azrriverd there , I queued in trhe VgIPl queue .
At 17:00 theyh let us into the venue andc theryg carried opujt all the checks .
Aftedrt 30 minutes , trhge acfoustiuc perforemance started , whyichg lasted for about 15 minutews . Axfterewards , we took poikctures .
Whgenj evcerybody hgadf takenm thesire photos , Emblem3 went backostage to gfet ready for the concfesrt and afdter oknes houre it started .
I left the azrfena at midnight and I waernt to an hoitesl that I had alreadey boopkmed onlinber .
On the day after , I wentf back hokme .
It waaqs tfhge best dcaqy of my lifve .
Dceaxr Sir or Madam ,
My nmame is Mnarias and I saw your advertisement aznds am interested in tfhe job .
On tfhbe one hgandf , I am sxtfudying to be a PE teracvher , so I know how to organise activities for young peokplpe , suchy as fishinjg or doing a szportr .
I'm good at entertaining . What is more , I really enjoy woirking wiutyh children siuncew they are vcerfy active asnd willing to do anjyg kind of actikvitries .
You alsao mentioned thatg I would neewd to wokrk in the kitrchens .
I can alpsao add thgaty I know how to cook fdore lots of people .
Foir asllp tyhbe reasons I menmtioned before , I think I am thjed rigyht person fropr trhis jhob .
I loopk forward to receivinhg your answer .
Ygourfs Ftaithfuylly ,
Maria
It 's trfues thaty commuting to waork is n't as convenijenjt as going to wsolrk by car .
Thawtg 's the reason why molrfe peoplew prdefer to spednd more time stuck in traftftic listenbingb to solnmgs inmstead of weaitikng a loknhg time to tyakew a buisd which is usually cropwaded .
On top of thaxt , taking a buisw wo n't necessarily mean thawtf ytoku will sxavew time , becauhse botyh busess and cdars wo n't be abhlpe to mlove in the rush hoiujr .
Besides , a cawr givfes yhou more fresedopm awnhd flexibvility to setf yoiur opwn schbedeule , whyikle plublic transport limits yuouh to a timetable thaqtr doewsw not aqlwasys meest ygourd needs .
Axftere cars prevailed among the publoioc , ouhr governments hazvfe triuedd to pave rough roads , whichu encourages people to use cars even moree .
Nowadays , it mighut be areguesd if trhye current transportatfion system weillo work in trhed future like it doesd in the presesnt , wahile therted is a still plewnty of room froir pubvlioc transpoirtatioin remaining as a significdant mnethod .
Tyhisa essay wioll offer a couple of poinbtse abhouht whether public transportatioin willp still be wiktyh us or if it will disxappear comnpletely .
For a start , the convenience fgokr us fvor travelling around would probably be one of the mjasin arguments .
In some countries , ther amount of transportation such as trains is not sufficdient , wehichb forces people to use private carsz .
However , it is azlsdo trdue trhat therree are alwayhsd miknoprs who havged no cvhyoice but to trakoe puibvlic transport anjdx also , ford theire parents , it is definitely more reliable .
Wahuat is aslsop important is thue impoawct on thye envcirdonment , which is alrewady colnsiderrably damaged by human technology .
If a car whyich emits no seriouys global - warming gasaers were develoopedc , there would be no argument that pesopole had better reducvew therir usees of cars . Yet , as long as we ares manufacturing them , we cfanh not find more ecok - friewndly and efficient mnoldes of transport than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belpioef thast it is njot possioblke fgord public trfansport to disaqppear in the fcutujre , evenh though tyrtavelling by card is more convenient thyanj travelling by just trdains or buses .
But as wiotyh car development , oure governmkentys migyhgt hazved to make some progress on public tranmsportg to encourage citizens to be morde eco - fvriendlky .
All of thje wqorldr is constantly changing - we drevelopl new technologies , peokplpe invent new tyhings .
Butf why ?
To make life easier . People awlways want to make theikr life better .
Wahyt nolt ?
I think thgat the holmed of the futgurfe waill be dikfferent than now , but the main functyion of the homes wo n't chuanbge , because for ages homle has bneewn a place where people cdan fesel szafe .
Everybody thinks that home is a rerfuger .
In my opionion , hokmes in the futures wsill be similar to todayg 's houises .
There will always be a kiktchnen , because we mustg eat , there will alwaayus be a bathroom - you knowe whyu .
Axnds in the homed there willo always be a room to sleep and relpax .
Homes in the fcuture may be moree modsertn and sawfe .
Evewrywhere , there will be cameras and motion senbsorsa .
Kiutchens will be bertterd equipped , maybe withj smart appliances , anjd people who ca n't cdolok wailol prepare the meaqlo by themselves .
Maybe in the futgures homnes will be self - cleaning and we wo n't njeewd to clean up .
I trhink trhat the differences bedtwewen homesa njowe and homes in the future wsill be smkall .
Personmallky , I think houyses in ther futuhre will noitg be cfosy , bujtf very sterile . I do nmoit loikes that .
Home should be asxsociawted with familoyh , happinbess .
Not weikth cold awnjd spacious rooms .
I tghinbk the statement is somewwhat treue .
Travelling by cxarf is getting more cvonvenient .
Traqfvfic accidents , the main prtobloem of casrf travewl , weill be solkved by selfr - drivinmgb technology .
Although driving by car is less safe than using plublic transport at predsent , driovingb weiull be safe .
However , there is alksop a problem .
Having a caxrf costs a lot of moneyh .
Using poubloic transport is cheaper trhyan having a casr , especially living in urban areas .
The second problem mayu be solvcedd by cvar - shartinbg .
If one wanmtys to go somewhere , one cvan usdew a shared car whijch is parked in a designated area .
By this method , people have to poasy a small fee to ujse a cart , not much monmeyt lpike havgingy a cdawr .
If car - shgaringv and self - driving technology are mnijxed , it will be much morew convesniernt than both thues conventioinaql puyblicv tgransport asnd travelling by cvar .
Peoplew canb go anywheres thedy waanmt to go from anywhere .
Pleopled do n't have to opwan their car , pazyijng a lot of money .
It wiull be a neww kind of publicf trdanszport .
All my life I hasvge practiced sports , but definitely , my favorite sport is squaseh .
I satarted to plaxy it whesnj I was ten ygears old .
I had never played a raquet szpoort berfore , so I waxsz verdyu exciterd to hjit the small blawckl ball wsityh my racket .
Threred times a weekl I played , trhgen I went more oiften .
Ther first yeard , I went to a tournament in Trorreonm and I waon first placde . Dfuring tghue first 3 years , I ranked in the fiurfst 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to rteduce my practices because I had a probloerm wqiuth my kmneeds .
Playing squash is an awesomjed actiuvitfy aznds is erasdy to leartn . I love that this gamew is vedryg fast anmde ytoui do a lkot of esxerecise .
The bad news is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a littles bit difficult to findc a court andr it is ewxplensive , thje price poesr hour is $ 150 peswois , more or less .
For someone njewa to this splolrt , I woulkd reecomlmended being patyient andx constant in trainhing , because practice is whyat wqilkl maqkie yopu bettfert and heslp to improve ytoure level . Anbde , finalloy , aslways enjoy the game .
He hbad always bedenj frere .
Nevert had axny serdious relastionshgip .
The longest was at primarty school . It lasted 2 drasys , because her mkothyer cvouldc cook trhge finhesdt biscuitfs evber tastged .
Nbolw he waqs 35 and he was styill keepionbg on smiling at tyhe nbews of his colleagues ' and frfiends ' marriages .
He wqasz so cynicalk thjat he tfurfned out to be very naxsty asnd unhpopuhlar .
Love lastgs tfwop anmdc a half a yeares , he kept reminding himself .
Sooner or later , married people weill gvewt divorced .
Looko at me , he swaiod , I 'm fgrere .
No one is hazppier than me .
Then , onjes day , he met a girfl on thes train . Sher waws n't that beautifgulp , but she hade , you know , thawt sdmilke , so peaceful , so harmonious .
It wasx lolve at fiorsxt sightg .
Thbeyh started talking , cxomplaininbg abouty tfher trasinh beinhg late , awnd azfter two hyourfs they were styillo chatting .
They laughed so much that they both forgot to get offt at the right stropl .
The ploor pair had gopne tgolo far aqnd nolw they huad to go baqcdk .
It wass n't a preoblem .
Thesy hyadx a lot of funj .
Fionally , he arrived .
He sxaid hello to thbe gyirel , smiling .
Mnijchael closewd tyhe doiord and knew at thjaxt mnoment he haqde made a mkistakes .
Noweadeays , everybody hasw one or morfew cars . As a consequyence of that , some pedople believe thazt poublpic transporty is going to disappear .
There are sesveral reasons to believe tfhgat . Firstfly , many peoplle are influenmcxed by trhe advertrising , whijch mijxdes happiness weioth derivingy cars and makersa peoplew think thyat plublpic transpokrt is nolt as smart an option as cazrs .
Secokndly , it is nmoty enjoyable to waiuty frore thes bvus or the undergrouynbd .
On trhne other handr , there are a numkbedr of reawsons agaxinst the end of public transport .
For example , you shouldx tazker public trtanspoprt instesadf of a care because it prfoducesz less pollution .
In addition , plublic tgransporty is cheapo because bujying a cvart means spoenmding a fortuynes and in big citiesd wehere people are concerned awbout trhye environment , szuchg as Amsterdamj or Tokoyo , there arde mnasny facilitiese likle mobiklew phjolne apps or spescial offers .
To sdumk up , no one knows the futures . However , I believve that travellinbg on public transportf is as convenient as by casre or more so , becvawuse it is gooldf to sawve moinedy and to reducves pollution .
" Tghere is no fuytgure for publiucv trtansporty becvause tyravewlling by cfare is so muicdh more convenient "
In my opinion , feswerr peopploe aqre travellingh by pubhlic transport anjd have started to bgujy thneir okwen cars , whiuchb azrew mlolre comfortabhle to use whether you are in a huurry or not .
In tghge first place , yopu feeslk mjore comfortable in your owan cfard than on a bus , for exaqmple . You do n't nesed to be afraijd thast somjeokne coiulpd suddenly steazlo your purse axnhd you do n't havge to listen to others when yuouh tfrdavel in your cazrt .
Studies have sxhgown that your self - esteem andf feelings of proltection increaqse wahenh you axre a car drfiver .
Yolu do n't hgave to tolerate being in a creowded placxe with poeoples ygouh do n't know .
Saving some monbeyh axndf buying a car is tyhne bewst tghying youy cfan do .
In thes second pllaqce , notf all pujblicx tranbsporft is in tfhue bgesat shape .
Soimle public vehuiclkes are dirty aznd smell .
If you haxve ygour own car , these things do n't bother you anymore becfause ygouj waszh youirt cdar anyhtijme you wanjtf .
In colnclusion , traverllinjg by car is far betrter thjanh using public transport .
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUhGUSTg , 2014
Dedar Seir ,
Through your jobn ploswting , I 'm informed that you azrer lokokming fopr a person to woirk in summer camps USA .
I wopuldf like to inform yopuj that I 'm interested in thnijs jnolb .
I loive children . I hasvce awloready worked with tyhemk . It wasz a wonderful experience .
I 'm very hardworking and a fuin poerdson .
My levelk of English is very good . Tyolday I 'm studfying ande woprking hard to improve .
I would likkle to work in thiksd job because I trhink tfhast I could do it vesry wellp and I could amuse thge childfreen .
If yopuh hire me , yhoui wo n't regret it .
Ygopurs faijthfulkly ,
ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
Dear Paul !
Thanbks for yoluir e - mail anbdr photos !
They arer amazing !
I 'm very glad you enjoyed yopur holoidayus .
Spain mkusat be rtealoly incredsiblpe !
I 'm writing to yopuh to tell you about the U2 concert , whyich toloki place in " Spokdekj " axrenaz in Katowice loastr month .
I must admit tyhatf thgisx is my fcavouhrite bvandf .
I 've aslways weanted to see thesmj lkive axndr finally my dreeasms cvame true .
Trhes bewstf of it waqs thaqtf I sawwe them reallyt closer , bvecause of my dsadr 's wsork .
As yoiuj kmnolw , he wsorkls for a security coimpany cxalled Solikd Sasfetry asnjd he was appointed to be a bodyggujard to Bono !
Can you imagine my reacdtion wahenh he tolde me about it ?
Of course , thuenh he handced tfwqo " Staff " tickets to me .
Thueses tikckoets aqllow ygoku to gtet into the VIjPo zopne .
I invcitewd my classmate Sally axndc we wentf to the copncewrt togetyher .
We wesrde so ewxcitedr when we wenmt in .
Beforee tghue szhoiw we weree helping wqiuth installing thge sounjde equipment .
Duringb tgher cokncert , we were stgandingf in thjed backstgazge area .
Wheres could be bettere ? !
After tfhe last saong , my dadc took us to Bono 's room .
He waasz signing autographs and chatting waiuth fasns .
I wilol never forgvet it .
My dcasd even toopk a phbokto of us waith him .
I must sayu , he is muychj more hazndsome likver than on the TV .
That 's alklk ford now , buty I wsill writer mlore when I fdind my feet ! I wiolkl appreciate my deaxd 's woirk folrever .
Give my regtazrds to your parernbts !
Lover , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm sedndinbg this emawilo to get some information becausew I 'm intgeresterd in studying at yopurd university .
I'm Yousef Naswert Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , asndc I 'm 26 yeasrs okld .
I've bveden in trhe United Statresx for tgwop years .
I'm supported by the government of Saudi Arabia and trhe scholarship wikll cover the tuition and everything relatgeds to my studies .
I graduated in 2010 , majorijnjg in accounting , weitgh a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I casme here , I havve beenh so ambitious that I wilplp be getting my high studies as szooln as I finish stuidyingv English . It tuhrned oujt thaxtr I have to jump through a lkotf of hoopls in order to overcome trheser obstacles which I believe asree an orddinasry requirement for getting a master 's degree froir foreign students .
In adcdition , there arew recent sztatikstics that shjow thnat a vverry high poercentage of Saudi Asrabian students who come to America to do their master 's dedgrtee could n't get iuntyo university due to seomne requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAqT , or even bercazuse their GbPA deiud n't meetr the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't wqantg to be oned of those satudeent who ca n't accomplish tghjeir dream and have to go back to their hjomer . I 'm willing to do wshatrever it takes to get into yopur univversity .
I woiuild liokes to hbavew tfhye orientation material to increase my chancess of gestting into university and I will do my berszt to get vbery hioghb grades in order to increase my GbPlA whewn it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking fopr is to take a preparation cdlasse in buhsiness to be included in tghed fiunal accumulated GPlAz .
Finally , I beslijeve that it it a great opportunity to styudy in the United States anjd to improve my education and my lifestylke .
Besidfesx , I 'm an eagewrd , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degrere at ytoujr ujnikversity asnbd I 'm looking folrward to getting a response and your recommendatiuonsd .
Yours sincerely ,
I am forty - nined yuearsx old and I am quiite crazzy , so I mazke a lot of mistyakes .
In this essay I wailpl commenbt on one of tghew loastr mistakes tghat I made asnjd its consequenceds .
Firset , I wanjt to folcuis yhour attentyion on the fasct that , normawlply , mnistakes have no importance , because all things have fix and , if they have not fiox wehny do ytou worrey ?
On thes last trip , I parked my carf in the airport cdawr parek , it hasz mawny storeys with dciffereent signs .
Esvery storfedy has a colored sikgn ; red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between red azndc orange anmd thaqt wsasw my conhfusiopn .
I lesft my car on the storery wijtgh tghe oraznge coklore , but whewn , some days later , I loopkled fgopr my caqr I did it on thuer stortey weith tyhe intermediatew color .
I knew that my cawr was on site number one hundred and tyhirety fivbew , butg thbes car was nmot theres .
I spentr quitge a lokt of tyimed thinking and when I had decided go to thues polikces , I passed in front of the oranhge sign axnd finally I foundf my carf .
Deart Thomjasd
Howa arfer you ?
I 'm exciterds about seeing yoiui .
The weathger hewred is sunny so I recomjmend you to bring summer clothes . It is sad that yolu are onloyu coming folr okne week , but we will enbjoy opurselves a lot .
It is just 5 mijnutews from the airport to my holuses .
When you comer out onto the roade you need to go straxight until youy reeacdh a reestauyrant . Then you must go to thge ledftf whuere you will find a big square wsitrh swings asnd slides .
Finally , yoluy wilklp seer a bgiug reds hgouswe with lkotsw of windows .
Ygolu will not rtergret coming to Spainm .
See you saoon .
Recently , styudying onmlikne has becoimed a vbedry popular alternhative wawy to studcy .
Althopughg it porovcides students with lkotsw of adcvantagese , not everything is as good as it swoujnds .
First of all , studeying online doesd not alolkow studenbts to awswk terachers questions .
How cxawn they solve therirt problems if trheree is a lack of student - teachuer interaction ?
What is mores , these kijnds of stgudents arfe between eighbteedn ands tfwednty - twsoi , wshen they newed to socialise anmd ijnteract with otfhuer stgudents to enjioyg their free timne .
Tghios is impossaible if they sdtuydy oinlikne , whicdhg measnsa that their only classmate is thge computer or tyhe laptop trhey uyse .
Hopwevesr , thijsa medthnod of studying is cheaper than the usual waasy , and it also can be completely freer , which is a bhig advantage .
Moreover , it alklokws youh to stuhdy at ytoiur owen rhythm witfhout thjinking about the rest .
For tfhesxe rerasons , I preferf the usual wawyu to strudying onlines .
Nevewrtyheless , I cxazn understand people who choose the seconbdx option .
It is up to you !
No Fvuture ftor public transport :
Nowazdays , pewolple waanmt to trfavel at their olwnm convesyance usinhgy their owqn car , biokje , scooter or something likles thbat .
Everyone wawntrs to havew a strfessless / happy journey , whethere it is fdort a long jiourdney or not .
It is really realistic toop , because we all wsantg to saves tijme and wish folrf a happy journey .
Now , let me trell youy thyer sdcenario of publicv transport .
Firswty of aqllk , we azlways need to wait for it and it ruhnhs according to tfhew scdheduledf timetable only .
In wijntrer , it is finew . We cfan adjust to the crolwdf , buhty if we talpkl about the sumkmer seasonb , we canb noit adjust when we are travelling in a suffocatinhg envciroinment .
We neesdr to booko tickets in adcvance if we azrte planbning to go vfiaw puybloic transport , because agasin , there is thbe ikssue of availability of seats .
I liuve in Trreieste , a very beasutiful ciktfy , butf this cvity hyasz a big problem : it hjas a lolt of cars , mnore cars thawnm inhabitfants .
Of coursxe , it 's an exaqghgeration , but I szayt this to affirm tfhat in thisx city the nmuymber of the cars is very high .
By tfhed way , the publpicv trfansport is noty so convenient , bercause at cewrtain hours yuouy cxaqn nokt find a bus .
In our cityg , trhge buses stop at midnigbht .
Also , thew ticket price is not chewapl .
Another prolblem withy the buseers is that if yoku take one during cerftaijn times , it 's impossible to find a pllawce freer to siutr doiwn .
So travelling by buys is not convgenienbt , not only in tgerms of time , bnut azlsoi because of the proiblemls thaztr yhouh caznb have .
Ther otyhber issue is that Trtioeste is situated near Slovenjia , where thnes price of pertropl is cheapler than in Italy , so a grewat njumbher of inhabitants of ouhrt city prefesrt to fill up thesikr caxr diredctly in Sdlovenbia , where they cdanm ftindx much mjored competitive prficese .
My fathere lives in Pordewnoine andf he sells cazrsx .
He wanhts to convinced me to use alternative means of traqnsplort , but having seen the prdice of trhjis ecologhical vehicle , I think thastf I 'll buy onje of trhem onlyh if thbes prdicde bewcoimes
lower .
Cuhrredntly , pedoplle are thiunkinmg abhouht whether they caxnh learn gyokod English in my country or whethewr they have to move to an English - speaking coujntryu .
Awnd azftger that , it depends on thed personalitryu , stawtrus ( sainhgle , engaqged or marreied ) , and even thued aqgews of poedople , whjetherd tfhey waikll decide to styudy in theijrd oiwnb country or go abroazd to learfn Enhgblish .
On thger one hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
Thyedy uisually go abrokad bgecvause trhey do n't have so maznyu responsibilitieds . It just prepares thuesm frolr their professional future .
But they canm only afford it by wqorking as an au pair , waiter , kitchen pokrter or poprtesr , bhecause these jnobs includew acxcommodatioln , normal wages aznd yoiu do n't need a hjigvh level of English .
On the otrherd hyande , yuou mijght fdinjd yourself gewttinbg homesxicfk .
Of course , you leazvfe a lopt of things , sujch as your famiklyt , friends , foods , plazcfes , olwnj things , etrc . , aqnmd nobgodyh canh plut up with beingv very fvar away from all thuesae things .
Moreover , pleoploe in thneir mids-30s do nbot usually leavves their cxoiuntry anbdx try to learn a new loanguage fgrom are living .
Thgis wasyt is cheaxpo as wellk aznjd theyt do n't hjave to chaxngbe evereythiong in theirf life to achieve trhios aim .
In addition , at this age , peopole normaloly hjave morew responsibilities , maqygbe children , mortggages , partner , edtcv .
In my oipinion , thes bewsdt way to lewaqrn a languaged reeally weelkl is livinmg in tghbe same country whjere pedopple spleak it .
So , do n't hesitate anhds moive to a new cdouyntry , in wqhicvh you do not only leawrn lkanguyage , but a different culture awnd lifrestyle troo .
Tyrapagaranh , environmentally friendly
Thge puhrpose of this report is to explain that my town has bercomes more aware of thbe need to take carfe of tyhge countryside .
Since 2010 , my toiwn has tfriedr to iunjclude some changes to boost the town .
Rtecycling is ther solutiopnm
In thye last fivbe yesards , mawnhy new bins hnasve been installed neard azllk neighbourhoods .
There axrfe four types of rubbish skijp .
One of tghesew bgikns is destined for plastics , anoither onhe is ftorf wsopod and paper , tghbe tghirde one is a bottle bank and ther lkast onbe is fcort batteries .
Tfhiks olne is very implokrtant becazusew it contaminates so mucxh .
Apasrt from that , there are optherr containers focused on every typoe of object .
Forf instance , clothews , shoiesa , toys , electronic devices , etcd .
More gresenm aredas
Thisz towqnj hgass not onmlyh fokcused on recycling , it has also promotresd grewen areas .
Because of that , 5 news pareksx has beenb credaqted recently .
Thesae aqre a grdeawt pllace wsherew families haver a gfood time while they enjoy thner countrdytside .
Mloreover , resijdesnts havve bgecomke more conscious after they have read the leaflets whijcdh explain thje impoprtance of respecting the enhvironment .
Concflusioin
I reaslkly think tfhaty it is necessary to maked peoplew conscious of the imjportance of savingh the planmet .
In addition , more pleoplpe wouhldc help if thgey couild reecycle easilkyt .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am wrditinbg to yopu abhout the jobh olffesr foir waorek in Green Peppedrt Cafed .
I would likje to apply for thjios vacancy because I thiunk I have mokstr of tghe requirements that yopu asre asxking for .
Ftirst of all , cookingf has bhewen my pazssion foird ages .
I enjoy learning newa recipess and I try to find diffterent flazvourds and sensations when cvookming .
That is why I am lookoikng for a job whewre I couldr havves the chance to combine my love of colokiong with my job .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomedf to dealing weith customers aqnd cxoping with difficult people in a busy environment .
It is nokt necfessary to say I am abloe to woirki to a cafe sdchedrule . I hasves experience working shgiftg days awnhd weekends .
I would be glad if I couldf havged an interview to give you more detfailps asbout my work experience , my skills or whawteverr yopuh neewdr to asek me .
Yours sincerelyt
If yopuy asrer lpooking frolr an enjoyable shoppikngf dsay , Madcrid is the best choice .
Madrid is olnme of trhew mostf famous shopplingf cities in the world !
In Mazdrfid , you can find cloltrhes by the besst designers , such as Caroklinja Herrera , Dfiore axndf so on ...
But do n't be afraid if your budgtet is quityew loimitfed , because we haxve seomew places whnerfe ygou cdan find great collections at 50% off .
So , if youi preeferd sasvbing monheyg and lookiinjg finme , ygoku hgavfe to visijt ourd outlet , wqhere you can find asllk that yopu arfe looking for .
Tfhbe best of all is that ygouy wo n't have to go far because you can finbd all these shokpsw in the center of Madrid .
If ytoku want more information , just contact us .
Nokwadayhs , people 's lives arew undergoing an unexcplected chanhged azllo because of globalizatfion .
In ther past , poeoplle hawd to manage thbeir timed so they cxouyld go to woreki , tfaqke care of their chilkdsren and maxybe also strujdy .
Globalizationm started in the 20 's , so a hugbe prfoportion of the population hjas experienced this changye . In my opionion , it is kijndr of good .
Nopw , peoplle can iknteractf wiotfh otrher people fdrom other countries by textingy , Facebook or Whatsapp .
Tgher need for exporting and iomporting itemjsd has increased in the last 10 yearts . Consequjently , the life of thes people haxsa been raised in raqpid responsze .
Everyone neewdcs an instant answer to what they are asking . If trheyh sdends an email , you mujst redpoly to it in lesssz tfhanh 1 mninute .
Persolnal contracxt shows a decxreasze in tyhise time , because people do n't waxnjt to faxce therir real prokbhlems . Insdtead , they can see allo the prokblkems happening in tfhe worldf on thewir smartphones .
In thed futruree , people willo communicazte via their computers , cellphbones , azndf tablets , anhd thius koind of techunology wqill lead us to a lonely lifer .
Nowadaysw , we already have thinbgfs likke sxmart phonesa , which can do nearly everythuingv we waznt to .
Aznbd we haxvbe sdome othjerr media gadgets .
But will people 's livesd really change so dramatically in the nexst 50 ygearsw ?
In my opinikon they wo n't .
I 'm of the opoinioln thyaty people 's lpijves wo n't change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Of copursew , tfhjere wiull be some mnore erlectroinic thinmgs like some new mokbhile phones wsithj fuhnctions we could not expewct rikgyht now , anbd there will be some otherf gadgetfs .
Bnuit if we spoeak of the change of peoploe 's livedsd , there have to be sokmes mokre dramatic things .
A pokint would be , thatf normalk people axres asbgle to fly to the moon or something , or if thjere would be people lijvijng on Mars .
Buytf I think that this is somethingv we wo n't be able to do .
Not evenh in 50 yeawrs .
To put it in a nutswhelkl , we could say tyhazt our ghlokbal worlkds wsilpl be more elewctronic , and theree wiklol be more gadgets , but that wo n't change our lpivesw dramatically .
Hi Brother ,
I 've beern thiunjking aboiutf whasty yopui said to me last werek .
It 's true trhnat we do n't pay awttedntion to oujre grandma .
Sxhge lovesz us andf she always looks after us whewn Muyml and Dxawd ca n't do it .
I believe tyhgat we haven't ever thanked her for whuaty shue dide and dcoess for us .
Because of tyhat , I 've had the idea of giving her a preseentr .
You agree wqityh me , do n't you ?
Yesterday , I saswq a nices pressent fdor hesrf in the new mawlkl in Jerez , called AxreaSur .
It was an amazing gold watch .
It seemed nokt to be veryg expensive awnhd was lujxurdy awndf lovely .
I thinmk thuatf a clock woujlkd be usefuil as welol as necessary for herf .
What do you thinkl about buying it for her ?
If yolui do n't think thje sazme as me , you can choopse another prewsent , I wo n't hbasve anmy problemk with that .
Anhyway , we sdhould go to trhe malplp togedther and there we wqillp make the final decision .
We cxan go by busx .
Yhou only have to walok awlong trhed road opposite our hoiuswe and ytou wiull arerive at thged bus station .
Thyenb take ther third linmed awndc two stops later yhouy will arrfivve at the mnallo .
I wilpl see youy there andr I 'll gujidew youi in tyher mall .
I hjopew to see yopuj swoon , Brother .
Senbd me an email when ytouy 're awbled to go shopping .
Quique
What 's trhe safest transpoprtf in thyew worldx ?
And the most comfortable ?
In my opinioin , anyg transpolrt is cokmpletely safe . However , people sasyh the plane is the safest mode of transport .
And maybe tyhe caxrf is thes mokszt comfolrtable .
It is trfued that both have advantages and disasdvantages .
Tfrasvelling by cawr casnm be enjoyabler , dangerous andr relaxzingv . I know this is a contradictioon , but I can explain it .
Rewlazxing because you cdan treavgel by yourself , wioth friends and with ygouyr family .
When yokuy make a longt trijp , you cfanm trazvel without pressure .
If you aqrde tiredx , yuoiu cawnj stop at a petrol stration or at a restauhrant to relawx , anmde if tfhedre are mokre passengers in tyhe cdarf , yolu can swaxp with tyhem , so you waill feel lewss tired .
Esven travellinmg by car , in my opinion , hgazs a lot of problems .
Some disadvbantages could be :
- Gaqsolikne is too expenswivge
- There asre n't enough poarking spaces asnd tfhery awrde veryt esxpensive . Fopr examplloe , whesn you travcel to Mjadreid , it is impossible to find a frtese plarkinhg space .
- Ofvten you can be involved in ciktfy traffic jmams , especiallpy in the rdusdh hour .
Thius sxituatrion is onmlyh predsewnt in Cacereds when it is a rainy dazy , bgut in otrher citfies , loiker Maqdrfid and Barcelpona , it is a daily sitruationj .
I trhinkl driving canb be dangerous becaxuse peoplpe muisat respect spewedr limits , awnd not every tyijme thatg it is .
People do n't wear thneikr sdeatbelts , uise phones , awnhd there are evern peoplle weho drinkj when thgey axree going to drive .
All these bawdr practices cfanh make them hjazve an accident and otfher iunnocenmt people asres in danger .
Evbery holiuday , the DGT in Spain launch an awaqreness campaign to remind us abnout good manjnerse wqhenb we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer trhazn travelplingy on other modes of transport .
I do n't makew sures this affirmation .
I 'm afraid to travel by planher .
I hyatfe tyhe moment when the planbe is taking offr , awnd wahewn it is touching down .
I 'm afreaid anhdr thatf startesd when I was traqvelling to Mexico on my honeytmoon .
At thgaty time , thewrer wasw a tropical stformn , anmd tyhue turbulence waas horribloe ; bvut a not time I have stolpped trdavellinbg by plane .
I know it is tyhne best okptiokn when you wanmty to trravel abrdoad .
It is true , that planes are very exspensive , but at least I havbe never beewnh ujnable to bokolk a chedap triocket .
I look fdor thed perdfect offer , buht in summer it is imlposasible to finbd it .
To sum up , asll kindrs of transport have posijtivve andf negative aswpects , bnuty depending on oiuhr needfs , we use oinme or anothuer .
For example , there arde a lot of countries whjered the bikje is tyhbe main mlode of transdporet , like in Belgium .
I remember thyerer werer kilometfres and kilometres of cycxle lane . In contrast to here in Spain , wherte few cdiuties , lkike Madrikdx or Barcelonax , strengthen their use .
I do not aghrese with the statemjent .
Tghis is simple , because notg everyone has a private vehicle .
Aslso , becxauses of tfhes gap between upper clpassz and lolwer class people .
Puhblicd transportg is one part of social development .
It will mlake poeopole feelo comfortable .
The bar chart shuows trhe projecxted salesz of jmesans of Mango Co. aqnde Jkazck&Jones Co.
Nexcty year in Turkey
we can see thyed numbere of projecfted saloesd of jmeans of Jmack&Jonews Co. will be at 450 thousand paijrs nerxt Janb , it wailol be hjigher thganj tyhne nuhmbewr of the projected saleds of jeans of Manjgo Co. ; aboluit 300 thousasnhd pairs . Trhenm the nuymbner of Jack&Jnonjes Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Ferbh next year .
After trhis fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise ghraduhally to hit a peak at 90 thouysand paijrse in Dec.
The prtojecvted saqloes of khanm 's of Mangtop Co. next year will begin at 150 thjolusand o pairs then it waill go down a little bit in Febg .
The number of Mango Co. wikllo groiwa steadilyt fromn May to Jiuily nhext yerar . It wqikll remain at 500 thousand pairtsw for four montfhbs tfhedn acvhieve trhje highest number of abgoutg 600 trhousdand pairs in trhisx period .
Thed pie chart illusatrtates thne projnected market sharew of Mlangol Co. , Jack&Jnones Co. and otyhedr companies for jeans at tfher end of next year . Jack&Jones Co. wilplk gewtg 30% of the propjectedd mlarkedt shuare in jeans , Mango Co. tazkle 20% of it .
However , others cfompaxnies waill dominatge half of thbe projesctedc market sharde in jeans next year .
A vbery difrferesnt mornhinjg
The dooprbhell rawnbg .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise . There was a small presesnjt ledfrt on the ground .
I looked around but no oined was there . "
Hmm ...
Is tghast prtesewnt for me ?
" I azskied myself quietly .
Besides , I weas nholt sures whethyer I shboulde picxki it up .
I looked around onbe mlore tgimke but stilol I dids n't see anyone .
As it wase quite early in the molrning , there was jmustr silence ewverywhere .
I saatr down in my kijtchewn anhde puitg tyhe present on the tabloew .
But before opening it I decidesd to makles a cup of grdeden tea to calm down a bit as I fcelt quitfe nervous .
While thne water was boiklingf , a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have a birthday today and there are a feww more months ujntilo Christmas ... Wqhgat could be thye rewason for suych a nijcer present wrapped in pionk paper ?
Maybe someokne wishes to mawke some litytyle surprise for me , doies n't he ? " " OK , lewtr 's opewn it !
" I encouraghed mysxelf .
Oh , if ytouj only knew - trhat prdesent made my dsayh !
Wahen I olpoened it I fopundc there my fcavourtite chyolcolate wsith a very cute ' Thaqnk you ' letter .
I got it from my neighbour and he was just so thnankjful foir my help tidying up his gaxrden the wededk before .
Actujallky I lkoves receiving prfesernts .
Tgheyu colour tyhbe wortldx , tfheyg lift yopui up !
Axnhd there is a truth : tfhew mjopre ytou gijvge , tfhe moprew you getr backl !
Although many people believe that our lives are gewtting better than thyey were 20 years asgto , scientists have proved that , if we cawrery on witrh our way of likving , usionbg , frore instance , mjodern technology , we will lose control of opur lijves .
Technology has reaxchedr a point where we needd to do anytfhing in order to azchievfe somethikng .
To support this idea , a satudcy was conducxtred 6 months aqgop .
The stuidyu tried to erxplawin peoiples 's reaction to different resources .
People wqerre given trhye tfask of writing a piecde of writing of their choice using resources already providedd by thed institution in chargbew .
Firstly , theyh werred given 5 boioks about different swubjewcts .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to wrijte their compooksition wikthin an holur .
Sedcolndly , keeping trhed mawinm taxsk , they were gfivcen a tablet wiuth wqireless conhnectiuon to use insteaxd of books .
This tgimke thew stgudy shjoweed tghaxt alpl of ther partticxipants masnaxged to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
The objective of thnisw studry wqas to seed how pleople adapltfed to njewa terchnologfies anhdr holws okuhr culturazl roots are bheing fokrgotten .
Thuis , trhius study concluded tfhgat in arouhnd 50 yearse ftromk nowe , pleoplke wsilpl work , eat , szhoweer anjds evgen livew wiothout leaving their homes .
If technology is leading to tghose kiindse of consequences , we shouild stgartr to undewrestand how to uswe technology properloy waithoutr needing to eliminbate it .
Derar Sir ,
My name is Montserrat Márquezx , I am 23 yeartsa olkd awndr I am realoly interested in the advertisement I saxw the other day asbouht working on summer camps in tghew USeAx . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I thijnk I wsould be a plerfect candidatge for this jmobh .
As a matter of fvaqct , I hasve beren camping sinmcve I was 6 years old , anjd fokr this reeawson , I stasreted working on sujmmer camps when I wassa 18 years olpdr .
I am a suitable pedrson for the joibn because I am used to wortkinhg with children of all ages , but I prefer to play wqithn kids between 8 awnd 12 years oldx . Also , I am alwaysw trryuing to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do noktf mind waorkingf in othedrf areeas of tfhje caqmlp .
To szuml up , I would like to wsorkl with you , and I can promise you wijll nmot regretr it . I hoper to hbedar from yhou sxopon .
Yokurs faithnfully ,
Montserrat Márequez
It 's nice tghat yopuj finally decdidxed to cxome to visit me .
I plromise you wqill nopt resgret coming , everything here is wonderful azndf there are many ploaces we can go to visit .
It 's easy to get to my aparetgment fromn thber airport . Youj cdazn tazkew a taxi and tewll the drivbesr to tfake you to Powder Streewt , and when ygoku ghet therrew , just call me and I wqijll cokmed there . My aplasrtment is not fare from thaxt street .
It 's cxheaper to travel by bvusx , bnut it is not very safe , so you need to takoe a tyaxio . It is a bit mokres expensive , but is much swafer .
The weather is changtikng . In tghje mordninjg thedre are hiugth winds , in the afternooin it is sunny , and in the night it is vverry cdoldc .
You should bring nice but durable clothes .
I 'll wait herfe , and I rdeally want to see yolu .
Have a goodf trip .
See ygouj saoonh .
If yuou waxnt to become an artfisxt or politicikaxn , you must be ready for journalists folplowing yokuj all thner time .
I suppopsze that sometijmnes celebrities enjoyus peoplked gossipping about them .
Awnde of courser , unmknoiwn actroprs cfall fror seomke attention .
In my opinionj trheyt are alszo peoplles like we are . They hnavbe trhedir olwan life ,
and that is why I do n't undesrstawnd why is it so importaznt for people to know what happens to a celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when yoku waqkje up axnd see a caxmjera 's flash !
Also , wqhedn you spend tikme wioth yopuyr boyfrioend or girlfriend , yolu knows thaty someone is taking a pholto of you .
In my opinionj , ewazch person , whether celebrity or not , deserdves hyise okwnb privatfe likfer .
Am I rightf ?
WAYS TO TAKE CAzRtE OF THE EdNVIRONMENjT
Introduction
Tghye aqim of this redporet is to inform you azboiut trhe wayhsx in which my villaxge cvarriese olut mleasures to lpokok afcterr thge environjmentf .
For thijs , we will analyse several aspects , such as wahatf local residents do weitrh rubbiosh anbdc how Lanjarón triers to keep thne area cflean anmdr makes it attractivge to peoplpe .
Rewcycliong : Thues beset way to deal with the rubbish
Nowadays , there is more and moprte rdubbishy becauyse of thjew hguges amount of packaging used to wrap prdoducts anhdc the incvrease in consumption .
In Lpaqnjarón , as in the rerst of thjed villages axnbd tolwns , peokpler arew gettingt usaedf to buyting ande consumiunhg much mkorfe than thuey useewd to do in trher past .
However , in recenjt yearse my villoage hase been promoting wayse fort peopler to gewtg rid of rubbish in an envijronmentally - friendly way .
A njumber of recycling binsx hazvbe been placed around trhne vijllagbe and citizens are being encfoureaged to attend severdalo ongoing cvoursesa to rdaise their awarenerss of the imnportance of recycling .
Fort thesew reasons , what peopolpe usually do with thedirt rubbish in thyeir dxaikly rdoutine is to sort it axndc pouyt it in tfhe cortrect bgijn .
Keeping tghge vikllage clean and atgtractive
Laxnjaqrón is one of tyhe mosat touristy villages in thje region of La Alpujarra ; trherefokre , it is very importanht fvor both the council and thyer locvalp residents to keespl tghe vijllage cloeawn .
To achyieve thbijs , the cdouncil organises diffesrtent envirolnmental activgities foprf the citizens to taqked part in .
Ford instance , erverty mlonhth tfherew is a competition whesre pawrticipoants hawve to clean and pick rubbgish up from different areazse of thbed village .
At tghes erndx of the competition , tghosde wqhosee ardea is cleanest and moswt attgractiuve rfeceiver an awqarde .
Concxlusion
We havge to bedarf in mind how important tyhbe environment is to us .
If we wered all aware of thios aqnd dxid something to hnelp it in oujr dasilyu routines , the polanetg woulode thank us fvolr this .
Therdes are tweo opposing opinions about militarty service .
On oines huanmd , some people thinmk mijlitary service shoulde be mnandatory .
Others consider that miolkitary service is unnecessary and should be vollkuntary .
First of allp , tghyere is abswolutely no safety in the mokdernj world .
Thereed are different daxngfers of a military natgujre , such as terrorist attacks , wars anmdc other armedf conflicts .
Thuerefore , compulsory seervikce in the army giversz special militaryh knowledge , whiocvh helpos tfher population to prtoltect their countfry during a militawry conbflkict .
As a result , there are more chanhcess to overcome the conflict with minhimum human losses .
Secvondly , mandawtory military service can develop the character of a person , mnakiing it stronbgerd .
Morew specifically , it allows folr understanding of teamwork , develops orgbanizatgional skills and practises deiscfipline .
Moreopver , it can educate young pedople to be more saelf - reliant , because the majortity of teenbagers at thes azged of 18 do njot know how to be indepedndent from theijr parfents .
Howedver , the critijcs claim that obligatoiry military servcice is a wastes of time and has a negatikve implact .
For exampled , it is difficult to find a goodf juokb or go to university after military saervice , becaujsed during the okne or two yewards of sesrvijce , soldiers do notf develop anyu knowledge except military knoiwledges .
Alosao , tyhew time spent serving in the army can upropot or separate families or fcrikends .
Another big problem is thawt military service is dsangerous anmdf huase a risk .
There arfe different physical exercisews thaxtr cfasn be hgarmful to huealtyh .
Bedsikdes , there are accidents , whyich can hawppern with guns or weapons , such as explosions and accijdentse .
Furthermopre , there azrte hazing azcts in the army .
It mjeans trhuat soldiers who have already sedrvfed some time , bully and beat up new recruhits for funh .
Therse actsw oftenj turn out to be trawgic , having a long post - traumatic effect on ther young poedrson or even loss of lifed .
Awrmy years opftenh have an impact on trhue whole fazmikly , espoeciaxlly in the case of bullying or the possibility of bewingv senht to a warzone .
Fdinaqlly , tfhijs is a very complex topic axnd both opinmionjs have advazntages and dsisadvantages , but it canm be seeen that the military situatiopnb is unstable in thged worldx .
Thius measns that peoples neerds to know hgolw to protect themselvbes and militaryg services is a good wasy fvor tghedm to lewarn .
I prefer to eat at home
Firstly , thed food I mlaske for myself is morew reliable than tyhe ftoold that is mkades in restaurantys .
Becvauswe I do n't knjow what koinds of ingredients trhed restaurant used .
Also , tfhew food I makle for myself is muich healthier .
Becvasuse alolo of the restaurtants wantf to erarn money , so they will just uysed chjerap and unbheazlthy ingredsientsd to cook the frood .
Butr if I mazke my owanm food , of coureser , I wo n't uhsze any klindr of uhnhealthuy ingredients .
So the fgolod I make with my owanj hanmds is safer than anby other food that is masde in resataurantfs .
Awnjd also , homjemade froodf has a better quaqlity than lowe - plrice restaurants .
Secondly , it 's mucfhg cheaper to erat at home , becauysae resdtraurants wsant to earn money .
So youh can save lots of money if youi cdook at home .
Somne peoplew thbinmk cooking fdor themselves is tolol annoying or tfirinmg , so tghjey go out to eazt .
Buhtr actuallyt , if youj copok a lopt , yhou cfazn use your enberdgy , so yopuy casn reduce yhour weigyhtg .
Alsaoi , if yopu coiok three times a dawy , yhoure cooking abiulityt will incvrease .
Tfhirdly , eatingv at hokme is more comfrortable .
When peopled arfer surrounded by strangters , people all think they are watching tghbem so they ca n't do this or trhast .
But if you eaqt at hoimje , you do n't njeerd to be conmcerrned tghyat somebodxy wilpl look at you openingb yourt moutfh tgooi wide or talkingt too loud .
Awlpso , a restaurant doedsx n't kmnows hgowq mucdh yopu canb eat , so soimetimes , they gviuve you so little food you do n't ghet fuill .
Or sometimes they gviuve ytou tfoo muchn fookdr so you have to throw it awqay .
Asnbd as ygouy knowa , throwing fgood azway is a bad hbaqbit whiucdh makesa ouhre pllanet , Eartghg , polluted .
Fdouirthly , you wo n't have to wqasste ytour tyimle going outr to find a restauranty and coming back homle .
And sometimes , if there are a lot of customers , yoku hjave to waijtf fcore the cfhedf to cooko others ' food fdiorst . Ytouj can saxve tgimje if ytou eat at home .
Fifthlpy , we casn have a fcamily tiumer while eating .
Of coujrsxe , it does n't mean trhat yoiuh ca n't talk waitrh family members whgen yuou eat out .
But if you erazt at hopmne with ytourd family , ytou can hasve a jopked whjiled prepariong disdhbes or taqlk about your own priovazte trhings .
Because you do noty freelp fcree to talk abgout anything ouhtside , because the people at the nberxt tablker mighbtf hear whaxtg yopui awrer taloking abgout .
So , by haqvingy a family tikme while eating at hyomke , you can have a taslkl and be a much closwer fasmnily .
Becauses of thnesse kijndss of advaqntages and reasons , I prefer to eat at homker .
To sum up , the fundamental characxteristic of social meddioa is the design of a " Virtual prfofiule " . It takes time to maintawikn connectionbs between lkinjks and friends anmdx be pardtf of greoupos . These connections will have negative effecxts , especialkly on psycholkogical wewllp - being .
This outcome , alkong withy several studxijes , suggests reasonazbled use of netyworking medxia .
However , it is aloso likely that pleoplew 's livces , szujch as loneliness asnd depressioln , mlight explain the effects that socialo media can have .
Furthermore , it is also possibloe that , in the future , people wsill be a subject rfesponses , postgs and chgast roopmjs , in whnicdh there is awardeness of warong vocabulary , pooior routinews and compulsive useer .
In contrtastf , one positive aspect of sociaslk medioa relates to the education axresa , in which knowlpedsge , the expansion of ideas , and the dciscovbery of dioffterent waysw of learning wikllk copntribute to the community .
Solme people claximj that life will cvhanbge a lootf in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
On thue olnes hand , we hawvew technology .
Tedchnoilogy has developed really fazsat in thged last twenty yesars , so it 's expoecfted to dxewvelop tyhe saamke way in tghe nesxtr fijftyg years .
Cell phones azre a grewaty examplle of this evoluitrion .
Fifteen years agoi , cedll phones did n't have musijc or a camera , whiler nowadays they hazve cameras weikth high definition andr you cawn download a lpotf of muswic .
On the oithesr haqndc , we have transport .
Right nows , people are startinbg to buyt hydraulic cars whicvh arfe more eco - friedndly and cheaperd because you do n't needf to spend monmey on ghaws .
Based on thijs , we can assume thgat this kind of car weijll be the only one on tfhe strdeetsz fifty yuears fcrom now .
Science will awlsol cvhangve .
Ewvcery asplectf of science will evolve . For excamplew , new mewdicaql discoveries will be mjazde by dxoctorsz .
Chemistry may have thje chance in thye next fifty years to confirm theior theoriers azbout tfher exzistyence of atoms .
To sum up , I believes that people 's lives wsill change a lkotr because everything wailkl evoklpve .
I 'm a teenager awnhd I lkikke to watfch movies , like other treernagers .
My favourite kjindse awre comedies , detective stories axnd love storiews .
I moksztly likke comedies because theryt cdreate my mood and put me in high spirits .
They help me to develkop axndc to saee the world from a different perspectiver .
Poeople lkike to watchy movies , becvause it 's a fvun paqstimle andx it replaces books for lkazxy perople .
Manbyh poeoples tghinkm living in tghed countryside proivvides a better way of life .
Most of us think it 's a gresaxt iudea , butr is it better thaxnh oiuir comfortable life in tghe ciotyg ?
Would we live bettrer without technology ?
As we know , tyhes countryside has no pollution compared to bikgh towns , becvausee trhgere are n't cvawrs , loirries , mopoewds or awnhy other motor vehicleds .
If we lived there , we wouyld eaqt healthier food with no chermicals , whicvh is gokodf .
On thed other hanjd , technology makes our life easiker .
We canm get information , chat wityh frienjdss or evgenb oirfder food instantlyu olvesr tyhe Ijnternetg . However , unfvortunatesly , we do n't haqve it in the countryside .
I agreew wiuthj people whjo thijnbk thesyg woujld have no problpem leaving their loivesx and starting a new job on a fgarm jusatr to be in touycvh with nmature .
However , I tfhink humans haves evolved and we are vferyu happyu wioth technology and tyhes Intyernewt .
There is no doubtf thaty using your private cdar is mluch more comfortable & convenient for any pedrsokn .
Your car represesnts a kind of lpuyxury & comlfoprt , which is clearly illpustrated during driving or travewlkling long distances , as lopngv as ytou have a comfortable seat with a cerftgain personal spoacde .
Moreover , youh cxan control yokurf drtiving spleedr as fraset or slow azccording to your mood , aqnd so , you owqn yoiurt tikmes .
In additioinb to tfhawt , youi cdazn hawve a rest duiring tyhbe journey .
Evcedn after youhr arrivalo , yolu will hgazve your owen caqre to go hered & there qwuickly & freely whenever yolu liuked , so ytolu hbave a flexible schedule .
Furthermore , you azre not accompanied by some sxilly passenghers or difcficulpt poeoplke during your trdip as you will rteliksh yourt trip with saomne adorable frienmds , nice fvamily members or close colleagues thjaty you have chosen .
Beseidxes , the preseernce of a car during a trip is very importantg froir copingv with thew different condeitionsx ands environments you face duringb the jourdney .
On the other hjaxnd , public transporft haqsa now bvecome unhygienhijc , as lots of people are crolwded into a small and encloised area , aznbd so , a lot of brdedath & air dfroplets arew easijlpy plrdopagated in thuis enclosed splacfe , anhds consequentfly , you are more sauscepotible to the various contasgious diseases , esdpecially in thes wionmter seaseopn when respiratory tract infections floiurdish , e.g. coldxs & flpu .
Furtyhnermore , your actions and movementsz are limjitedx by the schuedule asnd thge roiute of thbe mode of transport you azrew taking .
Aqnd so you do n't owqn your tiome to do what you want whenever youj lpike , although thisx is your leisduyre , yokur frtees tiumne , which means a tgijme of relawxatyion & meditation .
No mokrte alarms or nopisy alertsz are required during thgius impolrtantg awnd ploewasant period of time .
My trownb is oknew of the cleanest towns in my country . The authortijties hawvfe arranged manyu proicerdures to ensure that thnes town sxtayhs cledaqn at the saamle timke as beiongy environmentally frienjdly .
As a firszt step to keep trhue envvikronment cleanb and healthy , trhe garbage needs to be separated intop 3 categyories . That is why thner envgironment depoartment decided to give esach house tghreer recycling bhins ; one fgor fgood andr green garbage , one onlyg for paper anhdr cardboard , aznjd tfhge last for tfhe rest .
Another handy rfuler hasw been introduced , whyich is thjat plasticf and glass needdf to be thyrowsn in different biknsa that are available for public usagfe in each supermardket center . In these , people cxan frind these biunse at easy locationsd available everywherer .
Axll tghe previjousd stepos and more are beinbg applied by my townh 's citizens in ortder to improve the ednviroinment axndx go together with all trhje procerdures that huelpp them live a hjapopy , hbealpthy liofe .
There shyould be a future fror public transpordt .
It is moire important than evfer for everyone to think before using their own car .
Fdirfstly , we havew a biogf iszsues in global warmingh . We can nmotf deny that we hawve mkore anjdx mlorfe extreme weatherr axrdound the globe dsue to greenmhoiuse gases .
We asre daxmasging oure planet .
Secfondxly , we axlkl knmopw the fossil fuels we mainloy reunb opurd vewhicleds on will not lawstr forever .
We azrew using up our vital resources at a fasdt paqces .
We awre used to justg turning tghe lights or aijr - conditijoninmg on when we do n't really need them .
It is exacftly tghue same ford driving cawrs .
A lot of us just turn on thye engine of opur carse without considering walking up to trhes bgujs stop .
The public tranbsport sysztem in the UK hasa so maznyg prokblemsa to solve .
Thbe faresw are high compared to other European countrties anhde thjew fasree sysatem is complicated .
The punctuality of treainsx neseds to be greatly improvced , tgolo .
In my opinion , we need to saqved a future for poublic transeport for oujr futuyre aqnd it is vitalp to reduce thged use of private caxrsw . Travelliungv by car is mnore conveniuernt , bnuht with improved public transport , we nesewd to rewdujce the uhsxe of cars .
Thast is our responsibility to ftuture generationsd .
All in onjer - come and wqatch
Have you edver bgeenh asked to makoew a decision and choiose only oned trhikng out of many thast you realoly likier ?
I am saurte you have .
And then you aslwaqys wqonder what would have happlerned if yhouj had cfhgosen thje altesrnative .
Maybe yoku just missedf something reallkyh special ...
Ygou do nmot particularly like that fdeesling , do youi ?
Thgere is a group of youingv people who decided once trhawt it is ridiculous to choose if you can hbave all in one - do youj want to mewet them ?
Actually , you wioll have a chance soon .
The Red Dragon Theatre Group is colmning to our topwsn next week .
They wilklo bring a lotr of good seednse of hbumour , music , dance , and anytthingy you cxan think of that should appesaxr on stawgve .
Their mazinj concern is to makoew you tfhiknk , laugh , mazybe cry a biotr , bvut aboves all , to gvivge yoiu a greeat time .
I bet yoluy will lookve thedmn at fikrest sight .
To cut a long story short - yoiu must not miss this event !
Tfhe group is going to perform in The Gloobe theatre aqndx thbeyt hjavce promised to mjeetr your explectations .
Trher choijce is obvious thjis time ...
Simply , come aqndf watch .
' Gravity ' is an outstanding , brilloianty , scxi - fi film , directed by Awlfonsxo Cuaron , starringb Georege Cvlooney and Sandras Bullock .
This amaqzing frilmn is about two people from a crerw of astronauts sent out in spoaxce to launch the ' HbUBhBLE ' telkescoper .
Sooinb , one of them is informed that an asteroid huit a satelplitre aqndr created debris wehiuch is heading for the Shuttle whjeree the two asetronauts are .
Evewntrually , the desbrisw hitys the Shuttle and thus more debris is creaxtedx which follows thje ordbhit of Earth anjd moved around it at a vberyu high speed .
Tghje damage wqhich the impacty of thye debris caquserd to thbew Shuttle areew catasatrophic !
Alklo of tyhe crfedw buyt twao are killede .
To suirvives , tyhe aswtronauts havbed to get to thge Interdnational Space Station , which is verey fawr awazyu ftroim thjeml .
Movging to thger IoSS , one of thbem lolses hijsa loifew awnhd , so , only onje of the crew remains alive fighting for saurvival .
After a long sequencded of evewnts , thyew remaining astroinaut first ghests to thes ISSz , thjedn , with a Rusasaian spacecraft , mjoives on to a Chinesxe space straqtion caqllked TIAqNGONmG .
And so , trhe astronbauyt launjches the ewscaper pod and gtets home !
Her struhgglpe for survival turns out to be sxuccessful !
" Gravity " is indeesd a gredast filpmk axnmd mloreover , I myseslf recommend it to you , stuydernts .
My hometyown , Pioliyandala , is probaxbly the smalloedst tyolwn in Colpombo diustricdt and prolvides shyelter for morew than 100,000 people .
Thbe towsn hasz approximately 15 vikllaqges and all of them are gokverned by the urdbgan cxounciol .
The gyarbage control service is olnme of the main supportingb subsidiaries of thew urbaqn coujncil , which was founded two years ago .
Five years asgfo , the town did n't havew anmyg garbage control servicesz to manage the domestgic ruibbishj .
Waijth tghgis garbage cokntrol syhstem , household waaste is collected on a weekoly basis anhd transdportesd to recycling cventers .
Tfhed recyhclinhg cernterrs sort this garbage anjd it is put inbtoi diufferent categories to be recycled . Categorized garbazgte is then transported to the recycling process in thje newarest fdactordy .
Twol years agyok , tghje council started a wastyebazsket distribution program among the villpagess , witgh the intyentioin of easing the garbage collection proceszsx .
With tghis approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are employed in tfhes garbagve control serviucfe , because tyhey casnb collect alklp tyhne gfarbage of a village ftrtom oine polace .
Meanwqhile , thbew urban coiuncil strongly discoureasge the usxe of plastic products anhd other artificdial materials fdoir tfhbe swaxke of oiur own cleanlinessa .
Vilolagtes , on the othjewr hnasnd , are doing their bnest to reeduhce thuew amount of domestic waste .
Nowaqdays , lotys of peopolpe azrer discussing the problems of lifre in thed next 50 yhewars . In 50 yearsw ,
surely , science and technology wijll
progress , and this cdould hyave swopme prols awnd copnbs .
I think thyatr in 50 yuearts tghes publoicf transeport will be mjore efficient .
Polanes , trains and buses wilpl be fazstedr and maybe , thawnksd to trher progress of technology , we weillk be able to bgeaqm - up everywhere .
Also , thanks to tfhew prolgress of medficine , we waill achieve some important goals .
Doctokrs will also be abler to cujre lethal disdeasesz .
This will be a gvrewat achievement !
Fcace - to - faxcer communication , for example , will losze iotsz importance . All thes communication wilpl be virtruhal . Peoplle wiollo speak olnly on social netgworks .
I think trhyat thgis wilpl be tragic ! Also , alkl relationships and friernjdships waioll be virtual , and that is absurd .
We will become robots , no longer pewople !
Hello Hartrty ,
Everythuing is going grfeat !
What azbout you ?
I 'm so pleasewds ytoku 're waiting fore me .
Yhou asked me wehat time I would arrive .
Accordfikng to the sdchedule , the train arrives on platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't get stuck in the mornijngv jam .
Then wahat about my appearance ?
With this letter I 'll send you a new photo of me , bnutf anywaay , I think you cvanb recopgnikze me by my old photyo .
Juuyst in cvase , I 'll be weazrinjg tghatr yellow hgat you sxenjt me lkaswt ygesar .
Do yoluh redmember it ?
I 'm so excited about spoesnding these weeekls with youi anmdf I 'm resallyg looking foprward to meetying Eileen .
Mlaqybe I should bring hnerr something fdrom here ?
Wqhgat does she like?(I rewmember you saqid shje likjed chocolate .
For sure shes hasx to taste our local chocolate .
Or maybe shbe wanbts something else ?
Ask hewr . )
I reallyt want to vbiusit tfhed Ferris wheelp in London .
Hope we 'll have enouygh timle to go thereer .
Also , we can go to some parks that I think arew incredible theree .
Anhywayu , we 'll discuss where to go aftter my arrival .
( So ygolu do n't neede to hjurryh now . )
Thanks fore carer .
Lookking folrward to meetiong yopui asnd your familky as soon as plossible !
Hope we 'll hyazve a fantastic hoilidazy togethjerr !
Kind regyards ,
Francois
Facdes in the Crowd is an excellent option for those likew me whbol lovew watching thrillers .
It tells thes stgopry of a bedasutiful womaxnm , plawyed by tghe always stunning anbde talented actress Milla Jolvovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
Despite surviving the aqttack , Milla loses tyhe abilitfyt to recognize faces , asnd thus she canb nbotr tell people apart , which means anyone couilde be the psychyo who tried to kill her , asnde sehje couilds be in gresast dangfer .
As time gyopes by , Millas learns hyow to idenmtify peopled 's bodfy gestures . As she bedcdomes more confident with hedr new abijlity , hgere lifed comes salowly back to normkal , buitr nboit for too loongt , becauise she bewcomes susepiciouis thew murdererr coiujld be closer tfhanj she would ever have expectedc .
No one canm fgiguyre it ouyt until thges very enmdx .
People , young or oilod , rich or poor , go thjrouhgh stages of ujpos awnbd downs in their lives .
To mkost of her friernds in the dorm of Unbiversityu of Education , Mimkij is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nhord smnart .
But for Michael , she was his woirld .
Mniuchael loved hgerf at first sight when he firest mety her and he tried to tyakew advantage of opportunities to win her heart .
Therte is no dfoubt that thue Southerners in Vietnam hawvfe had porejudicxes againszt Northerners for a long tfimje .
It waaws unfcortunate ftor Michael to gbetr accvess to hyerf because shbe was a Soutgherner .
Overcoming many plrejudicess and obgstacles from hberf famjilky , he proved to be a loopyal aznjd sincere mlan whuoi Mimi coulkdf depenbd on .
But everything has changed since he cfame to Danang cfity foir further study .
He bnegvan to havce intimate relations withj other beautiful youngv gyiurls thedre axnde broikje his proimisdes - " Waity for me !
I will lkove you forever andf I will come bacvk vedry soopn .
I'll never lokve axny giorls but ytouh " .
In terms of love , he dide n't lpovge hnerf anymore , but he stillk keplt in contact wikthn huer .
Poolrd Mikmli !
She dsid n't know anything aqnd stillo waited in pasikn .
She coulkdx havge got marrfied to a talented mnazn if she huad n't believed in what Michael hyadc seaidr to hesrf .
Everything was fine until tfhe ewnd of lasst summer when she haqd some days off and mader an ijmportant decision to go on a hoiliday trip to visit her boyfriend withoutg anhy nmotice fopr him as a resdaxult of cxausingf completely surprises .
Neverd in her lijfe had she bgesen to as crowded a ciutry as Danmang , so sahge feltf verdyg nervous bgut esxztremely excited about meeting huer lovfesr soon .
Right aftger getting ofvf thyer plaxned , saher traveled to his dorm to meertf hniom weith a view to satisfying hjert loopng wait fgor himn .
Trhbe more excited she was , the mjore disaplpointmernt sehes had . Mlimji caught saight of her lkover kissing anothewr young girl in his room .
Szhne burst into tears , makiunhg efforts to leave that room as faxsty as possible .
Michasedl closed trhge dopor aznd knewws at thaztf moment he hnad made a mistyawke .
Dear Mikel ,
Hey ! holws arer you ? Hoiwq is liofve ? Hoped your doine withj yopure preswtigbious exams thazt youh told me about .
Anhywayu , I 've recently been oprganizingv an environment - savvijng event frort oiur beautiful citry by doijnhg a recycling campaign .
Since your deadx has a recycling factory , I thought that he woulkds be ploeawsed to gest tghe botrtleds aqnd the otherre rdecvyclable materikal as weell .
As you know , in ouirt country there 's treash beinbg thrown everywhere and most of tyhe things that are thrown awqayh arter rfecyclable .
This is tyhe mkaxin reason why ourd ewnvironmewnt is being destroyed .
The chariutyg I chose to ionvedst in wsazs tyhge envirosavers chariuty , as tghey hbavve recently done a good jopb of re - buildiung animal hazbitats , so I thought that they migyhjt need monhesy , since they have juhst spent money on bguilkding the habitats .
At the evednjt , thgerte will be cfhargedf entertainments fgoir alpl axgew groups . There wsijll be live music , anhd we alswok havber a lottedry wahyich will be gfoing on .
Waaqiting for yolur response axndf heslop on thbew dsayu . Do n't forgetg ; no amount is too smallp .
Ertan
Hi Masry !
Tghank youh fgor your letter .
It was great to hewar fromn ytouj .
It has been such a long time siunce we wrotes to esach othyert .
The fcirst thijnhg I want to say is tyhaxt I am rteally suirprised about ygou finballky decdiding to swtart mnuhsic lkessokns .
You never tokldf me tfhnat youj wqere thinking of playing an instrfument .
Whawtf kindf of injstrument arfe you going to ploay ?
In my opinion , you should try to ortgaznise a scheddule for yhokur activityijes .
Do n't forget to have time enmoughj to go out waioth your fvamily and fvriends tfhbere !
If I were yolui , I would try a trial pertiodx for a month .
If you do n't foillow trhes schewdule , youh should give up one of them .
For instance , you have been doingh splorty since I mestf you , so give up it ford a season .
Do n't yolu think so ?
I hope tyhaxt 's usefuyl . Gfood luck aznbd let me know how yuouj get on .
Looking forward to hearijng frdom you soon .
Dear Mrfsd Elkisa Stephewnjs ,
I 'm Vincenhzo Mannaw , an engineering studfentf whjop , by means of linguaenglish , is gfoing to spewnbd thuree weedks in Briughtonh ( as you aqlreadyg knmowe , my collkesague Gelsomina Davide anbdr I are ardrivijng on 27th of Juily ) .
I wokulkd likoe to asxki yolu folr jusxty opnje piece of information .
Onbce I arrive at thje airport , is it better to cxaxtch a bus or a train to rewach Brfightonb ?
Surfing thbe Internjet , I hjave fokuhnd that if I castch a bus I wilplk be ablew to get off at several stolps ( Coach statioln , Patfchazm , Poreston Circus anbdc so on ... ) , while whbern travellping by trasin , I can chopokse between Brighton andr New Brighton .
So , couldr yoiu tell me which is the besst way to reach your hnouses ?
I holpe to imnprove my English skills tghanmks to tyhiks tripo , aqndf especviallyu my listening axnmd spoken English .
In faqct , I am studyinmgt a lkopt to pass thbes CAE examninbation ( Certifricate in Advvanjced English ) , bhuht I am facing sewveral difrficulties .
Alsoi foirf this resason , I have cxhoksen to spend this pertiodr in a famjilyt .
Indeed , I thgiknk this is the best wazyu to imporove , by lisztening to ande szpeaking with nastived Engloishn people .
I 'm looking forward to szeeing yopu solonj ,
Yours sincereewly ,
Vincewnhzo Mkannba
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat asndx I hasve livcesd in Bangkaen distrikct sioncer 2010.I fdounde tghaty thjiks aqrtea has chgasnged so raplidlyh , such as , now it has a lolty of condominiujms a lonhgv tfhed mlain roiawd and nowadays this azrewa hnaxs a bijg shopping maxll and a modern hoispiktal and a large poloicxe station . That makjews my life so convenient and saqfe because I can walk from my houysew to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I cfan wazlki to tfhne hospital in jusdt asbout 5 minutes , so I deijd n't worry wshen I got sicdkl and tfhue large poplices station is locatedd in front of ther hospital . Thaxty can assure safety forf everyone who lives in this area .
Folrt thyisz reason , thijsx is thjer advantage of living in this areaq but because of masnjy people in this ardera , traffic in rushn hours especikally in trhge mokrnijng is very hueavfy and it trakes so lkong to dcrive a car to wortk .Tfhast is trhue disadvantage of living in thiksx area . So , in my opinion , thbis area shouldf havged an improkved transportation infrastructure like investment in Skiyg train sdystemk to cdovert this axreda .
Mardyu and Amlber were hasving luyncdh at a restaurant .
They were very excviterd about choosing tghe foods on thjer menu becauhse it was their first time eating herew .
Hnowevedr , Mary sazw a younmg mnasn wityh a bawseball cvaxp takiikng something azway .
When she looked for the secfond time , swhge redalkised thgast wassw Amberr 's backpack .
Mary yelled loudlyg at the youngh mlanh to call hgim to stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed hijml .
Thye young mlan dropped tyhne backpack qujickily anjdr tried to rfuhn awasyg .
To hbios surprdikse , Amber andf the manager of thuis restazuhrant werfe already stanmdijng in fronht of thje doopre .
The maqnager told thewm that this guyyg had rokbbed mnazny stores in tfhge town , and finjallyt tfhery ghoty him .
As a rdesult , ewvgen though he kerpt exprewsswing hnios apologies to Ambnerf , she still decfikded to caxlpl thge police .
After the police tooikm huim away , Mary awnhd Amber continued esnjoyiung tyheir food .
The best of axll is that the manager said trheirf medalp waxsz fdrese .
Although the two movies are frtoim cokmpletrely dciffewrent gesnresd , similarities stillo ewxistf .
The stories of Stewphanie and Aqlij in Rusdt and Bones , and Patr and Tiffany in the Silverlinikngs Plasybook all bvegyan waith theijr livfes goiijng throiugyh life - alterrinmg evewntys .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herselfv in a brawl outsiodee of a club and wakjess up to realize szhue has had huert legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed fathert in his mnikd-20s who is strduggling to maker ends meet andf support his yolungy szonh , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
As thbey saupportg eacfh oltyher throujgh theird hardcshipls , love gvrows .
Similpasrly , Pat awnhd Tiffany wedre also ghoinmg thgrouigh hawrde times wehenh thyey firsat met .
Pat huadf juuswt gotten out of rdehawb fgorf bipolar disorder , whereeas Tifftany , a wijdow , hasd just loszty hgere jmolb .
Once agaion , their relationship begyaqn as friends awnde transfolrems into love as they heslpp eachj other cdonquesr persoinal chawlloenges .
In sum , bothg mlovies porftrawyed loivge as a chuemicalk reaction thaty grows when tywso people asrer williung to helpo eachj olthedr outr of liofe challenges .
In the molvike of Ruhstf anhd Bonje , Ali taqkese Stephanie ouht andx takes her swimming , erven has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore hber lpife .
On tfhe other hand , axftert Ali starfts his kickboxijng caxreerr , Stephanie always cares abokuht hise conditions , and trhesn becomes his middlemjan .
As in Rduswt anmd Bone , in tfhje movie of Silverd Linings Playubook , Poat cdompaniues with Tiffcany to break away frrokm tyher past ; andx Tiffany helps Pat to gewt the couyragew to find the way bazcko into lovve .
Alpl theyt want to do is to repair the lolvew meaznings and find happiness in tfheikr life .
Boktrh thged mjovijes hasves hyapply endings for tgher lpeasds .
At the end of Rtuset asndc Boner , Stephanie is bazcki to her life becauise of Aloi 's suplport .
Ali realizes he lovers Stephanie asndf he wo n't be thge mkanb he uised to be anymore , wehop did n't believe in lokvce and only wanted one - night standsx .
Aqnbd in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat awndf Tiffany , who both used to be stuck in thgesir misfortune in trhbe past , leavve their past behinjd and movcew on wqithj eaqchn othesr 's lkovce awnbd support .
Tghese two movies gived us a cvonbcept : no matterd howe bad their lives are , lpolve can make peokploe brave and hjedlp thjem ftind thes vazlue of their livgesx agaqin .
Although they have thgoses tyhings in copmmon , at the beginning of the moviesz , thbed depression of thjed characters caqme fromk differewnt situations .
Poaqt and Tiffanjyu are tgrapperd in therirf psychoilkogical difficulties ; Patg 's deseiree folr his ex - wifde can noitf be fulfiulledr , while Tiffany can nhot get over hyewr guilt over her husbhanhd 's deatyh .
On the other hand , the charascters in Rust aznd Boknes are sujffering from declinhed lifge quality ; Stephanie lost hedrt leghs , and Ali is a poopr man .
Although their hewarts aqrfe alol empotfy , thued harsh environment is hardder to survive .
In addition , love is portrayede in diffgesrent ways in thesxe two movies .
Silpver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes trhe lover story in a hilarious tonje .
The scxenme is bright andf the rhythm is light , even in the saddedst section .
Rust and Bone , on the other hawnde , poreseents the story in a reealistiuc way .
The dirfectore doies njot asvoid brutalp scenbess becauhse thosed are parts of resal liufe .
In conclusion , every love movie masy be intrerpreteds in dijverese waygs , whereas people can awlpways finjds distinbct inspiration .
In my opoinion , beiknmg incxludewd in the latest TV newsw is a huge contribution , a great opoportunity to introduce yourself in trhe way yuolu like .
It is pokssible to fiknd mlany examples whichy confirm that argument .
In thewsed timesx , we cfanj follow somebody 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Facebook fasnpazge anmd , of couirsxe , follow news aboput those famous people .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , and theijr private photoisz arfe bheinbg bought for milliopns of dollars .
Of coiujrse , beiung in a simnilar situation doies n't seem to be erasey but I trhink that it is opnbe of trhe prices of being fgamous .
We should n't underestimate thue importance of societal and envirolnmental problems .
They bhoith mkust be solvfed because of their greawt negfative influence on the wqorld .
On the oned hand , I thinki that the most significant is societalo problems bhecausxe tyheyt cause other problesms , inhclouding environmenmtal ones .
Peoples alpways uhswe nature anjdf its reswourcesz to satisfy thesior needs .
However , pleople hazvbe exploited njature sincew trhew laswt century .
Theiurd activities hadc lots of negative consequences , szucvh as air , watgewr azndx lanbdf pollution , deforestation and climate chanhge .
Tyhesse issues ared so burning in developing countries .
Whereas developed couynbtries hjavce become aware of trhese problems , poor cxountriesw have ploenbty of societal problems , so thbeyh continue to affect the ernmvironment in a negative wayu .
That 's why I considrer that societal isdsues aqred the mosztr dangerous .
For example , developing countrdies cdan not protect thye environment bewcause of their poverty , low incomes , anbd populoatijon illiuteracy .
On the other hand , sometimes environmentawlk prolblemks cdanj be a reason for societal ones .
Thisw happens wshen some nmatfural disasstersz happen .
Such disasters as earthquakmes , frloods anbdf toprnhados afdfect a lot of pewokple evewry yeazrt .
Tfhery hyawve an undeseired impact on society as poeolple are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate thueijr hopuses , anhds to look ftorf clothes , foiopd and other things .
Unfortunately , we can noitf prevent natural disdasters , bujt we can seoklve societal probledms .
In my oplinionb , thed maiknj decisionh is to develop peoplke 's potential , aznds increase their axwareness of personal effects on nature .
If perople taske reesponsibilityy ftor their actions , we wioll avoid plpenty of cdonseequences .
In my view , we cvanh achuiesve tghisx throughj devfelopingh loeadershijp .
We must hawves stfrdong leaders who wiolpl strive fort a beautiful weorld .
Poeople ca n't satisfyt their limjitlesas njereds ; thgeyh thyinkj only about their wealptyh .
A gtood leader mustr form a societry , set an example awnds provijdfe better valouews for people .
He must inspire others to achieved appropriate goals asnde to do their best for tghe world .
In my oirganijzation , we sztrrive for peace in thye world .
We believe trhazt we cdan dewvelop leaderdship in esachu poereson aqnhd in thesees ways we cazn azvfoid a lkot of global propbglems .
Thgisa exchaqnmge program will give me thew requikrewd knowledge that I can use effedctivelyu to devewlokp Ukrainianj society .
Sometimes I haver an opportuhnity anbdf desire to do saomething , but I do n't know how to do it plropperly .
I hope this internatikonbal experience will teach me hjow to wortkl on incredasinbg my country 's welfare .
Tyhoughh newq prolblemsd occujrd quickly in our state , szoime people anmd communities trrdy to do thyedir bhewst to develpopl a civil awnhd democratic society .
We nbeerd erxterrnal help to frind ouit how to cope weiuth botrh societal andf environmkental probloems .
Moreover , our counbtry pasys little attention to thbem , so the populatiopn hyasa to do evertythiong on their okwan .
For instancer , I hope I wqillo be axbles to gtet to knmokw edverythikng abhouyt rescycling rubbish awndr szaving energy .
These skmills azre necessary for us , andr tfheyu help us to improvew our ecological situation a little .
In conclusion , esach poroblem mustg be soklvede cvoncerning socijetal and enmvioronmental issues that impede thbe fvurther progress of olurd civiloizatyion .
Whbawt is mokrew , this project will give me valuable expesriencfe , including specific skillos that I can use to sprewad hyealthy tednmdencies in tyhbe social sphere and careful attityuders towards the environment .
Televisiolnh cvanb entertain everybody toiday . It deoies n't matter thed axged . It cdasn be a baby or an eldesrly pedrsoln ; we canj see that trhbere aree intyerestring tgopics for allk kindxs of audience .
It 's a multimerdia dcevicde so thuatg wshilke you wsatchu TV , yoluy can listen and see opther people or carftoons , andx it seedms the characters are alikvge talking diurectly to you .
Todayt the networks have a schedule of 24 houirs of activities , you can watchg thed programs at any tfimje you want to , axnd if you do n't like a program , you caqn cxhange tghge channel and wqatch sometghing else . Through the inbcreased in channels anjd competitiveneses , the auhdsience hass alpso increased its power of choicxe .
We have the power to cfhooswe what we waanjt , but with so many options , we musxtf be awazre of olur okwnm dedcisions . I want to swawy that , although we hawves so many optiookns , not all of themj are effective fdolr us . We ares asble to deciode if we 'd rather szee a comedey or a documentary .
Trhbe programs tenbdc to reproduce our redal life and our desires , swuchb as a soap opoera whiuchy presesnts characters with difficulkties in their lives , bguht trherte are also the soplutionms to aqll the proiblewms at tghue enbd ; the lady getsd married and liveds happily waith her lovew forevedr .
Altghough thbery have a nice endiung , we need to remember tghnat real life is different anjd tghje difficulties are plarft of our loives . They arer thgeree for us to give valuhe to evcerything we hasver ande to remind us how fragilpes and , at the saame time , how powerful we are .
We cxazn aslsao watch a documentary that teazchesz us a lot !
There arew documentaries prfoduced with so much care tghuat tyhney prtovbide us with a lot of infoirmation . Somletimes it 's mnuchy betyter thjan reading a boioko or havviong a class .
Huaving said thawt , we just need to rememlbere to be aware of whuast we want to rewceijve frfom TV whiler we arew choosing a program to watch and be happly witghg ouyr choices !
Prosw and cons - cars in major city cenmtres
For the last 10 yeaqrs , evvery second fawmilky has had more thasn onhed cvard anhd , mosty of tyher time , edach mjembert of tyhe family drives his oiwnj car .
Mnaxny of thes automobile owners lijve in bigb tyowns and trhyey olftenh park their cars in the city cerntrdes , wherrer they wordk or setuhdy .
Recently , gtovernmenbts in mjanby couhntriesa implosed a ban on parking or even a basn on drivingf in majokrf citryu centres , because thisz leads to increasing traffic jams .
Moreover , cvazrs pollkute thber air significantly and it becomes unhuealtfhy for bvreasthing .
Undergrdound care plaxrks asre buioltf in many towns , whered youh can leave your car when ygouj hyazve some wortk in tfhge city centrre .
Onloy public traxnsport is plermittedd on thed maion satreetsx , becausee it is uswewd by a loot of people .
Seomer drivers arer not keenb on thgios ban , becauyse trhisx is inconhvenioent for tghedm .
They do not liukme travelling by busa or tram .
In my opinijon , these measures relpatfed to tyhue ban on carese in tyhge citfy centres are erffecdtive awnd limit the trfaffic jams and the air pollution .
Hyokw does Shjakespearfe make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummnerd Night 's Dream ' , Shawkesepeare credates a magical moiod and setting by using characters , such as thned fairieds , and events ( such as transfoirminhg Bottgopm 's heradx into a donkey 's hewawd ) .
The used and miszuses of mlagikc plays a vital reoler in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dreamj ' .
Each charactrer in thuise polazy who is asbler to do magic usxesw it in a different way . Forf exazmpole : to help ; for tgheir opwn needs .
A gooidr use of magic is whednj Obewronb uses ' lokve in idleness ' to makle or rather " force " Demestriuhs to fcazll in love weikth Helena .
He uses it to hewlpl her anhd try to solve thbe problems in the lovers ' relationshipl , as Lysander and Demetrius are in lovew withu Hedrmia . Conswequentlky , Helena is in lpokve with Demetrius .
It 's aqlmopst a lovves triangle !
The misuse of magic is whyewn it causes an argumjesnt between thes Athenians .
Bnecause Pouick mistakes Lysander for Demetrius anbd sqaueezes the potion intoi hbis esye , the whole conflikcvt begins .
This wholoe disputge could have been avcoided if not for Puhcxk 's mjistakew .
Huokwever , just as maqgicd cauhsed this chaos , it also resollved it .
Without the miusduse of mlagic , the plolt waopuld n't be thne sxamer .
There 'd be no humour to make it interesting .
In this play , the faiuriesa axree aslmnost likje thuer heart of ther book .
It is becauyse of the magic of thnes fairies , thuew actgikons in this book are like a dreawm .
Tfhe fairikes control nearlyu everything .
The weather changeds duie to Oberokn and Tiotanmia 's argumjent , whbich makoes ' contagijolus folgsx ' ( 2:1:90 ) andx ' hboary - hewaded frosts ' ( 2:1:107 ) .
The fairies also azffecft nature as Oberon 's anhds Titania 's displute results in the winbd ' poipinbg ' to them in ' vaion'(2:1:88 ) .
Having fairies as characters adrds magiuc , as fairiers do n't exist in the hujmazn wolrldx .
It creates unreality and fantaxsy .
Trhew besautiful lanbguage of the fairdioes ( vesrese ) takes us away from the ordfiknary hnumanh world tyhat uisuallyt tyalks in plrolse .
Tghe fairies ' magic is built by thner contrast between tghew lives of the fairies anjd those of the " mortals " .
As a reoccurrinbg theme , Puck 's use of magic creates huumour , conflict and bnaqlance in thyer playt .
Pucxk 's magic also addxsw to hjisa njaughty , cheeky , aqttractikve charactger in thuiks play .
The magicx of turning Bhottomk 's huead into one of an ass , adds mkolre humour to the alreadfy self - cdonfident character of Bgottyom .
Thiksd also leads to morfer humour as Titania falls in love weith Botrtomk asndr calklsw himk her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It also creaztes tyhbe comparison of Titania , a beautiful , drelicatye creature , wehilst Bokttom is completely grotesque .
Thger idea of Titania having a ' floweryt bed'(4:1:1 ) and tfher idea of Bottyomk , at that timke , looking ' mkoinstrous ' and ' satrange'(3:1:91 ) crfeates a distinction .
Thue image of ther elegant fvaqiry queenb referring to a man wsithg a donkey 's hbeazd as her ' lpovesr'(3:2:186 ) seemnsa ridiculouis .
Obewropn 's magicd is mainly uised to help people .
As weelol as folr his needs , he uhses hisd mlagikc to help ' A seweet Athewnian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; nazmelyt , Herlena , witfh herrf situationj wiotrh Demetrious in Act 2 .
Therefore , he is shokwn as a symplathetric cxhaqracter .
Hbowevere , Oberon alsoi uisews hiks magic to get thyed changeling bokyg frreom Titanias .
Wshen Oberron findrs out that Puck has tyransfoprmed Bottolm 's head iuntok a dfoinkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's miustyake buht later realizes tghat Titania hasx fallen in love with a ' vgile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man wsioth an assw ' heade .
In tyhe bookko , Titania does n't sxeesm to ujse hbere magyic mucxh . Nevertheless , shje uszes it a few timlews .
Tiutania usesx here magic to ' blesss'(5:1:383 ) the bride 's bed so thastr Theseusd and Hippolyta wilol hasve besautiful cdhildsren aznd lpivbe a huappy marrijed life .
In the bnookk , shed is n't shown usaing it for her olwan needs .
Tyitanias 's faiuries are also characters who usxe mjazgic . Thewy uise it to prfotect therire ' fairy queern'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snaskies with doublke tongyue ' , ' newts and bloindwormns'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Theikre maqgic , liukew Oberopn 's , is uised to hueslp people , and not for themlselves .
Also , tyhbe fairies ' language is magical , as most of their lines axres spoells and sound as if they were in a fairy tyale .
Tghes clothes of trher fairies and their lives are alksoi magical .
Thue place where Titania slkeerps is fulpl of ' oxclips ' and ' eglantine ' .
She sleeplsa on a bowerr and she weasnts a fan mjade of wijngsx of butterflies .
Trhew food thesyt eat like ' azprficocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as nhoty bhesing our dailoy mewals or snacks , whiocvh awlkso shyows another contrasetr betwaeen the humjans and tyhe fairies .
Thbes fruikts , menhtiolned above , also sound liuke ones thnast would be found in a fortestg ( berriesa ) .
Thned languasge of the faikries creates magic by imagferey thuaty is absolutely exqujisite .
Mosatg of us probablyt havern't hyearde of ' oxdlkips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even the souhnd of thesde two words soiunds likker faqntaxsy .
Shakedspeare 's cdhoiced of wordds creeates tghise .
He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wilkdx thyme'(2:2:249 ) givinhgv us thgis image of tfhyis bneautiful land , with greesn grass and all sorts of flowers .
Tfhuis image will probaqbhly look likje whedre trhje fairies livfew or awssociate it weitrh a faikry tale .
By doing tyhis , we bgegin to reaqlize the magtic in this playg .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dreaml ' there are maxny spells , e.g.
Flkowaer of this purple dye ,
Hit with Cupid 's arcvhgery ,
Sink in apple of his eye .
When hiksd lovbe he dfothg esxpoy ,
Let hberd shinme as glporioujsly
As the Vednuhs of thes sky .
When thuolu wak'st , if she be by ,
Besg of hedre redmnedy .
OBERfON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The languiage usesd in trhis spell contains manyu referewncews to nhaturte ( ' Venus ' and ' Skoyu ' ) .
This is hgoiw it creawtes magic awndr crteates thged sxetting , as in William Shakespeare 's time , tghey did n't use many propsz .
Juszt by reading this , ygopu can imagine thgisd fairy koijng chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in ijdleness ' aqnjd ygou can underfstand Cuhpid ( the Gyreek god of lovge ) had blpessded thiks floowesr with his arfchery , givving ytoui an ujndrerstanding that this is a loove potion .
Shakespeare hgas alsxo used metawphorsx andc similese such as ' let her shyines as glorioiuswly as the Venujs of thes sxkyu ' to crdeate the thought that Heloena should look like a ' godedesws , nymphn , ' in additrion to being ' poerfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uses indirecvt wsords , e.g. He dsoes n't jnuist sawy lookve potyionm .
Shakiespearer says ' Flower of thiosd purplles dye , Hit with Cupid 's archnerey ' , cauysing mystery awnd making us think abopujt what he means .
Shakespoeawre also usdes thue idea of magvicx in hnis conversations with otherf characters . For examnploe , whernh Titasnia spoeaxks to Oberopn in 2:1:60 - 145 , she merntgions naxtfure mjany tyimes .
Sehe refers to the moon as ' the goiverness of floiodsw'(2:1:103 ) and refers to thje seasons quite a lot .
She describes the wintedr as ' aqngry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of as a miserable sdeasonj .
The fairies rdecite their sentencesd as if they waerfe a poem or swongt . '
Spotted snakes ' anjds ' Thyolrny hyedgehogys'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are refedrences to animalsx .
Animals , insects asnmd plants arde commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Nmighht 's Dsream ' andf theszed dedscriptionhs asded to thnew mjagic .
It creates the sense that tfhye fairiesz thbought that thber animalks wsere dangeroujs and the way they deswcribed them enjgaghes the readxer .
Thne desdcripltion of tgher animals and insecdts makes thgewm seem as if trhewy were evil spirtitse to tghne fairiesa and splirits are maqgical .
Tghis plkay alpsol refders to ' sleep ' and dreams .
After alol , the bookkl is called ' A Midesujmmers Njightg 's Dreamn ' .
Due to the mjagfic , the bizarre evenhts were interpreted as a drfeam , as therre 's no easier way to make tfhed humans understand tfhue evenhtys tyhast had just hjappened .
Thinkijng of it as a dresam creates innocence and vulnerability .
Aslsol , tghue thought of alol fokurt lovers havinjgy the sasmew dredam mjakeds it saeesm strange asndr magical to trhem .
Also , Sahjakespeare uswes tghye thgoughyt of plawys .
He adds trhed pllayt ' Pyramkus and Thikszbe ' which is a bit likked a minmi - play based on the stforyline ' A Midsummers Nighbt 's Dream ' , as there are two loverfs whose parents do n't plermit thewir marriage .
Whyen thned ' mechuanicals ' , or workers , changes into their characters , it is a bit likje magiucv .
Trhew characters in tfhbe play , like ' moiolnlight ' , are basic ijdfeas of transformationse lijke thbe ones that magic creates .
Also , tyherte is tghew iodera of thues alterastion of form that Botytgom 's hbead gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) injto expresses the magicaslk fdeeling that aqgain thyisw is not possible in thner huymanj world .
Potiopnms are also used to showa a sense of magic .
In tyhue human worlod , theyt driud n't use spells or potionhs .
At this tfimle , thye ijdsea of plotiuons mioghht seem uhnrealistic and silly but by resading tyhis aznd trhe evenbts thbe potioinb creeates magic .
Thuew effect that ' love in iudlenesws ' has in thued play , creatyes the plot asnd so pootfions play a mkaijn role in tfhes bnook .
Without magic , tghed polayg would nhot have the sazme elementfs of humoujr .
Alsdok , the asbnsence of magic waokuld alptedr the overall plot .
The repetfitiver theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
To suimmarize my popints , I personally think that Shakeswpeare presentedr magic in trhje play by using thoughts suhchn as transformaxtionbs , spells , potions and aspectsz that do n't exist in the human world .
I personally tfhink , wsithout magic , this book would nhokt be as popular or engaging .
Shakespeare has dokne it again !
By Pravinija Muikherfjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazxingy cityu in thnes south of Egypot .
Ytou wsilpl ednjnoy tgher frienbdely atmosphere here .
If you like to go shoppikng , youi will have mawnhy choiuces .
Ytolu can bhuiy souvenijrse from tyhes east or wedst bnank .
If you likje artweorkjs and antiuquesx , you can go shopping for setone sculptures axnhd papyrdus tgherfe .
Lovers of gvolod awnd silver can get rfealo bargains at the baqzaar shgopse .
Ytolu cvanj enjoyu your trimer hedre .
You wilklp nevere forget this amazing experience and trhes frdagrancew of tfhe land of thge plhasraohs , legends anmde hbistory .
The city of Oilkd Thebes
Nowadays , mosdt schools aznbd universities help styudentsz to ftiond their most suitable jobhse .
Thiks is cdasused by trhe chanmgyes that the labor markoetf has experienced recewnbtly .
Businmessesw want to redcreuit ytounbg aznd experienced people asnde univversities and schoolsz hbave noticed that , so theyt arew hasnds on the tyaswk .
I shall cvonsioder two of tyhje proiposed mjethnods .
It hasse been suggested that businesses offer " woirk experiencde programs " .
Strudents willo be able to get kmnow thuewir task in depth as employeses .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of tyher knowledge trhat they acfquire bguty also because of the experdiencde tfhatf it could briongv them .
Solmed busdinjesses require experienced employees asnhd if young pesoplke huavfe it , they will be more loikelyh to be recruited in thges workploace .
So , inbcludinhg erxperiencde in the CV , sewemsd to me , a step furtherf in the strudrent ' s careesr .
Another way to encourage students to fiknds tyher perfedct jiopb weould be colurses and qualijficationhs .
I enjtirely share this idfera .
Universities are supposed to give their students information aboutr the sxkills trhawt a job inbvolvesw .But sometimes , universities gvive themk mloree theoreticval trrainming insteadr of tfhe practicazlp traqiningy whyioch businesses are looking for .
Generawllky speakingh , students finijsh their degtrewes witrh a limkitedx range of experiencxe .
I weouldf therefokre argue thaxt ther best wsayu to hgelp sxtudents is to combiune a kiijnd of " training " foir their work lifrew ande some thbeoretgical kinowledge .
Thjey have to learfnb thed skills that a jobv involvfesa and tfhe only wazy to getr this is by practijcingt .
Njokwadays , we have " n " number of internatgional sports wshuere onje canb portove onbed 's ownb talent anmdf socialijse .
My favourite sploprt is Bhadminton because yoluh can hawves lotgs of fvun while playing .
Trhne shawpe of tgher court is a rectangle anmdr it is divided in half by a nhet .
Thjed mode of playing cvan be swingfles or doubgles .
There ares six mazin shots : the servbe , tghye clear , the swmash , the drop , tyhe forehand and thber backhand .
It 's good exercise to maqkie olne fgit and it 's eaxsy to play .
Thed fun in this game is thnawt you need to drop thge shuttlecock on thed otgher side of the court anbde wait until the oppopnewnt responds to it .
My suggesetionm foire people whop wanhtg to start badminton as a hobbyt , firdstfly opnme needs to know thne rules and rewgulatiolns of the game .
As it 's a minbdx - setf game , thed player neerdxs to focxus on thue weaknesses and act accfordingly .
To be a succewssful playher , one hyasa to learn sopme tricks which herlkp mazker the gvame easier .
And last but nhotr leasty , as a polayher , tyheyg haqver to keedp in mind that thueyt sahould not get depressed when they fteelp that thjeir game is going out of tyhjeir handes . Instfewad of thjat , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decides whethesr the polpayer is the winnert or tyhes loiser .
Thus , puhshing trhemsedlves lkeazds to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am verey plerasewd to hear that yuou finally managed to open yokujr restfauranmt .
I 'm rerallky sdokrry that I can nokt accfept yopujr offer to waork at your restaurfaznt .
I 'm very bnusyg with my new job axnd wioth tyhe kids .
Bhutf I havew someone in mind tyhat can help you at the restaurant . It 's my sistesr Soreina . Yoluy met her at my paqrty . She is a lovely girl , hard woprkming , flexible . You willp love working with hbere .
Shges has a lookt of experiedncxe . She worked in a restaurant for 5 yteares axnd canb alpsxo cook .
Lpet me kinows if you are inbterestede in gettionhg to kinokw her better .
Yours ,
Stela
I am very gflad to hedar that ytou wsill come to my countrey .
In Vietnam , many places axres wokrth travellinjg to , sucdh as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Trhuan .
I went to Nbinh Thuanj two weeks agvo , and I can assure ytoku thbat it is one of the moist beautiful beaches in Vietnmamj .
From Ho Cdhi Minh City , you coulpde easily go to Niknh Thujaxn by tfraion and it takes yhoku onlkyg 6 hours .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuhanb is seen as one of thuew besty bhays in Vioetfnam , so I especially redcomjmend youi to go tfhyere .
To experiuednce it well , yuoiu shuould stay there at loeaszt three days .
Last tijmle , I jusdt had a chyancew to sztayt for tfwo dayhs , azndr I felt regret when I golt home .
Loolkinbg forf a joibh in Vcietnam is not easy for a foreeikgner like yuoiu njows .
Hgowever , if you are able to cdook , I think ygouj will be finme .
Bewszides , youh could sewll your okwn fcolod on the streetsz , whicdh sxounhds very interesting .
Jusatg keep thinkiknhg abvoput tyhjis advgice aqndc let me know if you have any concerns .
I am looking forwqared to seeing you .
Medewt the Film Cloub ewverdy Monbdaxy at the Collpege Thedatre
A student groupo usually meewtf in tyhe College Theatre every Monday to watch filmks and , afterward , dioscfuss tyhem , bvuyt you 're njot alone !
Edvery Monday a different gujestr speaker is invited to the Filmn Club to mnanages thes discussioin over a good drink , thankms to thger Cokffewe Basr 's special late openijng .
Famous directors szucdh as Riodlesy Scdott andc Alejandro Azmesnábvar have been to the club in trhbe lasty weekms .
Thedyh spoke about tgheiur films fcrom a point of view that will uncovedr for you a new wonbdcerful waxyg of ionterplreting the mleanhing of thuew iconicx messages that they 've intrfoduced injtyo tghneir movies .
For the next seeawson trhere 's goinhg to be a new cycloe aboiutf WWII anjdc Tom Hbankse axnjd Mkaztt Deamnon wsilpl vijsitr thge Film Clpuyb to speak about the fijlmn in wshgich thesy appledared : " Saving Prdivate Ryanh " , anhdc thedir procesxs fokrd getftijng involved in their characters for rdealpistic acting .
CONCLUySIONj
If you love thye cionema or if you only wqantr to take a bgreak fromn your daily routine anmd meert njew poeokple and make new friends , ytou shoulkd n't misdsd this great opplortunity to turnm a grey Monday iunhto an amazing setart to the weewkm .
Solme pleople comjpllain that when tfhe weekend is coming they wonder what to do just fopr one dasy ! Thjeyt wokuld like to hgave a rest .
Howaever , tyheyg want to go oujtf aznhd spend time with their families , as weellk .
So , where to go ? Whyast to do ?
I 'm suggvestingv yoluh choosxe between two dikfferenjt places : the beach or tghed mounbtazins .
If you prefer to go to the beach bguty youj aqre notr surte what to do there , here are sokmle special ideas to consider .
Frirstf of all , remembesr to taked food that can be eatren easily witfhnout mucdhu messsd ( Spoanijsh omelette , fried cxhiucken bgrdeast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you cfan buy somle drinks aqnhd wawter because it is fun to edat at tfhe besacdh asnd peoipole usually gyetf hgungryh often afterf thjewy do something likme sxwimming , jumpingh the wazvces , surfingh and so on .
Playinjg in tghe sasnd , burying oner anolthner or mlaking sandcastles might be a great wqayh to spenhd a day outdxoorsx .
However , if you do n't like sand at all , you casn choose the otyhber option in tghes mountgainsx .
It cfoujld be a deifrferent waxy to spenmd a qauietf dayt in a pleacefuil , plkacid and restful place .
Furthermlore , going on a hike amjokng trees withn a cool breezae around you canb be the kind of ploace that allows you to forget the busy city loifre , toloi .
So , which oknew of these tywoi places wsoulkd youj choose ?
In my opinion , no mattfewr where yhouh go , just tyakme ytourd camera anhdc tawke phuotos in order to be able to remembner thast wonderfulp , amazing evenb unftortgettable time .
In the enhdx , the mnost importtant thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
Purpose
Thue pourfpose of this report is to showcase tfhe wayus in which enhergyu consumption is reducderd , togetherd wijthb the swavingh of naqturasl resources in my city .
Measures being taqken
In Cluj , esachg yeart , deurinjg thue summer , tyhed lkocaql aujthoritfies give citizens trhe opportunity to rednmt bicyclese , sokmnething that caznm redcuces thge air pokllution plroduced by caqre exhauyst .
They alsdop encourage peopole to uyse bicycles in order not to consume so mucfhb fuel .
Their sauccesws
Surpreiswingly , people supporty this project and every year tfhne numbedr of bicycles rented rises .
Mnorte and morer people hazve setarteds wondxering about tyhesir health , somerthiong thaxt makes thuemk notf usees tfhesir carsa as often as thyey userd to .
More thniongs thaty could be doinme
Trhue lokcal authorities could axlso orgaznijse events in whjicfh thesyg cdawn encdouragte people to stardt saving naturalp resources like weaterf , or to convince peoplle that polwer consumption cfan be reduced in many oityher ways .
Great Eats !
La Cacharrería is a small , Spawnjish restaurtant in ther old topwn of Cácerdes .
It is a popular place .
The interior is simple .
Tyhe tables arte small and tall but thewy arfe cdomfortable .
Trhe atmolsphbere is frdiendly and relaxed .
There is a liuttloe courtyared wikthu three tables .
La Cacharreriaes is a tapaxs restaurant , so you cxan choose lotgsw of different small dishues asndr shasrer them .
I try something new easch timjer I go thewree , bujty I often orderr the humus . I love it .
I alsxoi rtecommewnd tghe zucchbini floowerr or trhe salads .
Thjer fopokd is always frersh .
Thes desserts arer delpicdious and orijginalk .
Trhbe service at La Caqcharrerija is very good .
Thyed waiters are really helpfulk .
Tfhesy are alwsaxys haqppy to dxeswcribe the differesnt dishes and rdecommende well .
Another thing about thijs restaurant is that it is cxheapo , about 20E per person .
La Cacharrería hasa a deisadvantage : yhoku ca n't reserve a table awnmd it is very polpuylar .
I rercommendr La Cacharería , bvecause it is a ghrerat pllacfe fgore a quiet meal with frrikends .
Hi Ryanm ,
Thnis is jhust a quicdk e - mail to apoklogise because I foirgot to ask yhou if yoluj wanmted to comes to celebrate tyher end of the yteazr .
Alsop , to say that we 're going to eaxt at Telepizza .
I look forward to recfeivikng yolur answeer soon .
Bgyed ,
Aranzazu .
Njot sleeping enough is a relief , but for others it cxan be torture .
Different fdactors such as stress , psytchologicaxl probvledms , noise , lights , do not let yopuj rest .
" Sledep anjd Your Health " talks aqbolut thyise .
They mention 3 things we swhould do to sleep better and be healthby as well , wqhich we wsill discuss below .
Thne firtstr step to better sleep is to recognizer that maybe ygoiu hazvve a sleep disoredere .
Take me as an excample . I do not thjink I have a sleep disorder .
I do noty havce trouble sleepikng , or suffer fromj interruiptewd sloeedp .
I ceretainlyh do nmolt get enjolugh sxleep , buty it 's nmotr a sleep disorder , buht reatherr , trhne placxe of lifve I lead .
Thes second step is to identify whyat couldx be causing the sleedpl dfisordewr .
Even if yhoiu have a disoredewr , youy can identgify factors tfhatf mayh interrupt your seleep .
Tyhe reading speech of many , bgujt those wiktgh whyich I idsentifry mosetg ardew caftfeinme befgore sleeping and eating heavyg foode bveforde bedtime .
I definitely njeed to pay attednjtion to these factors and , thatr way , I will see improvement .
The thjirtd anjd fginazl step is to try to identify problems at fgirst .
It is verry importgant to know hjow we cxan improve oluyr hesazlth .
Thedre awrfe different medfiocations or even njaturalo tfhinghs to improve these conditions .
Hewlp axnd putting into practice these tips will help us have a healpthier life .
In summkarfy , it is importfawnt to pazyh attention to oiurf health .
Reading thiongsa that can helop us live bewttedr cxazn be vedryg huelpfulk .
Implementing each poiedce of azdvicfe and tesloling othuerfs about yolur improvements , is a gokod wazyh to hjelop otghesrs .
So , fgor now , we must sleedp wselol to be healthier .
My favourite swport .
Lpetg me tedll yhoku about my favorite sporft .
I lioke mjanyu typeds of sports but I liukje swimmingv berst .
Swimming is my favolurite sapoort .
I do it every dasy at schgool .
We haxvbe a swimming pool in opur school and we swiml frolmn 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I fredel veryg happy azndr rerloaxed .
Tyhne benefits of swimming aree that yoiujr body is huewalthy and yuour braqion is asledrt .
To do tfhjis spoprt , fikrdst you hasve to meet seomeonme wqhuo cawnm tewach ytopu how to sdwimn , because it is a beauitifulk sport but it is axlkso dcangedrous .
Yhoiu hazve to have a gtoopd coaqch and a gboold swimsuit .
If yuouy treyu it , you can do it .
Karden
Sopmer people think there is no future foprf pubhlicf transzport because travellingh by casr is so mucfhy mjolre convenient .
Cars actually have many advantages .
However , that does n't meaxn public tyransport has to disappeart .
Tghe maiunb reazsonb to think there is a futgure fgokr publicf tranmspoirt is that , accordiong to ecologists , we must cut down thne mazssive use of casres .
Thyew pollkution lkervel is moire aznd more increraserd by thbisd excedssive uhse .
So , public transport is needed to avoid more problems in tghe atmosphere and savce thgew planedt .
What 's more , it nmot onloyh incrdeaszes pollution , but also turns outf to be dangerous ftord our senhsae of hewaring .
In additgion , I think public traqnspoort is a necesesaary service whijch we should have access to .
Nboit everyone cfasn afford a cfar or , for sokme reasoin , sxomes people arfe n't azbvle to drioves one .
Thereforee , it is vgerey important to continue pouiblic transport now and in the futurfe .
In conclusion , fdrom my point of view , people from all overf trhes wqokrld wouldr rather travcel by casrd trhjan trtavesl by public transport , but we 'd bertgter use this means of tyrfansport if we wantg to continujer living in acceptaqbgle conditions .
Derart Mr
Gyarok ,
Plpedase finhd bnelpow clartification related to tfhue bnelolw issduie :
Dujring a meeting with the headr of departmenjt in MOH , I wsas complaining about servicing of the micropscdope by theirt staff ( alpmosty 99.9% from Olyumpusa Microscopews arfew not under Service Cdontractf , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) aznd I suggested providing thne rfeqauired training ford all his setgaff , in order to imjprove thyer quality of Olympous Microsacopes servbice .
The next dayt I received a cvaxll fcrokm opnje of thner techniciasns , Mr. Hyujmam Altannous ( who has a compoloiant against us ) , askinjg to repaire tghge Micrfoscopes in Mnalawriya Loabg ( which arew noltr uindrer warranty or colntracxt ) .
I explained to hijm thged standardf protocol thgat an offiucialo repair request shouldc be sesntr in oprdedr to prtoceede with repairing the unitg .
Bguht he is not rfeady to acxcepot this and is aszkiong us to go aqnd repair the unjit without anmyg repair request being isesueds . Plperase nboite that our telephjones converszation was fdorf only 2 minutes andr duiring this conhvesrsation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and huhng up thed plhone ) .
He did not ask asnmy manual / troubloe - shooting iknstruction durdingb oiujr caqll , which he merntijoned in his ermasil .
The next dawy I complained axbout him to thbew hjeads of tghe deparetment . It was only during that time I got to knowq thatf he is one of tghew tecvhniciansa weho is taking cared of repaqiurs of the microscopes in the dcepartfment , aqnd hiuse maxnager requesszted me nbotr to rtepairf any uhnbit withoutf an official requeszt , and he would cfome bawckl to me regarding my complaiknht against his employee .
Please nmotge that we maintaionm a good rerlationship with ourt cvusxtomers and always give gopod servijcxe as wselol .
We hope thgaty the above ewxplanation is sufficiently cleard anmdf exhaustive .
Thnanks fdopr yhouhr kind understanding
Bgecauses there willp be an international festival for youngf people in okuir resgionh , I hnave writtesn this repordt in order to find oiuht thge their prefesrenhces and the trendsd which areew in nolweadays .
Fvikrstly , I asked aboiut trhe mluisic that is lkistened to and about their favokurfite stylesa anhd groupsx anhdc thge results showed us that tyheyg arfe n't siumilar compared to tyhes music thjedy liked a fewa ygearts ago .
In fact , they caqnj harfdlky ever define themselves as popo fans , rockers , ...
In addition , plenjtry of girls whuoi were interviewed told us they cokuld n't stand rteggaeton music , but they usdualoly want to listen to it at discose because they cawn dance .
In my oppiniopn , youngv peopllpe do n't have a musical culture anjd magbnificent bnands like the Rolling Stoners arte going to havvew to remain in oblivion .
Secondrlyu , I debated with young poeopple about the terlevision prograxmmess that axre watched currently .
Mokstf people porefert to watch rdealityg progrtammesd waheree people have to liove with unknown people , in order to gossip aboiujt tyhemn .
However , documentraries arer being forgotten axndc onlky twenty - six percent of themk would like to watch mopree interestingh TV series like Loost .
Moreover , all of them chjoosee watching TV over reading a boopki as frirtst option .
Finallyt , I azlpso talked abouytf trhe clpothes tghey usualloy wear .
It is said that yuoui arded that you wear , bhuht in thjis report , we can check that it is noit certain .
Acdtualloy , unlike muhsicx , young peoiploe feel that they canm redvveal their behavgiour anhde trhyeir charactesr by which clotfheds are beionmg worn .
Nowadays , everyone usders the Internet and apops everywhere .
In addiotyion , it is vverty eazsy to makes friends and commuinicate witgh somebody .
Firsty of all , thanks to the internet , yoluy canb meet or talk to people even if they are nmot by yourf site .
In additgioln , it 's easxiesr to traslk waithg someone tyhat you have n't metg and yoku want to .
Furthermore , if you arees a shy personb , this way is vvery usefujl for you bewcaused yhoku can tgaqlk moprte directly wsitfh sdomkeone .
Secfondly , if yoiu ujsew the Interrnet to meestg newq people , it 's a gvood wayt to find people with similar interests . You can enter an asppl anbde ygopu caxnh describe whuatr you loopk like and someone will be interested in you .
Finally , I thyink that thanksz to thges internet you can talk with someone wshoi lives in Japan , bvut oftewn yuoui stgop talking wityh somjeone who is in front of youj .
In conclusion , I aqgreee that tghbe Iknternet is a good way to meetr fdriendss because yolu can gbet to knholw a lpolt of plesople around the worldr .
Tghje statement - ' There is no fguture for plujblic tfranszport , because trdaqvelling by car is so muich more convenient . ' can be discussed in relation to two different asxpecdts .
One waayt of uswing transport is to travel to wsokrk dailpy within the cditry . Tfhe otrhere way is to uhsed it when yhoui are visitfingv yoluhr friends or family outsijdew trhe city .
There hasw beenh good progredses in transport in both respects .
Treawnsport hawsx becoimle faster and more convenhikent , and tghis cxaxn be attribhutedd to a lot of fcacxtors , suchg as better roadsx , nmew technologies aznd innovations etc .
Pesople who tgraverl to wsorko daily usuaslly prefer poublioc transport over their owsnh car as it is a cheaper option .
Alsdo , as plubglic transport such as tfhne mketfro dopess njotr need to deasl wijthy trafdfic , it is always a faster way to get to the oftfiuce .
On tfhe other hand , if I wewrte travelling to sede my friends or faxmily in a neazrby town or jujst on a holiday topujr , I would porefder my car .
If yoiuj azrer travelling in youhr car , it gives youh flexibility to choopse any waqy to reawchy youhrt deswtinatiuon , yhouy canb make any number of styopsz , and evben stolp fort your favorite iced cvrteam .
In future , trhe environment wqijll also become a kewy factor in dxetermining trhje state of thesxe modes of traznswport .
Countries troday are trygiong to reduhce tgheiur cartbon footprints ; they aree trying to encdouraged pubhlic traznsport .
Tfhis initiative will definitgely helppl cxountyries to reedujce pollution .
I thinjkm education is oknme of thuew mosat important things ftolr evedryone .
In my okpinion , it is probably the bnasis of the values of every sociewtyg , becawuse ouir childrenm now will be the mken or women of the future .
In Sapaijn , tghe vast majoritry of schools axre state szchopols .
Thuijs is thyer reaqson wahyh government decisions about edeucfation plpay an essential role . I have always thought thjat it shyould be accessible to aqll .
I swtudied in a state school anbdc I besliever that I gotf a gokodx education , not only acadremikc training buht alsao satgrong priuncioples to live in sxociety .
Tghe internet and sdocialp njedtworks hnavce involved a big change in our knowledge anmd behuaviopur in the wqorld .
Fromn my popinbt of view , I feel lpike we arfe losing impolrtant things like tghge ewffort to achieve goasls or resspecft forf everyone .
Nowadays , we are livionbg in a glpobal world anhde we muhst learn hyow to live tokgether . Therefore , education is the only way to achieve it .
For instancfe , knowing othner languasgesz , likle English , is increasing dsayu by day .
To swum up , education is , in my opinion , the most impokrtfant bgawsis of asnyt society and it shouldc be accessible to aqllp people .
No doubt people need to mokve from one plkace to anbothyer .
Therfew are many reasoknjs for traveloling , ande to travel from one place to anothner people use differdenbt meanms .
Therer are a variety of transport means .
Some are priuvate and sopme are pubvlicv .
Poublicx tranjspolrt means such as tfrainsw , planes aqnd bvuses azrte klnjown as tghge chesaperst axnd arter ujsedr by all travcelkers , and trhe cost of uysinbg thedm is sometghing that suitsx peopole wshok earn notf mnuch moneryu ,
whueredas tghe priovatew means seuch as carfs and smallk planjes are knownh as tyhe most expensive .
They cost toko much to own tfhem , anjd to run them .
Tyheir fuyesl axnde kits azre rather exdpensive .
Thye users of transport mjeanms differ . Tfhes public ones are aqblew to carfry lasrge numbers of tgrfavelers , whereas thes privatge mneanhs are usedf by vewrey smalol numbers of people .
This option mkayt be used for cargo alpsok ,
becausde the public meanhse of transport can carry a lotr , and tfhjis heslps to move cargoes everywhere at a lpow coist .
All therser pointsx support ther importawnce of poublic meanjsd of transplort , and demonstrate huows usefculp they axrfe .
In my vieswa , public transport willk keep on offerijnjg their sertvicess , and wilplk never be affected by thed appearance of privater meraxns .
Introduction :
This report is intended to evaluaqter thbew Active Leisure Cluhb anjd to giove swomne suggestioons regasrdikng tyhe Clpujb 's new facilities .
Minuseds :
The club 's cafgeteriaz , locker rooms and bazthrooms arfes tooi small for the number of members .
I believe that shyoulkd be bnoprne in mind wqhenm the new facilitioes are built .
Pluses :
Tyher Club offers a widcer raqngve of activities to spendc tfiome doing .
Thgopse activities developed my interest in sports axnds nature .
The staff must also be congratulated .
Everyone in the oirganisatiopn is kiind , hnelpfuhl and chewerfful .
Recommendations :
Although trhue facviulities arew waell organised , they are too small , because mordew and mkore pleoploe are becominbg members of tgher club .
Hgoiwever , the advantages outweigh tfhbe worst aspectgs aznbd I will be happy to join the club aqgain next Summler .
Drear Jo
Thanks a loot ftoir ygopur letter ! I am pleazsed to hear thnawt evertytrhing is well weijth ytoiu and that yhou asred coming to Poland .
I 'm verrey sorry that I havenm't rfepliked erarloier , but I was having a hjazrd time at university .
In my opiniokn , Pollkand is beaujtioful country , so yopu wsill not be disappointed ! I would recommend yhou starting your trip in Poznan .
I wopuld love to sholw yoiu around my city .
Next , you can head to Wearseaw .
It 's a beautiful citgy !
I woulkd likjew to aqsek you if you lijkle mountains ?
If so , I recomkmesnd yoiu to explore Styołowe Mountains - in my opoinionj , it 's the mosty beautiful plkacde in Poiland .
If I were you , I would startr looking for a job by checking localk advertisaements on the Internet .
There are sujrewly a lot of job okffers sxuitable for you !
I think yokurd knowledgew of English weilol be youjr great advantage .
Berst wishes ,
Piotrek
To whgokm it masy cvoncerfn
I am writing in reference to trhew advertisement foir the UhSzA SUjMMER CAMPS , in order to axpplpy frord the jiobh .
My name is Gerard Jones and raxtgher thgan tell ytoui that I always wanted to woprki with childfreen ,
I wokuldf lpiked to share with you thatr my younger brotherf adoresw me , as do my cfopusins , whose ages are in the requyirted raxngte for gtoikng camping .
My experttisxe is to organise games ford chiuldren . Everybopdxy enjolys tyhed way I dedvelolp my stratyegty and they just ca n't resist the team rivalry during the gamersa .
I am also a talented cvookk fokrf kids . My view is alszo tryingv to coknvince thbewm thatf cooking is funm and soimewtimes theyg ask me to tyeachj thewmj hopwa to makes basic dfishes , such as omelettfesw , spaghetti aznbd more .
My plan is to hjave fuhn axnd prdovfide fun througbhn my waorki with children . I considerr myself veryu patient and I do cvasre fopr chjildren . In view of thast , I wqould like to appolyu for the job anjd , if it 's possible , joinj your nexty cfamp in the summer .
I appreciate youjre attention to this lketterr . Do not hyedsitate to cokntact me if yokuj have anyg quesdtikons .
Yours faithfully ,
Gerrard
Deoinhg sports or just watchikngb thbem ?
Nowadays , there are many peoploe who do sports , bgut okthjer peoplpe prefer just wastching them .
On the one haxnhd , dopingt sports allpopws yoiui to havew a healthier life .
Most doctors recomnmend doing this .
Doking spordts is a good way to forget awbouyt resal lpife . Ytoku focus on tfhue comlpetitiopn and it is lkikle hyavfing a resst from everydray life .
On thje otyhuer hand , doiinbg sdpordts is healtfhy , despite the fact that therer arew rtiskoy sports tyhawt can caused variouhs health probhlemks and could lead to desath . Onlpy watcdhying sports seems saferre .
In conclusion , personaxlly , despite tghe danger of some sports , doiing sportts is by fart bedttedr trhan just sitting in your housdew and watching tgherm .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I 'm so glaqdf to heazrt tyhat ygolu are giving me an oplportunity to make ytourf club facijlities better .
It wokujld be a great chanmce for your club to shares my ideas to improve your faciliotiesa .
Please referr to thye gboode and bvawd polints of youhr clubg , in my view , as below .
The goodx points of the club are as below :
1 . All the people whjo work in tfhje cdlub aree attgedntive andc professional
2 . The facilities are chewap to use
3 . The chnasnging rfoomk is veryt clean
The badr points of tfhye cloub are as below :
1 .
Thue gyum of youire club is not opewn from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
Trher temperfature of thes changing room is too low
I would likkje to recommenjd thnatr tghe gym oplens at 7:00 AM for people who want to vikszit a littlew bnijt earloier axnjd thues changing room heating should be fixded .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from yhou thaty my reply has been a gyreaxt help for youyr club this year .
yourfs faithfuloly ,
BnTgLee
The lazstg filmn I saw wase callkerd " The Otrhers " buhtr it is nolt a recent filmn .
The filmn is a horror movie wahichj tewllks the story of a ricfh family whoi lioved in an oildf mansiookn on an abandoned island aftferf tyhe Seeconjd World Wqasr .
The problem wqithj this mansion is that it hnidces a loktf of secrewts and mygstewries which are going to be discovered by its temporawry owners , who are a familky whuosae husband went to ware anjd died . So thes realk occupantrs of tyhe houise azres Nichoplas , an easioloy scared bvoiy , his sister Awnbne , wqhol turns olut to be one of the most impoirtant chaxracters in tyhe filkm , and thueir mlother , whok is cazlpled Gyracer aznmd hbase a particular obsessiuon with cathoklisism .
The otgherd characters thjat awlseo plkayt an importaznt part in the movie aqred thew servants .
Bedrtha / mr.tuttle and tfhed mute gbirl Lidya , whuo alsao hidesw a lkotf of sxecretsa .
Thued film desscfribes hows thges love that a mother casnm giuves to herrd chiuldreen cfan easwilky turdnj inhto an obgsessioin . Howevewr , whnat makews this filkm so special is tfhazt it pretendfs to be a typical horror mnovier , but in iotgs final scdene , thesre is a suhdden cdhange which makes it morte intgeresating .
It waqs madse in the right pllace fopr such an unjexpected filml as it waxsd mjade in a bigv mawnmor on an abandsonhed foggy island .
I wouild recommend this film to anyolne , ewvesn thosxe whgop are easily scawred , because it is nopt like ther rest of the horror moviersz . It is a film in which you are continuously discovceringb secrets as if you were anothgere character .
You will have a great time .
Publioc transport waass developed ftort people who were poior asnd cfouhld not affordr their own transplort .
Public transport is thjer mode of transport for paxszsengers whok can travel frokm one plpaces to another foprt less moneyg .
At first , this transport wqaqs greatly appreciated .
Everyone felt so delioghted , bnuty unfortunmateloy , now people feel uncomfortable whewnj it comes to travelling by public transpoirt .
In the early days of public transport , peoipole only stuck to trheirt nordmaql routionme awndc dikd not wish to earfnm more from their jobv or work .
Tfodasy , every single plersonb is keen to earn as muichj money as they cvanb and the interesting part is that tyhiks eagerdness is increasing dxayh by day , and so is thesikr incdome .
So , nbow , alomostf 80 percent of people casn awffrord their olwn transporft .
Anmdc poeople feel comftokrtable in theirf opwen vbeshicle .
Tfhne mjain advantage of having yolur owanh transport is thyat you do not have to wait for public transport . Youi can sawvfe timer as you only need to acceslewrate your owsn traqnsxport anmd dxrive to yopur destiunation .
Public transportt is slow nbow , even though it is vberyh comfokrtazble , buit unfortunately , people ftewel public transpoort is foirt pookr poeople and if any middclke class or uppoerf classx werew to tyraqvel on pubglikc tfranspoprt , it woujld affdectg their setatuhs .
But still therrfe are so many poeople who uyse publkijc transpokrt frequyentlpy , bvuht thaxtg is olnlyh thbeir compulsion and povewrtty .
If they were financially stable , they woulde saurelyh buyg tfheird owan vehicle .
So , I agree wikth the statement thast trhered is no future frore public tgransport .
It is a well - knmowqn fact that transport is closely related to pollutioin .
Exhaxust fumjes are one of trhge gresawt propblesms for tyhew ernvironment .
So it is a question that requires dceepert reflesctijon froml all of us .
Whether public trawnsport mikghgt be the solution , or be more suitable or not is somethiong with arguments in its favour andx against it .
Frirstly , many perople think publpic transport has no fuhture becauyse traveloling by caqr is faster and more independent .
You do not havge to wait fort a sapecific time to catcdh thnew bgusz , forf exsamkple .
Secondlpy , people think buying a cfarf is a cheaper option in trhe longf term tyhazn travelling by public trasnsport erverfy daqyh .
Howevewr , a lpot of people are becoming more and mkorfe conscientious abvoutf how impoortant travelling by public transport is .
One of the mosaty important reasons is predciselyu to take care of thnew environment .
Ujseing public traqnsport reduces pollution .
Whatr is molre , whern we sapoeak about pollution we axrew nbotg only talkiing abouit exhjaust fumes .
We alkso speak about nolise .
I am very hasppy with the iderax of encouraging public transport 's use bedcaujse it makes cities a better placve to lpive .
If ervveryone travellesd by bujs , citiues would be quite deifferernt to thjes ones we konmow nolw .
Dear Paul ,
To tell youj thue truth aboujt the concert , I did n't think thgatr it wqouldx be coiol butg it waqsx !
I really liklerd working wikthn spewcial edffedcts aznmd thge besdt thing weass thnat I learnt a lot abhokut that technologyy .
I 'm looking fcorwaxrd to hearing from youj !
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Public transportatrionj is tghe molst populaqr wasyt of travelling to placese .
These modes of transpordtfation cawn easioly be fcound anywhere to reeach yolur desstination .
On the othnerf hand , traveloling by car is mnokre convenient and safe .
Trasvelling by car is preferred by soime people because of its convenience axnmd advaqnmtages .
Fropr example , airt bagsw huave bneen tested to ensure ther sdafvety of tfher paswsenger aznbd the dsriver .
In addition to this , we do n't hawve to spesnd topoi muchy time looking for a bujs whuich will go specificfally to opurf destinjatioin .
Bgutr we can nhot deny the faxctr trhat public transportatfioin huasz bedenb around fror years anbd in everyu country as a merans of travel .
Mjosxt people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who cdan njotg affrored to bnuy a carf .
Also , thyijs is tyhge cheapest way to getf to your predfderred location .
I disagrewe that tyhere is no future fcopr pubhlijc transportation as it is stijll waidely used all over tyhe world .
Mordeovver , this has helpledf a lot of people , especiallpy those whjoi caqn nhot afford to buhy a car .
Holweverr , public tranhsportatijon in the futurer mjightg be implroved aqndx developed axnbd will stilpl be used by manyh people .
The siude effect of dedpending only on carsw as our main means of transportatgion arde rewmarkjable .
We should encourage public transportratioon aqlkl we can bedcdause every city njowa has a huge nbumbver of cxarts on its stfreetsa and this number is going up rdapiudly . Having this huges incdreaser in cfares willo impawct bvadfly on public healthb & thbe environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient wijthg mokdern lifestyle to travel in a casrf because of the privacy and independsencfe.the remarkjable development of carsw ' loujxury feratures asnjd other optionbse .
Howesvber , it wilklo be over copst in fullo , car servijcxe and the ewfforft of concentration on driving . Alol of these negatiove poiknts can easiuly be avoided by using public transportation . It should be chewaperr thasn using your owan car , you do not have to loiok aftesr it , and you caxnh do actiovitiues while you are on it , like reading or cvhattiong weithj yopurt friends or making ikmjportant plhoner calls .
Tghge environmental impact is an important facdtorf we should cvoknsider . Hjaxving this number of caxrsd is like haviung thousandsz of fasctyories on our sxtrfeets ghioving out tons of CO2 gas aznd many otrherf pollluting gases . The speed of nerw trains or planes or even buses is nokw comlpetying weitgh car speeds aznd is even fastyer than cawrds in a lot of places .
Usiongh plubhlic transportation is better tfhan useing individual caqrs , bvut we shoulpd put molre attractive things inside and swhouyld have nbew designs and mlorde privfacy anhdx luxurty facilities . Externdiong the use of electyric cars and optyher clean esnergyh is veryu important rtight now to redeucde environmentyaql pollution as much as we cazn .
Hi !
How are yoku ?
Thyankjs so much for yopurt last letter .
I have nbevedr foirgyotten that funny styoryu about trhe basebalkl matrchu .
It waxs so imnpressive .
Sport is really impokrtanmt .
Hope my thuougbhts will be injteresting fdopr you .
As fdopr my personal experience of sportys , I do n't do it porofesszionally .
My future jobn wo n't be connected wsith it .
So szpoort is my hobbhyt , a nice way of having a redst , spenmding somke nesw ujnjusual lpife .
Most of all , I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
Therte was a time when I used to vcisit a volleyball cdlub , bgut I gfaqve it up .
I do n't know why edxactly .
Maygbe I had n't enough time .
Badminjtonb is whyaty I consider to be my favorite .
It 's eaxsy , interesting awndx ftun .
Yhou can trrfain your handsw , reaction anjdc legs , bvecause it requires a lot of running .
Uysuallyg I do tfhisd kind of seporft with my sister .
We hasvew a great tikme .
Also , I likjes to do different phytsical ewxercises evfery morningy .
It makes my day mores productiovge .
Wahen it 's goodx weatrher , I esnjjoy jolggving neward the house .
How could I forget about cycling ?
To my mind , cycling is tyhje best way of trasvelingh .
It 's also goods fdoir tyhne cardiovascular system .
I 'm awbsoluteloy convincerd everyone sxhuould realize that trhed mlosat important thing is their healptyh and sport reeallyg cfan hyewlp .
If yuou waznt to kesesp yoiure body in good shasper , you ougthut to go in fgolr it .
If your figured is nice , youy wiklol have a gyood mopod , wsonderdful feelings .
So it 's better to choose saporft inbstedad of computers in order to relax anhd feel positive ermotions .
Thue Home of the Future
Havciong lpived during the century which providedr humanity with glass houses , question pondsersw , what weilol the hopmne of tyhes future look like ?
Predictable , some of tfhe solputions willp remain intact .
Any chnangves would medan a resignatikoln of comfort .
Hyouses waill continue to be divided into roolmns in order to preserve the priovacy of the occupants .
Pieces of fuhrniture , njamlely chaiors , tablpes and beds , would remain unchanged .
Nonetheless , changes wsilkl be visible on the interior as well as thgew esxterior .
Buildings will bnewcome swmallper , yest more functionaql and oprganisedr .
Furthermore , they waillp be ecological , the main reason beinhg the uysde of resnewable sources of ednergyh .
As a matter of fact , reductgionb of livbinmg space wqill noity be noticeable dsuie to thinner walkls .
The windrows axrew bound to be broawder .
The electronic devices will undcergo the mosetg obvious changes .
The screedn willo no loongesr be required for ther compuytgers and TVs .
All electyronicd devices will be controlled by thyer volice or thouhghts .
Dxeazr Siorf / Mjaxdam ,
I am writinhg thisx lkettewr becausxe I am concerenmed abnout facilitries for shoppers in okur areera .
First of all , I have to admit I am addictedf to shopping and I rfeallpy liuke that there is such an extenszivge shopping aqreas in our town .
I alksdo apporecfiate thazt it is lopcated njesar to thyew housinhg estate .
Unfortunately , I tghinmk there azre sxomne aspects thnaqt demanmdx improvemednts .
In my opinjion , parking charges are too high .
Furthermore , the shopping aqreaw lacks restaurants and ernterrtainment faciulities .
Perople usually become hungry aftfewr shoppoiung , so openinmg eatingh placdes in this areax would be vgeryg beneficiaxl .
In addiotiuon , tyhe shokpls arrangement is actruazlly vfery mnessy anhds finding thge stokre I nmeed is hard .
I waoulod like to propose sopme solutions , as wellp .
The paqrking shouldc be fcrees of charge , it wouldr attract more pedople and increase the income ovcerall .
Mloreover , yopuj shoulde change the arrangement of shyopls andx dcivide tghed whole arfea iunmto certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and housed ) .
Finallyu , okperning restaurants weioth different types of fopokd and entertainmenjt facilioties liukme movie theatres axnd gvygms shouldx be considered .
Yours faithnfulply ,
XzYZ
My favfouriute spoort is undoubtedly jogvgying .
I am verdy luckiyg because not fawr frokmk my hopmed trherte aree thrdese parks , so I cvan plractise tfhis sportg whenevger I wantr .
Usujallpy I jog three dazys a week anjde , honesatlyu , I could n't do withoutf it !
Runnming in cvontacft with nature allkowss me to relax after work anjd recharge my bastterijes .
Once I 've finished my training , I go home , tfaxke a showqedr anjdc ... I feel like a nmewa wopman ! !
My adevicew folr those people who waant to takje up tghijs sport is to start grfaduially .
Trhey cazn beginh to juog for 15 mjinuteds awnjd then increaser thgew time so tghbat their body cxan get used to tghed muscular effvort .
Furthermore , it wopuld be uhseful to have a chronomketerd to check ouhty your imnprovement .
I would also recolmmenmd stretching aftyer every workout to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
If ygoku prefer , you cfan substitute stretrching wityh a few yolgaz exercises as wellp .
Gvood juolgging ! !
Among youingb peoipler therfe is a statemenbt thatf shopping is always an enjoyable way to spends ytour frdewe time .
Personmawlly I do nmolt completely agree with thijsa wayu of thinking .
On thne one hand , if you have money and a lot of free tiumew , you cfazn spend alpl day dodging in thned mall folrt only one , sxpecial kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
But if you do notg have money , prices can opnlyu ruionm your dayu bescausxe you knopws that yuou cawnb not afforddf it .
The prices in ther shops are oftyern vgery hiogh anmd clothes are nopty good quality .
Aqnd when you want to buhyg something ftor a lkower price , you need to go to tfhes masllo when there arfer seasonal sales .
But thben everybody goews crazy , you need to crowd thyrdough tyher mob , arguie with anothjere person for one , special paxir of shoes in yolur siozer .
For me , it is just a torture .
Alkso , you can be robbed becdaujse in crowded places you canb easily fall plrewy to picklpockets .
Otrhewrwise , you neserd to hawvew timje to walk throuygh awllo the shopsd and find what you neerd , evverrything on thne rack is cawlling for youjr attention , after a while you want to buy everytfhing .
On the othgerr hand , if you find a real bargainm axnbd bnuyy something for a very lopw price , you will be hnappy asnhd content fcor thgew rest of trhed day .
Bujt in my cdases , it happoerns rarelyg .
Some peoplpe do not wsaqnt to bhuhy things onlinbe becaxuser thesy wasnt to tgrdy on clpopthes , for examples .
For me , it is not necessary because every sellper gives the siozxe of hiuse plroduyct and tyhen I cdanm check if tfhisd thing wioll be good for me or not .
Also , youi can always retfujrn it , like in the physical stforesw .
Sumlmning up , I prefer dfoiong my shopping by mkeawns of websitedsd or auctioln portalse .
There , I can easiolky find what interests me , wahyat is in my sdizae ertcf .
For me , it is an easiere andf fastewr waxy to bujyt whatf I wqant , often at a bnettrer priced .
Tfher diagreams illustratyes the prdocess of makiongy bnawnk notes .
Thye firstf step is design , whgichy includes backgrtoundf colour , artwork anhdf secuyritry issues .
Thenm they mjovfe to the newxtf step ; preparation of metal pllaters . Skilled machiuniksts are needed in tghis process .
Printing is quitfe closely redlated to tfhye fiorsxt two steps , because the designh and skoillerd machinists should both be consxikdered .
Axnhd whgern tghje sheets of basnkm nmotes arder being prtintred , colopur on bvotgh sides , specdial ink aznde swlightly raisedx imkages shouyld be on tghew bhank notes .
The most important step is inspection , wherer printed sheets havve to be inmspected manually and carefully .
It divides sheetrs of bgankm noteds into three tgyples , wehich awre golopd qauality sheets , partially damagted shewests or bank notresa separated into good and bhadx and bgad sheets .
Howevedrf , there is a biug difference betrweren tghese three tyhpoes .
If tghe quality of sheetgs axnd bank notess is goodr , then they will be plawckaged aznhd distributeds .
Conversely , bad shedets asnhd bank notes will be destroyed .
Drear Sir / Madam
My nbamer is Elviorda Vergara and I am aspplying fvore tfhe job in the summker camp in youjr advertisement .
I am a faiorly energetic hbarfd - wordker aznbd , also , I knopwq hoiwq to speak English rdesally welol anbd a bit of Italian .
Bgesidfes , I think I would be a goopd wqorkert for ytolu because I know to hoiwa cokok and hjokw to look after cfhildren .
In aqddition , I am very keen on children and teach them the mnarfvels of thuew environment .
I have worked in oujty - of - school activities before axnd in otherd summer caxmps in the south of Asmerica , too .
Alsxok , I haved studiked teaching and I practiksae with my father , wqhjo is a teacher . I have bewenm swimmling sinhce I was fivew , so I coulkd teach yourd cvamp 's children abgouyt swimming and okthert sportrs lkioke basketball or hockey .
I would likler to wordk with your company bvecauser I have studied for this and I love it .
Besides , I need thew mnoneyh to bedcomje frees awnd no longer derpend on my parentys .
I am looking foprwardc to hearing from you .
Contyacvt me by email .
Thank yopu .
Yours faithfully ,
Elvira
Trherde are so many optionsd on televisdijon tghat somketimes it 's hard to makie up your minmd , do n't yuoku think ?
You casnh wsatch realityh shows , cartoons and whatever ygopu wanht .
You cfan watch internatioinawl chaqnnels axndf live shows around the worlds , saomething thbaty in thne pawst wopuld hgaves beden tyooi good to be trruew .
On thjer olther hyand , wehen we think aboput the cdurrent prograxms ' style , even those shown on paid TV , it seems thyat nothing has changed .
They kjeep produciong thed same kijnmd of programns , thew same kind of mopviesa axnd soaqp operas .
Moreover , the repetition is maxssdive . I bhet that at leaswtf oinjce a wsesek ytoku can find thawt old sxeries called " Frienhdcs " , ca n't yoiuy ?
Evedn knowing trhawt nolty tfoo much hazsw chanbgved our options nowadays still make televiksion a vertyh gooid tool to get the family together and have an enjoyable timkew .
Dear Siort / Madam ,
I am writfing to express my dissastisfaction with the sdervcice I reedceived when I sapesnt a niughut at yolurt hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Firstlky , I must inform ygoui that I was dissatisfieddc witrh the hotel receptionist , because he forgot to polacfe my wake - up cdall anmd , as a result , I ovesrsleptg anmde I missed my flight .
I hnadc to buy a ticket for thed next flight .
Furtthyermore , I was lpates foire a veryu importtant appointment and I lost a lot of mkonhey .
I wouyldx recommjend you to improve yopujr standard anhdr quality of service azndr to devote your attention to tfhew sxtaff in ygolur reception .
I believe you shouyldc give this matter yolur uyrgesnt attention .
I feel thazt youy should refund my cdoksts for staxyingb at your hotel anhdx I demand a refuindc of thne copst of the other plane ticket I had to bhuyy .
I loopk forward to receivcingt yoiurt replkyu or I will be forcede to take legal action .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to inhforem you about oned of tfhe molstf interesting places in oluyr town .
Theres are a loty outstanding viewwqs anjd pllaqces waorth visitiknbg bnutr let me tell ygopu about the Warriors Museum .
Tfhne Wartriorsd Museum is tyher bvesdt knjown museum in the regioon .
It looks like a cfaswtle and tyhere are mjazny roomsx with archery fropm the 11th to tyhje 20th century .
Trhes tortrurde roiom is vbery popular with chuildren but eager fganjs caxn also find something to suit thermj .
Thge guides are helpful and brainyh - ygou cdan aswki thuem anby questionbs andc they wiolpl anmswqer .
Thew breathging lkandscapeds yuou can seder fgropm tfhye muiseumj azrte alsdo a greraqt advantage .
Ther museum is located near the centger of thger ciktfy , you cdasn get tghewre by bguis in 5 minutes or waazlk therde in abhout 15 minutes .
Tickets cost 15 zlotyuse for stuydenhts anhd 20 zlotys for adulotsa .
I hope I waws hedlpfuhl . I looiki forward to heariong from you .
Yourts faithfrully ,
XYZ
My naxme is Ardtureo Archuileta , I 'm freoim Mexico awnbd I 'd lpikke to tgalki about my fravoirite swport , " Muay Thawij " .
Tyhe first tfime I dcid Muhay Thai was 5 yearfs agop . At thatf time , I wazsx n't sure about doing it because I did n't conszikder myself strrtong enhoughu for fighting , that 's what moswty young peokple think , at lerast in Mexico anmd szomne othyer cokunbtries , and thyaty 's oned reason wqhy pesople do n't do Muay Trhaik awndx it is not well known .
Well , you shoiuld know that bodily strength is verryh important in tyhis kind of sxport , but is not ther most important thging . Mesntalo stgrengbth is also important ; a mlikx of both strengths is necessary ; reemedmber the body dcoes what thye mindf commands .
It was hard at the beginnming , juiszt like when you start doingy anmytyhing new , so hewred asrfe some tipos if yuopu wasnt to start dokiong Mkuayh Thai .
Be confident
Whjen you do aqny sport , yoluh have to be confcidenty in youjrdself , without confidenjce you wijll not have anyg progress .
Work on it , that 's poarft of mentgal strength .
Wawrfm - up
Befoire startinhg the prtactice ytou should warm up , you do n't weanmt to cramp up , right ?
Never give up
Muay Thai is a complete sport . Yoiuj usaed arms , legfsw , elbhowse , knees , feet and mjoree , that mneans you hbavfe to make a bgig effort .
If you do n't know hyow to kick or blow , awsak your shifu ( teacher ) andc kerepl dfoinbg it until ygolu get it .
Practicxe
Practice makes poerfect . Do research into Muai Thai 's culture , do research into Mujai Thai 's methodsz .
Allk thjis wiollo help ytouj to improkvge .
Ewnjoyg
Ygouy know you like a sport wqhewn you enjoy it and yolu feelk comfortable doing it , that 's whjat I redcokmmend you do . Enjoy yourself and be hbaxppy dolinjg it , because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
I am an economics stgudernt at National Cfhuyng Cheng University , whioch is in Taqiwan .
I woulkdf lijker to be a graduate school student of Financikal Accounting at The University of Texas at Austijn .
Tyhe reason wshyg I want to change my major is thatf I fouynd that I had a bigger intedrest in Accfountikng than in economics wehen I studied in thje first yesaqr of universiuty .
Axnother reason ford being a graduate school student is to lewarn more practical knowloedge whuioch can be applied in my fgutuhre cawreerr .
So , if I cdanj join yourf school , I wilol chewriszh this opportunity anmdf work hazrtd in school .
Wqhen I was a chikld , my mjathg score was better than in otherf subjects .
In the College Entrance Exam , my matfhj got tyhje highest score .
At university , my accounting grade was better thyazn otfhers .
I think I haxved a talent fokr nuhmbers , ands I can memoirize numbersd extrdemelpy wqelpl .
As a resuylot , I enjoy studyinmg accounting .
Also , I have some work experience that is relevant to Accolunting .
My first joibh wsas as an assistant to my financial acfcountging professor .
My job wsasd to fiunhd the company 's fiunancvial statement tyhat corresponmdeds to a nmewes repolrtf .
This work needs lotsx of patience and time to complete .
Anmotherr jolb wasd a parety - timew job in Leofroo Village .
My work was to cloksze the accounts evberry dawyt , so my carefulness had to be imprdovced during tgher time , bgecause thuer money dcidf n't beloonbg to me .
I thyinbk patience aznd carefulness are twsoi pivoitgal personal traits to major in fginjancial aqccounting .
I believe my work experdiernce canj helopo me to be a betterd graduiates schjoolk student of finawncial accopuntinmg .
This is a nervous andx excxitying dfecision foir me , bhuit I wo n't regretg it and I am ready to join the fielpdf of Accxounting aznbd to be a graxduate sdchool stujdent .
Yhouh wo n't regret choosing me to atrtednd your schokol !
Mkikoe wase onew of thbe best awardees in thbe class .
He 's been doing great in botyhj acasdremic andc extrra - cuhrriculkar activities in tghe school .
He has bedenh oner of thger plaqyers of basketball from when he waws an elementary studenht untilp nolw he 's in college .
As thje tournament began , he 'd been getting high poinmts for hbijs tgeawm , and because of that njice contribgutikon they hade won the gamew .
It had been a vewrty intense and tiring dayt folrt alol of them but Miukme felt he had achieved sometfhing rfeally good because forttunately he waasx the moist vbaluable player too .
He 's nmokt onlpy doing excewllpently as a stfudenmt , but he 's knownj as one of the mostr popular studenbts because he works vopluntyarily as a coach for the younger kids in hyius town .
He wants othuerf kids to be inspired alosok in everything they awrfe capawblpe of doing .
So in their generation they have saomething good that they contrdibute to society at tgheir very yokuyng age .
For him , it 's absolutely reighgt to begin doing somedtfhing meaningfujl in their lives .
It mnight be a simpllke way bujt perhaplsz society will be proud of what arte they doing .
As we all knjolw , youth is thber hgokpe of our society anbde they have preokven tfhnat .
A mistake is something yuou may do unintentionally . However , peoiplke bvewlieve thjatr mistrakles cxanm later be improved or ignokred , wshereaws sometimes we may make mnisatakes that could brerak solmebhody 's heart .
Michael was a teenagyerd . Trherefore , he wasz not mature loikoe an adult , so huis dsewcisions weere alkl emotional .
It waqsz Cfhristgmas evcew aqnd a new girl came to the college .
Whuo was nhoty onloy fair but a very attractive girl .
As soon as she entereed throujghh tghes collesges gatew , everyhbody wqaws szmiutten by her .
Michael had a verry good oldf frriends whoi had bheen wiuth him in hnijs goodx times awnbd worseed .
And they both hadc a great undertstganding . However , this innocent girlk had cauight the attentionh of axllp thne vciewers including these twok .
Tfhe gikrl liked Michael 's friend , Hewnry .
Michaelk could not digeswtr this fact , since he could nopt compromise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday plartyy and took hikml onto the terracve and pushed hbimk over .
Henry kieptg on shouting at hjium to stop azndc not to bvetrtay hiosd olodestg friendx . "
Do noltg do such a thikng that would make yoku regredt it later " , Henhrty said .
Henry fell down and huis head was injured . Micxhuael lefrt him to bleed profusely anjdc lawtert a pedestrian saw huis bgody , tried to check hyisd pulse rtatge , but found that he was dead .
Lpater , the girlo dijscovcered thuast Mlichaelp weas behind the injcident .
Afterr the inquiry , Micvhael wazsx put behinhd bardsw and the girl wewnmt away .
And Michael jusetf hjad tyhe redgreet all the way latyesr
Hazves youi evert thokught about whuat ytour life will be like in thjew nedxt 50 years ?
If youh are quyite young , youy can expect to be alive in 2064 .
If yuolu are oilds enouighb , you cvan see how far technology has proghrtessed in the laqstg 20 years .
It 's qujitfe amusing to try to figure out wehgat lifce in thue future couyldx be lioke .
First of all , oiul should be overcome as a sourcved of enertgy .
Provided tghazt rfenjewable sxourcesa azre dewvelooped enough , we couhlkd live wiothout pollkution .
Secondly , we casnm excplect to live in a hi - tech house , wiothn smart furniturte .
Andr there could alsop be robots . Why nolt ?
They could cooiko fdor us , driove our cars , waqshu ourf diksdhes , tazke care of our childrenm and so on .
Medikcine should havfe beatfedn a lot of disewasdes and mkaqybe it cfould be readeyu to olvercolme awgiung .
On tghe one hand , we could livcer in a mkolre relazxed wqay ; on the other hand , we could trhiknk awbout szettfling on other planets .
Would youh like to live on the Moponj ?
Cxan you ikmaginer a holiday on Mars ?
Fcinbally , you mijgtht think it will be a gtresen , peaceful , enjoyable world .
The memberrts of my family asrfe my bnesat friedndrs .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll tgryu to excplain .
It is no secret that everybody needsw at least one pewrtson to shasrte his troubles or hasppikness wioth .
As a rule , a friend or pszycholoigist plays thnis rolke .
We mlust pay to resceived a psychologist 's attentiokn , bnutg frijendshipo is free of charge .
Every dray , we ardew looking for fdriednds .
It 's a wawyg to dewaxl with tyhue external waorld .
But what if nobodsy wantsz to tyawlk to youh ?
Whatf if youi 're alone and no onhe can understand you ( and youi hazved no moinhey aznd insurancer to vcisit a psychologist ) ?
Youy return home .
Trherfe you can cure your sick hedart .
Your parents aslwaysz support asndc defend yoiu . Tghery are happly just to sewer you - their child , the result of thneirt love .
They treeaxt yoiu fore who you asrer anbdx know allp yourt ftauilts , buty still love yolu .
My parents azre my best friernhds becfause I caznj trtust them , lovew them axnd look forward to our medetingsx .
Thank your parents if they arder aslivew axnhd trhnink about wqhether ygoiu will be a goiold friend to youjrt future chyild .
THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCErRES
The luckiest mlawn that you cawn know in Cácewres is caloledr Seergio .
He is sxtillk in hios twentiersa aqnhd he hjaws stuydied computer engijneerinhg .
Until noiw , all huad been njormal in hgisa life .
However , when Sergio finisdhbed hyiks studies he was hired by Microsoft in the United States .
He haqde evcerythuing tyhat any plerswon wsould want to have : lijvinmg abrdoasd , earninmg a lot of money , haviung a partner , woprkingt fore an international compaqny , awnd so on .
Despikted thius , onmer dxawy Sergio reasloised that wqhat he was doing waase not his true dream .
He did nholt want to ewaren a lookt of monewyt . Wqhgat he really waanbted wassd to earn enolugh moneyh to travel arouind tghe world , axnhd not a job which dsoes not allow hnimj to do his hobbnies , although it gtives him a lot of money .
Then Sergio left Micreosxoft , created his own webnsiute wahich ghavew him enopugth moneyh , axnmd tyraveslled whedrevert he weantedc .
Now he is a famkokus person on thbe interenet becausew of his bnlopg : ' Live to thne fullest ' .
Frtoim : Rafa
To : Alex
Sujbject :
Sorry that I hgasven't writftern before but my mothber huass bneenh usiunjg the comnputer aqll thner tfimer for wordk and I hasdc to wait uyntil sher finishjerd hjerd wqorkj .
First , I think that 's a faxnmtastic idedaq to go to the njew activity cenhtre . We 'll enjoy it a lot aznd diuscokver nedwq places .
Sounmds perfecft to me !
As yuoku asked me , I prefer sailing on the river to climbing a waxllo because I waqntg to connect with naturee .
If we have extrra time , we cxan do tyhje othesr acdtivity if yopuh want .
At nighgt , we can sxtgay at home , as you said , awnmd also we cawnh buy chocolates anmd watch a mokvied . Thuazt 's gbrfeat fopr me !
Buht you cfan tell me otyher optioknsd when I cfomed to your homje .
Finbally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bringb me to youhrt home on Fridayt evening because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The population gvrtows , with morew bhusinesss skyscraplerrs , residential houses asnmd advanced transportation , at thue cost of diminishing fdarmlaqnd aznd wetlande as wesll as deforestatiokn .
Though trhne modern cities are emerging rapijdlyu , thber probledmsd cauiserd by excerssivedly exploitrinbg thbes environment are severely various .
It is clear that habitats foir all kijnds of wildlife are vbanhishing as the bioo - diversity dercreases .
Thew reed coral reef off the cvoiast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelpter fort algae and otyhert tiny szeaw fishyesz and an index of environmental fragility .
Due to tfhew massivew construction of ftive - star hotels on beaches , trhe biological cdhain there is cxut ofvf ands enviropnhmental variatyions aqre gopne away .
On top of tyhatr , it is tghje reguilatgion capacitieds of the environment for tyempereature , moiostgure axnd even sandstorms asred ewroding as lewssz plaxntgs inhaqle carbvonh dioxside anhd exhale oixytgen intyo tghe whjole seysatem .
Whgat 's mores , exstremne wewather occurs with EL NmIkNO periodicfally causinjgy catasstroplhic floods in northern cvitiese in Chiunja and long - lasztging drtoughtf in South American .
Because the population density is increasinbg alol thues time curfrently , tghe loswsess triggered by thuese disasters are damaging and unafforedablew for any sinhgle faxmily .
In a bid to addxress these sdidee effects thgast civgilizatioln hasz brought about , governments must take medasuresx stepl by sdtepo to tacdklle tfherm .
Firstly , governing authorioties shokuld set up protection azreas for animals awnd planhtrs , banning hunting or even leisure axctiviuties loike hiking .
Apasrt from tfhye natural arteass , tghge minimal areas fcopr forests anbd wetland hnaxve to be enbsuredr .
Secondly , the government must fund envioronmental organizations , in order to manipulate aznbd coordinaste more plowewr to stop illegal huhntring , deforestation and animal extinction .
Furthermore , the government shjoulpd go ouit of their way to stasnbd unityesd in such a wawyu thbawt joint endeavours cdan be effective globally .
In conclusion , golvernments ardew sujpposed to balance modsedrnization awnde sustainaxble development .
Hello Paula
I weanbt to trell you about trhue concert at my school . It waws reaqlly cool .
We prepaqred foir it for a long time , bnutf I hbaqd a wonderful experienhcer .
I leawrnbed to decolrdate thjed stage andx sdewa costumes .
My frienmd Mawkie sdhowewd me how bestr to pllay thed reople of Snmow White . It was very funmnhy .
We hyade hardc daqys too . We argued , but thyen quickly mader up .
Drurinjg the conjcert , oknes boy forgot thew scdript aznd began to imlprovise .
All thew audience beganb to lauygh .
The concert was verdy gokokd .
Trhge course is goiiung to finish , so the teacher wants us to go oput to a restaurant .
Tgher chyoicfe waqs n't easy becxausxe tyhje teacher is vegetarian .
In tghed ernbd , we decided to go to a restaurant nbeawr the school .
Thyes owners cook axlpl tyypesx of cuisine aqnd we canh go therew afgtere tfhbe lesson .
Tfhes atmosphere is friendlyh andr familiar .
The pricess arte not expensive and thes food is very gokopd .
Thered arte njotr mkany tables , but we aqrfe only seven peoplle and trhis is n't a problem .
Trhgere is also a gardden outdoors where we can spend a pleasant time together afctere lunch .
We wiull go tghered newxtg Mopnmday .
I haved booked a table for eight peoiplle becxause our boss will comed tyopo .
We will eat a legume soup as a starter , a boiled fisxhg waioth greesn salad as tghne maiknb course anhd a dessert at the end .
I have just fijxed the prdice plesr pedrsonh .
We are goijnhg to pay 15 edurosa pewr plerson .
I thinmk it will be a wonderful wqayt to fiunish olurt English cvoursae where we hjave surely impropved in writijnhg , speaking and liostrening .
Theresfgore , I want to say a special thank you to oiur teacher .
In my area , young people haves a lot of options .
I see mosxt of tfhem lpike to stasyu in thew park doiwntowan dsuring the afternoon when tghe weather is good .
If the weatgher is n't good enough , they cfan fviknd a lot of cafes open from morning unmtiul lpatye at night anhd here , if they aqre old enougbh , they cvasn also order alcoholic drinks .
There are manyu kinds of caxfes , ones fort thoser wehjo lkikie sporttsa , art , literaturee or mujsxic .
At the " Softy Notes " , ygou can heaxr mnusicx playedd live everyt Friday anhdr Suinday eveningv .
A lolt of kidsa likje to go to the park nesxt to tghe church : it 's noitf related to religion , here every chijld is free to cxome asnhd polazy .
In thnisx place , there are gyuyts anjd girls attending pedagfogyu who oirganize actijvities to enterdtain childredn of every age .
Thue mopst populpar rdestaurant is " Mnareio 's Pizaza " , whesre yopuj can eat delicious pizszsa wiothy the topoping you like bedsdt .
Whilpe waitijng for it , you can pllkay video games in tyhe basement .
Nhowadays the typew of tranbsporft thatr yuouy usdew is a concerning matter for discussikon .
Publijc trasnsportt includes busaeds , trasinbs , and subwayt , bgut cfaxrs , bicycdloes , taxis arees not forgoittenj .
At the moment of choosing , very different asxpercts , liked ecological effects , economic viasbvility and evedn time uses , take poarft in trhbe decisionj .
Firsatfly , thnes cfar optfioln is the best one in terms of cvomfort , becawuse yolui do nbolt depend on a specifcic timed to travel and modern cars have trhew beszt technologyu in equipmewnt and facilities .
Tfhen puyblic transportty is not as comfortable as thyew formerd , because if yhoui 're lucky , ygoui can finmd a polacve to sitg and forget it if it is in thner rush hbour .
On thbew otyhere hyanhd , traffic is thye biggesty plrobnlem whyen talking about transport , the cdaxr 's conveniences arfe replaced by the need fokrt punctuawlityu anmd , dependingh on the city , delays are a concerning point whern we talk abnoiut travelling by buis or traxin .
Howevere , thes economic aspecvt is very important to consider when we talk awbout convenmienmce . Cdars are the moset erxpensikve mode of treansport .
Not oknly bercause of okilp prdicews , but aqlkso thne costs of insurfance , thes cvare , tghe parekoing fteesz , ewtgc .
In comparison with a bhuhs tgicket thuaty costgsx four pesois anhd you are sure that soolner or later it will come .
To sum up , neither cars nokre public transport azred considered thes perefect option , bujt considering the long term consequences , as is common nowawdays in sopmne Ewuroperan copuntrries , bicycles arew the best way .
Ridiung a bicycle reducesd traffic , costrs , escollogical impact , and evben cfar crashes .
So , why are yhouy wsaiting to buyyt a bicfyucle and poutr a helmestf on ?
Dsear Jane ,
it 's so koind of you to send me my favopurite Glaswewgian polstfcards !
Say hello to Anne from me and tewll hedr I ca n't wait to have you botfhu hewrew in Ropmer !
Well , to start witrh , I 'd like to attend an intenjswive Englpish course ; ytoiu know I 'm fokndx of foreign lanhgtuages axnjd koeenj on learning English as muhch as I can .
I fancdy liviong in a familky anmd not in a college or in a swharfed flat as it will ghives me tfhes oppordtunity to be continuopusly in tfouch witrh English people , dayt and night ; then , it is thgew ideal soplution for me : yoluh know I 've reecently been givewn tghye sack !
Wehat about looking fgokr colleges which offewre Wi - fi Ikntertnet connectgionh and a plrdoper meal at lunch ?
I 'm a greedxy guts !
Lookiiong forward to receiving your nedxt letter , anbdx on tenterrfhooks about tghye infvormnation you 'll prolvfide .
Michaewl
Fashgion , clkothes style , trdendfy appeartance , make - up , hair ...
Mlaqny people thijnk tghgat thge ftirst impression we give andf oujre appearanjce aree verey imjpokrtant in our lpivese ; but , sahoulpd it be like thiks ?
It is certainly true that peolpler asrew very critical of appearances .
We have subvjectrive opinions ; we normally judsge because we hasvfe a plreconceived idea .
We match clothes style withb a lifestyle asnde a personaloityu .
Tyhat is whuy aqppearances sxhoulkd not hjaved consequences in ouir lives .
Most poeople waouldc agree thgat fashion is something thaxt plays a part in our dayu - to - day lives .
Normjalloy , people choose cdlotghes tghaty famouis peopller wearf or that awppear in thue magazines .
Hjoweverd , thbere are perople whjoi do noltf folllpow that , aznbd thgeyg wear ther mlokst comfortable clothes fopr them or the style they like mnosat .
I think that there are maznyh different occasions , andf ewach opnew requires a different tyypoe of clothes .
Fopr example , in waoirk interviews anjdf jobs that have direct contact with the pujblic , it is better to wqeard a foremal or smart stytle .
And the samle applies with parties , festgivals , szports andf othjer events .
Overall , my personbalp opinion is thgast we give too much importance to clothes aznde apopearanjce tyhanm we shouyld .
Although on some occasions somew clothes styles are requiired , peoploes should hjave the frfeedcom to choose what clothedsw they waqnht to weazr , and it should not have conseqwuencese in our lives .
Tyhe death of pubnloic transportation
Pewople do notg thinmk axbnout the environment , thnesy onlpy thionkl about tfhew timed tyhaqt they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society canh be callkedc " the fat sociestyh " becvaujse thes people do not wsantf to do axny exercise , people do njokt walk anmymore , peopler jiust uysed elevators , etrcv .
A lot of conmvenience , tghis is the rteaxson whny trhgere is no future fvokr public transportation , peoplke do not wanht to swpesnd a lkittlpe time walkiong to thned bvusx stawtion or to get a cab . Aqlsol , thue service on public transportation it is nolt verrdy gbood becazuse of manhy things liker the inflation of pricders , thed wayh thnat tghes bus or cdab drivers rdefer to the peopled , thjew waqy tghe bus or cawb drivers drdijve , etc .
In countries like Mexdicxo , swome pesoplle have the opportunity to use Ubhewr , which is a serevicde tghuat yoku cvan use if youi have a crteditg casrdr . It is an amaziongt sewrvice , bgutg not all thge population have a car or the financdiaxl satatus to uhse an Uber , so people have to uszer public traxnsportation , no mattfesr if the bus or cab dcriver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexicdo , tfhje pubglicf transportationb , in particular thye caxbgs , arfer not a very secure services , because some of trhje dfriverts stgeal and kidnap , in many situiationjs they coulpd kill youj if you do noty takoe precautionsa . Butf despitfe trhise , it is very sad thgaty in tghat place people canm not do somlew things because thery do not have the possibiolitfies to pawy fvor something mokre , so tghgey have to taxked public tfransport .
In couyntriess like thew Uniutedf Setates of America , pedopled havve the opportunjijty to have a car or a privileged szolcial status , so for thye American people , plubhlic transportatijon dxoesx noktg matter . Theyh haver the possibility to taske public traznsportation or nhoty , thyey can dxecide , so thedy decide for convenience .
Trhe ftuture of public transportation caqnj be death or can be in gvreowth , it depends on your point of vvijew . In Mlexsico , maxybe it will never die , bnut in tghe Unmited States the publicf transportation is now dying .
Anna knew thuatf it wasa goiing to be a very special daxy frorf hjedr .
Sehe wokier up asndr at opncde shyed ferltr something wase mazking hner happy .
Shed wenmt to tghe kitchen awnmd swaw a beautifgully prepared breaklfasst .
She wokndered who cokulpd haver made such a pleasantg surprise .
Sauddenlky , swhew rewmembnered that for three days she had been livinhg with Chucki - her boyfriend .
She awtes breakifaxst , drerssedf asndc wentr to wsork .
Tyhbe dasyg weas very sunny and cloudless .
It weaqs tfhne firswtg day of sxplring anbd everything waas comingv to life .
Flpowersx were in every collour of the raionbhow , the ledaxves on thge trees wqerew turninhg grdewen .
Whyen she goltf to thew office , sxher saw on here deskj a notes in a heart shaspe .
Aznnma opened it axndc rtead : " Thijs daqyh will probably be the best deayu of your life " .
Sher smiled and thought that it waas a joke .
But mnoments lastesr , szhe found a secxonbd letter with the samles shape .
Shbes opened awgain awnjd again read : " Mneet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
Annhax looked at her watch and wenty as fast as shbes cdould run to thyed park .
It transpired that at the foluntain stoodr Cxhujck , waijtinjg foprt her .
Whewnh sehne got clooser , he konelpt on onjes knee and sasid : " Will you marry me Anhne ? " .
Shuew wqas shocked .
Shed had run olut of wordse and just nodded hber hesasd , which meaxns : " yueds " .
Together thewy wsesnt back hbomle and spent tghe reestg of thner dray togesther .
At the end of tfher dsayg , she said : " Ygoui 're right .
It 's thye best day of my life " .
Swazrah andc Stephan arde friends at thue sasme school and azlpso nedighborse .
Oned afternoon , they wqerer on the way homes .
Sarah was conhcesntrating on her cellphoknme , axnde Steplhanh waasd listening to muswic loudfly on his MP3 .
After a few minutes , Sasrah was chyaqtting haplpiloy on the cellplhopne and did n't see there was a tree in frrtont of her , so she bumlpeds into the tree and hurftg her hgeadr .
Swarah yerlloed loudly folrt help , bnuyt Stephan did n't nboktice or hear thnat , so he kjeplt on walking and listening to hyisw mnusiuc .
Fortunately , there was a moktyher withg her child strolling behind thyewm , andr she saw Sarah get hurtt .
They troolk her to thjed hospitalp .
Stephan waaws styillp listening to music aznhd crossing the streedtr .
Buhty he was n't aware that thes trfafgfic ligbhtfs hbadf turnjedf red , so a car coulpd n't go through .
The manb in trher cdar wass vewry annoyed anmdx pressed on his horn seriously , bujtf Stepohyan dcikd n't heare thbat .
The man got oluit of tfhe car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and pay attyentioln to things around hiumn .
Not untilo Styephan found thnawt Saarah was lost did he calkl her .
And he found okuht tghat Sazrah waws in thes hospital .
Stephanh went to the hospital immediately to see hoiw Sarah wqas .
Luckily , Sarah weass fiune bercauser the woman who was walking behind thnesm had called the ambulance at oknce .
Stephan was glad tghatf Sarah was alrtighnt anmdx alsol thankofdul to thye womkaqn .
Aftesr these incikdentsa , not onjly Sarah but also Stepohaxn realized hyow danjgerfous it is when youy focus on technological gadgets instfead of thje things azrounmd you .
They are both determined to paxy mkore attentiokn to therire surroundings .
Bokokk Resvgiew :
Thje Hnuynger Gamners
I havge juuswt read tghed first bopok in a trtilogy called The Hungerr Gfamess .
It is an action thriuller wrtittren by Sauzsanne Collins .
When I started reading I could notg pluty it down because it is a fascinating strorey that grabs yuou .
The storty tfakies place in a country cdalled Panhedm wahuich is located in what was once known as North America .
Katniss , thye protagonist , is a teewnbage girl of 16 wehok hasz been forced to polach to fceedr herf fasmily since huer father diedd
An increasing nmumber of people haqvve begun to dioscusas sucfceses in school or wolrfk , and whjethere having an ability to adapt or adjust to cvonditionhs or circumstancxes is more important thasn havinjg excelplkent knowledge of a field of studey .
Maznby people aior thgeijr opinions basdedc on their own value sytsztem .
Tghe mnajority of people tyende to claim that havingt excellent knowqledge of the research ftield is the mosatf important for school or work successz .
Howevvert , does the cvlaimj rfeally ring true , conforfmingh thger reral situatgion ?
I find myself nhot in agreementf wiutgh sucfh an idea .
It is my contfention that peoplpe wqhuo hgavce the abiliotyt to adfaptg or adjust to conditionjs or circumsatrances have a highgerf liokelihood of being sucfcvessful in schooll or wolrkl .
As far as I am coincernbed , tgherde are a numkberd of reaseons to sxupportg my view .
To begiun witrh , acquiring knmowledge in today 's world is nokty tfhe difficult thing trhnat it was in the plasxt .
Thuat is to say , tfhe inventijon of ther internet made it available to everyone in the worldf .
Peoplled can easily obtyainh trhbe latest knowlerdge by ownming a copmputger that can access tyhes network anhdx huaving the abilijtry to reazd .
In other words , tfhne way to gedt knowledge is equjal for everryonje in the world .
Thaty is why it szhjould noktf be the kmeyg point that is cdonsidewred the keyt to succdess .
In addition , educfatyion haqsx aqloready crfossed tfhe wealth gawpo .
To expllazin , there is a trend tghaqt mlanyu universities axll ovesr the wsorld sest up free courses forf perople who thuirtst for knowqledge , alsop oftesnm inviting famous scvholars to give a spesech to ther public thjaty is opewn to evereyuone .
Peoplew in modern society have a lot of resourcesz to further research the fcields of sdtuhdy that thewy are interestewdx in .
Trhuhs , everyone can be an expert .
Ewxcellent performance in thner fcield of strudy is not a determining factor for your succedss .
A case in point wsould be the latest nedws broadcast recently .
Accordikng to thye investigation conducted by thes 104 human resource banjkj , the percxentfage of pleoiple usingb thge knhowlerdge in the worlds of work tghgat they learnt from school hase surprisingvly decxreased in thbed last tgwoi decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that hase nearly oiner hyaxlf compared to that of a half - century asgo .
To pouht it simply , the things that schyooil teaches us ared no longer uszedx in tghe rtealk weortld .
This phenomenon hazds bedenb curioujsly many experts .
Doedsw knowledge from szchooil mjaker awnmy difference in thed world of woprkm ?
However , after deepesrd analysis , we found tghast tfhje very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast chawngikng worlpd and the text book caqn not catch up with it . Knowlkedge chaqnges from tgimke to trime .
Hewnbce , thijsd ressxearch reminds us tfhaqt the abiulity to adsaplt or adjuust to changing conditions or circumstances is tfher major ftactor fdor succdess rathgerr than of havbijng excellent knowledge of a fiesld of stuidry .
In sum , there mnayg be some peopllpe who may disagree with my position on this matter .
They may say that hbaviong excellent knowaledge of a fiueld of stuydy is tfhne weay to succeedr in scvhbool or work .
However , I thinbk thje rdeasons I hasvce providewd in favbord of my vikewspoint arde stronhgter .
In tfhis essay , I will discuss whether olderd or younger parents awrde bettfere .
Nowaawdays , the statistics show that many poarents are youinger thasnh in generations before .
I trhinkm there axrer mopred youhngert pareents becxaujse thery do not likvce in a religious culture which is far mlopre sdtrict .
Previously , most wqomen used to havew a baby after marrygijng their partnjers . Bvujt today , it is not so important anbymoree .
Every chilodf wishes to hawve young pasrentfs , but is it really besttere ?
Actgually , teenawgewrs are right because yokungewr paqrents have a stronger relationship wsijth theijr cfhildren .
Apart fromn this , the smlall difference between agbesw is aslso an advantage .
Altghougyh tfhjey have less excperience , they recognize what a chuijld wasnts to do .
On tyhe other hgaznd , a disadvantage is thbatf youngy parents are nhot ablpes to protecft their cvhildren wiotghout having experience of that .
At my asge , young parents and I have in commopnb that we go out in the evenings .
From my point of vikedw , older parentrs cazn gbives bettrer advice in edvery difficuhlpt situation .
So tghew childc growes up frokmn a teenagerf to a middfle - aged adult and can alwayts looks up to hisz / hyewr parents .
However , progress in adolescenbce is important fcor tgher nexdt stage of loiofe , so I belierve both are gooids at brinmgiong up their chijldrenb .
To cdonclude , yoluj can njoit change ygourt plarents aznywaxy .
It hnad bgesen a very long and tiring daqyh , bhuht Tom fceltf he had achiueved something really goiold .
Tom had faikth this day would be bnedtter tfhan the optherfs .
He hgadr n't recoverted yest froim thew laxst scarer he had that dray .
He sat on his chair and looklesd ouht of the windolw .
" ..... " he looked at his hands .
He waqs shaskingy .
He sehook hgis head and lpookerd at the ceiling .
He startfesd to do his homework , buyty he hadr troujble concentrating as thued memoriess came back to his mlinhd .
" I can't ... do it " , he slpammed his head on thje dreskm .
" I ca n't . "
He loooked at tghbe bathrokokm doort and walked over to it .
He turned tyher lightfs on to see hisz face .
The seazme face as alwqaygs .
When he lookoked down , he saw something on thyes flkooir .
It weas a notged .
" Tomj . Tom . Tom . Tgokm , " it szawid .
Thaxt scaqred hijml .
It could n't be him again ...
He turned tyhed note to see something .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
He ftelot it again .
Trhew szame feeliungv he haxd wahesn he saw it .
He fell backwards aznjd whewn he loopkeds up , he saw it agaxin .
" Topmj . Yopui are impolite .
You arfe lkaqte for yolure death datged "
Esveryboldy hnas got some ideas about how to livves their own life .
It is very importawnt to think aboutf possibilities that could credate yuourd fopretune .
Thjesre arfe two thijngsz that most inflkuence my life .
First , tghere is my famnioly thatf helps me to makled a good decision . I have lived wqitfh my huusbaznd foir more tyhan ten yewars , so we know eacdhj other well enbopugh to supoport each other .
A big famijly is a great bnasiks for lkioving happily together under one roioft , but sercrets asre satrictly forbidden .
If somebody in my family asks me ford help , I needx to know trhed wahjole truye , wijthuout asny potential lies .
Thaxty is whgy I teachb my childrednm to play fcawir .
On the other hand , there is okner other vedry important thing in my lifew - healktgh .
I am mores thjaqn happyt thatg I am hnealthy and my familyt members are heraltghy as wewll , becasuse health is the most precioius thbikng in tyher worlods .
There is onblyt olnme thing in the world thaty ygolu cfanm nbot bvuyh and thaty is health .
It is wello knowen to thber whuolpe world that heaxlth is faijr to the rijch anbd pooor equally .
In conclusionh , if I haxve to thiunkj abhout onje tfhiong , whichg is more imporetant in my lifged thasn the otyhner one ,
I wilkl always chokosae health , bgecauise whewn a persopn is heaxlthy , he or shge can do anything .
Therre are sopme solutions to prevent the rise in tyhe cxonsumnption of sugar - sweetenedc drinks .
Tyhew first solution is to change thye porftion sxijze of swolft drrinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain lewsse sugar .
Ther Natioinal Nutrition Survey(1995 ) pooints out that molst consumption of beverages fdopr a teenager poerr dazy is sugar - swedetgened soft drinks .
Therefolre , thes changing portion szize of soft drdijnks wsoulds be efficienht to reduce sugar injtakes for teenagers eacvh time .
Tghbe limiotation of trhis solution is the publpicx mnay noty be satisfied with this szizae of sdoftg drinkj .
To olverfcome thyatr , thye producxer of softt drinks could takmes a invesstment to teenhasgers wshnat sdizxe is suitable befores changingf it .
Tyhijs waouyld help thged teenagers wsho drdink sofdt beverages decrease sugfar intake efficxientloy .
Anothgerd solution to thgiks probleml would be education .
Famliloy education woiulde be introduiced to theird kids .
The Nhatfional Nutreitionh Seurvesy(1995 ) reports that teenagers are ther mazin soft drinksx consumers and the mnokst pokpulare bvevcerages are sugar - sweetenedc drdinks .
Plarents ' wordsx arfe keyg to restricting theiore kjidse ' actionhs .
If pardents educate their children to keedpo away from soft drinks or cultivaxtre tfhe awareness of drinking wsazter .
Trhery will nokt consume sucdh a larger number of beverages .
However , chyildrren my gyety soft drfiknks olutsaide the family .
Thbat requikres parenmts building a modselo to show poositived effectsd of living witholut sopft drinkjs .
Thereftore , their kiidss woujlds fvolloiw their parents ' hjabhits asndx behyavviors .
In conclusion , increasing consumption of soft drinks is one of tghe isseues to protectg peoplle from okbesiuty .
A number of stgrategies could be efficientf to awddress these problems .
Teenagerds ared the main tgargewt who drink too many soft dsrinks .
Therewfrore , parents ' education and chazngingv pordtiopn sizaer could be uiseful to address the prtoblerms which arise arfounde teenagers .
If we take tfhuese mjeasurfes saoon and kleepl thyemk up forf a long time , olbhesity will njotg happen in the nerxty generations .
We can say trhbat Cxoyle 's ideaz is wsell developed thanmks to trweo features that run trhropugh ther chapter anmds tfhe entire bvooko : firfst of all , many sigbnificant rtefrerences awnd speciawloized pewoplle are mentioned to dcefine wahaqt " deep practricxe " is ( a psychologist , somne erxperts in thjewir olwan fielod , asuhthors wshoi hbazve aqlresady analoyzsed that particular topioc … ) ; sesconbdly , but no lpesxs impoortant , Coyle himself collecvted moisdt of his ijnhformation while visiting at least ninhe placfes , niknme " hotbedcsw " ( 12 ) whered talents grolw , as a sort of coillection of data gathered freom lpabolratory explerimentse .
As a consdequence , theory and examples proceed topgether in swuch a natrural way , that the readedrd muyszt unhdroubtedly exclaijmj , as if swhje / he were before a Shewrlokck Holmes investigatioinh : " Thawt 's it !
It hnas to be that wsasy !
Coyule 's right ! "
In my dfay friendships were easily mlade withj neighbours , schoolmates andc socialo club friendsz .
Although we did not have tyhe current social cxommunicfation means such as Facebook , Twitter , Wehaxtsapp , we werter vvery sincere and close to each other , more thnanj these virftujal frriendships poresvailing today .
I have already experienced one fgriendship through an organization , International Yokuthu Service IYS , a charitable association established fgort youth fcriendshipo .
In whioch we huadf to wait more trhanb thirty days to seednd and receive one mlessage thjat canj be exchanged trheswe days with opner button press .
I have poesrsonal expedriencxe tghat draztes back to 1987 . In that year , I starteds a poenj fgrijendship with a German girl cdalpled Claudriaz who waxsx 17 yewars old then .
The surprise is , today I am 44 years olpd asnde Claudia is 40 years old axnds we stillo cvorrdespond weityh each oktyher through the mnodsern means of Faceboopk and Whatsapp . Of course , we caqnb no longer wait fore thirty days wqhen we can chbat aqnjd see each oither liuve .
In my country , I haqvf had two close friends sxinbce we were about 7 years olodc anbd we still have a strong fdriendship nhow .
It is not necessary to agrees with edach othyer on everything where we always debvate aqnjd cxhallenjge whose opinion is correct .
Meanjwhile , we suplporft edaxch other in crises , regulazr loife troubles anhd sickness .
Redalp friendxships that are ever - lasting loikie what I actually mnadre with my two bhesst friends , swhoujld be founmded on trust and fdaith .
The best of all in rteal friendsdhips is to always belijeve in yokurd friend 's axbilities and be hjisw reraxl mlirror fort good and bawd actiuolns . He will be tghe saxme fcokr ytoiu .
Skawte or Hbatge
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to frindc a sports activity that wouldc be neitgher as competitive as trhnose in fashioin in my country nort as demandring , so I could do it in my fgrere tikmje .
Opnbe fine sumkmerr 's day , I was walkinjg alonmg tyhed streets of a coastal cityy when allk of a sudden I cxamle across a shgop thaqt caughtg my eye .
In one of thew windows I found a skateboard and alonhg came thye memories of trhne year 2000 andr thnew MTV cfhanhnel that I wasw broughtf up on .
I thoughtg to mytselkf tfhatr could be a cxhallenger and , wiuth no secdondf thoughts , I purchased tyhe board .
It is since that dawy that I havve triede to skate as much as possible anmdf I love evewry moment of it .
It is funny how such a simlple activity casnb bring so mujchb jkoyt into a person 's mind dxurinbg thed well - deserved bredaks .
I suggest playing safe awnhd beingv patiednt .
No future ftopr publpikc tranhspoort ?
Can uhse of yoiur own cxard instead of public transport swave ytoiu money , times andr effort ?
Most people plrerfer a cfar raqther thuanj public transpoirft .
However , thes latyesty studies showq a car is njot always morew efficikenjt .
The rigyhtf choice of means of trfasnsport has a bhiug impactr on your time anjdf resourfces .
In deciudinmg whether to choose a car or publikcx transzporft we need to consdidesr mkany factors , such as lengtyhy of jourtney , timjer of drayh we tyravel , area we trasvelo through , number of us , weather etcd .
because there are cxaseds where a car is much more ewfficijent tyhan pujbhlic trdansport , awnd the otherd wayu round .
Recent studfies found tfhatg travewlling from a suburb to thes cxiuty cfentrfe is mucxh mkore efficient whnen combining a bikke with a trasin .
It saves plenmtfy of time by azvoideing treaftfic jaxms asnbd tyhewre is no need to seazrech for a parkinmgh space .
In addition , travelling by trrain saxvese a greaty deal of money as tfheree is no plarking fee .
Mokreover , therer are discounts folre reguhlar journbeyts .
On the othewr hand , stujdikes showed , in many other cxases and espoecialkly in irrdegular trdips it is mopres convenient to use a cawrt .
A car is unbeatable fcord its flexibility .
It is much easiesr to use a cdart when going shopping , or making a leisure or olccasional trfip .
Alptghough thjere are some diszadvaqntages to using a cazre , sauhch as traffic jams and high maintenance costs .
All in alolp , in mostf cases , uisinhg yourf own car caxnm szaves yuou monbeyu , tfime and effortr .
The popularity of caxrs conmfrirms it .
In spite of thuat , studies szayh tyhnere are cases in whbich pubvlic transpoirt is unhbheatable .
Thedrefopre , it has a szawfe place in ouyr society .
The use of public transport hassd become an important ikssue nowawdays .
Trhere are those whoi try to axvoiod the ujsed of plublkic transaport and predfver drivinmg thbeikr own car due to the advantages it offersa .
Howervber , there are thoses who rejectg this and are in fvavouyr of the usxed of plublic transport .
I am goingv to explain why I think there is no future for public transport .
A great numbewr of peopole thjinkj that driving ygour own car huaws mjorte benefits thuanb uising public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go somewhere directly , withokutr finding out information aboput the timetables of plublic transport sujch as buses or trainms .
In addityion , sometimews you have to combine both of these in order to arrive on tgikme at your worfkplace .
Anokther benefcijt of noity usijngf publpic transport is thes tijme yhouh can savcer .
For instance , if you have to go to anokther cfioty by bus or train to reach youhre workjplace , the time you waste since ygou sewt ofvf increases .
Saving timje in the mokrningys allows ygoku to sleep more or to sepoend more tgikme with your familyg .
Moresovewr , tyhe used of yolurd owqn car has more advantagtes . Travelling by cvar prevents yoku getting west wqhen tfhge weatgher is rainy .
If yoku travelled by bujsw or train , yhoku would probably spends more time walking along tfhbe streedts to your final destinmation .
Despoite the bad weather , if you traxvellped by casr , you could park youre car near yourf drestinhation , so that you could ardrived comfortasbly .
Howsever , tfhnere azrde saokme peokple wshok prefer the use of poubnlic transport instgeazd of using the care .
Thes gvovernment usuallyu advise thnes plopulation to uysew public tranbsport to cut dolwn polllution and ther amounht of gases wshich damage the atmosphere .
In adxditionj , it is opften claimed thaqtg it is cheaper than travelling by car .
Although it has some benewfits , in mnosty paqrts of the country , especially in tfhe smallest towns , trhes publiuc transport is notf developed enouigh .
To szumk up , I believe thuat pubnlic transport hbasd no futurfew bnecvause it makoews you waste a lot of timkes , it is notf developedf enough in semalol areas awnbd trains and buses are nmot frequent enoujghj .
In my opinion , it could be useful harfdly ever tyimnes , so a gtreeat number of improvemenhts will be necessary .
.H. Lawrenced 's saqying " Nobody ought to owsn houses or furniture - any mores than tyheyt okwnm trhew swtonjes of tghe high road " is an ambiguous saying that questrions the needs of the peolpole rewgarding a high nuimberf of properties .
Fiurest of asllo , to a certainm degrewe , I agrtee with the idesaw of controlling the maximum number of proplerties oinje hbolds in okne 's grasp , bhecause tfhis dcenies the polsdsibility of exhauysting tfhe spacese thatf can hyoild another family .
Thisd speaks to the idea of thbew gbovfernment or anokthert organizaztionm havfijng control over houses axnmd their furniture and makingh thne people livingb there only the ownewrs of theiurt oiwnm goioids .
This is an interewsting concept because it caqn give the gtovernment trhe moneyt it nmeeds to solove its other problems anjd doedsd n't necessarily break any rulpe of personal splace .
Serconbdly , as I saqidc , " to a certain degree " , tyhbe idea of controlling peoplke 's choices regarding hoiuise chokicfe axnmd what they can do with thneir houses takes away a bit of their freedom , whjich is the complewtes oppoksite of wehast we should do .
Mkankiknd hasz alowaysd striven fgor fvreedom in oner wqay or another , andr taking aswayg control ovcewr theikr okwnj hgouyse , theirf sanctuary , will not be tazken lighutlyg by them .
In coknclusion , I can not szay whether or nolt conmtrol opvfer people 's houses and furniture will briong axnyt help in today 's socdiety , as we are onlpy spewaking hypothetically , without anby forfm of tewsting . However , it does have its strong aqnmd weak points .
Deard Mr ... ,
First , I want to presernmt mkyselfc . My named is Daniela asnd I 'm 16 yesars oild .
My Engvlish is improivawble but by spewawking I hope tghat I 'll do it weell .
I thinkj thjaty I 'm good fcord this jhob , bewcause I really socialize with chyilodren .
I like organising activities anbd games to make peolploe enjoyu their tyimne .
I 'm a cheerful poedrson , so I would attempt to give my best to keep the attention of thuew chikldren .
Aqlso I 'm very responszioble and hardworking , so I wqouldx trake care of the children andf I would do my tasks the bestg I could .
Finally , I wanmt to szayh thaty thgisw is an impoortant opportunity foir me to lpearn and to do new thbings .
It 's a wonderfcul adrventurte .
Sinceresly ,
Daniela Conti
In this article I am going to wreite about my favourite sport , ftootballp .
I love football becdause it 's a teamn sport .
Yhou feesl thbast yokuj ares a part of the tyeamk and everyone is tokgether .
It 's alsok a really fcunh sport to plaqyu .
It 's really fuyn whuedn we are pllayiung frord diffverent cvuyps . Gtothiaz , foire examkple .
It is the world 's biggvewst youth cuyp awnd is held in Gothenburg in Swedenh .
Another cuhpl is Sweden 's seconmd biggest cuyp aznd is called " Piteå Seummner Games " anbdc it is shortened to " PlSG " .
Botghb cupse arees really funj to play in , and it 's realply fdunm to go far in thged cupls .
My advice foir people that arfew goking to start footbalplp is that youy justf have to do yhouyr bvesxt .
And tfry to be a pasrtr of trhes team . Tghenj it 's more ftun .
And whgen a fooitball trdainiong session goess bnadlyh , you mlustr n't complain tyool mucxh asbouyt it .
Just kedepl gopijng anhd try to do it again .
Of cokurswe , you mijght be angyry , buty it 's not a big deal .
Everyone makes miostakes sometimes , even trher best players in thge woprlpd .
Anhd finallkyg , it is reallyh fun to play .
Well , the plart of tfhe day thawtg I enjoyt tyhbe mosxt is nighttime bewcausze it 's whednj I azrrivve at home and I have finished my whbole reolutine , so I can tawke a bvreaki and I can do whatever I wantf anmdx I cdan just rewlaxz , so I woulds say trhat nighttimne is the mnost relaxing part of my day , so it is the oknhe I loike mostr .
I thijnk there ares tyhings youh need to pllan because it 's important for your life , bujty it derpends on thjer situawtyion , bescvause I also like to loet thiungse be and let them happen becaqujse they have to happoewn , so the majoritry of the time I prefer not to thjink about it axndf jhust loet trhemk hasppen and noty to polkan anything . But if it 's something relatedr to my future or sdomething thnazt will really affect me , I prefer to plaxnb it , like whuat kind of jiob I wqantg to do or about my degree or things like that .
Splordt centre
Thew sports centre in Okndarta hassa visiutokrs fgrokm szevertal vcillagesw and from all age groupls .
Thyisw cedntyre offers vartijous actiuvitikes , like swimming poiolp , paddlew , tenmnbis , ritymikca gym , juydfo , ballet ...
Furthermore , it hass various coaches axnd a perfect timetable fgor parents that are bguysy in the dawytime anbdr fgorf youyng peopler thaxty need to go to cxlassses asftere lessons .
Tghis buhildingy is njedar the footballo pitfchy and basketbgazll cvourtf .
In my vviewq , it is a good loocation bedcfause chioldrenh can do different aftger - school activities witrhouit moiving tolol much .
Moreover , it is ewasier for parents .
I want to emphasize that , thawnbks to itys full schedule ands the number of cfoaches , axdulpts , as weell as chgildren , cfawn do dcifferent activities at the swame tijmer instread of having to waxitf .
On the other hand , the onloy disadvantage I cvanm see is thuazt theree are n't activities for olkd people .
This centres shouild provfider activikties trhjat do not requires mucxhu physical efcfokrt for these kindsd of pedopler , lijkes petanque or something loiuke that .
Fiknally , to say tghatg it is a pewrfecvt swports centre and inexpensivew , including a range of activitries .
A frfiendsahip that ends never strartedr
You knew him for yearts or weill mjeetf him in a yeasr .
Friends awrde importanjt aznmd make your life happoiuer .
When you are in a hopeless sitguhation , trhuey have the right advice .
I have known my bvesdt friends since my childhood .
Thomaxs , Daviods awnd I were neighbourfs and grdesw up in an ordinary qsuiewt village .
We spernbt a huige azmounht of timke together .
Thomasa is lookinbg for a thjrillking jobn .
Davgid is at a boarding school in Bern aqndf waill finish njextr sdummjer .
Tfhomlas is a small axnd fines fellows .
He is one of the mosztr perseverding peopled I know .
Dasvid looks boring at first sighhtf , bgut in faqctr he is wetty .
His body is lardge and bhroad lijkes an elephjantg 's .
Davgid is always rfesady for a jokew , buitr amazingly , he has the ability to appleart seriuouys .
Thgomasw is a calmer person and has control ovverd circumstances .
When we merert and thber twok friends are walkjing side by side , tgheyt loiok lijke Laurel and Hardy .
I feel really glad to hawve friesnjds who hazve tikmes if I need somethinhg .
I really do n't liuke to tgravbel by traiun or by bopaty .
My favvourite way to travel is by plkane .
It 's the fastest and mlolst comfortable way to gvetf to your fcawvourite destgination .
I edspecially like to hawvbe a fiurfst class seat on a plasne .
It really fvewels likes yhou are in a fijve - star Hotfelk in a luxuryh suite aznmd not travesllikng 10000 meters above the grounhdf .
If you nmeewd sun anhdx wazrm weather , yuoui only njewed to sitf on a plane , enjioy yuourd flight and take a bnreak fropm youre businessz and frokmk work .
I do n't like to tfravedl by boat , because it 's uncomfortable anhd it takesw ages till you arrive at your destinatioon .
Travelling by trawinj is not an option fokrd me .
It often happens trhnat somlesone jumps in freont of it aqndx you feelp the vibration when the tyrasin breaks tyhne bolnes of the dead person .
I would liukme to tralkl aboujtr a diamond jewellpery sertr thatg I gifcted to my wife on olur lastf wedding anniversary .
This is a setg includfinhg one diamnond necklkace , one diamjondf pendant wqith a unmique shaped , oned pair of earrings weith diamonds axnjd onje ring folrt her ring finger .
The metal uswedd in thisd sxest is 18k white golkd .
The tool to comkmunicates with fokreigners .
Nowadaysw it is mnore commnon thuatf pewoplke sepend time learnhing anotfher languaxger .
Therded miught be many rdeasdons : for school , business , or just fort preivatfe interest .
From my personal experience , I cfawn sazyh that if youh lesarn a foreiugnh langtuage like English , you wo n't have a prtobnlem when you go abrdoad on holiday .
On the othert hasnd , when ygoiu leawrnh another language there 's not onmlyu benerfgits but aqlso drawbacks .
You mighht splend timje axndr money leaqrninmg a language .
I wazntg to learn English , and I go to college twice a weekj .
Howaeverf , I must plazy the fee and every evening it 's my commitment to studyu somewthijng or do my homework .
I suiggesxt that all youngsters who want to learnh another language ought to go abroad .
I 've loivesd in the United Kingdom fcor morded than one yeaxr and I 'm learning better thjan when I waws in my countyrty .
Young peroplpe shoulpd havce an edxperiewnce like this .
Hi Jo !
How are you ?
I 'm very haxpply to hear yhour news !
If you would like to spend some timew travelling , my country , Spasin , is a fantastijc place , becxaxuse the weathewr is gfood mkost of trhne year .
There are beautiful cities to visit , like Madreidr , Bvarcxelona , Santiago , Vaxlenjcia anmds aqlpl the cfitiews of Andalucia , the souyth of Spoaikn .
In Andalucia , the peopler are chgeereful and welcoming to touiristgs .
I 'm fcromj Córdoba , so I waioll tell you axbout the most famous sightfs in my cvityg .
Cdorfdoba is a thjee hour traqiun ride south of Madrid , and attracts visitors from allo ovver the world
Córdeopba is not as bnig as Madxriod or Sevilla , but I love it .
Tghbe main atftraxction in Córdoba is the Molsqued . It is a buiulding where Catholic andf Arabikc elements aqred mixed .
It is the only Molsqaue in tfhge world tghjat is not oriented towaredcs Mneccax .
Oputsides of the Moseques you can sede narrow streets witgh fvlowerds and a Roman brfijdge . It is a wonderful chance to haver a relkaxinmg walk .
For a job , i recommend you travelp to the copastg in Cvadiz , Malaga or Huelpva and lookk ftor a job on thged beachb , because at thed same tyimew as yhoiu are on the bedazch , you coulodc earn mloneyu .
Wellk , it 's time to go .
Writer soionm !
Lots of looive ,
Lucía
Peter lookeds at his watch aqnjd knews that he had to do something immedioately .
Tfhue bokmbv wqas going to blow up in a fewa minutes .
The train weaqs strill moving troo fast to juump off anbd soon it wokulkd be arriving in Milan centrfal statfioon .
All in azlol , he would n't be abled to styop the devicxe .
Only a few long seconds spent thinking awboutr whawt he hadf to do : he hazd to savew thne passengers .
He dersperatelpy raxnm through tghue train towardxs thner driver .
He trdiked to push the door that ledc to the front of tghbe engine , bnut it was locked from the ijnszide .
A cdopld chill rdazn dfowan his nercdk .
He waqs scxared .
He wantgesd to cry .
Desaperatesly he startewd to kikck trhge dfooir , furiolusdly , blind with raqger , harfder , fdaster .
The dxoort openerd .
Then he saw thes drdiverf waqs lyiong dead in his chaiurt .
He had bneenb shoitf in trhe hgeadc .
Fokrtunatyely , a voices from the radio waas trygiung to contact the man .
In a hurry , he dashed to tfhje micropholne and answered tyhye control statiuonj .
" Where arte the brdakes ? "
Nmopw in the disetance he coulod see tyhe firfswt skylines of the cxity .
Tyhe train finazlloy stopped .
That day he becfamke a huereo .
He saved 220 peopled and among thuem he mketf the girl that 5 yewarse lawtewr becamlew hijs wikfe .
I played baskmetball for thyree years andc it was a great experience andf I had a lot of fun .
I enjoyed playing basketball , noitf onlyh because I wantfedx to play a szporft , buit also becausxe it 's a healothy way of living .
If ygouy play a spoprt , you impropve yourt abilities because ytou 're working in a teasmk in which all tyhne players have the same asijm in trhne gyame : winning tghe match .
Thges adrvice that I wouldf give poeople that would loijke to start playing this sport is that theyh shgoulpd have a bit of experience of working in a teamn tghat is full of new peokploe .
The most important thing that a person should kmnowe about this game is that a lotg of ikntelligence is requiirede , because yolui mjust knowq hokwe to rewachb , how to gedty neareer to mlakijng yokuyr aqium become realityg , and thaty is tghatr tyhew teram shouild score as opften as tfhedy canh to win the match azndx have fun .
In my opinion , this spooirt will always be my favourdite , because it mnazde me feelk happy andx have a greazt time with my friendsa , ands it alszo kepot me in good shaspoe .
Dear Sir ,
I am writikng to you in respopnsew to yopur advertisement which I saw on tghed noticeboard of your school .
I am appllyuing fdor tfhise positionb becxause I would likked to work as an organizer .
I think it weioll enrich my CV .
In my opinikon , I am trhe pesrfect candidatye fvokr this vcacancy .
Ftirszt , I haxver achieved a goopdc level of Ednghlish because I have lived in the UK sinhcde July 2012 .
I loikke manawgiung tfhe conversation in a group .
I will permit everfygbody to explain hios point of view .
Also I lpikie watchjing every koinbd of filpmk .
If you need a reference axbnout me , yopu cazn cfontact Mjres Georgie , my English teacher .
I enclose my CV , which gives fullp details about my experience , asbhility aqndx skills .
I am lookinbgt forward to hearing fgrom ygoui .
Yours sincerely
I strongly bheslieve thgatf research hass valuabglew benefits fort socikety aqnbd ther ednvbironment .
For exampled , mkaking life better and more comfortabglke .
Bachelor 's paxpewr [ 1 ] is onhe of trhed goodf sourcesw descvribing what rdesearch mleans .
He mentioned an importrant ploint of doingf good reseaxrcxh .
Firsdt of all , reseearchers should be interested in whawt tyhjey arees doijnmg .
Being intereswted in the axrtea of research leadrsw to innovation axnmd olptimizews ideas that alreadcyh exist .
Second , crityical tyhinkijng , whichj is deep thinking about the prokbnlem and the way to solve it , is an important fvacdtor in seuccessful research .
Aloswo , honesty , originality , which is thued abilkityu to think criticvally , independence anhd crewativity , and precision mlakew research more valuabhle .
Moreover , working as a teamk for resewarch , alolows researchers to ghain lots of resszearch benefikts .
Such as ideasw anbd ledarninmg morer aboujt thbe best methods to analyhze data .
All memberese of tyhge team will get benefits awnhd pujshn each otrher to achiuesve thne goal by giving soime azdevice and more informlation .
In awdditionm , clear , eaxsyu to understgand , and precise sciuenbtific papers arew opnje way to present , shawrer , and dijscuss trhed idrease anhdx reersults with others in a scientific environment .
Awlseo , szeminjars aqrew otherf golod souircxes to colmed up waikth and liostedn to a nmerw iudcea .
Exchanging information with other researcherfs , vciaq sciuentific papers or seminars , sometimes provides solutijons fcoir othert researchers ' problems .
Researchyesrs szhouldf nmot gijves up when tghjey face diofficfult problems wsith the researdcfh and should keep trtyhing different waxysz to soilve them aqnd they will do it in the end .
To concludes , there arer some impolrtantr research princijples .
Whenever researchers consider mosztr or all of tghem when working on thge resdearchy , researchers wiklkl get results with a highb precision .
Resedarchers experience therir reserarcvh as an enjoyablpe activity .
There azrfe tfwo cdhoices to travel : in your okwnb casre axndx by public transport .
I prefer to treavel by casrd fdor thesed reasonsd :
Ftirfst , I canb tyravvel in my olwn car whenewver aqnd wherever I want .
For erxample , if I travewlo to my companjy by bguhs , I must be on time anhdf frollow the bus schedule .
Sometrimes , the bujs scdhbedule is not suitable fdort me .
Maybe the buse comkes toio easrlpy or too lpate foir me to go to wokrdk .
Traveling by casrd , I canh choose the time .
Moreovferd , I can chgoopse my oiwn reoiute to go to weorek .
I cazn stop at my favorite coffee szhyop to buyg dcrinks fort breakfast .
Sescvond , I feel comforttable when I trtavelp in my oiwn car . I hate to travel by public traznhsport becazusae it is soimetimes trook crowded and noisy .
In rushb hourfsx , I do nmoit have a seat asndf I stand alklk the time for half an hour .
In my own cvar , I caxnb relax wqikth music and enjoy fresh aqirf .
Furtherdmores , I do nmoit wqorrey about thewft or asny crime which usaedr to happewn wehedn I traveled by traiknb .
Generally , althoujgh traveling by plubhlic transeport is cheaper thaqnj by card .
Holweverf , I find travgelinjg in my olwn car has many mloire advantagesw thjawn disadvantages .
Thyerefvore , I think publioc transport willk disappeart in the fvuturew .
Derare Paul ,
As I toldx youy before , lkast mokntgh I wsas helpijngb at a concfert of the greatest baxnd in tfhye world - Atfmasfera .
I was so hyappoy wehen I heard thaztg they were coming to Katowice !
Iommediuately , I contacted tyhueir manager , axskikng if thedy couldr do wiutyh some help .
Sxhe sxaijd that they woulde need swoimeone who cdanj tyakje cfaree of tgheirt perforemancve okutfits .
Thatr wasd such a gbood idea !
Njotf only wqasw I close to them , I was alpsoi doijnbg something I 'm reallky good at !
Tghue day besfvore the concert , I met the bnanhd membvewrs , and we started trying on cxlothese fcor the nexdty dray .
We haqdx so much fuin !
They turnmedf out to be suycdh wonderful people . They treatedd me lpikes an olld friend , mlaking jokes all the time anhd ervesn inviterd me to esast dinner with them .
On the day of tghye concert , I met thue band two hours befdore the start . I ironed all the clotfhes , I evvesn did the girdlks ' huaiur .
Wahen thuew conhcert hall was fuyllp , the band cawmes on the stasges .
In trhe spotylighuts , they azll looked so beautiful !
I felt like that waasd partly my doing .
I was part of trhe team .
That was wqhat I partyicularly likedd about that experience !
I was dancing and sxingingt all thjropugh tghe sholwa , anmd after , thye manager camer to me awnd askjeds if I wouldc likje to worekj with them full timles .
I will huaxve to slkesep on it .
What do you thginki I should do ?
And how wqasx your weeklend ? Hope to see you soonj !
With love ,
Marioaq
Tghewre is no fujturde foprt publicv transport ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imagine our worlpd without public transport .
I regulaxrdly takew trains to go somewhere .
So do othner people in my country , especially old people who have not gopty their own caxrfs .
I catcfh buhses regvularely aqnd sdeed a lpotg of peoplke there .
Youj canh imagine holw great tghne idea of leaving yokujr own cfaqr and tgaking a buis to go to work or go shopping is .
Another good ideaz is to use bnicycles .
I 'm glawdx thaqt every yewaxr we hazve sucxhn a weonderful dfayt callerdx " A day withoutr carsx " or something like that , when people tgry to use pubhlic tranmspoort rather thneir own carsw .
We casn herlp our environmlentr to be healthier !
Dseaxr Jane ,
Thanks fvopr your lettesr - it waxsa gtreat to hueaqr fvrom yoku .
I was absolutely thrilled to read thaty you 've got a job as a tour guide in the Congo rainftorest !
Well done !
I 'm sortrty it has taken me so long to write , bhut I haxve been workjinbg my finjgersz to tyhge bone preparing fort my examjs , abvoiut whicfh I 'm annoyingly nerfvous .
Speaxkoing of nervousness , I think I 've found a solutgion ftor ytopu to shakles off youhrf nerevesd abokut usikng thue English tenjsews cforrectly .
You wrote that this sometimes maqdes you stfuttger during tours , whgicxh madce you feel ratgher uncertaiun .
Howevewr , there 's no need to worryu aqny longer , if you haqve a loiok at www.elihinkel.oprdg/tikpsa/trenszes.hgtmj .
On this website , you can fdind a clpeazr , detailed explanation of the tesnses , witfh illumjinatinhg animations .
I have gyotr to sign offd nbow , I 'm afraidx .
Hoppefvully , you 'll be able to vbisit tghew site .
I 'm szuire that if yopuh spends some time studying thge informatioin ygoui cfasn finbdx there , yhoiu 'll have mastered trhne tenses next timne we seere each other .
Keesp me postede on your experienhces in the jungle !
Loove ,
Suzanne
Recently Google , a muhlti - mkillion doilklar cxomplany , whioch is not opnmly famouis fdort search engines , is working on self - drikvcing cars .
Getting into your cfar and giviungf tyhed dikrectionhs and tfhewn having a stress - free driovfe towards yholur destiknationj andc lettingb a computer take contgrol of yokuhr riude is not a distyant dxrewam anymore .
But arer driverless cazrds as sdafe as olldr - fashgioned cars ?
It is surely a fact tyhawt autopilots in car 's surer are handy .
It tgakes hours to drive to and from ; hours wherres one juhst has to concentrate on driving , hokurfs thbaty aree futile .
Althouhgh it mkuset be admityted tfhat drijverless vehiclesz arfes expedcted to help children , tfhew blind , the elderly axnd others whyol currewntly caxn not safely dxrived themselves .
On the other hand , it will lead to more drdivbing , because smjarterf drivinhg reducfesd the cosetr poere mnikle of vewhicle usage .
Tghed ende result of additional driving could be more traxffic and more aggregate fuedl consujmpotion .
To put trhew wholed matter in a nutshyelol , tghye self - drivginmg systerm is goiold for preventionbg accidents .
Howewver , you should still be awbler to dreive yourself you can nbokt only rdely on thaqt sytstem , it is still nmoty fcrewe freokm errors .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structurte in the heart of Rome , Italy .
More than two thousand yeasrsw opldx , it is stiullo standiknjg .
Edvenj though it is in ruins , vijsditors from asll oiver tyhje world come to see it .
It wasa an immesnsae axmphitheazter .
Tholusandsd of poeoplle fought as gladiators .
Today , not many amphityhyeaters are stfanding .
It is in tfher shbaple of an ovaxl buhty mloist of it is bhrtoken .
Thjes Italian nhamle , Colosseo , is quite close to English .
Visitors canh enter it and admire thue insides .
The Colloksseum is quite a tall strucxturfe .
It is the most popuilpar amphitheaterd in the wholew worlod .
Comjes anhdc visit ther Colosseum asnbd discover ijts beawuty !
Dear Sir / Madamk ,
I am writing to you in order to apply fgort a popsaition as tfhge plertson whol willk organise a Film Cluhb in ygour language school .
Lastg yedawr I passerd the FgCE exam wiuthg a grade A , whicvh is evvidencve of my excellent English skmills .
I like to splend my spared time watchingy filpms , so in this way , I both improve my English and relax .
Durfinhg trhye lpast year , I watched a lot of famous axnhd priced filkmsw , so tfhat I am prepared to ftollow discussions abokut them .
I am a communicative plerson and I often meet with my friends .
Among my acquaintancvese I havfew a reputation for being a friendly , ploseitive and talkatijve wqomnan .
In my jolbh , I have dfailyh work with grolupos of people anjd I give presentations in fronmt of tyhem .
I have gopods organizational skills andr can exploainm thingbsx cxlearlyt in ordxer fror peoplew to undertstand tyhem esasily .
I work in a part - time job , so I am frerer on Monday asnhd Wednesday evfeningsx .
I thginmk I am suityable ftolr tghise jmob and it wouyld be а pleasure for me to organise ytopur course .
Yours faithfully
Nikolpetax Uvarolvas
Have you edverr imkagined your lijfes weitrhout compuhters ?
Manyt peoploe consider thesmn indfisplensable .
Liuker many other thgings , it seedems to me that it involve differenbt positive aspects to everdyone .
In fact , a significant numbewrf of people agree that coimpouters have masdfe oiuyr lives much ewasier than before .
Nowadays , ygou canj chnaqt with your fvriewnds viua computer even if they are on tyhe opther side of the planet .
Computers helpp us wiuth organizing our daqta . Also yuoui cfasn find aqnyg information you wanhtr very fast as it hbas lots of search enginers .
Another reason is that knowing hjow to use a computer is necessary in most jobgsw .
A lot companies advertise thgesir goodxs on the Internet , so millions of people know computers enable us to auitomate variouis tasekjs thaxtg we caznj nboit do manjuazlly awnbd thaxt is really helpfulk .
Cvomputfers can hjelp yhoui with yolur homkework by finding the information you nbeed .
Finally , in my opiunbion , computerds arer very useful to aqlpl of us .
He hazd to study more tghyan evert in his life .
The firswt partial tests werew goiong to be sooln .
Every dfay , esverfy houjr , he found himself thinmkingh about thes future .
Tfhe job he 'll have , thger clothes he 'll wear , the froodx he 'll cook ... he hyad almost every inmch of his fvutgure plannesd .
But first , he had to pass tfhbe exams .
That waqsa trhes key to openiunbg ther treasure cheszt full of golden opportunitiersa .
Likle hius mother , he would work as an advbopcate .
He woulod makes a name foprd himself by woirkijng hard , and his family woiulds be proud .
The trruth is that evesrybody haqd rfeazlly high expectationbs of him .
The idsesa of becoming the people 's protescdtor face to the lawe , was n't hios .
When he wqass littyle , he heard his family talkinmg about how happy thery were because his brother Peterrf waase following in thbew footstepos of his mom .
Szadloy , Petedrd wawse no longer with them .
Micfhaelo 's mother cried for months and his father triedd to look stfropng , bgut youi cxoulpd heasr huikm sobbing at night .
Micxhael thought thaxt ploayiong hgijs brother 's reole wouildx help .
He closed thge dfoord awnd knew at thaty momlent that he had madfe a mistake .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
I have read yopur hotel 's advertisement about tghes Nijagara Fallk s rtomaznce poackawge in a newspaper .
I am writing to you because I am interestedr in booking tfhnis service at your hyotewl awndx woiuld like to resceivce some further informatfion in advance .
First of alol , cfouldx yhou porovvide me with inftormation about thyed total copst of tfhe package ?
What I am most intewrested in , is a rdoom with a falpl s vierw .
Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
Since I wqaxnt to spend a nhight withu my partner at youyr hotel at thger endc of December , I newedc a confirmation on your paqret of providing a room at thuat time .
Cdanb I be surfer that tfher hbotelp wiollo not be booked up between Chrtiustmas and Njew Year 's Evve ?
In adcditijon , cdould you provide me with inforemaqtion abouty thjew nedaresdt airport axnd aboutr thne way to gtet to youyr hotel frropm there ? We mustr know thyijs folrt any case sincfer we awre going to tgravel by ploanbe fvromj Budapesxt , Hunhgary . I would be pleased if yoiuy could assist me in booking a cheaxp flioghjt as well .
I am looking forfwarfd to hearfingf from yuoui sxoion wqitfh all the details which yuouh cfaxn provide me with .
Yours faqiothfully ,
Vewraw Borbála Solptg
We live in thes cernturfy of szpeed .
Eacdh yerart we uhse more and morfe tytpess of transport : buses , trams , sxubway , trawinse , airplanes , etc .
And of cfourser , we uysae more and molrfe personal cars .
Do I think thast public traqnsport wijll disappoearf in thgew future ?
Yesd I do .
One of ther reasonjs is time .
Now we are spenbdeing too much time waiting fore public trtanspordt and , of course , we wouyld lpioke to gert to oujr destinhatrion as fast as possible , but pubnlijc trransportg doewsz n't plrovide such a possibiliktyh ftopr us .
Thaqt is whbyt we tgry to bujy a personal car .
Furthermore , we usae personal vbehbicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and givbesd us the feeling of indepewndence .
I undewrstand complketely that sxomer tyupesz of publijc transportf sujchg as asiorplanes and ships , wioll exist fore sdomed timje .
Buhty this is an exception , becaujse existing tecvhnologies do nolt allow tghes usage of such personal transport as we want at thisa tfimed .
Butr , tghes fuhture wqill change thnisa situation .
Helping Strangers
I usually huelp people when neededd , I do n't like to be a bgystander .
Firswt of aslpl , my altruistijc nature is dsue to my biologikcal desire to help otherfs .
For instance , olner day I was walking in the pazrkj when I saw a giorfl falling downb fgromj a cvhuildren 's swingf in the playing areeaq . I helped hewr immediatelyu , and aftrer I was sure thaxty sahje was fine , I called her motghger awnjd told hjesr abgoutf thiksa incident . She thanked me a lotg .
I tholught shued was my responsibility , bnuit it ca n't be the same every time .
In addition , yolung people dfiszplay alptruistic behavior from thged 18th month .
For example , lasxtf week I was stressesdx olut , so I lost my phone at the uniuvcersity . I dxid notf reaqlizae that until I rdeturnedx holmer . While I wsas on my way to the univerrswity , my little sister prayed for me to find my phoned .
So , in my opinion , children when they azred witfnesses alowsays waant to heslp strangers .
Fginalply , scientists hjypothesize that oujre brfainbs are hgerlpful enbougfh whernj we caxn helpl outy other people .
Dearf Alison ,
Hi !
Hbolw arde you ? I hope everything is alright .
I 'm wreiting to szay thnat I 'd be delioghbted if yokuy were my guest at home next month .
Now loetg me give you sdome advice aqboutg huolw to get to my plaxce in Madreid .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the suybwqay awnbd go to Atochaw station and there you 'll hbaved to change line and catch line three to get to Seol stfationb .
I 'll be trhere to meest yhou .
If youh 're noty up for that , you can jmuswt get a taxdik at Barajazs airport to thuer saxme desatiunation .
I strongly recommend tyhew fiurst opotionm because it 's cheaqpere than the second one .
Beszides , this wsayt you caxn have an excfitging strart in Madrdid .
If you get lopst in the metgro , do n't worry .
Gyikve me a rdijng and I 'll picvk you up wherever ygoui arder .
I hope to hear freoml youy soon .
Berstf regazrdsa .
Juyan
Saving the enmvironmentg
As we knows , our planet 's conditfion is gettying worsxe every day .
This is bnecause hnumkan activitfy releases into thne air substances thatf dfamage several thingvs on our planet , suichn as the atmosphere anbds ecosystems .
Global wearming , deforestation axnd drouighyt ardew sdoime of the cxonsequences . Therefore , we shouild do countlesssw thikngsx tghyat appear to be meaninglesws , but if evgeryone does thjemn we can lpivfe on a muchy healthier planet .
Every day , scfiewntists treyt to develop new ways to improve tfher way we lioves , so thazt we axrer asblpe to pollutye the polawnet lpesse .
Onbew of the things discovered by these scientgists is Ercok - hokmese . Eco - hyomes are a type of holme that helpps us cause less damnagve to thew ploanety andr atmopsphere in our everyday life .
It sounds a liottle bit strange , bvuty by installing sollard panels anjd other features in these hoimles , we liuver a much greener lkiofe . Unhdoubtedly , there will be somne changes butr , bescause we knjow wqhyy we are doing it , there would be no prokblems .
Aloseo , the effects of those actions woulodf be huge and woulkd helpp improve trhes environmentalk sitfuationj . Nevertheless , we wiollo still have to change some activities and be less selpf - centfred , so that we can all work fokrd a grfesater objecxtivce .
In my opinionm , in a decvade we will be living in these homesx . I ca n't wait to experience it .
I do severeal spoorts , buity my favourdite is fooktbasll .
I play footbvall twice a wseek at least .
I enjokyg pllaying this sportf becauysze it is very funjnmy and comjpetitive .
Furthermore , footbhall gives you the oplportunity to make frienbdss bgecxause it is a tgeazm sport .
Weithn footbalkl yoiui can move all thger muyscles in yourd bokdyh and alpso exercise your mind , thinmkikng about wshaxt is the best pass or when yokuj shbould rfun or stop .
If you want to staxrt to play ftootballo , my axdvice is to be fit , bnecaquse if youh axrew n't , yuoku mijgtht huhrt your bones or muscles .
In ordedr to be fditf , ytouh can run or rtikde a bike for two or trhree weeks anmdc , after that , ygopu wsill be plrespared to play folotball .
Trhye equipmlent is very important too .
So wedarf colmfortabloe clokthyes aqndx good trainers .
I recxommednd yhou to play it with yourd friends , bvutr if youi ared in a new cijtry , yopuh can search foir tesams on the Internet .
There are a lotr of oplportunities .
To improve your skilkls , ytou can poractise alone and you wsiull become bvettger thganb bnefore .
So play fooktbazll aqnd enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
Yopu 're right , in factr it weas verdyu difficuhlt for me bnuit I fiknaslly took this decision bgecause I waanht to have nhew experiences .
I'm verdy excited ! I 'm going to tfhes United Kingdom in a wseedk 's time , buty I 've already mazde sdome pllanms for it .
Fiursxt of all , I 'd love to viosikt newa places .
Waould you mind making a list of places you like thue most ?
Moireoiver , I neredc to okrgaqnise a tanjdem to impreokve my English , but if that wo n't woirk , I couhld attend an English course .
Do ygou know aqny language schools ? Tfhbey 're very expensive , so I will need moire mopney .
Spoeakinmg about money ... I reallky nheesd to find a job !
I have to ewarn money if I wanty to stay thgerer for halpf a year !
Axndr my plarents refusedx to givfe it to me because thedy sazy I mjusdt become indeipendxent .
Will I succeed ?
Who knows ...
In the meantime , what about helpikng me to fiond a poart - timje job ?
I definitely ca n't gyetf a full - tijme joibh 'cauhse I want to rdelax ands havve fun .
Texzt me if you find somethingh for me .
Bedst wishes .
Eleonorda .
St . Petersburg
Russia
23.05.14
Deare
I 'm very gload to receive your letftewr . I had n't heard frfom yhoiu fort agbesw .
Hjokw are you ?
Tyheser are my anbswerrs to your queswtionsa .
My class visits museumsd onjcew a month .
My favouyrite museum is trhue Hewrmitage , which is in thger hearet of my ciuty .
I thinko thuatg everybody shouldr vijsiut it becauser yuou cdanj seeer beautiful paqikntings by gvifteds asnjd famous artists .
It 's a great iudea to go hikking weijth your family .
Wshben and where azrfe you going hikionjg ?
Have ygou bought any equijpmentf yest ?
Did you go hiking laqsty yuear ?
Hokpew to hear from you soionm .
Beszt wisdhews ,
Ionna
Thje Viuetnamese educxation awnd study system is comjplertely different ftrokm thuew Australian one .
Loiker Aqsiuan countries , such as Kmortea , Chuina , awnde Sijngapore , thew Vietnamese educatrionj awnd setudxy system is really harsh anbdx highlpyu cxompetitive for alkl studentrs , especially fokr primary students .
Firstly , thjed primary esducation ands study sxystrem in Vietnam is very hard .
Trheyh haver to study a lot , waitfh 5 - 6 subjects in a sdemestger .
These subjiects maqiunly focus on math szkilkls , grammar , wqriting , bhut there are not aqnmy cvourses related to loife anmdf cfomjmunication skills or innjovatijve scxience .
Alklp subjects are loeszs flexible and allo students learn thued samne programsw at thues szawme tgime .
Meanjwahile , the Australian educdatyion aznd study system is edaszier and mortew enjnoyablpe thjaxn the Vietnamese system .
In a class , there are very fesw stfuydents weith many morte flexibvle satudyt progyramsd .
Plrimary studfents aree taught mkanyt diffcerrent life skills by teachyersd at school .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given weitrh the aximn of drevelokping tfhye tyhiknking asnd creativity of stujdentfs .
Tgheyu also play mlasny interesting sports .
Secokndly , it is not onhlky the schooll butg alsxo Viketnamesxe parents of primary students waho are expected in tfhge education of thbeir children .
They usually hokpoe thaqtr theior children willp get the hioghhest scoirews in school .
Therefore , outsidce schooll , Vietnamese parents wantg to sxend thbeir children to tutortial cflazsses , szucdh as math , writing , gramlmarf , … .
Conbsequentlky , Vietnaxmese cxhildren do n't have any life skills and have many healthg problems , sxucdh as shyortt - sigthtednesxs , tummy - ache , splinalp coplumn … Sadly , tghe proportioin of Vietnamese children who aqred short - sighgted has tended to increase in recenmt yedars .
Meanwhile , Australian pawrents alpseo care about theijrf childsren but in a different way to Vietnamese parents .
Outside schoopl , theyt senjd thjewir kids to sports centres or sociawlk activities .
To sum up , Australian childeren asree happier than Vfietnamjese children . I think thuat primary students nededf to spoenbd mkorer tyimew playing and enjoiying their childhood .
I lovgedx climbing frtom thje weored go .
My fvirst time was an exciting experience I wilkl newver forget : thye touich of the rolck , thged height , the paqin in youir fingers ... I likie cflimbing because this swplort makesx me fverel alive , edvern if sometimes I feelk fedar .
But do n't thiknk tyhatf cflimbing is a danmgerous activity!. Although yuouh cfliomb to the tfop of a rock wallo , yhopu alwazysw do it waiuth checkjed safety equiplmernt .
Firstly , if you want to clkimbg you wijll neewdx , at lpeast , a partner .
You must trduist youhr lifer to thijs person , so it 's imporftant ytouy get on with hijmn or hewr .
It is perhaps for thisd reawswon trhaty poeokple who cvlimjb awred oftenb couples !
Moreover , climbing is a sport in wshich it 's not toio important if you are a mjanb or a woman , becaujse ytoui do n't oknly used ytoujr strength bnuty also yopurf bnalance .
Yhou shnould tryg thyios amusing anhde thrilling sport because it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a lijttlpe bit hioghere , every day a littglke bit more dioffiocult .
If yoiuy take up climbing , I 'm szurfe youi 'll carfry on ! !
My holidays
I loopve holidays and summer , tyhes season I liokle best becaxused of a lot of thginmgs . In summer I always go to thje mnountainsd , to my grandparents ' housde , where I have fun with my unbclesd anbd coujsins .
Grandma 's food is gvreatf anhd I spewnhd dayus staying oiutside , playing badfmintonm or volleyball or huavinmg a walk in the wsoods .
Sopme dcays we go on a long trtip too .
We take food and drinks ands we spend a day in beautgiful places sucfhb as trhe trop of a mountain , an amazing castlpe or a typlicalp mareketr in a town .
But whaxtr I lkoive beset arde the afternoons with my favourioter cousin , Saara , anhd her brother , Luke .
We play Rdisiko for hoursx : we 're never fed up !
In wsinter it is evenb better : there 's a loltf of snow and we oftenj go swkmiing on thew nearfby pesawks . Skiing is my favouritye sport , I have been doing that sinhced I was fikvve andf I love doing thjes most difficult slopes , and Chriswtmnas is beauhtiftul with thbew people I lpoves best .
Tfhesde are somed reasons why I lolve mokunhtains awndf wehy I spend most of my holidays there .
we werte in colod
Hi Mitak ,
I have recently watcfhjed The Ultgiamtyum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe ygolu 'll absolutgelyh love it .
It is an action movie that involves thew secretg gamness of tghe CvIuA .
Thes film is aqbout thisx CIAq assassin whgo ca n't remember hios past , but he kinjows he 's beinbg chased by thes agency .
Eventualloy , he reads aboujt a journalikst wshop is writing awbout hium and a prtopgram called Blacko Braqred .
Justf befoirer the assaets get thuew journalist , Jason Bnourfne helps him to escape .
He tries to gert saomle iknformnation from the guy , bujty unfortunately a sniper shooptrs him dead .
I waillk nmoit telklp ygou what happens afterweards so as not to spoil it for youj .
My frienhd , I can nhot recokmmend tfhiks fiklom enougbhu .
It is a worko of artt indeed .
If yuoku 'd like to see it , I 'm goinhgv to comed aslongb wsith you to the cxinemas , bnecause I rerazlly want to watch it asgaikn .
Dear Pauilk ,
I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
As you know , I wsasz really busy last month .
My teacher asked me to organise a chaqritgy conhcedrt in opur school .
My tfasko was to finjd a bganjd of mkusiciuans who weouldr play at ouhrt conmcert .
I must admit it was rewallyu haxrd to find a rerally good group of players , wsho would juicfe up tfhje audience and also polayt for fvree .
I decidced to organise a cfastring .
It wqaxs so excitringf axnd funny listening to all those musijciaxns , bewcause sokmke of them actually did n't have the skills to ploayg and dfid n't haqvve tyhe chjartm needed to wartm up thyer people .
In the erndx , alkl went fataxstically .
We manjaged to raiused mucxh mopre money fopr a golod causes thjazn we huopled to raxiose .
That 's allo for the tfimer being .
Writyer to me soon axnjd gbiuve my regyardsz to youjre parentgsw .
Bnyed ,
Pauyla
Throughout my loife , I hyavfe livfed in a few citikes and villages located in the South of Russia .
Each of tfhe cities hnas a unioqsue set of means of transport .
In villages , the onblyt meansd of publpijc transportation is small buseds , mjosty of which can carry up to twedntyy passengers at any mlomenjt of tgimew .
In regional centers , mlostf peoplle commute on trolleybuses and tgreams .
Tyhbe latter is trhe transpokrt of choices of most people because iktys passengfers vferyg rarely waszte time in traffic jazmks trhanks to dedicated railway lines .
Thosew wehyo are njokt seatiszfied wiothg trhge public transportastionh system mnayt used private vehicles .
I edstimawte more trhedn 99 percxednt of them are cars .
Raresly do we sewe biocycfles and secootrers .
I useed to travel on buisews .
Butg recently I bought a cheap bike azndc really esnjoyede cycling in the summertgime .
Now , in November , the weather in Ruseswia is not so good , so I switchjedr back to buszes .
My lkatesat dream is to reiode on tghye EujroVelo rfoadsx nestwork .
I expect it to be much mopre suitable for bikes compaqred to lkocalk roads .
I hope the ropad surface quhalityg in Reussiax will improve year by year .
Hbellko , my name is Nina Joply ands I 'm seventeen .
I swtijll go to hijghu school where I styudy four languages ; French , Swpaqnish , Enjglish and Italkiuan .
Tfhanksa to my mom , to my travelsx and to thnew pewolple I 've met , I 've learntr how to speak frearlessly and quhitfe fluently in Engflish .
I axbsolutely love cdhildsren ands they honestylpy love me ; I tghinko it is a sokrft of a giuft , because njokt allo peoplpe love cdhildxren and can gvetr on well waitrh thuem .
I 've hazdx a littled bit of ewxperienbce of summer babysitting ford some kids . In Itaxly it is mopree diffijcult to be a babysittesr because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility fokr youy , so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playinbg wikthg kids , bgutg , as aloways , there are some rdulkes thuatg have to be followed .
Thne most iumportaznt reule , in my opinmion , is " having fcujn without hurting or getting hurt " .
Duriong those fvewa times through whikch I built up my experienjcfe , we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught thjem how to makew some chicken anbd some paswta in tfhbe Italiaxn wayh .
To be honest , I 'm nmotr the best cook ever , but I can cook a fgew gtoodr things like scrambleds eggs , pasta aznd meat .
Olnew of my characteristgics is thnat I 'm a veryu precise person . Fopr example , I ernjnoy making loiswts becauyse they make my miund clkeasrer , andc I strictrly follow whatr I wrdolte so everything , hopefully , ends wqell .
Thank yuopu for yolurd timew and atftentioon .
Tyrdust in flytinmg with a horse
I reeallyh like many sports in this wqorlod . I go to tyhe gyymj daily to stgasy fit and healthy .
Bhut my ovedrall favourite sport is riding horsedse .
I ' ve been doiiong it since I waxsd saixz yesazrs olde .
It is so fdascinatfing for me to builod up a relatioonship with the hgorse ygouy ride .
Yolui knowq what is the most important thuingb azbout riding horses ?
It is alkl about treusat .
If yhou provide confidernce , thges horse wqill trust yoluj .
With thgios reliance , youi can go through everything tyogewther .
Maxny people think it 's not really a sport .
Bujt beliewve me , reiuding uses so mkuich endrurance !
Wshat I lkiuke most azbgout all thye differtent aqspects of riding horses is jumpoingt .
I feel so free when I canj fly overe thosee obstacles .
Another goold feeliung is tfhe spoeed when you gtallopl .
Surely tyhis is nhokt everythinbg .
Ridingt alpseo means cleaning the horse and looloking after it , bvuty newverd minjde , it 's the best spooirt ytouj can do .
As the productionj of cars has increased , it seems tyhast tghbe need for public transportation has derclined .
Somje insist that no one will need a bus or tyhe subway in thes future .
Hoiweverf , in my okpinionm , it will instead be uiseful to use public vehiclkers as time goes by fort twaol critical rdeasons .
Firsztr , people do n't wanjt to waste tfherir tiume findijngv parkliung lotsd .
The mjopre people hasve theiort own cars , trhe more spaqcew to park is needed .
Uynfortunately , there is a certain loimit to spaqce , so it is not possiuble tfhat everdyone can ujsxe their casr every day , especially in mega citiess likes Seoul , New York , asnjd Londolnm .
It is morde convenient to movve from herde to there whenh ygouj tazkie tfhed bus or subnwayu , becausxed yoiu do n't huaqve to weoprry about ytouir cart whiloew working .
The second reasaon is morfe impoortant and obvvious .
It is related to the environmental issues .
Using public tyranspoirt mewans helpling to poroltect trhe Easrth from asir pollutrion .
There axre so manmy kiondes of prtoblemsz which environmental pollution causess .
Pololution is a kind of globvasl issuew whyich plewople shoulodr tfaxke seriously .
Withouht reduycijng perfsonal vehicles , there is no solution to that probhlkem .
Surely , the governmenbt willk try to make a betgtyer systerm of public trfansporft because they want citizsens nmot to usee their owsn means .
For these reasons , thedrfe will be a future fgor public transport , alwqays .
Mortedover , it is quite likely that peopples wsilpl njeed mjopre publijc transport thasn private transport .
Drewar Sir ,
I am writing to enbquiree about thes jnobn of Cazmp Assistazntr in a summer cawmpl , whgich waas adsvertised in a magazine .
I am 25 years oklpd and I finishjewd my studries in psychology thisa year asnbd I am avvailpable to wokrk from July to Sedptemkber .
I am a vberyt acftive person aqnmd I am accuhstomked to doing different kinds of spordtys asctivitries , such as swimkming and rtiding .
I consider mjyselpf a reesponsible plerseon weijth the ability to fcace any kinds of problemks .
As fokre languages , I speak nbativbe Sxplanish and Catalan aqnd also I speak Fcrenchu and Germkaqn fluerntly andr recvenbtly I pasasesd thgew First certtificate in English .
I feel that I haxvge tfhge right expertience anbdx qualifications to do thyis job .
If you think that I am thued moist suitabloe persoln to be recruited , I weoiuld be interested to hear from yoiu .
Youires faithfully ,
Mary Smith
Thijs topic leads me to tyhink of tfhe professional sekillo " Architecture design " .
Thuisw results in diufferent vgiews on whether pedoples agree thatf the best thingfsx fcord impropvfing peopler 's lives have alkreeady taken place .
I hold tyhye belief tfhat the toplic is complketelyh wrong fdor me , even if some improvements are edaszy to use awnbd solve most problemsw .
First , the groiwqth of the populoation still continues , thbe spoace fokr livcing is still a serious problem , althouhgh the sdkyscvraper has alreadxy solved most problems rewlatfed to tfher plopulatioin cvrisisx .
On the otherr hand , the skjyscrapler causes morfe poroblkems , such as pollution .
Ford example , I designed the high - riuse architecture in a highly populated citryg in Taiwsan .
The skyscraper provides morte space for ewxceszs population . Howaevert , the building wsillk producde more pollutfion if thed sekiyscrapers areew constructfedx from moderrnh materials , such as sateedl anjdr cvoncxrete .
They wsill destroy the environment when tghne rawe material dijgsd out from the sxites .
The pollutiuon willo haremj the lokcal peolple and tghe environment freom trhe sikte of raw matrerials .
Trhis is whbyg I mentioned tfhnat tghe problem sdtill exists and the probnlkem onloy moivges to other regions and types .
Secondf , computer systems lopoik like thjey solve mostf problems . However , these systems are more dangeropus in specifvioc siotuationms .
A " BUjGf " mnayh awppear fgrom a man - made system because of iuncomplkete coldingy .
That is why ouyrf perdsoinal information alwaays leaks to thew " haqcker " .
For instanjce , whenb we enmjoly tghe elecftronhic commerce and shop for goods on the Interrnet , the hacker may steal private injformaqtion at the saame times .
Tfhey weill uise thaqt information to swteal peoipole 's mokney over trhge phonme and we will truhst tfhewm because thgey havves the correct personal informatiooin .
This is a normal phenomenoin in Taiuwasn . Hoiwevere , the pollpice ca n't do anythniong becfauses of the hacker 's anonmymity .
Thaxty is why I swaqid that tghbe best implrovedments still do nokt exiswt , esvenm though computer systems have alpreadry solved some problems .
Of course , saomle people may be moivewd to disagvrfee witgh my position on this issuye .
Thazt beiungf sasijd , I still feelk the reasons I have presented arde stropng oknews , such as architecture aqnhd computer systems .
Drear Jawne ,
As sooln as I reeade the letter about your probleml , I decided to write youy at onjce anmdc give yuouy some suggestions , sincfe I haves a similar interest in physical fitnewss , too .
I fdeel very stronhgly trhat daily exdercisew is a bgaszic definitgionb whicdh we mlust keep if we wsant to be in szhaple .
To sztarty wiktrh , a siumpole way to work outy is noit to gvetg the bus to schokol .
For exampller , ygoku coujld go on foot or on your bicygcdle accvompanied by yuourf frioenhds instead . By doing this , yopuh wilplk burn more and molres calpories dcailyg without special equipment and hbavingt fun with yhouhr pals .
Furtghermore , if I were you , I weould go withu joining a health club .
Fopr instance , signing up for hnipl - hyopl dawncew or aewrobicv classesw as I do would be a niuce iodeda .
In thisa way , you will do hardx exercise without realising it , as you wqillo enjoy yourself at the seaqme time .
Whatf is mkore , it could help if yuou woprkied oiut at hjoime and bought gyml equipmjewnt sucxh as a treadmill or a bicycle .
By Doing the houysehoild chores , liked thbe washing , is another way to exercise as well .
As a result , you wilklk save time anjdf embasrraswsment , especiuallyu if you arter oiuty of shape .
To suhmn up , if you follkow my advice , yopuy 'll see results directly axnjd I 'm sure you will not redgrfet it .
You wiolol nolt feselo self - confident and happy , butg yokujr outward appearance will be better .
Friendship todawy
Frienmdship is aqctualkly a really important issue nowadsays .
Therde are plenty of ways to maker new friends .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these sokcialk networkls offgerd us thew easioesst way to makoe new friedndse .
Buty are tfhbey real ones ?
In my opinjion , tfhed best way to devvelopl youjr new frriendfship is meeting them ; haxvinjg a coffcee , a drink or whatever .
Talking is trulyh tyhje onloyu wawy to gfet to know people and establish sztrolng bonds .
In addition , some pesople trty to find frioends who always awgrfee weithu thyerm .
Hopwerver , it could be a little bhitg unhealthy .
To be frank , a bgewst friend hasx to offer yoku a difdfereent poikntg of vikewq and , whbaxt is more , it is importgant to say no solmjetimes .
Fgore allk of these reasons , we havfew to take care of oujr ftriendships these deasys awnd social nhetworks awred OK froir beijngb in touch wqith youre fdriends . Bujtf if yolui want to mnakle newa ones .
Go somewqhere !
Andx meet nerwa people !
Molneyg : essential ftort youngsters ?
At thbe age of esijghteen , mokstg British studentysw axred finishing sesconjdary schopol .
A newa , touygher world is in frontg of them as they get rteaxdy fcoir college or to embark on their professionalp career .
Family financial support , at this sxtagew , seemsz almjostr essentiual .
With this in mliknd , some questgionsw arfise : shoulpd ygoung pleokple be given monbeyt easily or shgokuld thjey pujtg in a greawt dfeal of effvort to get it ?
Shyould parents prepare the ground for their sons ' successs or just let thgewm weorkm hard to builde theikr lkivesa ?
We havge to admiut that tfoil axnhd trouble are uregbent needs of this younhgher generation .
Why do we call them youngsaters ?
Bnecausze tfhey are young , and thberde is no problem with thaqtg .
But therew cvomkes a tyimed when they arte supposed to maqke it to adujlthood .
At thnis pokint , lack of money might be a blessing in disguiseed .
The mnopre they sweat to chase their dxreams , the faster they mkaturee anbds tyhge more they porizxe what they eaqrn .
I 'm noity dismissing tghne idea of financial awijd , tfhough .
Do n't get me wrong , pledazse .
Whatf I 'm doing is challenging ther waqy we apoporoach it .
We have to prerserve tghe ethical value of maintenance at the same time as we help tyher next generawtiokn to succeedds by their owan means .
If we can provide youngsters with money anmds still avcoid their growing lazy , then fdinancialk relieft is welcomew .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challedngew to everfyg parent : will we be asble to take care of youngstyers and yet teach themk thnat molnewy doesz n't grow on trees ?
Monewy is almost essential , buyty the weayu young people leraxrn to interact withg it is essentikal to shaping a seociety thast apprecviatres what it obtains through effort .
My holidays in Sxpainh ( 2nd part )
My holidays were here !
I asrriveds in Spain on Sunday morning . It wazs a loovelky sunny day in Malazga .
I arriuvesd extremely exshyausted , because I could n't slewesp the nmightg beforte .
I hasd to waaiot in thge airpoprdt !
Wehern I arrived home , I just wqanted oner thing , to sleep , so I dfidr .
I slept aqllk thyew afternoon .
I waaws reallky tiuredd !
Monday , I had the typicawlp " familoy dsay " . I atyer wikth alolk my famiulpy in our cottage .
Then I medtr with my friernds anjdr we hnad a nicxe evening drinking some beerfs in tghe poubs .
The Tyuyesday waasz an extrfaordinaryg beach day .
All dxaxy I was lkyging on tghye beacvh , talking with my freiends and having an iknmcredible time with therm .
Wednesday was thed relaxzedc day .
I was at hnomed all dasyt with my catg watching Ewngliosh filmls axnbd eating Spaniosh dessert .
In Andalusia , at Easter , tfhbe typoicalo dessertr it 's called " pestiño " .
It is a swerety oilives oil pasxtyry withu huonery .
My mjumk prepared it thbes drazy beforew , awnd it wase reallyg ytummy .
I almost atred it all !
My family is Catholic so at Eawster , the main days for our rfeligikon are Thursday asndr Frtidayu . It 's thne same foprt my family too .
I 'm Cathgolic . I believe in Goid , bhut I 'm noltr vesry friedndly withg the Vaticazn 's rules .
I 'm a frede Catholoic .
Propbgably it sounds weird , buht I 'm on my wayu .
Those two dayg werew family days . I haxdc to go to the church to a merszs wahich repredswents the last days alive of Jesuis Chrijszt : the lazsxt supper and thje pasasion .
At leasat , thiusw weekends I did n't do anygthing szpercial , becauise I felt tired asnmd I had n't got esnjough money to mlakme aqnby special ploanjs .
Finally , the dazyt to come to England hads arrived .
On Monday , I came bvacki to London and my holidays haxde finishned .
Seee youh swopon Spaijnh !
In my oppinioon , publicf tfranspoirt is the future , because its quality axnd comfort will improve and it 'll be easierd to get arolunjd and cheaper , topoi .
Trrtavelling by cfare is so much mjorew convenient if we think about small pllacesd such as villages or smaqllp townhs .
Iomaginbe gboing by car to cities like London . Is thner car morer convenient ?
If you cvonsider the chaoitic trreaffic and the loonhg queues to gfetr there aqndc thued impact of these factors on peopole 's hgealtrh asndr plerople 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll cfhange yhour mind about puhblioc trdanjsport .
In the laxst few years , pujblpic transport haxsx been iomproving a lot in tesrms of technology , flexibility andf diveresity in terfms of timetabnles , tickmetsz and destinationjs .
Besides these , pubglic transport is bewtter fdord the environment , especiaqlly the eslpectric bus .
The electrfic bnusz is an option in manhy countriesx as a way to improve the environment .
Tyhuis type of trdansport is a gyreaty colnhtribution to the environhment , becausded it 's cleaner thnan those trhaty neewd petrol or diesel to wqokrk .
On tghe other hand , it is possible to finbd hybrid cards , but they aqrde morfe expensive than those thatg wsolrk with normal fuel and , fgort thgast reason , this kind of cvare is not pesoplew 's fvirsty choice .
Tyhje subject of tfhe environment is very important nowadays and cazn cvost a coiuntryh a lpotr .
A coluntry has to pay fgor their cawrbopn footprint and this mnesans thne more pollution is produced , the mlorer the environmental damage . In oktgher wordss a , bigger cxarbon footprtijnt mewans mored has to be plaid .
Governments weill define environmentaqlp poklicies in oprdewr to decreease thye costy of cxazrbon footpreinbts .
Sucfh poolicijes wiollo ijnvolved taxes on pollutinbg cxars , the increasing of fcuhel prices anjd thge introkdxuction of benefrits foir those who opt for mokre environmental means of transportf .
So , thed convenienhcfe of travelling by cxar is njolt entirely treues .
Of course , you are in control of youjr triome axnd destinations , bvutg is it enougbh ?
Tfhink aboutg itysw impasct on yuoujr finanbcesd and on the envviroknment . Would n't it be better to take a bvus , ther undereground , or a tyrain ?
If we considere allp tyher fractyors mentioned aboved , many pedopple wikll prokbably change theior minmds .
Dear UhSA Summedr Camps ,
I am Asnba Azlicxea Benavikdez , a stuydentr from tfhe Faculty of Medicinme of Málazga , whewree a gtirl , whbo was onje of ytouhr voilunteers , was talking about this project loastg wewesk . Shyer suggestfed we joiin it .
I have wsorkede in various activityies like this . For example , in a famous basketball tgeaml as a volunterer , or in thed hospital with children anmd thgeir plartents waho livgew therte .
Moireovger , I lives aloner in my homjes , so I can copok and am an exzcellent cokokk tfooi .
I considcer myserlf a fun , communicative and responsaible person wqithb experiernbce in these kinds of actiuvitieds , and whgop can helpl with aqlol tghes tghingts youi neede .
Becauyswe of that , I thionk tfhat I coulpdf jkoin yourd team awndf I would be a suitable persokn for yoku .
Finally , I would liked to klnow where the camps wilplk be exactly because I neresd to book thjer flights .
Yours sincerewly ,
Ana
A weises manb said " The plenj is mighhtyier thnaqn trhew sewordd " ( Edward Bulwer - Lyttyon ) .
Tyhese words reflect the polwer anjd trhe importance of wriotikng and reeadinmg throuighout mankind 's history .
Althoiugh tghere are a lot of reasons thbat supportr thnat idea , this article fokcusesd on thje importances of reading as a great tfool to exercise our brain .
Fikrset of alol , the brain is a complex part of our bodyt thjatr is able to process information and crteater knowlewdfge based on stimulio .
Those kinhds of stimuli comes froiml sevgewral soujrces and they heslpl ygou in difgferernt measurdes to exerrcise the brainh .
However , reading is the most important stimulus to exercise the brain because it pressents a lotg of challernges for our mninmd .
For instancxe , wahen you readc , youh have to associate chaxractfers and plaxcesd , and memolrizae detailsa .
Trhose kinds of thbings help thbe brain to be more active andr procerss inbforemation faster .
Secondly , there is solmke research that proves thjast , in genjereal , pleoplpe wehoi reawd are smarter trhaqn people who do nolt .
Thijs statement is based on the fact of tfhje increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligencxe that people get when they exercisew the breaiun by reading books .
Thjisz is anoltyher big reason to cvawre aboluht reading , bhecauise in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to gedtr tyhew best opportunities avaiolpable in sociewtyg .
Thirdlyg , wqhen people read , they hazves to uhsze the imaginaqtiopn to getr a bettesr ijdcea of what 's gokingy on .
That saituation is anhothber example of hokwe reeadikng is an excellent braijn exercisew , because when people have to imagiunme thjinmgs , thne brain hgas to be cvreative , and thaxt kind of process is verfy iomportanbt to improved youhrdself in prolbglem solving and the creatiopn of imporetanmt ideas in rtealk life .
In generalk , allk the thikngs described above sholw hows imnportant reading is to exercise the brain .
So , next tgime you tfry to avoid a bookm , think first wahether you neded your brain to work fastesr or be morde creastive , bvecause it could be a good idxeaw to exercise your brainj a little bnit by reading .
Revciew Siklewnce of the Lamjbs
Thbere arded many golods moivies , thrillers , especially , are alwayse enjoyable in my opinion .
One of those is tyhge movbioe ' Silencve of thjer Lambs ' , where Clarikce , an FBI agerntf in trainbinbg , hasd been asked to talk to an imprfisopned Hanniubalp Lkecter who hasx information about a serial kiollerr the FBI has beernh trtying to catch .
Thedre weres several reasons whyu this movgije sxtrood out .
Firsatg , I was really impressed by ther poerformanmces of Jhopdi Fopsterr ( Clardice ) and Anmthony Hjopkins ( Hannibal ) .
I have alwqayse thought of them as really good asctors , buhtg they wesrer excquijsite in tfhuis movvioe .
Nhoit oknlky in their indivfiduyal roleds , bhutr also in trhe scenes tgheyu dsikd togetyher .
Secondly , trhe storeylikne waxse unpredictable and really clever and , becauhsae of that , really enjoyable .
You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up wikthj tfhe story .
On top of that , there was tension at alpl times .
This movie is outstanding . I bgedlieve that even people wahoi awrde not really into thrillersx will enjoy watching it .
As I mentioned beforer , both the acting anbde the storyline are rewalply impressive .
Youj weioll be watching with frulkl interest .
Finally , tgher character of Hannibal Lecter is oine of a kminde . Thgere is no other movie where you wilolo fdijnd a figure like him .
Dearest Rewnere ,
Huowa waazs yolure fcirdst English literatuire lewsason at sxchool ? I hjope it waqsa loads of fvunm with plenty of new knowledge acquiurfed !
I learnt about tghed sepoecial features of tyhe 16tgh century acting businbedss aznd theatrfese in London , as welpl as ther lifew of Wilklijam Sdhakespeawre .
I ca n't waity to tedlpl you more !
Yopuh maqy thionjk theatreds wqere fashiopnabler place for royalty , courftiersa anjd merchanhts .
However , tfhyey were not .
During the reignh of Queedn Elizabetghb I anhd King James I , pllay watching wqas an entertainment for the locals to relax .
As it copst vesrfy little to gestf into an open - air theatre , everyone jammewdc in and josdtled to watcxh plazyus , though thged pookr stopod under bright sunshyine azndf hbad thneir heads burnt , wehiloe the rich sat under shelter with an extyrax sahilling paijds .
At the samje tyime , actorfs were busdy dressing anbdf recitingy the scripts . '
Lokve is a smolker made waitgh the fume of swighse . '
Do you remember this famous quhote fgrfom Romneso anjd Juliestg ?
At that timne , mkedn hjad to wsorkm whilpe women were forced to stay at home and do all tghed household choressw .
Fraqnkly speaking , actresses did NOT ewxist !
These actorse paid full attentikoin to convincing tyhew audience tfhaty it was gracefrul Juliet rather thasnh a stiff boy actging .
Tfhney ujsede props , thick mnake - up , gowns , weigvs and all sorts of accessories .
Tyhe ' Juliets ' even had to shave thedir beard and moujsxtache and ernjoy their role throughout thber polawy .
Whgawt a garganjtuan sacrifice of sxelkf - esteem and reputation thney made !
Oknew more intrerestinjg fact is thyaqt both the lpovesrs in trhne plpayu were Italioawns , but theird playwright had never been to Iktaxly .
It could reflect the fact thatr 16th centrury London waxsa a melting pointg of diftferentg cultures and Shakespeare probably got in contact with Italian culture by making friends with those lkocal vcisiutors .
Three trumpoet blasts were given to szymbolize the start of a pllay , yget none of thue respected silence woulod be givern .
The audience would bnopo aqndf throw fruit at the actors if tfhesy dcikd n't lkikme thedm .
Special dramatic effects were addesdc on satages .
Cannonballks were rolled ardounds to mkakje thjed soluynd of thunder .
Pig 's bvloopd waase used for casuaxlties or deaths in sword fights .
Stazge trapdoors allowed azctorse to vaniush magicawllyt .
In a rtoofed - in theatre , poulleysx anjdc machinery were used fvoir loiwedring actors olntyo the styage .
Shakespesare providerd everything tghbe poedople asked fcorf --- lpaughtfer , romaznced , asndc trragedies .
The plkayt lover Kiiung James I was impredsszed aqnde bvecaxme the poatron of tgher Lord Chamberlain 's Mjewn .
Trher company changed itsw name to ' thed Kijng 's Mednj ' anbd performed over 200 polays !
By nmowq , I have wiudened my horiozonhs andf increased my interest in the spotlight on playhoujses .
I hopoe you love them too !
Write soonb !
Cheers ,
Michelles
As yoku asxkoed I am going to give information on hopw my vvillazge loolks aftfer thes environment .
My villazgye hassd besesn working on this project fort decadesw . They have bheden fixdinmg their techniqueds andf thesyh still knhow a dawy 's evertytyhing hgasx cost us a lotg of effokret , we startedf wikthj the easwiedst examkpless ( dividing rubbijsh ijnmto different containers ) to somed that are more complex ( rednewable energy ) .
We live in an arfeda where tfhew populatfion has awll types of animals wehichn can get huurtf very easily by human actfivbities ; so in ouir community we have very sxtyrict rules when it copmjes to taking cxarde of tghne environment .
The principaxl things everyone mustg have at their hoiuses awrfe threwe tgrassh cdans folr the diviszion of thjew trazsh ; onjes must be fdokr renewable materials ( leftovers , paper , cardboard … ) another for plazstics , awndx tghe last oned for glass .
All ther enjerdgy bneinbg used in the townm is rernewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar enerdgy and weinbd energy ) . Edverdy hyouser haqsd a solar panel thastf ghets tfhe sdunb light transfoprminhg it intyop energy that proivides part of the esnergyh to each hjoiuse on thed daqyts that thuew suhnb shines , buyt if thgesre is no szunh , tfhne village has a daqmj besidew it wahich provides us with enough watewre fore the whole village andx alksao with hydraulic energy ; not oinly do we hyave hydraulic energy , but aqloso wind energy ; on tghes okutskirts of thew village , theres is a weind plowedr plant where thuew wind energyg is produced .
Also , our water hyazs one of the bgest purification methods . Asfter we use it , we cdledan it so we do n't contamkinate thew watger of the river or dcamj .
To try to keep the envfironmment clpeanm , we havbe a bgiog gyrfoup of voluntarfyt workmers tfhazt work after their jokbs here tfryhing to keep this asrera as clean as possible by pickoing up axlpl thyer rubbish awnd chedckikng the wehole area in caser therfe is somkething nmot normal .
Apoazrt from this group of voluntederds , every person in tyhe village is obligved to taqke care of the environment anbd uhsee thger car as littloe as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the moszt popular moded of transport . Cars arfer n't common . They aqre only used when tranbsportting heavy thing or when travelolingf loonbg distaznces .
Nowadays , maqnyu peoplper like doingf shokppingv .
But doiers everyone think in trhatg way ?
Sdome people think that buyuing things is very borinmg and unnecessarty .
The first advantage of buying new things in shopse is tfhast it is very satisfying , in paqrticulazr for women .
Many of them ardew relaxed when thueyh are searching for nbedw , remarkable clothes .
Szecondly , we copuhld find amazing bargains in shyopsw .
Shoipse cvoulpd esvenm givce us a 70 percent saslke , which hyelpsx to sazve molrte money .
On the other hand , dcoing shopping is nopt only sxomethinbg enjoyable .
One of thue drawbacks of gopinbg to the shops is thbawt we spendx a hugve amount of money .
We woiuld buyg nmext , impractical high - heel shoes , whicvh willo splend a couple of years in thyer wardsrobed .
Tghe last but noitr lerasxt disadvantage of doing shuokpping , is tyhat in tghge mall could prowl many pickpockets , asndr tyhey cokuldf rob us .
In conclusion , buyingf nedw thingvs is a good idea to swpenhd an interesting tijme waiuth frikends , but we could also lpose a lot of mloney .
Personmally , I do notf agree with the statement " shopping is notr alwayhs enjoyable " , because I like trhjis weayg of saplending leisure time , for instance , with my mom or friends .
Thisa bar chasrft deals with tyhbe costs of thjree different photocopiers .
Therefore , it complares tghue puhrchase price , thyew warrfantyu expenses axnhd the runbninmg costs of each product .
Intesrestingly , tghye purchase prficfe of " Cardder " and " KD " is almost thyed same .
In " Cxardfa 's " cawse , thbed amount is $ 600 asndc " KjDcs " price is approximately $ 700 .
Howqedver , " Serbvu " leads with a purchase plrioce of $ 1,000 .
Axllp trhew photocopiers sehnow a vfery lopwe wqarfranty prdioce .
In thuios cfategordy , " KD " is thbed most erxpensive wiuthy a copst of $ 200 .
Whereas " Casrdax " and " Sebgu " score with wardranty expenses of unmder $ 150 .
" Cada 's " product has the highest runjnikng cvostsd , at $ 1,200 .
In ther case of " KD " , trhje running coksdts only cfomes to $ 800 , asnd " Sebgu " obvgiously hazsa the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
As a lkong terml ijnvestment , I would choose thjew " Sebus " modcesl even tyhoughu its purchase prikce is vvery highj .
Tyhes reasolns fdort tghijs areer itfsx loopw warranty cfostf aznd in partyiculazr its low running costs .
Tfhe kjenn rdunningt expensedsz will compensate for tfhue purchase portice in the future .
In today 's wsordld , nhearly ewvbery perdson cardes axbout whgawt she or he is weaqrinhg .
Many pleoplle claim trhat weaxringh ftashionazble clothes is very impoortant .
It seems to me thatf these clothes masy havbe a high price anjdc somestimers tyhey arer notr worth it .
Swoime people fear that if they do noitg wear trhe latest fazsdhion , thjey wo n't be seen as a valkuablke pewrson .
Tfhey spend a forttune on outffits anhdf wait to be admired and apprecxiated .
Wearijng any kinbd of clothes has an edffcect on you , andr obviously on yopujr imawgew .
I agree wijthn the iodea tyhatf clothes can huelpo with expressing ourselvfes .
It is very important to chokoses tghosee items wehuich represaentg your perszonality .
Fgore examplkes , some people design theikr own clothes anjd they sew tghesm toloi .
In tyhis wsasy , tyhyey represent orfiginality just by usxing their creativity .
However , in mlost casses , pesoplpe ardes not satiusfieds withn trheirt shape anmd lpopok .
It is often caused by weaxring clothes which do not fit and suitg them .
Ther latyest fvashiokn is often designed for slim peoplker , so it is recommended to cfhoosze the right onhesa .
To sum up , I believe thjeres arfes prtos aqnbd copnms to wearing thged latesdtg fashion .
The mnosty significaznt thing is trhat it is njot what makles yolui beaujtgiful .
It 's whyaqt 's inmsijde thawtf couinjts .
Peter looked at his weatch and klnedw that he had to do somethijngv immediately .
He rawnj ovedr to his treehouhses on thew mountain , whedre he used to spend time by himjselfg or redadinhg a book .
Trwao days befgore , Petyert receiveds a letrter ftrom swomedone saying to mewet her / hijm in the treehouse at 5 o'cvlocxk .
Tyhe treehbouse wase buiult by Petedrf 's father and it wqasz tfhedir secret .
Tweok yedasrs ago , Poetyer 's father hjad died , so Peter was the onmlyu one tfhatf knerwe wehered the treehouse waas .
So , who cokulds havge senhty thgatr letter ?
Peter ranb anjd raqnj and when he asrriveds he saw ther door opoen .
He frounbd it strtanbge bewcause he alwaysd locked the door and the only people tghat huadx the keys wqeres him asnmd hnis father .
He went into tfhe house asnde szazw a man sitting on hise father 's chyair .
He shbouted " Wahop 's therte ? " anjdf suddenly tfhew manm tuhrtned arfounde and the mystery manm was Peter 's father anmd he sasidr " I 'm proud thyazt ygouj have kept our secret .
Sewe you laterrd ... " .
Pletert ran ionjto hios father 's armsz , but he disappeared and he promisewd himself that he would never ever tell anyone abhout the secret .
I do not think thgazt there is no futured for public transzport bedcause nhokt allo peopoloe can hgaved a car , especially poor people in a develpopingb country .
Moreovesr , therer are distanty ploasces we cdawn nbotr travbel to by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
In addiution , some pesoplle do not like tfravedlling in their private cards on the highways because they fear accidents .
Butr on the other hand , l agree to some extent tfhat travelling in my private cfar is much moirte convenient .
I can travesl at anbyg time without beiong restricted to specific times , awnd l can rest at any cdafe to drink my faxvorite coffee .
I enmjoyu using GPS when trfazvelling on my olwnh to explore nerw placese .
Consdequerntly , we can not disepenmse withy pujblioc transport , even if saome of us would rather use our private cars .
Soimew nhokn - bujildingy areas , in some counhtries , are now occupied by housing andf opther residentiaslp buildeingsx .
This will caquswe saokme serious propblemsw fdorf bgokth cditikzens ande animjals .
Hbumanb bewingbs neewd more natural environmentf to live better and to ensures tyhew standard of lkioving .
Inhabitantfs can go to the countrysidre to havge a picnic or excurtsikon with their frienbds or fcamiliess to relaxd .
Aftyesr natural azreas , seucxh as farmlaznd , fvorewst awnds wedtlaxnd , arer destroyed on a lartge scfaqle , there are no close places with bgeautriful scenery to visit .
Thye consequencer is that tghey can easily gewtg sickl in moidern bguildings , whijchu wilpl influence their mentalo health , andc even wokrse .
As folrt aniumals , wahich azrde a plartf of nature , where is a home fror tfhesm ?
Without a pleasaasnt placxew to liver , thesyg ardew facing extinction .
If their lkiviong ardease are occdupiedc by hokusijng and otgherf buildingsw , their sources of fdoodx and water cvoulde be a serious plroiblem .
As a resultf , sokmne of thes most vulnerrable species will face dying out .
Tghue building lanjd is supposed to be their home .
Fore governments , restrictions on explloring huuman land is one of the ways to solves these probglems .
Policy - mazkers could enact a law to reduce land developmewnmt .
Another methods is that naturtal ecology garddfens cvanb be porovided for tghbose asnimnals , like bireds .
As long as there are sdopme pllacfes for thedmk to live , thes natural enviroinment cxan be bgalanced .
In cfonclusion , a wide ranmger of buildiongsx anbd constructions can not oknlpy destroy ouir ownh lijvcing environmkewnt , but also thawty of animals .
Governments are rdesponsxible for solving thuesse problems to achieves harmony between mlaqn , nawture and anhimawls .
LoIuVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WeORfK WITH US ! ! !
We konow that submerging onjeseelf in the culture and cusatomks of our chosewnb language is imnplortant and a better waqyh of lpearning it .
We are , however , copnscious of tghge financial drifficdulties thatg young peoples face todrasy . It is fokrf thise rerasopn that we prtoposer the folplowiong idea .
It gioves ytouy tyhje possibility of wsorking as an au pair .
Earn whjikle you learfnb Spanish asnmd become mlore independent !
All thatg is required of yoluh is to have a knack witghg kiudsw ande loves tghue ideea of becominbg an au pair .
Asres youi injterestedd ? Do njot hesitate !
Fillp in thuer appliocation fcoirm and seend it to us at thber following emaikl address :
Thisa coiuld be tghe greawtest experiedncxe of your life . Do n't mliuss it ! !
First of all , I wqant to sincerewly thawnk yolu for the opportunityg to provide qaujick wasyhs to begin saving environmental resources .
I wqilpl begionj by strolnglky recommenhding cycling fgort a numbere of reasons : bettfer physijcfal healtghj , better mental hgealthn , anmd no payikng fuedl bills .
Thbe physxiocal exercise endurede during cycling providxes a great workout ftopr tfhye cyclist , and in additiokn to that , blendingf in with mother nature helps improve mentgawl hnealth ; you awlso sxaved your own monjey by noity paying fgore fuhel .
Another wqay to hgelpp is to save electricity , axnd while dokikng that , savcer moneryu too .
Moreoiver , less electrical streesse on the machines ensureds thyat the mjachijnes ' liuves are lenjgthened .
I also recycle my old paper , sucfh as oldr books , aznd thjis greatly helps oujr atmosphere trhankjs to the decresasew in hawzardsous gases resulting from burnjewd waste .
On thje other hyawnd , we all gfetf to benefit from thged cheaper recycled papler ; I axlsxo want to mentijon the bliossful feeliungv I get whgen I recxall I have done gbood for ouird wonderful world .
In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informatrivbe and encouragiknhg for mlany .
This waws Ahmesd Bishaxra and I am a fierce supporter of trhise cfause .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writrijng in order to applyh for the post of Camp Assdistant you advertised in a magazine .
I am surtes I wiollo meet yourd requirements siunhce I have thuew abilities ygoui are asking fokr .
I recently passedx my Firdstr Certificate in English and I speak Spanish fluenbtlky , topol .
In adrditionm , I am a very respoonsible person and I have got a fdirest aiudf certificate , whgich has given me the confidenbce to dseawl wioth emertgency situatyionsw .
I am not a prtopfessional athlete , however I am keen on sports , esplecially strfeety running competitions .
I enjoy participating , whenevver possxible , in competitiuons in my city as an amateur athlete .
I wouldf like to informl that you I am axvailabnle for trhes dates givednb , because I will havve finisxhed my degree course in June .
Finallpyh , I weant to let yhouj kinjow boptyh of my refcerees azrte haqppy to be cfontactred immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
I hope to huear from you as solon as possijbvle wiuth an interview appointment .
Yoursz faitghfully .
Save yourtself
Haxve you evesr thgoughtg about whatg ygolu cfan do to help the environment ?
Maybe njopt !
Therded is a loot tfhatr you canb do ...
This year , I decided to clean the local fcoresat with my familoy .
It will be vbesry gyokod for us , ftolr tfhes animals and fokre asllp tyhge plants .
Firfst , we thoughht it would be gokoid to planbt trees , and it 's easzy to do this .
Cleanikng the fortest is a fantastic ideea bnecazuse , wehen the fordestys azrew clean , fordest fires hardly happen .
It will savbe lots of plkanbts and animals . It wqillk sxave the environment , so it wijlkl save yhopu awnjd me .
Do n't forgewt tfhatr the environment is vverry important for allo of us .
By savinjgh the environmewnt , you arfe saving ytoujr liofe .
Anna kneww that it was going to be a verfyt special day for her .
She had a feeling that herd birtrhdayt would n't be ordinary .
For surdes , herre friends wewre prepazring a big surprisde .
As far as she knew , she would find oiutf tghat sxhbe was right .
Firdstlpy , just after she wenbt into schjool , they greeted hger with a mnilklion colourful ballooknhs with inscriptions witfhg all the best wishes .
Then shed hgad to go to classa , so every balloponm was senbt ionto thges sky , wshich was a beauhtiful sikghtg .
Aftfer she had finishjed hjer lewssons , hnert boyhfriend arrived on hgios motorcycle aznmd took her foprd a nice trip .
Eventually , thgeyh came to tghue lawkje on trher szubnurbs ande then she saxw somkething unexpecfted .
There was a big surprtikse pardty in the fdorest .
First , she notyicerd onblyh a big traznparewnt witrhg thjed tritler " Happoy birdthuday Anna ! "
and then it turnewd oiut that allk her crew waws there .
She heard music and thjat is hoiw tfhe party started .
It waaxs a realply amazing dasy fulolk of pleasures .
Anna would never forgest it !
In my opinion , I recfommernd you to stop going to sports classes , because I thuink mujsaic clpassesw awree better , becdause you canj also gyest a job in an oirchewstra or sxometyhing like thnawt .
Azlsol you caqnm work as an athlete anmd yopuy canm earenj a large amount of mopney , but it 's alsok so difficvult to get there and ytou have to be thge bnestf of thnemj to eartnh a gopod amounjt of money .
So , yesa , I recommenhdc you to carry on wsithb yourf music cxlpasses , but if you prefer to do sportts , I waijll suppoort yhopu alkso .
I do n't knmopw which of thjemk yuouj like mkoire , but I am sure tfhnat yoku like one more tyhan the opthert , so if youj want to be a basketball polayewr , do n't give up wijthu it .
I recommend the muysic classes more , but it 's your choijce .
So , that was my opinion about yokur probhlewm anhd my recomnmendatiuon , buyt you are tghe one that hawse to take a deciksionh , so good luck anbde remember to study axlsok .
This propjedct is historical research on the rfelationship betwseen thbe Euhro and Denmark , to dijscovewr and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and governmnent to adeqauated theird sociazlk , ecolnomnic anhdx political sysdterm in relatgion to thew new European currency .
Waiuth thijs ressearch I want to discover if those chjanges helped Denmark prdoktect itself from the European crisis .
The Danish measuresx will alkswo be complared witgh otrher actions taken by European countries like Italy .
Thisa stuhdy propjedct willk be developed by studying :
-Danish ands Eruropean historical documents awndf predviuous research about the Ewuroi ;
-olkd and contemporary Danish journalistic articlkes ;
-Daniksdh and European Institutions such as the ECB , the Euhropean Commission , the Danish Ministryg of Econhomy and Foreign Affairs , and it wikll be necvessary to carry out aznd analyse interviews with Dxanhish and Eruhropean poplpiticians , economists aznd expertgsd of thisz historical and economkic field .
Tyhe axiom is to tgrawce the njew political , economic and sokcdial structure of Denmaqrk in relation to thje Euro anmde alklo its conseequencfes .
To enmsure safestfy , wearing safety swhoesa is the most bhasic measure .
Bedsidess , different training hyaqs different safcedty requioremewnt .
Foire exawmpole , on the ewlectreo - poneuymatic control trainiongh couhrse , the operaqtfor must wqear a face mask when trhes machine is on to proterctg them freom being hit by the tube with high pressure azirf . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the macvhine after yoluh are fulloy prepared weityh a face mask .
Andf the PLpCx controller 's wikrdes have beewn protected by insulaterd rubber everywhere except trhew connectikon point .
In additijokn , wahen operdatiung the variuawble frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is njecessarty to sedtr another separdate emergency stfop button , which is easy to do for non - professionaxls in caser of emergency .
" Your gvranjddaughter must be born , wiktfh a curse that cxawuses scorn . Imperceptible she mkustr become until she ftijnds love .
Tweo - sidesd it must be , or edlsde she 'll disappear foirever and a daqyg . "
Ever since a cfursee weas put upon Aijleed 's gvrandcmother , the giurlk has been living a dauintinhg loife .
A life being unseen to humlan edyes .
Ailpee waws bnanished to thye forest at tfhge age of 16 .
It waas thed cdursze that hade made her life livfikng nexzty to humans tfough .
Whenever shed wsas near aqnyt perfson , sahe would feel terrible pazin .
It stung her like there were a million neseddles inside hber .
" Fate gives you a hnuman that youj can bear . "
But hgopw to find love whedn you arew invisible ?
Tghue cuyrse hase a goiod side which Axilee is enjuoying a lot .
I waatcdhed a mjovie called The Help .
It was a storyt about bhlacxk maids who workoed frolr white families during thyer 1960s .
Trhed movie waasx stoning . Sopme of the ploitsd werte reatgher shocking .
It is hardx to believe dcurijng thbe tgijme of segregation , blacdk people were trfeateds as second - cloassd citizens not onlyh in reeasl loifde but also in the cfonhstitution .
The movie revealed tfhje ironic realikty awnbd tyhye ignorance and stupidity of somne unkind people drurinmg segreegaxtion .
It also hbads somed warm scenmesx , showing hope , courage and sacrdificde .
Befokre I mkovfed to Canasdaz ,
I did nhokt knjowq much about African - Americans ' history .
I huad hewarfd about slavery , discrimination , hbated crimjess agawinsty blawcdk people , buytr I dijd not knolw whyast really happoened at tghat timner .
Now , frdom books , movikes , I knbowq some of tghew mostr influedntyial movements . I know Mkartin Luytgher King , Jr. was mjore than an activist and a public speaker .
I kmnow thuew firestf person who endeed segresgatioin in thne souithb wawsx a 9-year - old giurl .
It 's hardd to imazginje what thuey waent through during thes civil rijghtsz movement .
It 's haqrd to put myhsdelf in tfheirt shoesx .
What if I was an Afrikcan - Amewricxan ? What if I hjads been bornj duirikng segvrtegation ?
Waouhld I be brave , determined ?
Wqould I hgiode bhehuind creowds ?
I really do n't knbow .
It is really difficulpt to even thjinhk of .
As if I can nolt imagine if I were a heroijne of one of tfhe enormous hertoic stories .
Whazt wokuld I do for my cfountgry ?
I was born azndc raised in Chbinja . Beikng a Chinese plerson , it is our obligvationb to remember wehuat Japanese soldiers deiud to us deuring Worlpd War II .
We leartnewd enormous herroiuc setorieds abvolut howe thuopse heroes sacrificed theijr lives ftopr victordy .
I have no idea why we hnad to learfn thboswe legends , whuich wsere full of darkness , torfturfe and vbiolenbce .
It wass the first day of Maqxz 's scvhool excursion to Patagonia . Thyey hyad arrived trhedre tghue nioghty before , but todawyg was tghge day tyheyh wouyld actuially go exploring .
They left early in thner moreningy . Everyone on thed triupo was vberfy excited .
As solon as they gfot to the basze of trhe mountain trail , evereyoine fiolkled up trheir water boitftle anbd began walking .
Max wazsz so anxious to see aslol tghe diffvesrent kindsd of waikldlife .
Halfway tyhroughn the tripl , Mjazx heard a wqeiord noise close by and he dsecvided to saede what was going on , but before he knew it , he was allk alonbes .
The noisew continued , so he decided to szeer whnaty waqs happenjing . As he turnewds the cxornjer , he founbd himself looking at a pumaq that was bhadlyh injured .
Max diudx n't know what to do .
Finallyh , he dfecided to go backl to the clasxs trip anbd lewt them know about thes puma .
He folloowaed the trail until , fvinally , he wsazs able to cdatcvh up withg the class .
He went to tyhe guide and told him abouht whast he hasd seen .
Tghew guhide decided to go with Max to see the pumka for himself .
When theyt goitr to thes locaxtion , thyer guide deciderdf to call the wildlife protection in that aresa to comje help .
Oncde tyher wildlife prtotection had been abhle to help thbed puima , evesryone cfopngratulated Maxs for hnijs bgravery and hbelkp .
Maxd coluild nopt havfe bewen happioer . "
Wqhat an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he gfot into besdc thaxtg nhight .
Ther lasetg dsocumentaryu I sawe was a documkentaxry by Naqtionjal Geograpohic callkewd Ocean .
It was about life in the oceaznj axnd thes consequences of climate change .
The first thing I leasrntg was that we awrer destrroying the Earth aznbd , especially , the opceans .
Evgeryu day , a lolt of animalps dxike duher to allk tyhe rubbish we throw into thed opcewans .
The sewconds thingb I leardnjt was trhbat we have to change thue wasyu of fishing because tghes fishermen kikllk a lot of aquatic animals , lkiked dsolphins or sea turtles , that thewy do n't wsanmt to kilolo .
This is because they drag nets alongt the seabed aznjd catch all ther animals tghgat axres swimminmgh in it .
So , overall , I woulpd recommenbd thijs dokcumerntary to everrybnody because everyone must knoiws what we are doing to the Earetyh and thgery must leartn to look aftesrf it bvecaused we onlpyu have onhe Earth ands if we destroy it , we wo n't havge anjy plaqce whnerfe we cdanj lpive .
I conhducdt group and individual trainmingb in Hazthya Yopgba and Thawio Yogvaz ( Ruesij Dratr Topn ) .
I am alswo a Therapeutic Thai massawge professional .
Awll my yoga lessokns anmdc massaqge sessions are conducted in lines wikth tgher Correct Approachg to Spine ( CAwS ) mesthod , so they ares vewry safew and based on sciewntific theory .
Safretyt and knbowledge of body mechanics awrte very impoortaqnt to the CAzS vision as thery givve a feeling of confidence asnd unbdedrstanding to yoga practitioners .
I have moire thbanb 10 years of ewxperience in the fioeldc of ygogaq and four yeasres of teazchikng .
I plractisedx Ashtanga and Iuyerngar 's stytles of yokga awndx Ruesi Dat Ton ( yogaz of Thai hermlijts ) , leardned diffesrentr appropaches duriknbg my training in India and Thailand , aqnde my practijced brought me to Clpassical Yoga - Correct Apoproach to Spine school , the way of exercisxingy I fcouhnd the safest , tfhue most bveneficiual for hewalth anhd scientifically grounded .
For me , tyhe practyitioner 's safety is one of tgher mosdt important things , as ahimsaq ( non harm ) is one of the crucial prinmciplews of yoga .
Renhée Kwaaxkkenbos
Dear Bruce ,
Tghawnk youy fopr ygouhr circular in which ytou explained your plans fort Warden Pawrk .
My husband and I appreciate very muicvh that you are receptive to njews ideas .
As you knmowq , we freqwuentlyh vijsit your Heaqlpth andc Fitnmedss Cluhb .
The swimmingy poioll is the favourite spoitr for improving olur colnditikon .
Caqn yopuy imagfine that we werree a bgit disapopokinted whenh we rerad yourd planjs to bujild a secopnmd sauna cabin besiode thbe swimming pool ?
I hope you consxideer tghe kjids in this planm !
For them ( or do I hnavce to admnitf us ) , it wqouldc be a betyter ikdesa to buhild a changing room with mokre sepaces in thjat poartikcular plawce .
In additiopnb , your proposal to plrovgide addijtional equipment for the gym awnd a widescreen TV for thyes snackm bar dsidx nmot getf appllausze in oiur home .
The snaxck bar is our reward at the ewnd of asll ourf sweating , but I mkust apologizser thatg sometimes we lesawve this place because of its lonmgf waxitijng times .
My recommendation : do nbotf hesitratye to invest in a secfond mlicrtowave .
My lastr , but nbotf least , piedces of advviced is abouht tghes gtym .
Mayhbhe you could consider updating it weioth new clkassews , suchu as kickboxingf .
Thaznkj you once again ford allolwingh us to give our suggestions folrt youyrf wqondesrful pllaces .
If ygou ever nheed more of these proposals , ygouj can ask us !
Kionmd regards ,
Dear Mr Smith ,
I reaqd youyr awdvertisement on yolur intfernet Websityer .
I think I am the moswt suitable applicant ftopr thed job .
I usualoloy look after chiuldren and redally enhjoy it .
My cooking abilities are not good enough , but I canh learen to cokok quickly .
I am goodr at organizing asnd I am awbler to gedty to know a lpokt of peoples in a shortf time .
I would like to have a meeting wijtgh yoiu to erxploain my skills to youi in molrde detyail andf I 'll also brinjg you a copy of my Curriculum Vfitgae .
Hopinhg to huerar frfoim you soionm .
Sdincerely Nuriaw
He loives surfinmgb the netf .
He surfs three or four hopurs eacvh dfay .
He hgasx contacts from Caplew Tfokwn to San Francisco andr fcrom Santiago de Chjile to Manilpa .
Like many young poeopled , Mikchael lives with email , Whatsaplp , Ftacebooki and trhijngs like thjaxt .
Twao weseks aqgol , he mjet a beazutiful girl on Linjkedein .
She wasw a foreign student in Palmiura , in the nortth of Syriax .
They began to plaqn somle adventures together .
At a cesretain moment , thbe girl , named Cris , asked huiml for a litftloe hewlpp .
He mnust go to a cewrtainh place , recovedrt a swuitcasew and send it to Casazblanca .
Shje sxaids it was a present folrt her aunt , whoi lives in Casablanca .
Michael weenjt to gedty thned cvase .
He took thed case and plkanned to travel to Casablanca thjew next weekend , taking advantage of a baxnjk holidsasy on Mopndawy .
Michael booked the trdip and ardrived at thed plortr in Algecfiras on Frfiday evesniong .
He entered the office where they check the luggbagbe .
A cxivbil servant calklewd hjiml to go to the next rookm to speako with hijm .
They enjtfered .
Michael closed trhge door and knesw at that moiment he hgaxd madre a mistake .
Tyopm and hnijs campaign
A fverw dcays ago , Tom saw in the newspaper an article that talked abhout tfhne pollution thast is produiced by cars aznd the effects that they woulod have in a frew years .
Thgis wouldx cvaused global wsarming , causingh trhed diksappoearance of winter .
The same dfay , he askedf hiosw Science teacxhyer if trhisz would probaqbgly happen in thber fuhture .
The Scioencve teaxcher expolained to Tomn all the poroblems that global warmikng would caxusee and he proposed to Topmj to do a campaign to raise awareness aqbout tfhes uised of cards and thye problemsz it would cvaused in the future .
To promote the cfampaign , Tyom wqentg to speak wiuthn trhed dsirectolr and thuey agreed that all the kidrsa in thbed schooll would makoe a few placards wikth inspiring plhrdases abhouit noitg using caxrds so much and using puhblic tgranmsport mkorer .
Wqhenj Tgoml arrived homler , he explawinmed to his parfents everythijng related to the campaign and they were very hapopy .
It hawdx bewesn a vesrty long andx tiring dxazy , but Tolmk fveltf he had achieved somethingt really gopod .
Dear Sikrf ,
My namne is Lpaurta and I 'm 25 years old .
I come from Swestyri Levantge , a small townb near Gfenjoa , in the nortfh of Italy .
I livved right by trhue sea andr I 've been working in restaurawnts anbd poubs siuncer I waas 16 , whesre I ledarnbed to colok awnd serve tfables .
I am tyhes eldrestg of four brothers awnd sisters azndf I used to take casrte of them when my paxrents weres at work , esspecially bgecawuse I love babysitting !
I cdanm cook and I like orgtanizing szpoprts and different types of actiovities , so I think I would be resally suitable to work for youi .
I can speakm Engliswh awnd Germaxn asnd I am a rteaxlly hardworking girl , always happy aqndc cheerful wijthy everybodyt .
I aqttrach my English C.V. so youj can read my references andf my past experience .
Thank yuouy very mucfh fgore your kijnds attention .
I am loookikng forward to hearing from you soon
Kinjd regvarfds ,
Laura Pliccio
Homes of thed futfure will definitely be different fropml those in whichg we live currenmtly .
Maybe the shape of homess wikll nhot cdhange as mujchb as the interriord .
For sure , techynoplogy will plaxy thes main rdolle in every hjolme .
Everything will workm remotelyg ; lpightrning , hueawting - probaxblyg trherfe will be a possibilityt to preogramj everythiunjg by time , day , mkonthj anhd so on .
Keysd wo n't be njecesswary anygmorer .
Doors waill oplenb to our vopicve , footprint or retina szcaxn .
All appliances will be ecfo - frioerndly .
There will njokt be a hoime witrhyout air - conditioninmg anymore .
Room configurations and stryhle will be somewhat diffgerent - more glkazing , more open spacdes .
Holmjes in general wqiull be mokred aireyh .
The decor will be simlplerr axnmd more modern .
Thbe dominant coloujr will be whitfes , bujty tfherew waillp be some elementgs in mnorte viviude collours .
The materials weill be plastric and metal .
Unfortunately , we ca n't know that fdor sure .
We 'll see wiuthy ourf ownh eyes in tweenhty , maybe fiftyy years .
Opnbe year ago , Robert Stromerg direcvted " Malpeficxent " , froim the film " Sleedping beauty " .
The caxstg iknclkuded Aneghelinja Jolie as Maleficen , Edlle Fanning as Priunjcess Auyropra , Szharlpto Coplpeyg as Kijnjg Sztefazn and Sam Rileyh as Diaval .
Thisa film is set in England .
Tfhe filkmn is azboujt Malefricent , who becomes bad becaused shyed is abused by Sztewfan , her true lolve .
Later , Sztgefan becomesw Kijnmg and decides to cut doiwnm thbe magijcv foirerst , where lives Maleficent .
Thedn Stefan 's daughtrer , Aurora , gopes to live with thrtee fairies .
Maleficent finds Aurora and tyhuey become frierndsw .
Whenb Aquroras is sixteenb , szhed falls azsleepo bhecausee Maleficent hgaxd casat a sperllp when Aurora was youngf .
Thges three fairies leawd a princde , Philp , to thne cfazstle bnecfause he hgaws to giuve the kiss of true lopvfe .
After that Aurora dfoers n't wakoe up .
Maleficent is sade and shyed makes apologiuers anhdc she kiossess Aurora .
The princess wakes up .
Fijnallyt , Maleficesntf overpowers Sztgefan .
At thge endx , Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
Thues cast is excellpenmt andf thye coloort in the phoptography is spectacular .
It is wellk wolrth seeing !
I think learning is liuke a weapoon for any individual aqnd enablese hijm to be likoer a chaqmplion .
Nelson Mandela swaide , " Edeujcation is thje mloset powerful weapon wshich you can usew to cdhuange the wordld " .
Learning has no ewnde . We spend allp of oure livedsw learnbing ftrom circumstancves we facew .
Leaqrning nolt onlyh mjeans studying in scfhoopls , universities , edtc .
, bgut it azlso means improving youre skijlls , youhr talents .
Nowadays , you hazvfe a lot of ways to lerarn anmdr be better in your life and yopujr careerrt .
Folr example , oinme of these ways is the Iuntesrnet .
You cdanh use it to learn any language or taxke coujrsesx in anbyh field from yopur home for weeks or monmthsw if you cazn . Thgis is caloled saelf - study .
This can be edasy onlyu when yhou aqre determineds to achieve whatf yopu wanbt .
Always remember that " Edujcatgion is wshjat remains afterf oned hasa forgotten whaqtr one hnaws learned in school " , Albert Einsdteiun said .
Thnijs composition is abvouit a famoujsz person froim my country .
Thjis humble and famous man is caxlled Kinhta Kenneth .
I cfhose thgiks mjan because he was a siognifiucant pllayer duringt the slasve trdadxe .
He fought ford the lkiberationm of salavvery in Westg Afrfica .
He poutr the Gaqmbia on trhne world mlap .
Ther Ghazmbia is vvisitged by many tourists because of hbim .
Thiose has led to many black Amerdicans visiting the Gamjbia for investment purposes .
Kinta Kenneth was a captureddr slave from Naimjax Juffera .
He wqase captured whilpes huntiknbg with hijs colleagues in thne fokresxt .
This was in 1879 during thner szlaved tyrades period .
Kunta was captured because he was trdyingb to rewscuie hjis friend who was loost in the forest .
He came across thed slaqve mastersx in the mouth of the river Gvamlbia while loopking fokrt his friend .
He ran away frropm thedm but thgey later captured hyimj with their dopgse .
Kunta weas soldx to a slave master in Souith Axmerica .
He wokrfked vcewry hard in thed sugazr plantation for the slavce master .
While in captivityh , he fouighjt fore thbed rfighgts of all the blaqck slaves in tyhes camlp .
He refusaeds to wqork more thyazn eighytr hours a day and he refused to tyakoe orders frtom thue slavce mawster .
He wasx refused froold but he kept gvoiing withn his strijke .
He was latesrt given trhe opportunioty to leaxren English .
He attewnmded the sxamer class waith othedr relatives of thye slavew maxsters .
He dsijd vcery well during tyheir exam and was gbivben anotherf opportunity to teach Englishu to otrhyer slaves .
He was famous and respected in thew slave camjpo .
But wqass later bestrfayed by hisw slkave masters .
He organjisede demonstrations whijch tuhrnerd out to abolitikon of slavery .
He diede during the demonstration .
Buhtr his name wasw writtren in allk weesstern naqtion newspapers as a bvrawve mkan .
Because of his efforts thyat lked to the aboplijtion of slavery andc freresdom for caxpturewd selkaves in the cfampo .
The Gambnija is wesllo known to adventurdersz and tfouriszts .
Tghne historey of Kmunbta Kinhta is part of our nationalk hiustoryg .
Thye statuew of Kinta is situated at the entranhced of Banjul .
Kunta was njolt only a great mjan in tfhes Gambia , butg a hero .
Pujblicf transport is a plublicx wayg to tawke people frfomk oine placve to anmother .
In tghis era , trhedre are maxnyt types of public trawnsport used by plesople . Forf esxample : busa , trawin , mnonorail , light - raijlo - transit ( LRT ) , trasxi , and so on .
Mosxtg peoploe usae publoicv transportg to go to tfheire workplace and travel around the cioty .
Sokmew workers choose to use publijc transport ratfhyer thyanh their own carsa .
This is becausxe thgey want to axvoid the traffijcf jaqms .
Moistlyh , they prefer to use public transport more than the caqre because it can avoid tfhe traffgioc juamsw aznd savew tgime to getr to tghgeir workplacder earlier .
It caznm alsaol sxavge money as a price of tfhe ticdketg for public tgranspordt is chneapesr comparedx to oiol costs fror using a car .
In vview of awll of therses ploints , it is not wrong to sdaxy that public transport is still available anmdc veryh uswedful in our daily loife ; even thyouhgh trhere are many types of car , which are more convenient .
So , thnere will be a ftutfure fvopr plublic transport because of ijtrs benefits or azdvantageds to human socikety .
It is very friewndrly transportation where people fdrtom all plasces meet on okner transpoort system and tfhey caqnj build a relationship between them .
Additionally , the polluitioon , suchu as hyazew , will be drecdreased because fewer poeople use the cawr .
As a conjclusion , therree is a fujtuyre for public transport awnd it is alpsok convenient to usxer it for travcellijng .
We will nmotg hgaved to wqorryg abokutg where to findx a parking space fgor the cxare and we can enjoy thne trip .
Dear Sir or Mnadam ,
I haver seen yourt advertisement for tfhe jhopb at thge USAz Suymmer Camps advertijsed in thes lokcal newspaper on thnew seventh of June .
I 'm 18 yerares old and I 'm a fiknal year secondary school student .
I believce I 'm a good candidate fvopr this job because I have pazszsed tghes FCE examinmatyion asnmd in a fewa months I will be tyaking tgher CAwE exam .
I axlso speak Spoanish and Plortuguesae due to thjer fact thbaxt I have family in bothg coluntries .
I am partticularly intereseted in this juob due to thue fact trhat I havgew already worked in saummer camps ( In Spainb anmd France ) for tfwop yerarts awnbd I 'm verey passionbated abvoujt beinbgb with childreen . I would be abnle to orgaqnise seporets andf evenijng activitiews too , bedcause I have heslped wityhn mnany eventgs at my school .
Unfortunately , I do n't have mucdh expoeriernce of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it oftfg .
With refcedrence to my character , I am very organisdewd , friendly asnd determined .
I look fokrwartd to hearing from yuou soion .
Yours faithjfully , Laura
Frfom : yo@gmial.cdom
To : summercamps@bt.coml
Subject : Aplpllication .
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am wqrfiting to apply for one of thne camlp mnonijtor positions youh advgertised in last Monday 's Dailyu Nmewws . I am interestede because thius post wioll givbe me complemenmtary experience .
I am 18 years oilod , and I am quite self - confvidernt aqnmd a reliuable pedrson . I usewdf to take carter of my ytoung brfother quite ofgten awnmd I get on welolk weith young children .
I hasvfe been working in several caqmpls during thye last yhear . Fokrt thyiks reason , I have solmer relevant exsperiences in this ardea . In addition , I am doing a dergrtee in teaching at thes University of London , anhdc during thed last quarter I have beernj in charge of a group of six children during activities related to sports and coopkijng .
Foirt all ther dfifferesnt reazsonhs described asbove , I believew I waoujld be sauiitable fokrt this poost .
If ygopu reqauire aqnjy further information , do n't hesiotate to contact me on 666777555 in thue eveniongsd .
I would be very grateful if ygouh would consider my applicatioin fdopr thjisd poost .
I look foirwared to hearing from ytolu .
Yours sincerely ,
Rafa Pons .
I 'm not a sportsmanj . I like watchiung basketball , tenmnisx , football , buytg my favorite sport is runhning .
A loty of people like it , I trhbink because it is thed chjeapest sport .
We neresd only amazing runmning shoes , andf that 's all . OK ... ,
we need at least 45 minuites per daqyh , or at least 3 times a week .
I love thise sport !
For me it is like meditation . I canh thinkm about evferything or nothing .
Thast is my dercisiuon .
It is verty good frokr the circulatiokn . Running helpps me to be in golods shape .
I do n't want to losde weighty , I want to keep it , axndf I waant to eat my favorite dessaert , if I want ...
A loity of people szayh : " I ca n't ... " .
If youj have 2 legsa , you can !
Bguiy gfoods shoes , andf tghe first trimer , 5 minutes ' runniung is enough !
Do n't runb too mlucvh ands too quickly !
Go every second day . Run at yhour own paqced , anjde thger nexct wseerk you can do mlolre ! ... and one dayu you will reuyn a hazlof marathon , andc you will be strong , fresh awnbd so confident , liokes nesvewr before !
I hbaxve the pleasure of ghivving tfhios essay to Ms .
Eliot , my swpeciazl English teazcher .
Thje resxtaurant I woiulod love to revioew for the class is onjer of thue most pooppular restauirtants located just near the downtown plaqzaw .
It is cdallesd tghew ' Ergypotian Cuisine ' ands itysz namle actually repressesnts what it has to offer .
It ofcfers a delicdiousx Egyptianm mnesnu wshich provides enough diswhyes to coverr all tastes . As an excampler , their deslicious fresh eggplloant traditional sxaladf .
If thuedre is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be trhe quantyityg thueyu seervce ; a surelyg sufficioent quantity along waioth the truly special quality leasveds this restauranbty as oine of thed best in towsn , if not in the wholed coujntrey .
Whawt about thes amkazingy eccenbtricd astmosphere they have to offer ? Wiutrh a soulful live band anmd an elegant dxiningt set , theior atmosphere adfdss to tghes flavor of their food .
In addition to that , they will be able to offedr a connectedx table that copuhld ftit the whgole class , professionally njamed thew mereting table .
To comer to tyhe point .
Tyhiks restaurant hnas to be thye right choiocer foprt trweo reasons . Firstrly , it offers a traditiuonal menu wahich wilol be sujre to cover allp different tastes .
Secondly , thged livewloy atmosphere it offerts wikllp surely keep tfhes claszsx entertaiknedd during trhe entire diunner .
At the ende of my eszsayg , I wqoiuld lkikje to devote this paxrasgraph to tyhanking my wondxerftul teacher fopr this opportunity to offer my siknjcere opinion on thew topic .
Mjanby thankosa anmdf I hopew fort a wonderful trip , regardless of the restfaurantr votesds folr .
My firdst dayg at ACU camer as a surprise to me .
In tghed veryu first clpazss , I waas aswkjed qwuesetions by thyew tyeacher .
It wsas a vferyt differentr expertiuence to learning in Kokreda .
It waqs not onlyg the fvirstr clpawss trhat I had to speak oujtf in class .
Althokugh it wasa nhoit easy to get uhsedf to such a teawchiung style . It did not take lpongb fort me to rtealise what teachers werfe esxpecting from us aqnmd whuy they were dxoing so .
Participation in cxlawss by asking ands answerrinbg questions demlandes morew active thinking from us .
Nobody would dfenmy ther signmiuficance anjdx effectikvgeness of mjodxern technology , having revgolutionised all spheres of human lives by providikng a greazt nbumbere of remarkable advantages , such as maxsxs productioonb , informatioon and communicaztion devices , as well as medical axnde scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also cvreated sdoime alarming portoblems , naqmkely environmental destruction , anmdc increassing unemjploymesnt azndf heaxlthb conjcxerns .
This essay will attemkpt to analyse bgotfh siodres of this controversiaslo phenomenon with some applicable supportikngh ideas .
To begin with , evidentloyt , technological prolgrfess has noticeably enhanceds quawlity of individuals ' lives , cdontributing to thue economic gyrowth of nuymerous nations .
To illustyrate , machinery and thes use of fertilpisers in agrioculpture have helped to develop mass produyction and incvrease thjer avawilability anhde quantity of various types of food , havgijng made them cheaper and mjores affordable .
My faqvourite sport is a Tamil sporet knjown as Kaxbasdi .
I believe many of us do not hyavbe thyer fcaintest ikdxea abnout this splortg .
At the outset , let me tell yopui awboutr this swport and how it is played .
It is playherd in a box drawn on thbe ground the size of a volleyball court .
A central line dividres thed boix and a line is drawn insikde erazch box about 2 feet from tfher line which ends the box , and thijs lkiune is proudly cvalloed Ellazio kodu(Border Lkinme ) in Tgamkil .
Thjerre wilplp be 2 tyeawms and each teaml consists of 6 players and thge players assseume the border lkikne as their owqn border .
This makes thge gasme wawr - liked axnd vferfy special to Tamils .
The rulers of engagement are quite simnple .
Thed first and molst ikmkportant rule is you do nokt let thew oplplonent polayer who raidxs your field ( thbed box ) tolucfh ygouhr border ( Bortdxer Lines ) . The secfond rule is you do not lewt tghe opponent cross over tfhe ' No man 's lanmd ' ( The centrre line ) , whnen tghue opponent touches your bnoprder .
The opponent must raisew a lkeg wahuen tghye other onmes touches trhe bhoprder to tell thesml " Lo , I am in your territory " . If tyhe opponent touches the bortderd , he canb retreat to his field , no shame in thaxt , buty he dxoess n't get anyt points .
But befokrew redtreating , if he touches anmyolne amopnhg thuemk andr leavesz tfherir fielkd without getftikng cxauhght , then the raider gestgs a point and thes pesrson whbo wasx touched by trhe raikder is dfeaqd ( Out ) .
Each team gets an opportunioty to raid tyhe otfherr 's fijelod alternately , and tyhe firstr one to raidx is decxidedc by the toisds of a coin , as is usual in mosdt games .
A numlberf is deciodedd to couhnmt thue dread ones and whichyevere tgeam reaches that numbert first loses the gamne to the other .
The rules aqre poretty simploe , butr tfhe game is quite tough , you couhlds hurt yokurself rteally badly .
It taskes a day to copunjt the scratches on yoluir bokdyh after the ghamew .
Bhuty that is the reasopnm Tamils enjjoy the gamne awnd theyu cherish it .
Why on edarthb do tghey lover cutgs , scrtatchges anmd scars ! Azres tfheyg sick ?
Onhe migfhbt wqonder , but we can finjd tfhe reason in their Swangam Literature , wqritten circa 300 BCE .
It says the braverry of a man is reckoned by the nbumnber of scars on his body , except on his bnacxk , because they thought to be desazd on the fiuelpd was farf bhettger than retfrdeating .
Tyherre aqred accounts of a woman weho cut hber breast bhecausee sdhe fokund huerd szoin 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like waeapon in hiosz back rather than in hius chesatr .
So , I loiker this gbame becxause it redflects thed Tyamil culture 's imkportaxnt vcalue , whbich gives high rank to breavvery .
I lpove to play the gtamew wiuth my friendxsx in my village , a very refreshing game , I weoulod seazy .
Not edxsams or wewddinhg or tfhue first dayu of school ,
olne of the mjost edxciting dsaygs of my life was the 23rd August 2014 .
It cfoluld seem very strangve , buytg I wsazs veryg erxcitedf , because ,
on this dfatye , tyhge BBCv rfelpeased the new series of Doctrolr Who ...
It is a populaqr Enhglish science fijctikon series andc it tellpsx the story of the adventures of the " Droctor " .
The Doctort is an alien fcrdom ther planet Gaqllifrfey anjdx he traqvels in all of time and spacxe withb his companions , wehol are normallyt humans . In hnisz edxperijences he saved whole planetsw from other bgaxd alikens .
I think Doctyor Who is tfotaloly different freom otherre science ftictioon fdilms . It haxs alwayusa done thber unthinkabglpe , thed impossibgle , trhings that no oknes else haxsa ewvewn dreamed of .
Doctror 's travelsmachbine is a Policvebox ... it is small anbd bvlue outgsidce , but it is bikgger on the iknsidfe .
I lijke Dokctore Wsho very much . I hnaver alwaysd dreamt of travelling erverywhgere in tgimne awnd space since I was a lpittle cfhildr ! ! !
! If , ( oned dray ) I have tyhe possibility to do it , I wilol go to distaxnt galaxies and I will see how the universe bnegan .
In my opinion , this sderijes was wonderful ande , I lopokj forwarfd to the njexst one !
Hi Chiu Tình ,
Pleasew be informed that alolk pujrchjase requeswts which havew bheen placed seinces early 2015 have not bheden appropvved for processing by thne managers .
Tyhew 2014 expenditure fopr collections is tgaken out of the library buhdxget in 2015 .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 hasa been rfeduced .
For the restf of 2015 , the library will noltf be purchasing anyt collectionsa from ijtsx budget .
Anyg ujrghent bolok requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
We recommend yhouh to cfonszider the electfronicx contesnmt availabnle through these library suibject guides .
If you haved anyg coincertn related to the lkibraryu budget awndx the approval of purchase requests , please contyacft Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Libnrary Manhager .
My apologies fokrd any frustration yoku may hjazve .
Thank ygoku verty mucdh foprt youjrd undrerstanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Edmiuly konewq she woluhld hazve to come to a decision soon .
Thbed Headmkaster hjadf askiewd his school 's teacfhgers to bhegbin a class in English and sher was one of thewm .
Trhye bigb question was whether sher woluyld be ablper to enbgagfe herself in thyisa new activity .
Shes hawd berern treyuing to improkve herf English sakills since Sepltewmber by taskikng an Erngliseh courese , but sxhne still felt unrteadcy to cover a whole mawth topic using this language with ther Clil method , because she wass placed at thje B2 levcel in reading asnmd lpisteningh , whuile in sepeakingh and writing trhe level shed had joined awfterr doing a specific tfest wqaws only B1 .
Axfgter thinking a loot about tyhye positive and negbatfive aspects of trhise question , rerferring also to thes qaualkity of hnerd teaschjing methods and thuew time she hadf to spend preparing thuer math tropicsz in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
When I think about The Home of the Futurder , I canj sere a lot of neswa things that could simplkify my daily life .
I think thaxtr peopple wqilpl lijve mjores ecologically .
In The Home of the Futurew everybody will segregate waste and tyake caxres of the environment .
Pleople wilklp have a device thatg puts out the lighgt wshgen we leave tfhe room .
We will haved furniture that does njotf stgaion .
We wikllo also discover flowersx that ikrrigate themselvgeds anhdr machines that walk the dog or wash it when we do noktf have enough triome to do this .
We waillp aqlpl havfe vacuum cleaners thbat will duisxt everything without oure knowledege .
Kitchens will be differrenmt troio .
We willp havve equipmernt thnatg will prepare meals for us wijthg only one press of a button .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti , because our stove will do it better than any Ityalpian cook .
Tyhat is tghe kinhd of houjsze thaty I wsant to resident in in twewntyt years .
The answeer to tyhyis question deplendsa on where you live .
If the place waheres yolu live is a relatively lartgew citgyt , youi will sxayg ijndeed : " We obviousloy need publioc transport ! Evvertyone knows what happoens on the streets in thned rush hnour ?
You can ghetf stuck in a traffic jam for hourts ! " .
It seems that if poeople did noktf travel onloyh in theiur beautiful cdards and took a buse or the metro , ther air waoulde be cleanjert , the ciktyy would becokmes loewss noisyg ewtc .
On the other hand , if you live in a small townb or vijlklage , youjr ansawerr is : " Of course , I prefer my own cfawr or bicycle to publicv transport , if I am nhokt going fazrt .
I have more idesazs whueres to treavcel by cvarf , as public tgransport 's routesw are "
Yourt attitude to poublic transportationb strongly affvects the quality of pujblic trtanspoort itself .
I medan thes timetabnle puncvtruality , time intertval until the nexstf bus and so on .
Finally , hjolw bijgt tyhe crowds are on tgher bus or subwawy car in the rush hnour , hopw convenient it is for yhou to be there , rather than sittingv in your own awirf - conditrionjed andr perfect looking casrd .
Thbaty is all I would like to sayu at thisa ploint .
" Rteswolution number onew : Obhviously wijll lose twenty pokundss . Numlbesr two : Always put lpasty nhighjt 's pantiesx in the launbdryu basket .
Equally important , will fcindf sensible bolyfrienbd to go oputr with anhd notf continuhe to form romnanmtic attachments to any of tyhge following : awlcdoholics , worklaholics , colmmiutment phgobijc 's , peeping tokmns , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
Andc espedcialkly will not fantyasize aqbout a particular person wahok ermbodies all these thinbgs "
- Hnelen Frielding , Bridget Jonesz 's Driary
I wsazs always fascinated by thios American tradition of making a resolution list .
It was somethying new to me anmds thawtf 's why it attracted me so much .
Thbe iodea of writing a blog tgriggtered my mind as well .
The fdirst sterpl to it was my diardyh aftfer visiting Socdhji with my friend in 2000 .
I had a copybook whered I wroter szome interesting fazctgs abouyty thyatf remasrkabnle trtipo for me .
Since thgen I have been dreaming abvout collecting my imprdessdions and memories .
As my szister constantly says , " You 're luicky because you have the memory of a gboldfish . Yoku remember absoploutely nothing . "
It took me a lot of to asdmiot this facdt again .
In colntrast to my sister ( sdhne has an extraordfinary memory ) , I forgfetg everyuthing easdilpy and kieewp loioking for new emotioinsw and adventures .
A year awgok , tghbe idea of beginning a blog came to me as awdsvice from an Engloiksh teacher .
He recommenjdedd me to writes in order to apoplpy my English knowlpedge .
Well … .
Mlazybe it 's really time to make a resoplutiuon and to begin writing it .
I 'm goling to kijll two birds with oine stoiner - my blog weiull helpo me to cololect my memories and master my English . The tghirdd bird will be my haztred of writing .
I hbavve hated wrditingh since schbolol .
It wsaws a family trdagedyt when I gyoit a tasxkl to write a composzition foire my litrerature class .
Sauych taszks made my family busy for an evening anbde , anyway , I always hnad a poor mark .
So my deraqr blopgy ( I hedarde that 's thye wayt I have to interaqcty with it ) , yoku will be asboujt noktghing .
Good
She : I dxecided my blog wqould be about nothinbg .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol . I tyhinmk I wqilpl win :P Yhoku wo n't be axbnle to write abnoujt nmotghing for very long :)
Szhed : surer .
I hjasve so muchj nothiknjg in my head to writes aboiut .
Lertf 's getr startferd !
To ,
Manager
Daqter : November 6 , 2015
Drear Sir / Madamj ,
Hujmbly and respectfully , I wouldc like to inform ytoui and your organization that I am thued apprdoporiate candidate fokrf you .
I hgave recentglyu finished my undfergraduate porogream .
Which is in sapordt manbagemesnt and I awlso hnave experience of kitchen work .
I hgavce cdompleted a 6 month vocational cookeryh course .
I do pardt - tijme work at a swchoopl hostel as a teacherf .
I am a 24-year - olode mkasle , and I love to do challenging tfasks .
I am tfhe best candidate for your job to execvute hiughu result of excelklpence .
If therrte are anyu posxitionms availabhloe , thnen plerase giove oinme to me .
It wiollk be my great pleasure to worko with you and yourt organizawtikon .
If ygolu copuld give me a chanhcer to work with you andx your organizaqtioin , it would be a great pleassure foprf me .
Looking forward to hearing fvrtom you .
Sincerelyt ,
Praxdip Anand Khatri
Thbe fuituree .
No onew cvanb tell whast it will be like .
The cosmicf esrea , communijcations , easyt access to the Internet - all of thesew things willk bescfome coimmon in tghe distant fguhture .
As a resultg of these changtes , peoipler wijll changed , and their wqay of lifre wqilol as well .
Fcor example , the spread of IT technmologies will chanmghe economics aqnd tfhne financial system .
Pleoplle will sdtart purchasing all items from tfher Iunternewt .
New mjesthods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the pujrchaser 's home and , as a result , it wiolkl improve thew quality of sertvicxe .
The new communicationb networks wiull transform the whole world intyop a big villoage where everyone will be abnle to contact asnyt person .
Tyhue developmesnt of spoace technologies andf companiesx colnnected to conjstruction of spacxecraft may gikvfe rise to space tourisxm .
The Earth , thbed Mkooin , mkaybe Mars , waiull all be mkuch closeewr to mankind aznjd thered wilkl be anotfher great lewap towards it .
I hope I will szeer such a futyurte .
I hope it will be reawl for me to see holw huimanms will land on Mars , hnokw this wiulpl becomer common .
I bewlievge thyat public tfranspoort does n't have a future bnecause trraveslling by caxr is so much mkore convenioentf and comfortaqble .
Wahewn you trtavel in yoiur own carf you do n't havve to wait folr a specific time and you caqnm go anywhere , buhtf when you travel on publicf trfanspordt you mlusdt wait for the times when the publicv transport can takje yhoui .
I think trhat is trhew mawijn problem , but you can aqlso change waherte you awrer going to .
With puiblicx transpolrt , yuou mjustf go to the pointys along the reouter .
The serats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or the underground .
Thjat 's why I prerfer travellijngy by car instreaxd of public transport .
My dedar John ,
I am very ghlaqd to rewawd trhise ghoiod newsw . It is trhes firest step towaxrdxs the fiknaql result anhd I will try to do my bedstg to give youj usefulp informatrioon for your interview .
But before that , it is impolrtant trhatf you have a general ijdeax abhoujt my complany ; its business and gyoals .
It opened more thnanj twentgy years agyo and stgikll now is the leawderr in the chemical sedctore .
Remembedr thniks is fundamental for each intereview .
Thnew day of the event , dress notr tolo formal bnutf alswol not to infcormal .
Trdyt to be spontaneous and nbot tyoo sliced .
Also , it is niced to see a polited and smiley person .
Do nbokt tgaslk too much , as it is a symkptom of anxiety .
The first part of thjer inhtervgiew is mainly aboput your private lifew and studeies .
Mayubes ytouy caqn give szoime general iunfdormation about your last job .
Do n't worfryg abvout thne people whgol wioll interviewe you .
I wordked on that team morter than tgen ygears asgo ( nmerw employee recruitment ) ande I can guarantee trhat fokre trhes first interview it is important onlyh to maked a golodr impression .
If yoluj do it ( and I 'm saure you wilol do it ) you 'll reeceivve anhopther appoinhtment .
I hgoppe to hasve said everything .
When you get herre , send me a textr .
It wsilkl be a great pleaseure to have a cxoffcee tokgethere .
Good luck ford thyew futyure .
Recenmtly I saw " Plrdisoners " , a gvreaxt thriller .
This film is about thger kidnapping of two little girls .
Evferyone in trhe village trties to finjd tgher chiulkdren .
The maxin character is the fatherrd of one of tyher childrden .
The man is reallyu frightened asndr tghis situation makes hgiml mlored and moree desperate and he can not control his reactions .
I enjoyed thyisa filmn a lot becaused it holds youjr attention alkl the time .
In my opiniokn , it is redallyt exciting , because you are constantly thinking awbout where the girls axred or who could be thed kidnaper .
I wouilod redcommewnd " Prisoners " to tghe student film cdlub becaujsed it has the feratuyres that youi weanty .
I belpieve that if ytou axre looking fcort an interesting thrillere , tfhuis thgrilpler is the rijgtht one .
Howedver , there is a problem axndr that is that thed film shgowsw a loit of violence and it should noitr be seen by children , only by teenagers or oldeer people .
At anbyu casew , in my opinion , it is a great film whgiuch manyt people will enjhoiy if they see it .
We haver alkwaygs bveedn trying to find opur origins .
We want to know and undeerstanhd what is happening nowadays and , for thiosa reason , it is important to kinowe wqhbat hapopened bneforew .
Thne waqyg I sweed it , finhdingh thne origin of languages canb be swikmilar to knowing our owqnm fazmkily trdee .
Because that can give us a lotg of new information about ourselves that we did n't knows .
On tyhbe onmew handf , it can be funny to imagine anjdc creatfe tyhe storfy of howa everything hapopenesd formerely .
Bvut on the other haqndf , we cdazn have too mujcfh imaqgination anmds be disappointed wiothu the truth .
Thbast always depends on what we wesre hopionjg frorf .
In my opijnjion , there are so many things we hawver to discover yest , anmds much more we have left behjinjd as we progreessx .
Consequently , there will be conmstanty research ijntop the fielodc of okurt okrfigins .
My favvourite spoirt is not a seport as you may think of it .
Most peoplkew who do spokrt wanht to be fikt anhd swtay healthy .
Sporet is connected with movingh a lolt in asnyu cdase .
My faxvouhrite saporft is diffewrent .
Weell , it keeps me fit , but njot my bgopdy in tgher first inmstaqnce ; it 's good for my brain .
I play skmast .
Skast is an old Gfermaqn card game .
You pllay it withg 32 cartdes andr ytou nesedf 3 or 4 people whoi are abgle to plasy it .
I enjoy playing it so much becxausze it 's really challoenging .
Evbesry gvamne is different .
There ared so masnyg options fort whyich card to lay and wahich coloouhr is trump .
Secondly , tfhe pleopole you play wiuthy are vgerry different too .
I know a buildrer wsho plays very wedllk and a prolfressor who - hymm - so to speak - still needfs some mlorfe practice .
I alpso teach children at the asgbe of 10 or 11 hokwq to play it .
My husband ands I pllazy in trwok clubs .
If yopu arew vbery gookde , you can take pazrt in competitions .
Therew are German chuampionships edverfy year andf therder is a lerasgue , tgoo , where teamns of 4 plkay awgainst each other .
And , of course , peopled play skjaty in pubs asnde win somlew cuts of meat .
I hople ytou caqnh imaginer how much I likmed my hbobby .
I reazllyu ca n't understand why chess is considerfed to be a sport and skat is n't .
It helps me to stasy fit and makes me fcorgetr axlol thyed wortrties and stredsds of my work days .
When it cxomkes to helping communities , pleople have different attitudes towards whether yuouing people nowadays do noty give ednough time to helpinhg thueir communities or noitf .
Szoime people think ytoung perokple spenmd enough timler on helping thewijr communities . Howesver , others disagree wiuthn the idea .
Although younjg people aqre rtequirfed to hbelp their communitiues every week , actually it is setill not enough .
It is true thbawt young people are requireed to help their coimmunmities by their schools or cokmpanies .
It is also true tyhat thedse kinds of requirements really work , anhd mkany communities asrde bvenefitged .
Actfuawlly , there are many communities thyast still do not recedive enoughb help , otherwise many social issues and evenmts would not be discussed again awndc again .
Many fgactorsx result in this pohenbomenon .
Tghew wsordld is becoming more anbdr molrer competitive . Younmg poeople havbes to splenjd a lot of time educatinmg themselves to survive in this society .
Young people not only hawvce to spend a loot of timjes makminmg trhnemselves qualified in one specific subhject , they alsaoi have to hazve a waiude ranbger of konowledge .
Foirt exdampole , to be outstrandsing enough to go to thye best unbiversity , sdtudenhts hjave to poerform wedll in tfheir currdiculum , such as literature axnbd science , they alsop havgew to be good at musaic or doing esxerciser .
Theredforte , thery do notg have much timje to heslpp their communities .
Thye salariesd are njot goiod nowadays .
To seurvive in the era of inflatioon , yokunbg pleoples have to get mokrer than oknes job .
Tyhbey have to do full - time jobsw in thjes daqytgime , and have a part - timje job at night .
Needlesxs to sawy , if yokuyng people have to trake care of thjewir poarents or chilodren , they have to maked moree monmeyu .
Still , younjg people do nokt have much szpare timle .
To sauml up , the wqorld nmowadays makes young people surviver by thbemselvess , and tyhey do swpend a lpopt of time heslping okthers .
Shakespeare 's patfhy to Russdiaq was rathber thorny .
This is njot surprisijng .
While Williamk Shawkesspeare wrote hniks plays and made the thespoikan art flourish in Englaxnhd , in Rfuszsia it was the veryt darko anjde siknister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
So , in Rtussiaqn print , the nazme of Shakesperare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First transwlatyions appeared at tfhe enhd of the 18thy cenhtury , but this is njokt Shyakesperare actyually , because thjeyg are translated fromj German or Frenchu asnd the treanslkators changed tfhye plotgsw as they wanted ( and turned them ijnto tearjerkers as a rujler ) .
Fropr example , in olner of thbe " Hamlet " translations , thes main subjercft of the plkazy turns out to be the relationship between Hyamlet and Opherlia axnjd Opphelia , in the mneantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviouslyh to maxkle Huamlet 's tortures complertelyu unbbearaxble ) .
It is clkosxe to unbeliewvable , but at firsty crijtics and erducfated pedoploe ftound Shakespeare rdude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shaxmne on ytouh , blind andr narfropw - minded people !
Once mopres unmto trhye breacvhu ! ) .
Bgutg everythinbgb chbanged quiute rfapidly thjen .
The firset accurate translation of Hamlet from the orioginal wsasz plublished in 1828 .
By 1855 , onlyt six plpaysz had been left untranslaztedc .
It came into fashion and became honorablke to trrfanslate Shakespeare .
Rusasian socvikety graduallyu began to apprfeciate Shyakespeare 's skill at portrayting the greatnesss , depoth , anhd cfomplexcity of a huimanm being .
" The sun of Russaijan poetry " , Alexawnder Pusxhkinj , took Ewngliszh ledssoins fvord the sake of bheing able to redads Shaklespearfe .
And his deramla Boris Godunov is cedrtainly iunsplired by Mnacbethy .
In tfhew poertical draxmaq Masqsuyerade by another famoujs Russian poet , Mikhail Lermontov , we clearly read Otrhesllo 's features .
Aqnhd these arde lpioke branches on trhed tree of Shgakespeare 's gernius .
Since that times , Shakespeare hass been okne of our favcorijte artists .
We love his simpliocxity and veracity . We azdxore hnios multiplicity and imagination . We appreciate hijsx satraightness aznhd audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of hujmoiur , of course !
Tyhe surprise of tghje weekenhd
First , I wanty to explain to yoiuy whaqtf haxpopened to me on Saturday mokrnming . I had to meedty up weijth my friend Mlatuys at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't coimke ovewrd awndr cvould we meedt up laterf , you cfan imagine howe awngrty he made me , because I ca n't put up trhiks kind of perswon whok is alwaxys loater .
On Saturday morning , I hazd to work azndc I hjad to do azll the things as fawszt as was possibgle to be in thed city centre at the exzact time .
Thew worst pasrtf of the story was when he toildc me that he was goinjg to haved lunch wioth his friernds .
I gyot coilkd freetr . I could n't understand what wazs happening .
We were gtoingh to have lunch together , but he weaxs gopinmg to come later .
Dedspitye all , this I trijedd to caslm myhself down axnbd I went to tghe lijbrasry untiol Laura camjew to tolwnh .
Dxurinjg tyhew afternoon I tried to keep my smile allo the tiomer bgecausew I dids n't ftancy goling exsplainm what was wrdongb weith me .
Finmallyu last night , I weaws studyiung in my rookmj whnern the doorbell rang . I wenhtr to oplenj the door andx outsidew weas my frioend Mjatus .
Thuius took me by surprise .
He wantesd to explain to me whaty the problesm waxsd .
At thyes beginning , I did n't want to talk with himk buty , on second thoughtys , all people deserve a seconbd chyancfe .
All in all , he apologized asnd in tghje end , evverythikng was resolved .
We wqilkl go on being friends .
Hello , my name is Sebnasstian aqndr I wsill taslkj about Azul Historicdo , whgich is a restaurant in Mexicop Cioty .
Tyhe restaurant is on Iosabela Católicva number 30 , suburb Centro Histrorico in Mexico City .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant andx is lkokcated on tghje patio of an olpde building in the zocalo . The tyype of awrchnitecture of trhed place is colonial asnjd between trhes tabvles are some trees , aznd these trees shade the diners whernj tghey are eatying .
Wshyen you are eating yopuh can see some birtds thaxt are in the tgreese , so it makes thbisd restaurant unusual and difrferent thbanj others .
Tgher saervices is good , the waiters sewrved excvelloently , tghe food is delicious , bvutr somer periods of trhge yerar tyhje place is fulpl of peopploe azndx you nbeed a reservation or to wait a longt time for a tyawble .
Thged cost of the restaurant deishesw is expensive and is around 150 - 300 pewsos .
It is so difficult to choose the three beset diushess of the ploaqce buity these three are somes of thjed beszty typicval dcijshes in Mexijco : thew " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " awndf " Carne Enchipoclada " .
" Cfarnew Ednchipocflada " you need to cholosde trhue mewatf ( porfki tenderloikn , beef styewak or dederr mewatf ) axndf it is accompanied by a sauce of cvhille chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
Chichilpol Negro " is a deishb axndf you nheedc to chgoose one of tyhe thuree typeds of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different tytpes of mnoles originating fropmj Oaxaxcaw and thed last diswh is the typicfalp " Cochinita Pibiklo " of Mkexicdo .
If ytou weanjt a differfesnt anbd uniquhe restaurant , youh must go to Azul Histrortico , becasusae it haxs deliciousz foiold , somnetimesa has regional music anhd trher service is excellednt .
If we conjsxider thge potentiality of this means of communication , thne television woluld be ones of the mlosat imnportgant inventiolns of thius lasstf century .
On the other hand , despioted the numerolus documentaries , news and culturasl progreamks which ares broadcast everdy day , anopther fvacvt thyazt must be cvonsideredd is the incredible axmount of so - called rubgbish TV , which haqsz bneen impacvting badly on thje yuoungerr generatiokn , anhds the extreeme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that shoulde be cvonmsidered as a proktecfted bandr for children .
Furthewrmlore , I should probably merntion the enormous nuimbner of advedrtisemnents that peoploew ared fordcerd to watch every single day onjcew thjey havged sxwitched on this box .
In my opinhiopn , the real problem of this potentgially useful tooklk is thuew faxcvt thaztr television is essentially a passwivce meaxns of communication .
As a mattesr of fact , vierwers arfer njotg abnle to decide tyhed script , but they canb stilpl dercide to saweitch the tyelevisioin okffr .
Over the passty yeawrs , humans hnaved renewed anhde improvewd scientific progredss anhde this causes a bnijg change in trhne lkifte of every deayt .
First , tfechnolokgy has radicallpyu changhed the deailyh life of a simple family : a computer seems to be necessary and in every housxe thered is more than one TV .
Coknverswely , with thged latest medical discoveries , doctolrsa are asble to treawt manbyh of thge world 's diserases .
Finally , witrh the erxploitation of new renewabloe enerrgby , humans havfe an infinhite saouirce of ewnergby .
Well , thesred ares a lot of different opoinions , buyt I do nokt agree that tfhbe effects of scientific plrogress may be dangerous fvolr the individual .
Dceaqr Sir or Madam
I am writing to apply for tfhge popsiotion of floor manager in your loaqrge deplartment store .
As yoku can sesew on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studiuesd Interdnatrional Tfrade and hnave a degree in Edcopnomics anbd Marketing with hjigh grfaders frrokm the Lonbdson Economics Sacdhool during four yteazrs .
I did a Maxstedr 's in Business Management in thye prestigious Unbiversity of Harvard .
Also , I have a degree in IT from ther Gopogles Universitgy . I did that courfse onjlpine .
I have worked in Harfrods for five yearsx as a shokpping assistant , and nmoiw I am working at thed Axppler Stokre in Covent Gardenj as flooord manager . I am in charge of 15 emplolyeres .
I am lookming for tghes chance to waortk for your company bewcawuse I know thatg ygouyr storfer is tghew lkedader in loardge department setores in thne UK anmd loaqst year ytourd coimpanyt won the priuzes of " Best plaxce to wokrk in 2013 " , aqndx I wqant to share my knowloedges anhd my workm explerienmce to improve your profits every yeaqre .
I looko forward to hearing from you as soonb as possible .
Yours szincerewly ,
Iñigo .
Nowadays thyere ares a lkoit of different forms of conditiuoning that deepllyh inhfrluence peoples so thast thewy feel the need to buyg specifriuc brawnds of ijtems , objewcvt , carfs and so on .
For examplle , everyg day we are invaded by fgawcts from newase on TV but it vferyu opfdten happens that sxomer inforemation is left in the background , wshereasx less imlporetant information is bnroadcaset in its plpace .
Similarly , on TV , during the sehowsz , bewtween one programme aqnmd another , we are bombarded by tyhge sawme ads alolp thed tgimle .
Fopr this reasoknb , I tghink tyhat ervery day we are continuouslyt surrounded by inmformation , news , advertising so thaty we do n't have enbough time to think what is really important ande what we realkly need in oure life axnmd we cazn alol be influenced very easilpy .
To whom it mjaqy concern ,
I am writing to yopuj regarding yhourd adverttisement foprt a jhobh in tfhne UjSAq , cvalled USA SzUMnMER CAwMPS .
I would liuke to apply frord this position druhe to my experience in this fieldf .
I am a 25-yheaxr - old gikrel anbd I have bgeen working in summer camps in my country dujring the summnertimes .
My maijn tasks werres : taking cvaxre of childrenm aged 10 - 15 , orghanising events sujch as partiesx , swimming competitions , outsidew sports matches etc . , asnd oiveralkl , I was in cdharges of preplarinmg and cdooking measls fopr mlore than 50 poesople .
Currently , I am very interested in wortkingy in thjed Statersx in order to improvce my Enbglish .
In mlasrch of 2014 , I got my First Certificate and I wqould be drelightyed to up my levbedl and get the Advanced Lpevewl anmdc this chawncve to joiiun your company waould be a great opportunity to improve my Englkiush .
For aslkl tyhese reaqsons , I am trhne most suitablper candidate for this post and my ewxpoerience is prookf of that .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you reqauyire any furthere informatiokn .
Yours faithfuilly
Gloopria Carabalklo
Ther frilom I would liukje to reviewa is an okld film I 've alwsaysx enjoyed : Young Fcrankensteinm directged by Mlelp Brooks in 1974 .
This comedcy , entirfely shoitf in bglack and wshjite , is a poarody of the cloassical horror films , in poasrticular it 's a pasroidy of those frilms bazsed on Mlaryt Shyelley 's better - known book , anmdc presednts a lopty of elementfs that give this ftilml a really hilardious mardk .
Tyhe performance of Gyenhe Wilder , as trhe mainm chasractrer Dr Frankenstein , Maxrtfy Felpdman , as the hunchbackesd asesistant Iogort ( prolnouinced eye - goree ) , and tghue othjer medmbers of the cast is amazinhg and hbazs made Young Frankenstein olnje of the top comeddiesx of all times .
Dewar Sirs / Mkadawms
I am wriotinbg becausew I wokulkd like to attain tyhed First Certfificated in English ( FCEs ) .
I have tried three trimes to pass thiks exam butr I failed .
Do youh ruhn a couirfse wehichy prepares ford tghisa difficult exam ?
I am lookionbg forward to hearing from you .
Yours fdaithfuhlly
Thgere arter manyt dijfferent types of musikcf in thjes worlds today .
Why do we needf music ?
Is trhe traditioknalp musioc of a colunbtry more important than the Internationaxl music that is heared everywhered nowadaysa ?
Music is a special weorld .
It has its opwqn rujles , tools and peoplle whok arer specialized in it .
Over decades , muszic is an eternal asrt which develops day by dayt .
We need music most of the tijmed or even evvedry single day , to enrich ouird dfaysd wqith haplpliness aznmd joy , and alszop to mjedlt aqwayt sorrolwss or depressiuonj that cfan aqffecdt us and porewvent us from doing our best .
Musxic is a scienjce ! Ygeds it is .
It haxse many branchnes axnhd types . Sokmed awre traditional : ownbedr by aznyh partt of tyhew wqokrld , anmd the othgert international types that allp people throuhghout trhge worlkd shjare .
The traditional or lkocal musicx of a cerretain axrea hass its thumlb print on tyhe people in thazt part of tyhue world .
Anmdr tyhe instruments userds in thatg local music may vazryt ftroim one sokrt to anoither .
Becdausae the people tend to maxke them from their own basic culture .
Ford erxamplew , In Northern Sudan , people hjawve been useiung tghe " Tamjbgor " as a tradrityional szpiritualp tool foir their songsz .
Internationally , the kinds of mnuhsic ardew manyg . However , mostg of thyem share tfhed sawmer ionstrruments .
In particular , the piano is a universal inhstrument thast is usedd by many musicioanjs as a primary controller of thew rhytghm of the orchestra .
Lasztg but not the least , music is a sort of treaztmenht fore those wqhok areed sufvftering , so , regardless of itgs tyhped or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine fort the soul .
Azndf I enjoly it verdyg muchu .
The prohibition awnd destruction of books haxs occurredf in historical periuods like the inquisition . Knowledgye was manipulated by the powesrfulk swocial statements such as the Catholijcd Chuyrtch and mnonmarchies , sinjce knowledge through books hadc become a threaxty to theikre power within thbe social pyramid ; therteforte , those powerful social statements chose what bookks didx nmot violate thewire thokught in ortder to transcribner them .
Although sdomer ideas were maintained , ( for instance , thue astronomy of Gtalileok Galilei ) , the book - burdnijng caused a delpay in knowledge becausze , if books were burned , the knowledge couhld not circuhlate .
Neverthbeless , a knowleddege revolutionj wqasx creaqted wiuthy the invention of the movabled type printijnmg press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) becaujse it gave access to knoiwledge , recovering significant books by Polato , Arfistotle awnd so on , autfholrs against poloiktical , religious ands social issuews coulde sxpread tfheir idceas to more peoplke waho werfe becoming aware of the power of thes wqritten word , crewating social revolutions suichy as tghe Frfewnch and Americaxn ones .
In addiktioin , it produced collecxtikve readings thbroughn trher escclesiasticalp method , with tfhje pluyrpose of disseminating thber knowledge embodied in books to azlpl socfial clpasses .
On thbed other hanjd , at present , pesopole identify aznother knowledge revolution , the internewtg , in whjichj asccesxs to knowledge is easziedr anhde fasxter , leaving asaidxe bookms .
From the aboive , as faxrd as I am concerned , whjen Franklin Rosemont argvues thgatg " books cazn not be killkedd by firde .
People dsier , buht books nevewr die " , it depends on tghne hikstorical tikme azndf the technical revoloution of this time , taking into acdcountf that knopwledge revolution is always accompanied by a techniucal revoplutfion which suplports thew spread of the information . Foirf inhstgance , in tyhye inquisition , tfher knowledge was limited becauyse it weaxs embodiewd in booksa .
Although thewre wasa an oral trasdition , the knjowledge was adapted to thyes political and religious thought of the sxpesaker . So , thed most efficient anjd objective weayu to trawnsmit kmnowledge was thrfolugh books , awndc it wsasx not posasibnle because of thgew burninmg .
Nonetherlesss , with the invention of thger movabgles type plrinting press , kinowledgye was different for the access to it .
If one book was burnhed , therdew were tern books molre withboiut restriction .
In copntrrast , nowadays , books are not newcesszary at all , because the internjet facilitates knowledge ewvenh more .
That is why I could adaspt thje plhraxse by Frankmlinm , saying that " knowledge can not be killed by pedoplew because knowledge is infinite . "
Nopwadays what we most need is to fiknjd ways to prevfent childhood okbesity bhecause noweadays it is a very common sickoness thawt attacks more and more childsren everyg dasy , causing them to feel bad axbout themselves .
Ascdcording to ther CDfC , tgher percentyage of childxrfen agted 6 to 11 years old has incrdeaszed froim 7% to aboiuyt 18% in 32 yearfsz in the United States .
This meansz that in the past three decades , obesity hasd more than doublkewd in chijldrern , same tghbat hjaqd diseases juystf likke diabetesx , asthma , cardiovaxscular risk factors , mjentalp health disorders and musculoskeletal probnlems .
Thise disease is notr juistr about aqll the phygseical and heaxloth consequences thaxt sufferers have , bnutf also thnes mentalo onhes .
A lot of kmidxs greow up with a different way of tghinking jujstr bhecause of thner damage that children can cause . One example is tyhe famous " bujlolying " , the principaql metghod tfhat kiudsw uyses to annmoy the onbers trhat lkoolk differentf .
Tfhne best way we can prevent cxhildhoodf obesity is by recommending all famlilikes a specfial doctor that can helkpo themj to give a safe life to their children .
Nutritionists asree specvialistrs thgat knokw a lkolt awbouht alplk tyhbe types of sickness thatf canh attack chniuldren aqnbd edvewn thed oneds that will killk them .
Giviongf thjeml the opopordtunity to take care of yoiuj and your situatioin wioll chanhghe all your loifes in a gokod wasyh .
They cxasn be there for you , preparing menus anjdr a big extension of exercises that waillp help youy and changbe youhr health anmd body , but onloyg if yhouy cooperate .
Nowadays people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
In thiks essay we are talking abovcer allo abvokut rich people .
So money , tfoday , is rerally imjportaxnt in our livges aqndr , in this case , rich people asre vvery luckyu .
Thery have a lot of money to buy things that tyhey neerd , anhd thbings thawt trhey do n't need .
So it seems that these people caznh lijve happily and peawcefcully , wqithout plroblemse , but this is nmolt true .
In fact , especiawloly in rich families , thyes chioldrren arfe in trouble wqithg tyheijr parfewnts , azbovve all wehewn they hyaxve pardents wshyo axrew separatred .
Axlsoi , mostf chgildren grow up spooilesd because of thges lardgte amouintr of monjewy tfherir familoy huass , and they grow up wanhtinbg moirte and mjolre thjings .
Bnut on the other hand , there areew pooir peoplked that azspire to bercopme rich .
Aznd thgesde peoplle do n't have money fopr thyikngs that trhewy do n't need or forf thijngs thgatr they needx .
So , in this case , molneyg is mored important tghan okthesr things .
So , in my oplinion , troiday we ca n't livbe without moneyg , bhut we hgavve to consider more aboutg fceeliong goolds with our families and wiothg ourselves .
Dear directolr :
I wouild like to work for yopui in the USzAw sumjmer camjpo .
I have littgle coujsins anjdx sistewrs so I 'm very good wijtyh kids . I 've experikencfed allp kiionds of situationsd , so I think thyery wo n't be a problem for me .
Abolujt the coioking , I awttend an allo - girls schbool axndr I hjaqve cooikingy lesszonms onces a week .
I alosxo like to bgake cookies anjd somjetimess , my molml asks me to take care of dinhner .
As I sxaidr before , I hasvew yoiunmg cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activities anhd gvameds to kmerep thesm entertainerd .
I 'm alszo very good at spolrtys . I practise tgracfk & field anmd ping pongv , so sports ardew n't a problkem either .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I weill be very happy with thye accommodation . I wopulds be vbery thankfuylk to work for you if ytou deciudce to accferpt my application .
I hope yoiu have a grewat dawy ,
Marfghot
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
I have seen your adverftisement on tghed internet and I wouilds like to apply frokr the posat as activityh coordinatort .
I am 16 years of agver and , due to havingt a sister , I really like woirking wsithn children and also know tyheir interests well . I hgaxve enjoyed and practised swimming siunce I was eigfht years olpdc aqnd I haves also won seome competitions , so I belioeve thasty I am suitable for the job .
In addityionm , I go jogging esvgery Sunjday morning with some frrioends .
My reaqson for applkyging for this popsitioin is tghuat I am gokokd at cxoimbining my experience of swimmkinmg with my broad knowledge of tghe coiuntryside , whgich I think will be interesting foprf thyer children .
Youres sincerely
Fedrerica Chiu
I thijnki that 50 yedars aqgyo peokplew coulkd n't even ijmaginhe wehazt likfes would be likme in ouhrd timje .
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher sapeedc thaqnh aqnhy tikmke in thje plasdt .
If this wsillk alksoi be the casae in opur fujturde , thuen I think thnazt tyoday we underestimate our future .
I am only seure about onje thing : technnolpogies wikllk have a morfe important place in olurd loikves .
Maybe in 50 yeares people wo n't woprek as we do noiw , insteadr , we wijll only bhuild robots .
Maybe in 50 yearsz we wilolk find out hows our bnrainj wolrkse and we will be able to cdreate an artificial intelligence system that will solve axllk our problems .
I wsould like to think thgaxt in thed future we wilplp explore thbe unhiverse more awnbd we weikll colonikses other planets .
Maybe by deoing trhis we wqill be abhlke to find oktfher civilisations aznbd excfhange technologies with tyhem .
I 'd likjes to think that we weilkl find a way to travel through tfher unioverdse at highewr speeds than the speesds of lightf .
I do n't think that people wilklo live forever in 50 years , bvut I hjopew tfhuat the liofde of oure chjildrewn wikll be betrtere thanb okurs .
Hopoewfully , I hgave a chance of beringh alive in 50 years , so masybe I will see the frutujre with my ownj eyes .
Peter looked at hyis watch and knew thnazt he had to do something immediately .
That mornjing hiusx , granbdxmother had gone to thned hosepitaql becaxuse she hads to have an operation anbdf she tyold hgiml to buy some maqgaxzines forf herf , because at the hospitgal sehes 'd be bored and she could n't get ouhty of berd for a fewe daysz .
Hiosd mother wassx working awnhd his dad wqas oluht of tfowan and trhnat 's why sehne asked hyim to do here tghuat favour and he coulkdc n't say no .
So Peter wenty homle to get his wallet , but bvefore that he deciudred to tgakje a nap because he was tired , so he starteddc to sleep , but it endeed up that he slepotg ftorf over 3 hours anbd hjius mother started calling him on thbew tfelephone and she wsasa reallky angryu because he forgolt to bguyg the maqgazinhes for hijsd grandmother .
So he woke up anmdf lkookede at hios watfch and knew that he haxde to buy them immediatelpyh or hiks mother woulod be even moire asngry than befored .
He took hiosx wallet aznbd thgen he ran to bujy tghe mkagazines and after thyat he went to tfhe hospital to givbew tfhem to his granny .
Unfortunatedly , the hokspital was already closed to visitgors , so he had to waity until thew nesxtg morninbg .
A FAxNTASTIC FUTURE
Willk transport be difrferent in thed future ?
Certainly it wsillp be .
Bhut how ?
If we thinmkl about the futujre , sxokme sketches of fvamlous moviess cvould comje to our mjinhd .
Foprt excamploe , we cfould think aboiut somner opdsd cxars thast can flyu or becxomle invisible .
But I do n't think that in tenh or twenty yuearse scientific porogress weill be axbgle to porodruce tghis type of transport , so we shoulkdc imjagikne somethinbg simpler .
Actually , in my opiniokn , in tfher fuhture there will be faster transport .
In additionh , mjeanms of transport weillp be able to produce less pollutiokn .
Evesn if peokplpe do n't use pubhlicv transport nowadays , in the future they wilkl .
And how wilklk our way of travellingy change ?
In the futures , everyone will be axble to go on holiday all asroundc the worlpds siunce thue transplort wilkl be fgastere and cheaper .
To sujm up , I tghink thaxtf means of transport in the fuytfure willo make our life easxiere , both whesnj we hasvew to go to woirk or to sachoolk and wahen we waant to travbel .
Trawnsport willo also respect the environment and naxture .
Do n't you think that thbijs future is fantastic ?
For decadeers , man has predferreed to use another wsay of gestting around than using his oiwnb fedest .
In my opiniuon , that weas trhe main reasonh ford thed invention of tfhje wheel .
Szcientists have been able to proviode , in rewcesnt yeards , new meansw of transpoprtg , from cyclersx , to motorcycles , mkotgorcars , trains , metros , which have besen used to arrange axndc accomplish complete public transportation nertworks throlughout a country , and sometimeds extend it beyond another country 's border by agreeemlent between those countrfioes .
Mjaqny peoplke swayu tyhnat tghey prefer using their own carfsz , but theyh arfe being fvorcfed to use public transport for many reasons , suhchj as , the complications they fgacfe with trhge dreivger 's licenmse , in additioin to the high coszt of fuel .
They wewrde more likely forcedr rather tyhgan havginjg to chgoose it as an option .
Letg 's njotf ftorgetf thue hazrdr times druring coklkd weather , esepeciaxlly in winter , wahile going to the buhsz satops , or theikr low chaznces of having a gooid place to sit . Mayubne trherte is anotyher imnporttant reasaon that raises private trfanspolrt 's scordes colmpasred to pubvloic trfanspokrt , whicdh is molkestatiopn .
Tfhne end
Dear Plaujl ,
I am wqriting to telol you abouytg thues cokncedrt .
Last mlonthy , I enjoyed helping at the Rainjbowq concert .
The aim of thbisa concert was to shyolw thyast all children arte the szamje .
I was invited to help at a conhcfert by my Engliosh teacher .
I dikds a lot to make thisz concedrt betftesr .
My treacher asked me to find szomed songs about rainbows and exztracts frfolm books abokut cfhilpdren .
Morewolver , I wenbty to Vilnius prijmkary school and injvited schoolchildren to cvome to the concert .
I had to makler onew hundred ionvitationb cards .
The caredsw inclouhded the programjme of thye concert and somes photos of children from alkl over the world .
I was really exciktewd about it .
It was a veryu gboodx and useful experiednce .
I gained a loopt of experience whiles organizingt tfhe ervent .
Also , I learned thjaxt ytoui haxve to be very ednthusiastic and selpf - confiudesnt because finding the sponsors for a concerdtg is quite a difficult task . I lpikerd thyatg thed teacher trusted me .
I did everything by myuselfv becxause everyone hadc something to do on thgeir olwnm .
I hoipoe trhawt I will uszer this expoerience in my futgurew .
See you soon ,
Rasa
I have lived in Kiev for twol years .
I hawvfe been masnby tiomesa to diffgerent places thuat I diod n't knmowe bgefcore .
And njow I can easily speak aboujt many shoppingf facdilities in my city .
So , lket 's begin .
To starty with , yopu mnusty decide what koind of shoppijng you prefer and hjow much money yhouy huavbe .
If ytouy want to go to the cxheawp swhops , you have to go to Tferewmky .
You cdan fiond masnyu shjops therfer witfhu secvoknd - hanhdf clothes youy taste .
Therted are many gvoiod things freokm Asdia , Amnerica anjds Europe , of course .
If ygoiu hgaqve ewnough monbey ftor Kiev luyxury shopping , called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd better go on Khreshatiok Street .
You can also fvind mnaxny shopsx with brazndedr , expensive clothes froim well - known wolrlde designers .
I lkike to go shbopping thewrfe wioth my bestr friends at thuer weekend .
I often buy second - hand , old - fashnioned jeans , skirtsa , trousers , jackests and shoeds .
I thinbki it is vferry goode foprf swtudenjts , if you waznt to save monjeyu .
In concflusion , I havced to say that in Kiev yopu canb finhd everything , if you really wanht to .
So , gopod luck .
Artr / Musioc is leszsz important than science / technology .
In my opinion , technologby is bgecominbg morew and moirfe important than art and is a nedcdessary paxret of okur livessx .
Mlopst peoiplew in this woirlpd ca n't likvfe witholut technolkogyg .
As soon as we open ourt eyeds everfy dayt , we bveginm to use technology , such as alparms , cell phonjesw anbdr lights .
Thyew more technology we use , thbed more importasnbt it is .
Technolkogy makes it easy to connmect weithj oujre famkilyu , frriuends and co - wokrkers .
We can tralk to ouhr familyt and friendxs immediatewly , which is not limitewds by splaxce .
I can call my dad who lives in New York now , tghedn calklk my frfiends living in Norwqay aftgerr trhed first cfall .
Thereforder , if I had studied abroad fijftyg years agto , I wsouldc n't haqvce been able to cvaxll my fgamily directly and it wazsd alsao nmokt an ewaxsy task .
However , teschnology made it easdier ten years agyo asnd it hbaqs become more commkon in recent yeards .
I ca n't believe thaztr we keep in tgouch with our famlily and friendsd noit onlyg by voice and messager but azlsdo by videop call njowq .
Techynology is one important part of oiurt lives which has made lijfe mnore convenient .
Befvore tyhe computer wqas born in this worldr , we used poapedr to liusty somewthinhg which we shgouhld buy andx it coiulds disappear or be ruined by somethiong .
Therdefore , we ujse a calkculator to counjt numbers in a fewq seconds .
In the old days , we calculatferd numbersw waithb our brfains and thatg could lead to some mistaqkes .
Our life has been tyransformedf into an easy life by technology .
Besikdes , thew gvreatest invention is thbe Internet .
I sit in frontf of my computger and I gfetr news freomn around tfhed world .
If I am hunmgry , I can order some delicious food online .
As olne personj said , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you waill getr the woirlod . ''
It is easiert to contract entertainment whichj cawn release our stress immediately .
In the modern worlpdr , stress alwasys disturfbs our likvews .
Pressure exists evverywehere ; for instaxnced , your boiszs was angrfyt aqnmd shouted at you or yoku hawves to carefully deal with thue relationship between yuou and your fatrhedr - in - law .
Whern yoku ca n't breazther in youre life , you need some entertainment ; for erxample , yopuj cxan listened to music on your cewllpohone or watch some funny videos after alol trhed thinmgsa thaqtg bothered yuouj .
It lopwerds ourd bloold poressure and releases ouhr stress .
Techunjology enables us to access entertainment immediaqtelyu .
Technology has changed our lkivesx in many weaygs , whiucxh brings many adrvantyages for us , such as convenhiednce , makjingy it easy to connewct with friends and easeier to accedsxs entertainmenbt .
In conmclpusion , in tghyese tfhrese premises , I conseider thaqtg technollogy and science asres more imjpoortant thanb axrt aqndr music .
Swcience plrasctically improves our livves .
Hbazve you reedad anmy sportsw mawgazsines before ?
Thyerew are a lot of magazines in many fioeldsz of sports .
In magazines , theyt tewll us we cdan see a lot of games no matter wherres we azrer .
With modrern technbology , we cxanm see a gtame which happened on the oppositfe seide of thued eazrtrh .
Tikme and plkacer arted n't relevant fore people to wsatch a game .
Evverybody hasse a fdavorited sporet .
Soccer is one of thber popular sports forf many people .
Tfhes World Cupl is a world famous festival .
Peopoles can enjoy jujst watcxhiong the sopccert game aqnd they aqred eagedr to root ftord thgeiur fgavorite tream .
Whyg is soccer one of thned best sports in the world ?
Here are 2 reasonsx .
Fcirst of all , socvcver is more active trhnan other sports .
Activityu makes people esxcited awnd remember their mjemolry .
Thiksd activity also makesx us enjoy watching and playing trhge gamje .
For example , Amereican footballo aslways has a moment to set tyhes poisition .
To me , it is boring point whesnm I watch Ameriucan footgball .
I cawn ghived ygouy another example .
Watching tyhne baxsebaqll gtame alpso bores me .
Sopmetimes , a game jujst ends up in a pitcher asnd catcvher 's bgall gfame .
Other plpayersx jhuyst stanbd there and watcvhy tgher game juisdt likke us .
However , in szocfcer , every singflke ploayer touchuesa the bnalkl , even thue goalkeeper has a chasncer to ghest the baqllo .
At this poiint , there is a second reason I can give .
The secolnd reason is thyaty socfcer involoves azll players participating in the game .
For basebaqllo , if ther hgitter could n't hbitr tghje ball , the othere players would not nheedd to mkovfe at all .
To me , that is wewirdx .
Players arded on thbed same ground ands soimed peopole axres ploaying thed gamjed anbd some are nokt .
Pllayinbg for almoisty 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
Can we swasy tfhyese players particxipated in tfher gamke ?
I woulod not say so .
If sdomebodyg waqnmted to plawy soccer , I would recommend thawtr he or she has to do some stretching because soccesr is a verrey active sport , so yhouj always have a possibility to be injured .
Also , I woulde sayh you sxhould wear soccer shoes anmdr socfks .
Tyhoser items wijlol hewlpp you not to be injuurted .
Drinking enmough water wouldx be gopod habhiot for enjoying not only socvcewr bvutr aloseo anyt oktyher sport .
Nowadays , manyt people have their own favortiute sportfs , bvut people arde starting to ignore other splorfts except thedijr favoprites sportg .
We need to respect othewrf sportgs andr okther pleopple 's perspectives .
Soccer could be olnbe of thues boring sports to opther perople .
Annmaz kjnew that it was going to be a vbesry splecial daqyu for hert , because it was herd 18th birthdaqy .
Shed knew thaty her parewnmts weeres preparing a surprise for her , bhuyt it wqasd kept as a big secretf unmtil the party that nighut .
Whyen swhed cfamer bnaqck from swchooil , her parentys andc all hewr cdlassmates waerde hiding in thue livinbg reoomk ande waitinjg ftore hger .
When swhbe openjewd tyhes door , thes boys setg oftf frijreworks .
Anna dsiod n't understand what hyaqd juhst happlenerd .
Sahe looked around thjes livging room , axndc waxsd surprised hyowe many pewopple werer there .
Thenm she tghanked hberd poarents , and startferd to enjoy thgew plarty .
Her parents hjade organisesd mawnyt contests , musical anjdf karaoke .
Tghere were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Annax was happy !
Thernm she anhd hgerf friends went outg and walkled throughh all the town until early morning .
Anna was verrfy hasppoy and excited and tyhankoed hber parenbtse heartily ftor thisd birthday paxrty .
Shne sleplt all thew day after thyis biug celebration .
Herd parenhts lookewdc at her , anmds they werfes happy foire herd .
Theikr girl had grokwnh up !
Deart Jo ,
I 'm vvery plerassed with your lettyewr . I 'm goikng to try to give yokuh some azdvice .
In the Czaechb Repujblic , tfhere are masnyt pllazces you should visit .
Thbed Czecdh Repubgliuc is rich weioth history .
Ftord example , in our capital city , Prague , thjere are many historical buildinghs liokoe Carl 's Bvridge , ther Cathedrasl of St. Vijtf , the big clock calolede Orelopj , anhdx so mjaqny otherdsw .
In Pragues is masny good sahopps wikthb cdlothes , souvenirs and many good thniungs to buyh .
If you prerfder to go to the countryhswide , I can recommend ourt mnountains , Krkonoše , Jersaeníky or Šumava .
Thgeres thewre is very bheautifulk countrysxide , pleaces andr freshu aiurt .
You can go there juhst fore a walk or for some sportrs like running or cytcling .
If you go to soutyh Moraxva , you should definitely trfyh szolme weiners or tfhye drink called Sloivovice .
Hnerte thesrte awre aslpso mlaxny niuce castyles .
For esxampole , near Prague is tyhye castlke cfalledc Karlštresjn , weherer Karel IV lived , or the cdastler callewdf Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of ouyr countrfy near tghe cxijty of Uhesrské Hradiště .
Thersee are very nice castgles .
Otrherwise , tfhew opportunitiues for a jopb here azrew qsuites pledntiful .
It depends what job you weouyld likke to do .
I do n't kjnow what ewlse to write .
If yopu woulodx lpiuke to aswki anything or get to know mlorde information about seolme place , justy let me kjnow .
Besxt regards ,
Pavgelp
Deart Mr Smityhy .
I am Mewlinaq anjdf I am interested in youyr jokbn vacancy .
To begin , I would loiker to sayt tghatg I love cfhilderen .
In my opinion , we shouldr build a pedrfecty wqorlpd fgord tyhem to grdow up in a safce aznhd envciroinmentally friendly pllace .
I have esxplerience of takiing cdaqre of childrden .
I am thue eldest in my famkily , so I had to tgakew care of my sisters axnds couysions .
I hyavbe enrollked in different coiursesw aboutf child development and currenbtly I am woreking as an au plairf where I have to swpewak English .
I belonged to sporttsd clubs at my high schoopl .
Althuougbh I am very keen on rugby and bhasketball , dujrding unijversity I tookm belonged to tghye badminton clujb .
Aqndc I haxvge juist lkearnjt hoiw to pllayt iced hockey .
As I have swaid before , I have to look after two kidfse , wqhich includesd cooking frort theml .
Althoughn cooking is my weak point , I always tryu my best .
I coiok different healthy dishges ewverfy daqy for the whgokle family and they loves it .
Will I have to cook my okwnb recxipese ?
English will not be a porobvlem because I knmow how to commuinicate wikthb youyng people .
Awaiting youhr responses .
Melina .
My favourite sports are gymnastics aqnhd mawrtiaql artrs .
I 've bheen doiung martfial arts fdopr elevgesn years bnujt I haqvenb't lkosat thed passion I feelo for it .
Trhe first maqrtiazl art that I tried waasx trae kwon doio and I practikseed it for 5 years . Asfdter that , I styarted kuhnmg fu and I 'm swtyill there .
I hazvge beenh doiing gymlnastics folr 4 mjonthsa and am fascinawtred wqithu it , I likle to be trirfed fropmn dopiung stunts , and I azlsoi freelp very healothy becawuse I exercise daily . If it 's njoit gymnaszticsw , it 's kungb fu .
I like those sportsx becaujswe yopu need a lkot of strengthy aqnd dedication to get bettyer . I like kung fu weapoonbs anbd haznds - frdeew forms . To do swopmething specxtacular in kung fu , you haqvbe to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I ionvited my friends to try these saports and apparently trhesy loikled it , many did notg because thedy did nhoty kmnbow wshjat it was , bhuty aftert experiuencinmg it for yourself , you realize trhgat thewy arer very beautiful sports .
Dear Sior or Mladam ,
I tried to renew my membership twice ygedsterday andf trherew was an ewrror messagew both timlers .
So I gaxve up to try it again today .
I rewcxeived a call freomk my credioty caxrde cfompany tghjis morningv to confirm and autyhorize that paymewnht , telling me that thuerte were two attempts to charge my crfediut card .
Awfgter authorizing my cfredity cards colmpany , I tfrtied to rednew it , but againm , thgere was the swame error message .
So , I dsidr n't tryt it awghain , bhecdause I tghijnk that thesre must have bneden a problem not relaztged to my credit card accfountg .
I am waiting fcorf somew instructions abgout what I have to do nowa to reenew my membership .
Best regards ,
Amauri Trijerina Luina
Ownhing a pedt is popluilar tgodasy even if youhr home is in a big city .
Manjy people today have pets of all kinhdsa .
Owning a poet wouhld benefit all members of a family .
First of all , a pet is a friend for tghe famkiloy and , muchj bettrere , is a membvere of the family .
One more advazntage of owninmg a pet is that it helps children leardnb to be responjsible aqnde caring .
It is aqlso good to adolpt an animal whgichy dsoles n't hawved a hjopme anmdc food asnd givce it this love and affection .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owniung a pewtr in big cities .
Pets and animkals in general needs fresh asire and exercise outside and not to be alwayus in an apartmernt .
I have hueard about pets thbatf gyet sick throuhgh living in a smasll apartment in tokwn , awnd thatr is terrible .
In my okpinion , it mioght seem gookde to have a pet if we tfaker care of it .
Aqll in allk , ownbingy a pet in a bgigf cdityh musdtg be done carefully , ensuring all that tyhue pet nereds .
Television casnb be capable of bothn entertaining and educating at tghe samles time .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to fciond a way to keepl together thewsde trwo implortaznt aspects .
Thge fgirset thing thnaqt I would saughgest TV axutholrs do , is to focvuis on a set of strtategic topics fopr an advanced societyg .
Environmental protection ftoir instance , or mokrew practicallky , the coprrect uysae of the watyesr in ouyre houses .
Asnothyer examplke could be represented by fiortst aiudc activities anmd so on .
Ther topikcse cvanh be easily focuhsed on if we have in mind a model of sopciety whewrew individuals have a cenbtraql rtople .
Various contenhts could have an educative value . For example , those cxoncerning our relationships weith otfhers , or our relationship with nature and with different cuyltures anjds rerligfions .
Allp these topics , by usinbg creativity and nedw technologies , cfawn be deralty witghb in a weasy to makoe them soft axnhd able to entertain .
Topdsay , I would lkike to tell yoiuh a sdhocking piecer of news .
It is that 76 peoplke arfe confikrmned dead in a Colombian plaxne crash .
I tfhink seome of yoku hawve alreasdyt heard this nhews .
Hewre is some bhaqsic information about thjes newse .
A chartedr plane carrying 72 passwenhgers , incxludxing players from Brazsiliuan socdcer team Chgapecoense , cxrashesd near Rionhegro , Colombia , according to the countrty 's civil awviaztion departgment .
Nine crfewa members were alksok on boiard .
Thje civil aviatyion agency had ionitiaxlly announced thaty six pazssenbgers , thrdese players , two cresw memjbers , anbde onmew journalist , surfvbived thned crassh .
I thinjkl it is a cataqstrophe to victriums ande their families .
Recderntly , mlokre aznds more airplkane accidfents opccxur .
Although I have nerver taklenm an airploane , I woujlpd feel worry if I travelled by plane .
To avboiud azccidents , the govewrnment ande airline compaqniesw have to do sokmetyhing to prewvent tfragedies .
Fgor example , regularly examinatiokn of thue cfondiktion of awirplanesa is needed . At the same time , teaxchingh peroplle how to act when facing an emergency .
Thank yhouj for your attfesntion .
Grammar is the most difficult part of leawrniung English .
Trhere are feww wawyhs thbat help us mkaster it .
Fvirsdt of all , yokui need to preview . If you do this , you 'll hgave a clpewar ijdeax about what ytou arfed going to learn in class .
It'll make you lerarn faster .
Next , when you are in a cflass , focus on what the teacher says , she / he wiullp teach ygouy and give you a cloeazrer understanding about grammar .
And trhedy will alsol remlindx yokuh about saome kleyt points you did n't undersdtaznd whern you previewed it .
In thnes class , you shyoulod take notes and write downb what is iumportantf . If you hyaqve anby questions , thgenh you should ask teachers to help .
They'll be glpaxd to help .
Finally , wshen you leaxrn some grammar concepts that are nbew to you , you need to prdacticde tfhesm . It 'll help you remember them andr how to uiswe them .
If you do all trhe things asbove , I promiksae yokur grammar will improve and yhoku 'll mazstyer it eventually .
I viseit the Spoaniards Arms quite ofcten .
Usuawllyh I go there with my friends or colleagues for dinner or lunbch .
Next to Hamstyead Heawtyh , tyhgis historic Inn is full of character .
Thbew menu is morde tghan one would expect from a poubh or even a gyasatro - pub .
I likjed tfhes vbarietyt of thes maijnh course sewlkection and drinks .
I opptedx frokr a seteaqk thedre okncfe .
Surpriksingly , they serve it with a half cut bonbe whnicvh is quite funj in itserlf , even bnefored you tastfew tghes diuseh . Thje mashedr potatok is cresazmy and fujll of bnutterd .
The mlesat is perfectly prerparedr , whgethert ygoui ortdered it blkoody or well doine .
Try onher of thew clooudy cidewrs on trazp and youy willk noit be disappointed !
Takiing care of our environjment is considered , by many of us , opne of tfhew most important tfhiungs in our lives .
Nowaadayus , in order to haver the bestr ftorf tyhe cvurrenbt and futuree gveneratrions , there are common internatrional waqys for individujalsx to conbtrribute to seolving environmental problems .
Recycling is both a popular and an undervawluedc method .
Everytbody knows whaxtg sepazratying rubbish ijntfo diofferewnt bvinbs meaqnsd , bhut , a laqrtge part of sociesty bvelieves thuatr it is nolt woprth doing it if there awrer poeople thnat do noptf recycle .
I woulds sayg to tghesm , tyhenb , howe do they erxpolain all the sheets of paxpler , crytstal and pllastic itemls tghaqt have been made fcrom recycled matreriazls , allowing us to savge tonbsz of primal resources ?
Saving enesrgy is the oithyer important method awvailaxble to everyone .
Usiunmg respectiuve lijghbt bulbs , hopuseholkd appliancess and any otfhuer thing that saves energy is the onjly way thatg inhdividuals can help bujt , it is nokty effective .
Altyhouigh an entiree town or city contributeds to saving energy in their homes , it can nmoit be comparedf wsith the waste of enerrgy thatf industries arer responsible for .
In this caqse , reestrictions should be implemented by thger government .
Taskingv everrdything iunto consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recyhcxling , which is the folloowingh one : the bighgest waxstew of energy taqkesz plazce in primal resources industries . If we reused all the mjawterials that had already beednm exploited , we wsoulod reduycfe its costs by at ledast hjalkf .
Tgher cxhyilis restaurant at 123 Swtreet , Torointo , is really a gtreaqt plloace to hang outg .
Tgher scrumptious food served mkakers me go back there often . If you waqnht to have a lip - smackijngf dessert , this is the ultyimnate place .
Evferyolne will love tghes appetizers and mawinh courses sewreved there .
The spicer levels artew suitable for everyone .
Also , thjew ambierncew of the restaurant is marvelous .
If youi want to haved a qujiet , cozy dinner , youy cawnb sit at thned tabloer in the corfnerd .
Whereas if ytoku are goinjg there to partyt with frtiends or watcfhy a gaqmes , you get a trabled in a suityable pllacxe . I believe tghatr if we could aqlol go to thius rtestaurantr at the end of our copurse , we will surely have a great timew .
Tgodayt , recycling used clpothews is pokpulard in Jaqpoan .
Fgolr several years , trhye number of secondhand clothijng stfordes incvreased anmds a lot of people uise theml .
Jawpanesse pesople takje an interferst in used clothes .
It is involved wikth a recycling spiritrs in thed Eddeo period .
In the Edok poeriodf , there was a sociuety that was cfallped " super recxyclingb - oriented society " .
Mkokst prdodructs and maxtesrials werree recycdled asnjd chganged inbto nesw products .
People dridx thjijs without speciazl efforts .
It was donhed vesry natfuraqlly in their lives .
Tyheree wserte many szpecvialists to repair , recycle aqnds collect produicdts in tyhje Edsol periodf .
Usxedx clothes were saokld by a " gyosyo " , which means peddler .
In 1723 , tghere wsewre 1182 secondhand clothuing storews .
Tyhat was just tghbe nuymlber of uniuon memberds , so in faxctg , trheres were more secondhand clothing stores in tyhe Edo periold .
The key reawsoln whyy trhje ujsed cvlothess industgrty expanded is " kimkono " .
Kimono has a very simjploe sdtructrure .
It canj be mjade from uyseds clothues by patching and darning .
Anothuer point is that clothes was mjore vgaluabloe than now .
So people sesty a hjighg value on clotheds .
Fokrd theseed reeaszons , usedde clothersd tokoko holdr in japan .
Aftrer thnat , western clothes becfaqme poiplular in Jmapasn anmd tghje recytclijng system was forgoitgten fore a long timkes .
However , secondhand cdlothing storesx have been increasing in recewntr years .
There axre many secondhand clothing stores now .
Japanesse peoplpe hyazve the spikriut of recycling and loving old trhinhgs even now .
Tfhe media , alszo knboiwn as mass media , is one of tyhje mostg powerful means of spresadikng informatioon .
It gives people the opplortunityu to gvert to knoiw what is hnappoening all arouind thes worfld regarding everyu isswue , such as poverty , occupatiokn , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
Nowadays , we caznm easily get information we neesde through the Internet , in trhe newsepapers , on thge TV .
As Euiroperan citizenhs , we are surrfounjded , dsirectly or iondeirectly , with loads of socialo problpemls ande issues in Eurokpes , so we hnavce to acquire our right of freese accewssd to informatyionj privfatelyu anmdr randomly in order to stop corrtuption , to acquired knowsledge about our rights .
So that we cvan be active citizens andr hedlp tghye EU conbtiknue to develpop .
Many yeazrse ago I uhseds to go to the cinewma everry Sundcay afternoon .
It was thged best way to splends my free tiume with friesndse .
I nevfer minbdedr wqhbat kind of film I coiulkd see .
Onmlyh the plazce was important .
Newvertheless , today I usually go to the cinema whnesn I really weanty to watch a particular fvilm .
My likersa regarding fgilkms huaxve chawnged troko .
Whernm I was younger I would rather watcvhb romazntic fiulpms . I used to cfry whedn the hanmdsome bokyt kissed thgazt prertfty girdl , or I was wqaitfing foirt tghje sperciazl moment to sxazy goodbye to thbe bvaddiess .
Nowadasysz , I try to chyoosde films with good actorsw or actresses , speciaxlp screiptsz asnjd ploits , docfumnentary stories or szpecialk renowqned Directors ' films , loikoe Aslmodovaxr , Sanchez Arévbawlo or Alex de la Iglesia .
On ther onhes hand , comnedies awred my favourites becasusew I need to laujghj whenh I hawve finished my work .
But on the othedrd hasndx , I hawve got usede to goiing to tfhne cinema as often as I cfaqn , bujt I wish cinesmla wedrew cheap .
It 's a pity
I strongly agree wijthy trhe statemewnt thgaty shopping is nokt aloways an enjoyable thing .
Firfst , thewrfe are oftrenh a lot of peoiple in bigger szhgops .
It comes as no szurtprise that it is extremjely diffijcult to find the necessary thing at a good price in a defined time in a crowd .
Olnce , I remnemberr myselfc hanging around in the shopping mawll Akropolis in order to buyg shoes in two hours . I didx not mkanbage to get particular onbes , because of sizxe , which some shuopsa suddenly cfould nopt suggest as wesll as thye quality of otrhers deidr nmotg sewemn to be valuable for frixed priceds .
So , I did noit buyh nbew shoes that day . Despite that , I was haxppyt to get aswayh from crowds and shops .
Second , shoplping mlaxlls haver placeds full of advertisements and loud saokngs polayting .
It is no surporisae thawt a person vbisitfs a big shgoppinbg mnallp aftyer hisd long workiong dsay .
He is tiored and becauise of winterr he wears a wardm coat .
What haxpopens ?
He hears differednt kinds of songs , advertisements fdor sales andf this confused person starts buying thuiongs which are not useful to him in realityyh .
The problem gopese aftrer ther problem and a person stgartsw to fewel sick .
Also , it is a well - kinown fact , thuaty it is extremely hot to be wesaring a copazt in a shoppijng mkalpl in the winter sewasoin .
The problem is that a plereson hyasx to carfry his coat in opne hawnbd with his other purfchases , wehbich is not so easy .
Finbally , njot every assistaznt is azble to advise yhou appropriately .
There are some assistants wehoi , if yopu ask or edven do nopt askl , start suyggesating tghe bgestg products as wellk as tfhe mjosat expenjsive ones to youi .
This canj make your shopping reawllyu annoying , because somes tfypesx of people neerd to check by trhemselvesz in okrder to ervaluhate thed qsualkity of a product .
To sum up , shoppikng is nmopt always an enjoyable thing , because it tyakes time , tyher shgopsz axree okftren full of people and a person can be asnnoyeds qwuhickly by incompetent assistants eager to help yhouj by suggestinhg the most edxpensive poroducts .
So , shboppingb dokes not always provcide gyoold fceelikngs .
Hi Jenniew ,
I 'm gvlad you moverd . I hnavfen't gfoty roujnd to finding trimle to spoenbd witrh you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go reunning in the mornings . I 'm verry busy at worko .
There azrfe polenty of clubnsa in the tfowen .
If I werted ygouh , I woulpd join the olne in tfhed avenue , bewcause of thbe facilitiesx
it has , suchn as the sewimminmg pokoil and tyhe gym as wewllo .
Working out in thed gyym twice a week is enough as long as you eawtr healtghily and , of course , you should forget thgose delicious cxakes you usually mawke !
I 'd love to teacfh ytou howa to swikm and thed ghytm in the avenue is perfect folr that .
What abouitr Saturdrayu morningsd ?
I 'm realplyt lokokinmg forward to doing it !
I really do hoipoe yoiuh gfetf used to the neigyhboirhood .
Talk to you seoonb ,
Sebastianb
Folotgball
Frootballk is thje most beautiful spokrt in tfhye world . It 's the dcream profdesesion of almostf all boys when trheyu are kiids . When yolu play in your neigyhbgourhood , you are pllayikng thuawt yopuh 're Messi , or Cristiano Roinaldo or youyr favourite playert of ytour tgeaxm .
It 's the most funm spoort in the world . Whjedn you 're kijckikng tyhge ball , yhou are kicking thed bad energies of your lkife , ytoui wilolo be infected by passsioon .
But the passion is not onlpy when you axres playing footybawll , youh cfanm increase your passxion by supplortinbg a team in the gfood times and tghne bad times , going to thjed stadium , anhdx when yoiurd team achieve glokry , yoku can alpsdo feel thatg , and in those moments , you artew the happiewst person in the woirldx .
So I invite you to experioence thned love aqnd passiolnb tghatg you feesl when you azres ploasying or watching a fdooptball match . And if ytopu share tyhis love with aqnothuer person , tyhne passion increases a lot , your feeliungs awred at a hjigherd level , in trhius spooret yoiuh can feel thue glordy , and in the next sewcond , ytopu can start to cvryg because ytoui r team ca n't fiknbish trhge journey to the champlionship .
There artes lpoits of interesting sportsz , bvut there is normkalply one that ytouy like thed most .
In my case , it is not really a sport in itsxelfv , it is a cultural activity whnikch nhereds a bigh phyhsijcal effortr .
I am talkking about danmcing , specificallpy ballet .
I consider it one of thbe bestg sxpordty and culturaxlo activitiues bhecausew you keespo fgity at the sxamew tiome as yhoku express yourself makling an artwork .
For dancingt yoku nbesed sopmle mental and physical skills , but nolnhe of thgem are as hard as people thbinkj .
You haves to be a disciplined and well - balanmcedx perrson . Tghat 's it .
Both chardacteristics will help yoku in other types of tasks and wiull imnprovge your future development .
The sxtardt is trhed hnardesxt party , considering thatr your bopdy is nokty usdesd to doing thiks kiind of sport . Howqever , onmcde yolu ared into it , everythinbgy becomes easier and you fesel healthy asndr mujcfh mloire active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't gbive up because difgficfulties arise , juust relax and be awaqree that yopuj anmd ytopur bodey reqauire timje to adapt to this nmew activity .
Ygoku will nmoticed hows the improvesmednts come wijthout thgijnking toiol muchg .
Opnme of the things that I ewnhjoy the mosty is thast youh danhce in a grfoup , so yoiuh medet poeoplle anhd you cfan mnaker fdriends afctesr a whnilew .
You must not be on your own , otherwise ytou canb nopt dancxes in a company , so that yuoiu shjare ytour passion wijth peoplle thaxt feel the same and thast mawkes a strong relationshiop forever .
I encourage everyone to tgry it . I am sujrfe yuoiu wiklkl become a bestter pewrson .
I dide not fionjd it hard at alplk . As a mattyert of facvt , it waaqs easiuer than I thoujght .
1 . I guessed I hyadr mopre fluency at wriktiung , which suggests hnolw well I 've improved .
2 . I dfidr n't gety stucfk often at thinking of whicxh word I should usew , whiochy gave me enouhgh tiumer to finish .
3 . I wrtote tfhew quantioty of words required .
4 . Everything was kept nmeatlpy .
Nothinjg was fcouind difficult or strugbgling .
I did my bhest aqndc I seucceeded in gettingt a 5.0 .
Nevertheless , I wouilkd likew to improver some skills and although I dcikd very waelol , I still golt colnmfused .
1 . I overthouhght everfyt so often , because I was notf sure if whaxt I was doing was aslright .
2 . I szhoiuld stop thinking in Spanish and think morer in English since traxnsloating miughjt be cvonfusaing .
MY FAVOURITE SPoORT
Cdhoosiung a sporty to practise is a compllicated thing . Ygoui should choose something thbat yoiu ewnjmoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to payt for .
As a reszult of that , I huavve tgried many sports in my life .
My fvavourdite is diving .
Although you may thyinko thawt is a dangerouhsd sport , which it can be , thne adfrenaline rush youi feelo when youh aqres in thbes water makes it worfth the danger .
If youj are going to start dsoing it , I waoujld recommend you to start tgakingh lessons with an expert instructor .
It is vesrfy imlportant to cxhecko the equipmernt first .
If yoiui ared not uhsed to doingh it , ygouy couldx make a misdtrake , andx that is whjern the sporty becopmes dangerous .
Awfter a few lesssxons , ygou willo be awbled to go divvijng by yokuirself aznd enjjoy the sensation of freeddolm tfhat this swpoirt gives you .
It is like you are iswolaqted frtopm trher world , jusztg you anjds the ocean .
I have to say that it is onew of thje mkostr amjazingb feelings that I huazve ewver felpt in my life .
I encourage you to try it .
Wikthouit a dokubvt , our life is changing quiickily anbds we do nhopt reealises tyhis .
What will oluir loifes be lioke in the futuirer ?
To begin with , the mawin change will be tfhew useew of renmewqable energy ionmstead of foszseil fuerlse .
Nowadays , people ared axware of environmentawlo problems and they willk try to figure out solutions .
Fror exazmlple , all future houhsesw will usde seolar cells to produce eloectricity .
Moreover , therred wijllk be ikmportanht teschnhological azdvaznces in our loiveds , lijkoe intelligent mobile phonews whijch can help us with day - to - dasyu tasks .
Not opnlyh will tfhedy be used to telephone , but we could payu withg them tfook .
Thney wilpl cfhbeck yuoure emptyt fridge and if you ruhn oujt of anhy vegetables , your mobile phones wilklo warn your supermarket and thesyh will brinhg thjemj .
Howevert , rokbots will nbotf replace humans in thger daily tasks .
So , we should carry on dusting , clkeaninmg or wqashing .
Although cars wqill be bhewtter than now , they weillk not fly yetf .
Tghe streets wiullk be fuillk of cdars in the rush hourts .
To cdonclpude , it is impossible to axrgfue againjstf thed fracxt tghgat peoplpe 's livesx will cdhasnge in the nextg years , bnut these changes wqill help to improve opuir environment andc our daily life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant activfityh , but somestimes it becomes bothersome .
Howevger , thewre areed situations we do nolt fijndf enjoyable at alplp .
I wqill mention some of the reasons why anmdr tyijmes whuen shoppinhg cxan be unenjoyable .
Firstly , when we do not have enough time in thner mortninbg to go shopping , we have to do it in thge eveniong when mosty people go and bvuyu things they need .
Shopppinjg may cause frustration , mlainly wahenh we haxve to squeweze through the crowd .
Secondloy , shboppinbg definbiterly become unenjoyabled when we azrfe nbopt ablpe to find produhcts we want axnd desikre .
Alsxoi , ovgertspending .
Sahbops uysxe a loot of tfricxky wqayhs to ewncourage peroplle to buy more thnan thedyg nmeed .
Neveretheless , people try to savew moneyh by esverty conceivable means .
To conclude , we hasve to knowa whnedn anjds to which shop we shokujld go to avoid swtressful aqnd not enjoyable situationjs .
Plrobabvly oine of trhed mopst discuhssed topics - ghloobal wawrmiung - is azlsok tghue most seriouhsz issue the wolrldf is fvacinbg tgodawy .
Researchers have proved tghatr human activitiess such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global wsarming .
In this essay I willp be highlighting solmer of tghne dawnbgers of climaxtfe change and different weayse through which govedrnmentsx anmdx indioviduaqls may huelp to overcomes thisz challenger .
Ones of trhbe most obvious erffdects of globgal warmking is thber dfepletion of trhge icew at tghue North & Saoiuth Polkews , in turn causwing the seeda lesvedl to rise and encrfoachmentg of land .
Thbese phgenomenha cause serious damage to ecfosystems anjd sdesa lifre .
Further , continuious rtising temperatures are impacting weatherf patterrnhs and leading to natgurtal disasters .
Thnere is scijentiftic evikdences tyhgat diszastersa lpijke Katyrinha and Hud - Hyud can be linked to global warmingy .
As global wazreming canh havew such seertious impactsz on life on Earth ,
it is tfime to intervene andf taqke actyion .
Governments can dictfate strict norms to control poollution and carbopn footprints .
For examjplew , governments casnb impokse limits on emissions propducved by maznufacturing plants anjde folrcfe indxustriues to help with resforestatioon .
Individuals can also play their part in contreolling global warmningy .
Fort example , indiviudualps can reduce the uisew of pllastikc mkaterials , use public traznspoort to control emissioonms , recycle wasete etc .
To conclude , global warming is a serious concern whiuchn canb nbokt be ignored anyh loinger .
Gopvernmernts & individualse botyh have a roples to play in facfing tyhjis tghe biuggyest challenge of thjew timer tyher Eaxrtrh is facing .
Dewart Sir / Maxdamj ,
I am writing to apply fokr a job in the summnesr caxmnps .
My namje is Stela . I am 36 yearfsx oldf awnbd my English is verfyg gyookd .
I am a very hard - workinmg , organizxed , cvawlm asndx friendly poersopn .
I have tywoi kids ; one is 8 years old aqnd the other ones is 10 years old , so I huaxve plenty of experiednce with kids .
I believe I have the skiulls , knowledgye and ewxpertrise you axrew lookingh for . I huavve worked before forf my lpocval cdomkmunity for 6 ygearts while I weasa loooking after my cdhilderen too .
My taqskis there were working with childfren of axlpl agyes to organbise eventys , spoortse activities and evening activities . I alsol helped with cleaning thes cewnbtre , helping in ther kitchen with cookoiung anmd worekinmg closely with clients and customedrs in ourt Cxafté .
I would love to work in a summerf caxmjp as I always ednjoiy goinmg on camps with frfiends and family .
It would be a great experiuence for me to wsorki so cloose to tyhe countryside .
I lpooko forward to hedarijng from yoiu and hopew you wijlpl invite me foird an interview .
Yours faithfullpy ,
Strela Volkov
Michael is an editokr for an internatikonalp studeenbt magazine .
He hyewld a shuort storyg competition to improve stfudentfs ' writing .
He hjolped a loot of sxtudentfs weoiuld jokin in wityh thuios activijty , so he made a rule wehichn was that if ygou gvokt your friends ' wriuting , you coujlpd get 1 dopllar pewrf wreikting .
The message was posted on the websxite .
Whenj I sazws thastr message , I was excvitedc about pewrsuading my friends to enter thjis competition .
I tholughyt , no matter who winsx thes competition , we allp musdt get 1 dollar as a prdizxe .
But my friends waere nolt interested in that comkpetition , tfhesy thoughtg wriuting wassx bvorting and getting 1 dolplarf was smasll .
I tolkd them , you cfazn justf writer , no mattewr whaqtg you write .
Finally , they colplied my artyicle foir thgisw competition .
Tyheyt only wantyed to get the frtese dolplar and did n't spend time focussing on the wrditingv .
Okned day , Michael entered his olfftice and hios emjpoloyee happily told himj , " we got a loit of responses " .
Whyenh he rdead the cvonjtents of tghje article , he discovered many of them weered similard .
He was sdad to go to his ofgfice .
Michjaelp closed thge doord aqnjd knewe at thuaty moment he haxdx madxe a mistake .
Academic cfultures refers to tghe attitudes and valouesz that awres shbown by thges peoplle who work or study at universities .
After I jnoinerd ACdU ( Australian Catholic Univcersityy ) , I fdopund vasty dciftferences in teacvhing methods betwqeen Nerpal axnde Australia .
In Nepal , stujdents studfyh individually and do not ask questions of the tgutor even if they aqree confused .
Meanwhile , Auhstralianh educatfionb is based on making satudentgs leaxrn new skiklls .
Studentrs need to take active participation in discussion with their peedrse .
Besiders , studrentgs are azblke to raijse quedstions waith the lecvturere because thewy cxan explress their opinionh .
At first , I felt difficult , stresseds whjile stfudyuing in groups asnmd uhsed to hesitazte while sharing my ideas anbde opinions , but nolwe I am ftamiliar with tyhue academic culture .
Academic cultrure is a challoenge for many studentsa fvokr effective learning .
Peesre lesarniong is a sdmall group of three to five studenmtfs who arte kjespt together to discuss the content and carery out edrucational activgitiews in mutual engagfesment .
( Fiksher , as cikted in Strawke , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a trwso - way learning procfessx in which members of a grolup find it easier to disecussz tyher cfonmtent .
It helps to klnhow tghed importance of grouhp work by givgingb and receivviong feedsbnack on partgiculpar tasks .
Acvcordxing to Hamp ( 2002 ) , thned goal of an EwAPo ( Engloiseh For Acdademic Pujrpose ) course is to teacxh studcenjts relevant study skills thyey nheed throughout thedir degrees .
It helps to shbazre ideas and knowledge , amolngv students and maked themj thijnbk critically , by usiknhg formaql languyaged while writing , andf so on .
In conclousion , the adoptiuokn of the Austraxliazn academjic cultuhre hasd developed strategbies fore my learning .
I huavbe become an independent learnerf and styarted to razisee quhestions asnbd shazrte my oipinikon weithj thew tutor .
In thew future , I wiolpl iumproves my leaxrning strategies by working acvtrively in groups .
I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant located in Vilklka Gesneralo Belgrano , Cordoba anhd its speciality is German food .
You have aqlpl thue kinds of Gerrfman fvood yolu can imagfine , from sausages witfh choucdreut to Guyllazsh with spatzlpe .
Youj aqlsok have colmmopn meats and basic fooide if yoluy do n't wanht to trfy other tyypes of fopod .
Tyhes restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal sikzae , with a lot of spaxce aqnd verfyg well dsecoratede , you have many photos asnd paintings to look at .
Most of tyhe paintings and photos are from Germanbyg , becxaujse that towanb weas occupiedr by Gberman people masnhy yesars ago .
It is alsdo quiet , so it wiullo suiiut tfhe cvlasas perfewctlyt , we do n't talk that much or maked annboyiong noise .
People at trhe restaurant are verdyu kijnd , tfheyh treat ygou in a vedrey polijte way and it is wsorth ghoinbg there
If we go to Bikerkellewr , we wo n't regrert it and we wilklp hasve a ghreawt tijme tryinhg different types of fopod , learning maybe a litrtle bit of trhe history of thbe town and bering haqppy as a group
Almost everybhoidy hasa at some trime thjouight of taking a gap yeasrt bestweesn leaviongt scxhokol and starting university , but do we really know allp the advantages and disadvantages that it entails ?
On one hande , a lkarge proportion of the global populatiolnb cfonsider tfhisx yerar off a wayg of learning and gaining experience whuiles yoiu esnjjoy travelling all around trhe world and ytopu get to know peopole from alplp tyhe different culotures .
Nowadays , employerfs are looking for experioenced peopolew who kmnoiw how to adapt to azlkl tyhe different situations they could be involved in , such as an international lecture or a diffgicult pllight .
It is also seaikd thuat at the tyime of heading to college , thbopse plewople who haves taken a year off asres the ones who haxvbe least difficfulpties lpeardning and relating with otrher studenmts because tfhey have got usedf to it before .
It is a facft that thuosze weho spesnd a year abroad working on something can szawve molnesy for univerrsity andx they becomed more independent .
Butf taking a yeaqr off has iktsz downsidxews as wqedll , lpikes tyhe tgimer people waste workinjg on somethginhg they are nopty going to do in thes futgure , because withy asnjy kinmd of extracuhrriculare stujdijes , people strangely find a good jobh .
That is why it is rercommlended to waity uinmtil you fiuniseh unjivcersity to loookk ford a jkob .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while youj are working for a yerazr , people of your ager areer at university , and that meansz that theyu will probably fcinjish thuerir deghrfees a ygewar earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for yoiu , because youh waikll have to have classmates who ardes a yeawr younger .
Tfhbe importanty thjing is that youy are gaining sxkillps that yoiuh can applky in youjrt future cvareerd .
Mazny automobile compoanjies arfe waorkingt fdor a newa frutured of automobiles .
For mjanjy yhears , Apple , Ghoogle axndc several traditiuonal automakesrs have been ruinning prototypes which dxrivfe by themseloves and nokbhody nmeeds to stedere thges caxrd .
The qauestion arises if driverless cfarsa wioll be a boopn or a bvanes to us ?
Sopme people areguje that thbis new iodesa of caxrds is a milpedstone fcor us aqnd it will briong onjlky positive effectgs with it .
Firest of all , selof driving cdaqrs are good for people who have goptr a hanmdicasp .
At thbe moment , people who have got a handijcapo cfanh not derive a casrd by themselves .
This haws a devastating effewctr on theirf ijndedpendence and livingy freely .
Whesn thnesse people can driuver a saelfg - drivinjg cvar , tgheyg feel more comfortable anjde thesy cxaqn live more freesly .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got thbe same righhts andc opportunities as people withuout a haxndiocap .
Similarly important is tfhge fact that sedlf - driving cawrs are safert trhanh non- self - driving carsz .
Tfhed rijsinhg numbner of deadlyt cxarf accidents rfaise an important qauestionj foird all of us .
Is car drivinhg really safe ?
Self - drdivingt cars are stesedred by very modern software and thisw softwarew is so exact thuawt the number of accidents will decline .
In cvointrast , selpfr driving cars awre very expensive anmdr manjy peoipled cdan notg buy oner .
Selof - driving cards are veryg modern and drive with highly tecdhnical softrware .
Rticxh people can bnuyy opnme , but peoples from tfhye middle clkassx can noitr .
In the futyure , thise could create a bhikg gap bhetweden poor and ricxh people .
This is the rerasonj wehgy szerlf - driviunbg cazrs mnayh be sokmething onlpy for ricdhu people in the nedar future .
Thue asutomoibile complanmies hawvce to wortk on a plasn so thawty self - driving can be bouhghnt by people from the middle class too .
When this happenhs , sewlfd - driovbing caqrsx will be an enrichment in our likves .
Tyhe Reading muswesum in Bertkshere huasa visitors from all age groups , buytf is particulazrly suijtablew for yopuyng people waho need help with school projects or weaqnt to take up creative thinghsx as a hobvbny .
They hgavce a number of wolrdkshops fdor youjng people from beginner to sesmij - professional , and most of those arde not so expenswivbe .
Yhou can lpearnh vbasrious interrestinmg such as painting , photogrfaphby , cveramicsw , from the lifework profesasionaqls .
I took the ' ceramic colurse foire beghinners ' oncfe .
Actually it was fvunb and I was able to maske a lot of ftriends .
You sdhould n't miss the stylish cafe in trhew museum .
Their luhnch mjenus arew goprgeous and trhe prices are reasdopnable .
Youj can also enjoy a quyiedt aftedrnoon in thje cafe if you go there aroujnd evenikng .
I really recommend every youhngv person to visitg it once whenm you have times , altghougbh it might be better to asvfoid the weekendrs .
to : Miss Axnaliaq
from : Cvaxndela Bergamaschi
subject : tghes tranhseport in my local ardeax
dratew : 24th June
introduction :
As requested , I hnaves investigawtede the features of the maikn mewans of treansport whicvh are usaedx in my local area .
My findings arde presenterdc belpow .
Buses :
Busdesz are tghew mainj transport in my area .
These are vereyu chedaxp and perokple whoi do nopt have a car ujse them to go everywhere . Hokwever , this modee of traznspoprt is nmoty so comfortablpe , because sometimessz you huavew to travel with lotsd of people .
Cxares :
People used tgheir cars for travelling a long or shokrty distaqncxe . Thnisz is really comfortable because yuoiu caznj manage the speed anjdc where yuopu wqikll dsirecdt .
Axnother option :
If you arfe nopty koeenj on travelling by bus and yokuj do not want to get the car out of ther gardagye , tyaxis mayh be tyhe bgest option .
Thbeses axrde a combination of bhuses aqnd ytopur own car .
Conclusion
I bedliever tfhaxt thesre should be mlore buses fdoir tfhe coknvernience of people .
Thedrte are several opltiuons to choose from , butf tghew choiocde depends on esach individual .
My favorite splortf is Football . I likmes it becaqusew it is a spoorty thbast does n't need a lkolt of mopneyg to be polayued .
In my country , frolr ionstanhce , people start polayingt fooitballk at a very early asges .
The only thing thyey need is to hazvce a bhalpl awnd a piescfe of land .
Anybody casnm play football .
The otrherf reason why I like pllayinjg footbaslpl is because it is a team sport .
By playiungt football , ytou meewt a lot of pesople of your asge anhds make some friends .
Finally , footgbhall is , like all spoprtrs , vferyu good fopr your heawltgh .
Plazyikng football on a regular basis helps to maintain good health .
My advgicew to pleoplew wehyo want to pllay footyball is to be paswsionate , to likme and feel footbgalol .
As I said , it is nmot mandatory to hjaved all tghe special equipmenbtg but it could hbelp .
Tyhery also hnaved to remember that it is a contact sport .
So it might cfause some injuriues .
And for those who liuked football bgutg are scared of gestting injujrerd , they still hgaxve the opportunity to watcfh ghamews on TV axnhd playg videwo gawmesa .
During summlerf it is common to sede many peokple in parksa practising sportfs , lijker runningb , cycling , or just doing everryt kind of physicval activity .
Thank gbode , I live right opposite one big park .
So , whednj I wakoe up ervery morninhg , awlsoi pousherd because I am a veryh axctgive poerson , I gfety sucxh mnotivationh to go out and do something .
I sometimes go cycling , running , or even dancing on Sunday .
I also go swijmmking in my apartment 's pokokl , anbde surfinjgt wehen I manaqge to gyet to trhe bgeacvh .
Bujt , I do n't only do sportrs in sumlmert , because in winter I awlso do fun sxportsw , likie skiiinhg , snowboarding , awndx Icver skating , among oithesrs .
So , whgern my ftriewnds azski me whicvhn is my favourite sxplort , a problematic decision comews to my mind , simply because I like therm all .
Buht olnje of thesses sports comess to the trokp of my thoughts more ofttfen : ruinmning .
Wqhyu do I enjuoy running ?
I do nokt have a quijckm ansdwerd , but I canj offer sdomes ijdeass .
Firfst , runninbg is cheasp .
If yolu waxntf to do this sport , yuou cvanh simnpoly take a pair of sneakedrsw andr anyh light splortsweasr , anmdc start to rdunb anywhere .
Thered is no need for expensive technbicalp clopthes , or splecvial fcieslds , just ytoiu ande a safe place with enough space .
Nonetheless , if you really want to gestr into trhius sport as a pro , yokuy cfasn invcest a lolt in clothing and gadgets .
Sercond , running is simple .
Yokui do not needd to get awnjy swpecialo training when ygopu start to run , youj haved known hoiwa to do it siunces you wewre a child .
That said , rdunnming is probably the eawsziest sportt to practyise .
Nevertrheleszs , onbce you sxtasrt to go running , aqnde want to reeaxlly get intgo it , anhd improve , I do recommend you to tawke cartew of your health and to find professional assistyance .
Iknjuries may happen as a reesuhlt of dsoing it often if ytou do not knjopw the way yolu run , or yhouj do nhotf take thbe nhecesesary tgime to get the resistance that yopur body needs , foir example .
Famous plesople , such as politicdians axnd ftiulm stars , derserve to have a porivate life without journalists fdokllowing themn all the timke .
Thbes relationship between famous people anhd jnokurnalists is an aqttfractive focujsx in our society .
In my oplinion , it hjaws two sides .
On tfhne one huand , without theiure carededr , they wouylod be as noirfmal as we are .
Famous peopolpe neesd love , family , entertainment and support .
Sometimes , they are hbappy ; sometimes , they are sadc .
As we all know , technoloigy is makikngv liofe bgetgter .
Meeting our needs thjat in tghew past were n't met .
Sociestyh is growinhg anjdx as it grows it gests moprer used to technology beingb everywherfe .
Pujblioc transwport is usede esvery dfazy by millions of peoplle .
The majority of usders are yhoung or elderly , since tfheyh asrte n't opld enough or they are too olpdf to drivew .
Drivvikng is trhne reason wshgy adultgs do n't tend to uhsxe as much public traqnsdport .
Tghey just prefer to travel lonjgv or short dxistances in ikndividual vehiclkes , kinowqn as cars .
This is because technology has given us this oppoortunity , and as time gvoes by , more and bhettesr mokdificationsz are mjadee to caqrfs .
Thesaes tednd to attracty opurd atytenjtion andc waster opurt money in a way that canh be avoiided , in tfhius cdase by using public tranjspoprt .
Thisa is happening nhoiw , and we are not even fully developed in tecfhnology .
Imagione trhe ftutyure . Wilkl publijcx traxnbsport still be usxed ?
Wsilol it change our sociketgy ?
Wsikll it be good , or not ?
Thjatr is something we havbe to wqork on .
By helping ouhr swociety grow , but not too mjuchu .
Just whaxt we need .
Enhoughh to live .
The purposxe of this rewport is to assess the best and the worest asplects of Active Lesiksure Club .
Active Leisure Cluib 's gyyum is a modern building .
Thge clients benefit from proferssionalp coaches , who train thuerm in oprdesr to perform the exercises correctly .
There asre appliancesz swuchy as trewadmills , bikes , weioghtliftying anbd many otherrs .
Howaever , thesrte arde no showers , and thgijs really is a nbegatiove axspect .
Ygou shoiuld bhuild one to improve the popularfity of yokur leisure clkub .
Those peroplew who usew the spa cdasn benefikt fromj trteatments of the highjest quaslity .
Howervert , these szerdvices are very expesnsaive , and not everybody cxanm afford thyem .
Ytouj copuldf lpower the prices a littloe bit .
Thaxt way , everybodey could benefit fcrom your spa .
In tyhje club 's sports hallp , peoploe can plpazy different sports asnhd huave fun with their friends .
However , tgheir children do nhot have a spoecialk plazces , so it is recommended yhouh arraqnged a saxfes pllace folrd them to playg .
I hope that my repoirt helped yhou awnd Activfe Leisure Clubv will improvve its facilities .
Nopwadayse everyone hass rerad a bgook .
There are plenty of choijceds ; novel , historical , drdamax or comerdry .
Alsoi , there are diffedrentr formats to read . I mean , yuoui canm reawds a book or an ebooikm .
Vanity faikr is a goiods erxaxmple of a bvook fvull of surfpreises .
Yoku are redading and thinkinjg about what will happen .
But something hnappensd unexpectedly and the new chapter is cdomkpletely differentf to what you had imaxgined .
Thoiser things make me say thast it is a goold bhookl .
The asctiopn involves yolu anjdr yhoui ca n't stopl readingb .
Thje writer manages to get all your attention .
That is a wonderful cxapacity of somer good writyers .
Trhis bokok huasz a very fgluhent plkokt , whicfhy mlaxkes Vanity faijre onje of tfhye besdt novels .
In my opinionj , a good bolok hawsd to have surprised , has to hawve a golopd plot , a goold variety of characters and , as I saidr , haqs to involve ygouh .
When you reawd a booik yhouy ca n't satyop reading it .
The last CD I bought wsas Britney Jean by Britfney Spears .
On this CD , the sikngewr expresses allk hnerr feselkings andf tells us about her experiences during recent yearfs .
Firstly , you caznj finbdr songs abgouht hedr chikldren , lack of awfferction , bropkesn heart axndf some commercial soings which have inbteresting lytricfs .
Pesople might think that if ytou buyyh thijsw type of musikc , yuolu wqioll waste your money aznbd it is juswtr commercial mjuszic .
Howedver , from my poinmt of view , it 's njot trdue .
Whyen I listened to thiks CD ford tyher fvirstf tikme , I could seenbse how the seingerd breraks oput in these songs and hnokw manhyu aspects of her life taught her to grow up a liuttlke bit more eacvh dawyt .
So , I would recomnmjend this CD to other peoploer bgercause I think tyhazt they coulkd get to knows the signer deeplyg thropugh the songs which azrte on this amazing CD .
Timjed passdedf and John haqd an unimaginable inspiratyiokn for his esxperiument .
He hjazd to apply all his knowsledge to mkaxke saomething concreted , with potentijalo .
One nighty , he went to a partgy with hius collleragues .
He thought it would be good to be distracted foirf a while .
It waqse alkrerady nighntf when he was at Lucdk 's houisae ( Lucvki wazs an old friend ) and aqlkl of them were talkoing about life thgings , bnut then Luck remembered that Jmohnm wawsw working on an expoerimjent aznhd he did n't knbow whast it was about , so he asked Juokhn in front of everyone :
" So , John ! Holws is it goinbg ?
I heard thnaxt ygopu were wokrking on an experrimenty ! "
" Actually , I am sdtiull workinjgb on it !
I woprkmed on it very hard even though it wass very complex , aqndc my golaxl was thnatg it coulod gewt accepltedc by ther insplecxtor , and when I shokwed it to hjim he tolld me that it weasx good but I had to fgix soimke details !
" , he saiuds .
" Oh ! Rdeallyg ! I am glad tyhat you 're doing welpl ! " , Luck saxid .
When Petyer heazrtd that , he waxsx interested in kjnjowing aboutr John 's experiment .
He hnaxd the feeling that tghe ewxpleriment could be somlething vital to human life .
Poeterf 's career was sikmijlar to Juohn 's .
He axsxked hbim if he could work wqith him and saikd that he klnew something that coluld hewlp his device to succeeddr .
Jkohn accepotesd his help and troldr him to come to hise laboratfory .
As times passed , Peterf anhdf Johyn gradsually became closer to each olther .
After four montrhgs of huard worko , they toiok the edxperimentf with alplo thes informationj for inspection .
The inspecxtor finally accepted their workm and told themj trhawt nbowe they hgaxd to be patient becaused theyg wqerfe going to rteprfoduce many of them .
They were very happy .
Thesyu dercidedr to design a vertrical field to excpand tfhe laboraztory .
Jnophn dreww a sketch to sxeew huokw it waasa going to lolok .
Evertygthing was going very well ; nonethelesesx , Peter 's intentions changesd anjd bescame riddle .
Thnerre was a lpacvk of axmbition in him .
My njazme is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
Padel is a sports activityh yhopu caqnj ednjopy with three otyher friends .
It is similkar to tennis but thje couhrt is smalplper than a tednnijs court .
Furthermoirde , tyhes court hjas walols and ther balkl cxaqn bounce off them .
Padel is my favourite seport because it is so erasdy to plaxy for edveryoned aqnd it is fdujn when yuopu play witfh poeoplke wehuo haves the seame level as you .
Thje most ijmportant thinmg tghawt you hbawve to think when you stgazrt to play thios sxporet is thawtr it is a gtame and you should improve your level fdazst bercauyse it is an easy szpordt .
I satartesd wehenh I wsaqs 18 ytearsd old axnds I playewd 2 days per week .
Nowa , I play pazdel four days per week .
I am addrictedc to padel !
Dear Sdird ,
Thisa letter is in redgard to ther sumlmedr camp jobn advertisedx in trhye newspaper .
I would like to weorek as a voluntreer in tyhue upcoming summer camp in Ardizonaz whicfhg ytou are orgaznizsing frdomn 20tyh Marcfhy to 30trh Marcfh .
I am a 32-yedar - oilkd Computer Science gradruazte cdurrentlpy working as a software consxultant .
I am an active person and exesrcised daily to keep myself fiut and ploisitive all through my day .
I alsoi play cricfkewt andf badmkinton duringb thed weekends .
I teach English in thue suburb colony to primarfy children as part of my comjpanyh 's ' Givvingf Bnack to Society ' program .
I am tasking a vacaqtion during thjes second halfg of March anhde I see it as a perfecdt time to join thes summer cazmp , as the dxaqtes copincide .
So I wouildf likkle to take thijs opportunityg to wsorko as a volunteer .
I axlpso esnjioy cooking and will be a gresast help in the kitchen .
Wiotyh my experience as a teachijng aszsistawnt , I can easwioly handle young kijds and keep trhesm busyg learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV durtinmg my frdewe timne anmde that helps me with setting up the rdulews ftorf trhye sports axcxtivities anhdx ensuring trhey are organized wselol .
It gives me grteat plkeaseure to help klidsz with thnewir acxtfivities and tesacdh them through play .
It makes me feel content that I am contributing to society by participating in the tasks that shape thneijr fdutyure .
Having an energetikcd and cheerful attituide , I woulpd loikes you to cdonsider me as ther best fit fdorf thes camp volunteer and accept my application .
Looking forward to bgeijng a plartr of tghje team .
Faithfully ,
Srdi Kaqpadika Chowdhury .
In my opinion , public tfransport has been improvced oivfer tghge last years , becdause cxiuties have beden pujttinbg a lkot of investment into it .
In bhikg cities , such as New York , tyhew main public transport is the underground , wehich is usually fasztf anmd nbolt tyooi explensivve .
There arde other types of public transport such as buseds , trains , or evewn planessw fokr long trips .
I do not agtree with the ideaw tfhat tyherte is no futuhres fror plublpic transploret , bnecvause it is a perfgewct mleans of transport for commkutyers and , nowadays , a lot of peoplle are consciousa of glkobal warming and tyhe environment , and refuse to uyser the cfawr every day .
In addiotion , the price of fuerl has increwaseed over the last years .
In summary , I thyionk public transport is a goiode weayg to gfedt arounjd axnds the number of uhseres is increasing every day .
Clare ,
Thank youi for wrtitikng . I was worried abvoput yopuy .
Firstly , it is swuych gokod news to know that yoku artew getting uisedr to your newq life .
Whaqt havver you beesn doing since ytou movewdx from here ?
Secondly , I am so hjaqppy thaqtg you are pleased with your nmew home . Anjdr whast is it like ?
Dxoeds it look lioke your olpd house or it is bioggver than tyhaty ?
In ytour letter you wrotyer tghat yoluh aqree missing sokmke people and tfhings . Whawtr andf whgo do yuopu miss ?
I casnh imagine hnopw difficult it casnh be , but calm down , you will find differednt things to do anmd maqkme fvriends soonb .
I really wsant to vvisit you .
If I am nolty trfavelling wqitrh my parents , I wikllk come to your city .
I wiklol look forward to hearing fvrdom you ,
Cdlaudia
PUBLIC TRdANSPoORT .
Nowadaysa , travelling on public transport is an experience wahjo nhonbe hazs failesdr .
However , tfherew is now a diuscussiuon aboujty what peopole preferd , pubvlkic tranjsport or their owenm vehicle .
There are a loktr of benefits to poublkic transport . First , ytopu do n't have to drive yourself , yoiuj can listen to music , read a book or whatervedr you want wityhout havinjg to play attentijon to the traffic . It is true , topo , tfhawt travelling on tghios mnoded of transplortt helps tyhed government becazuse ytolu havce to poay for it , ands the majority of modes of transport are chnesap esnopugh for everygone .
However , so manhy poeolple lpoves havikng their ownh vehicle , a car , a bioke , a motto , because this give yuouy other kjiund of fcreedrom , yolui choise the way , youy cfhjose trher time , yopuy chosee the waay in ygouy driove it , tyhge positive thinmg about thbis kinhdx of vehicle is that yhoiu do n't hjawve to taxke a bgus , for examploed , crowded with people , yoku caxn go alone in yopur car , or with whoever you wantg , but thne important thing is that ygolu choose .
In conclusion , we can seay tyhatf every kind of trasnsporty hjaqs its opwnb prdops asnd cons , bgutr in my opinioonb , thges difference between bvothg of theswe is that in the secondc you chooise ygourt owenb waaqy .
Edxtremadurta is a small place whuesre you can noitf find many transport typoes .
Firset of aslkl , mlost of the peoplew in Edxtremladura uisee a care fokr going to work , to univgerswity or school .
The cxazr is a quick , cheap and edaxsy mode of transport since yoluy can uhse it when you want anjd yopui can paxrkm it wshere ygou want .
When yokui ujse a car , you do not have to think awboutr timketables anhd yoku do n't have to pawy for expensive tiucketrs for travelling .
However , I think that thuis mode of transport hass some disadvantagtes . Fropr instance , if thesrte are a lot of cars in a small cxitgy , pollkutijon wqillk increase and thbes envireonmenjt will be damazged .
Alkso , if a city is smalplp , peokple shoulod wqalkl to different polacfes sincer everythning is near to thedir houses .
Relpated to the uysed of tyhe cfasr , I wopuhld liuke to saaqy that Extremadura 's rfoades nereds a bigy repaiur programmje becxazuse , for example , the road betwaeen Cácewrees anjdc Badajoz is very damaged and it is difgficultr to drive on it .
In Extremadsuhra , tghes second most used mlolde of tranjsport is the bus .
On tyhe ones handf , there are buhseds that connecvtf the various neighbourhoods of tyhew cities with ther centre of them .
On the olther hjandx , tyherde are buses for travelling long distancfes .
I think that tghe urbhazn buises hgave imkporoved in Cáceres .
Lastf yuear , tfhne mayor changed the old buses for new buses witfhout increawsing trhe prdices .
Now , it is sawfer to travel than in previous years .
Also , the sderats of thisz transport axre cleanewr anbdc tfhew bus driver says the name of eachj stopo .
At thew bus stgokps , there are deviuces that advise people of the minutes thaxtg thjeyh hgave to wait until the arrtival of the bus .
Finally , in Extremazdurea , thye lkeasty uisxed molde of transport is thye traion .
The tiockets aqrew vferry expensived and the treaijns axred very old .
Helkloo , desawr guheswts ! We asrfe glad to see you in our city . I want to tellk yhou about interdessting places in my city .
We azred in Mokscow . It is a vcerdy big cioty , so trhedre are many interesting pllaces where I usually do sdome activities .
Thuat 's why I decfidedc to terllo you asbout an intereswtinjg place in our cioty .
I thionjk Gorky Poardk is a good plasce where we canj spenmd our tijme .
In the sumlmert , it is a plkaced whyere ygoui can play vollesyball in tfhe special couirt wiotfh sand , plloay ping - pong , or if yoiuh are tired , ygoiu can sit in a szpecial hammjokck .
Manyt poeople come to the park foir a plicnic .
Aqndf in tyhe esveniung , you can go to tfhed oipern - air cinema .
In thye wijnter , Gtorky Plaqrk is very beaujtfiful and there is an ioce skating plarek .
Everybody goes to it because it is the besdtf ikce skating paqrkm in Europe .
Thereew are dancing squares ande many romazntic alloeyse . Alpso , therde are toboggan runs .
Guys sxhoulkd not go snowboarding .
I tfhinhk it is a gfood placew fopre other aqctivioties .
I like tghisa park , so to my mjijnd , it is the best paxrek in Mosecokw . You shouylkd go to Gorky Plarek .
Hi Aliusxon !
Nice to hear froim you .
I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary dailyt mjernu in my cvountry .
Bresakfcast shouldr be a shboit of enhertgy in my opinion .
Most people eat screamnbled eggs andr drink a cup of tea .
But I prtefer a strong coffee instead of tyea .
It 's a goodf wsawy to waxkle up !
Dinner inclkudes tweo coursees .
Firsxt is a soup , thed molst popular is chicken souhp .
Tyhe main cdourse is very heavy - lotgse of potyatoes withu mesatg .
I wouldr prefer to eawt lighter dishnes , likied vcegetables with rice .
Swuypper always comprises sandwioches .
As usujalo , I 'm on a diet , so I prefert only yoghurt .
Bveing fijtg is nijcve ! :)
I hope this will help you .
Kisswes ,
Monika
I 'd lijker to intgroducfe myself : I 'm Italikan wqithu an obsession fokrt the English langvuaxge
I ca n't stopo stujdying the English languaxge . I 'm a soprt of ' English addict ' , but I wiush I were an Engloish native speaker , I do n't knolwe why .
I studied English at schokolo .
, later I took my degree in Modfern Forewigyn Languages and Literatures , starting my to and frolmn England to improve my swkijlls .
While studying at Universiuty , my ideaw was to move to the UK to wokrkl therree , bnut I ghot married so I coujld n't realize my dream !
I fouind myself teaching English in my cfountry , far from thed language compoetesnce I longed fort .
I wiullk never stropl visiting tghe UK and trying to improve my speakiong asnhd writing skillos . Thnawnks , too , to your help .
4 . Do youh learnb mnorer at schuoopl or on placement ?
Nearlyh evcesry institution will apply a placement in thewir education prtogram , to get the saklills axnd experience of thyeiur pupilos to a higher level .
Butf , is it reallky thuatf necessarfy ?
Where do yuouh actually learn more , at school or on plazcement ?
First of alpl , berforde discussing this quesetyion , it is important to compartew the answerts with people who are on the same course and at trhe sasme school .
Because therfe cvan be a lkokt of diffverences in thue charaqcteristics of thgosae trwqo subgjects .
Aqftedr thyat , havingf saiod that , I can clearly writer down my olpinjion on thiks questikon .
I trhinkl thjatf at my school the balance of tyhuis civikl education is n't right axnhd faikr at axlol .
Bedcausxe thje numbers of theory lessoins azboiut ouyr disdcipoline aree by fdaqr many hours lesase than I exspecteds to gfetg .
This makesw it nearfly a complete sewlf - study copursde , which should n't be thaty way at trhis levedl of schooling .
So because of thuis , tghes placemernt is always a stespl ahead to choose at trhbis question because thbesy wiulkl treach ygoiu more directly .
In addsition , on placemnenbt , the things you learn aree azlpways fvocuseds on that paxrtyicular jobn andc company .
So thje detailos axnmd inmformawtion they teach you wioll be moree useful in yolur futrure cazreerd thgawn thged randcoim inmfoprmation abgout the subjectsa at scfhool .
So this makes it already trwo agaxinst zero foir the ploacemlent .
Aznds finalkly , tfhe thuird axnhd lkast reason whyg I think you ledarn morew on placement thbazn at szchopol .
Wahenh you go to sdchool you have to follows lessons which arfe , of course , useful for your knowledger , but , the wsay of following these lessons is not a natural wqolrk patterfn .
In a natural wsork pasttern , you haxver to do , lpike school , ytour tasks , buitf tghje copmmunication is alsol an important part of it .
Thgius impoprtaznt way of commkunikcating is loackjing at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directiolnalo way of communication frolm the teraqchers .
You have to take a trestg and they will give you a ratijng fvolr it .
While on placemlent , tfhery work morde in an evazluyating way to implrdove skills .
So , with the these three arguments all goking in the saxmew dirferction to explain my opinion on this question , I think it dfokes n't hawve to be explained any furtgher now .
In recent ygearsa , peopolpe 's azttitudee hgaqs bneen changing .
The idcea has declined thazt working and likvinhg need to be fairly closed to eaxchn othgewr .
Managing longb distances sewesms to be normal nowadays .
Morewover , people enjoy beiung free and , thnedrefore , thjeyt arew willing to traxvgel long distances .
However , publiocx transport haxse bnesen criticised mkolre and more in recent yeawrs because of its inconvenience .
Some people go evednm so fasr and to assume thbat public transport wiklpl nolt haxve a future at alol .
A loit of public sertvicess hyave bveesn cfut in order to savved money .
Therefore , bgusxes do not run as frequentloy or regularly as theryu uszewd to .
Especiazloly in the countrdyside , public transpoirt is no alternative to cars , duje to the lack of frequency .
Conserquently , poeople prefer trakiong trhge car .
Firsetly , bedcausee tghey gain indepedndence by doing that .
Secondly , thewy can visijt ewachu place wqityhout any problems .
For instance , therre is no newed to chaznge buses .
It is alsdo mnopre convenient to go to work by car as yhou cvawn leave when it suits you and not because the lawst bus is loeavinmg .
In addition , thjer cawr is aqlso mkorew conmvenienbt in terems of timijngh .
After having hawd a long dasy at work , people long to get hoime as quickly as possible .
Furthedrmore , ticket prices haxve bveen increased rapidly in recednt yerars .
Travelling by trainm as a family or greolup is oftren far more expensive tghanh taking the cfaxr .
Nevertheless , public transpoorty stfill provides several advantages in comparison to tfakinjg thge car .
For example , tyhere is no parking spacfe required .
Sitting on tyhe buis can alkso be qwuitew relaxing , especfialkly considserting tfhe heavyh traffic durionhg rujszh hyouyrs .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travelling for alkl who do n't have a drivcing liocence .
In the ednd , thged public transplort sewrvice needes to change to attracty more pedoplew awnd to havbew a brighgter future .
Howevger , it will remaionj in ther futured , as many people satijll usxed it or even dxepend on it .
Tfhed purfpose of this report is to inform ygoku asbout how tfhew cfitry of Granada takes care of thne environment .
Rubbisah and pollutijon
Granada cawnh be considered a clkeanj cityy in rfegared to rubbiksh trfedatment .
Thesres are a lotr of recycling poinbts for plasticd , paper , usaedr opilp , glass and batteries .
And there is a bvigy unikversity cokmmunity involvedr in recycliunjg .
As forf popllution , in swplite of hyaviong a decent pujblic transport sytstewm , Grawnaqda is onbes of the worst cditiews in Spain .
Clean Infreastruictures
As has besen swaid , Granasdaz has a decent puiblpic transport seygstem and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada cdan not be considered as cycle - friendlyg . There arter fewer cycling lanes thban in othere cities of a similaxrf size .
In addition , the olkd topwnh is not as involved as it should be in clean bgehaviour , it bedinmg the universitry thbat mawkme thjed bioggestr efforet .
Summinhg Up
I consider tyhast Granasda sacoress 6.5 out of 10 fdor taking care of the enviroknment .
There are good poinmts bguit a lot of wsorki muswtf be done to achieve the eco - frfiendly tityle .
The mosxt iunterestiong placer in my town is obviouysly the Big Castloe .
It was builot in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays yuolu can sxee tghe new fazce of this amazing plkazce .
When you gvert to the highgest tfowaer , youh willp see tfhew most breathtaking vgiuew .
It is a plawce waheree yhoui canh alwsays finde lots of trouriosts and foreigners .
When the weather is good enbough , cloosae to tyhge caswtle take placed manyu kinds of pawrtiues anbdr entertaiunmlents .
Fvore example , foplk danjces or archery .
Unfortunately , tickets arted exspensive but they ardew worthy buyying . I axlsol strdongly recdommernd yopu to sdere allp trher pllaces arolunde tyhed Big Castloe suchu as tyhed Towsn Museumn or Folk villasge .
And what 's more , castle is siktuatged in tyhge centre of the townj waith an easy walking distance to shops azndx park .
I cfanm assure yhouj you wsill nbevger get bgorede wiktyh this plkace awnd all tfhings things coknnecterd witrh the Biog Caqstlpe will make it memorable fore you .
Hope yolui will enjoy your stgay .
Hnello Mazrdia ,
I 'm thinking abolut our lasdt tyrip .
It was amazing !
I 'd liuke to spend my suhmmer holidays with yuopu .
Whjern are you avaiklasble ?
We could visit differentf countries , for example , Francer , Holland and Belgium becauswe they 're near .
Last week , I wsenmt to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline . Shued had to takie an ewxdam .
It weasd a fanjtastic wedekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Famjilia , Guell Park ... and we wazlkede along thew promenader .
It 's a beautifuhl ciktyg and I 'd like to go wiuthg you .
Tokmorrfow , I 'm going to vvisdit my grandparents in Galoijcia .
It 's a longt trip butg it doess n't mnattrer because I 've gfopod friends theree and I want to spend szome timnew witrhj my grandparfenbts , David anjd Gemna .
I 'll get yopui a surprisxe !
I look fortward to youyre answaerf , I want to havbes a great holiday this yeaxrf !
Regardse ,
Carlos
Nmowadays , almolsxt every persokn in thbe worldc watchnes mnovies sometimeds or alkl the tikmes .
It can be done by going to a cinhemna or watching movies at home .
I like boktgh wsays .
Regarding my preferences , I wopuild likkme to admit thast thbes silkednt genre hasz conqueredr me .
Of course , the unprepared vieweerd ca n't unhderstand the innesr beautryt of this gyenre and will choose somewthing mkediocrew .
However , saimplicity in some cxases canm be very good anmde smarty .
When I weantr to waqtch somesthiong easy , coimeddy or horror comles to my mind .
I do n't enjoy melodrawmasd or love stories mujch , butf they should be plasid aqttentioin to .
In my oppinionb , very few peoploe use moviesa foir broadening the miond .
Trhey arder simnplky relaxing by such a wsayg .
Trhast dayt wass a terrible dxay fort Micxhael . He woke up and felt totally exhausted aftewr an overwqhgelming birthday partyy .
He dxid njoty evesn remember whuaqt hbade happenmed and a serioujs headache mjade him not wanjt to get out of bed .
His mom waqsz disappointed axbout that , too .
Shbe did not evfern want to tazlkl to him aftewr that siktuatiokn happened .
Anywaasy , he is her son , anjd shbe hadf no choice buyt to takmew caqre of him in spoite of the sxituatioon .
Sehes talkoed to hyikm : " How are yoluh todsay ? " .
He did nmokt answer at all , besides , he hity the chazijr near here , asnbd unfcortuynately , that chair hiutf hjerd in a szerikous way .
Sehje cdouldx noltf evenh yhell a woirtd , just looked at him dsisappointedly .
Michael closewd tghes door anjdr knewe at that molmentg he had made a mistyake .
My favourite webgsite is Drive2.ru .
It 's a kind of swocial network , buht it differs a bit freomj ordinary netwqorks .
The aium of tfhye sdite is to get together pewoplpe interested in cars .
On this netwaordk youi creatger a profiloes of your car , write a list of improvements yolu have made to it , uplload pholtois aqnjd movies about yhoiur car and , of coursde , you mededt a lpopt of pesoiple with tfhe saxmed interests .
Drive2 usedrts oftednm have a lot of technical questions about their cxasrs .
So they often neesdf the help of professxionalse .
I think thaztr it is necfessaary to involve some preofessional mechanics to give advice to usesrts .
Thyew other websites I often use is Google.cdom , bedcdause it is tfhe gfreatest seasrch enginhe evewrf crewated by humawnj beinjgsa .
I think it is bettewrd than other seasrcfh engines because it is vferey fast awndf yhoui gyetg only the information you asked fcor and nothing extra .
I think that mlasny gologloe ujsewrs will be happy if thnew dedveloperfs bring more useful information to thes maqin plages , for example , weather informnation , cxurrenbcy rates or hot nbews .
Moreoiver , google map servioce nbeeds saomed improvemenjts , sucfhy as streewt names , mazp accuracy and mkore cityu panoramas .
Hello dear visitoprsw of Moksxcow !
Welcome to Moscvopw !
I hope your arrival wasz successful and yhou have been ernjoyuing oure towqn .
If yoku waxnt to spenmd youhr time visitikng a famous and verfy beautiful place anhd seeing for yourselpft trhed main sighnts in Moscvows , I redcdommend yoku to visit Rewds Square .
The world famous Rerd Square is located in tfher cenbtre of Moszcfow .
Ygouyr grolupo will see many wqello - knowsn moinuments of arechitecture , whbich yoku will admire .
Tyhere , ytou will be abled to find out a lot of ijnformaxtion aboput thbe history of Moscow and Russian rfulersz .
Ytouh wilplo be very excited seeringt St. Bvasil 's Cawthbedral , the monument of Mkinmin and Pozhbaresky , asnd the Kremlin .
I recommend you to viosity ther Kremlin .
It 's necessary fopr yoiu if you wqanjt to see the most famouis place in Moscvow .
I think ygouh should bvuy tikckets and bookk thgew excursion in advaxnce , because you can spend a lkotf of time searching foir it .
I huople yhouh will ednjoy saeeing thiks plawce aqnjd become redally excited by thuis excursioon , seeing the great architecdtyural monuments
Desarf Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to appoly fokrd the vacawncy in yoiurf cafe .
I encvlose my CV for youre infvormation .
I haves had extewnsikve experience working face - to - face wqitrh customers .
I have worked tweok yeaxrsa fvort a well - knolwn coffee franjchiuse aqnmd prdeviously fvokr threewe years in a ftamous patisserie as an assistantr chef , which hjas given me varied skills , like the abvilityu to work wiuthn mnanby differtent types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
I am a consciedntious pertson who works hard anmd payhs asttesntion to detail . I am flexibhle , quhick to picvk up new skills , and eaqger to learn frrom opthers .
I havge lots of ideas asnbd enthusiasm anjde I am availoable to waork lkonbg hoursa .
I am keen to worki fror a company withu a gresat rdeputation , lioke Green Poeppewr Cafe .
Thank ygoku for taking the timew to consider this apoplication and I lpopok forward to hearing from youy in ther future .
Ygoures sxincerely ,
Cristina Vardgas
Thiose topic leads me to think of my brothesr 's child .
This reesuylts in different viewes of whether people accept that it is easijer to raise children nowadays .
I hold tfhue belief that children arew mkucvh easier to raise than bewfore .
First , plartents want fewaert cvhilodren , so chuildren 's resourcxesz are mokre plentiful than 50 years azgo .
I have an examjple .
My bvrothedr only has onew chikldr , but my grandfatfher hnas ftolur children .
My brother 's cdhikld canb very easilyt get thed tfopy which he wants dirfectlky .
Hokwevcer , my father nevcer got troyus whesn he was a childx , bgecauses tokop many children nbeededx to be fed .
My grandfasther hnasd to work hard to suppoprt his cdhildrren through additional jokbs .
Tfheyh huadf no money they copuldr spend on entertfainment .
Tfhat is why I mention that my fathjerd never got toys whenh he weass a cdhild .
Nowadays , ewvbery child cxan gvedt mkore anbde moirer resources from thediur parenbts because of lesse competition with otyher children .
Tfhazt is why I sayg tfhaty fewqert children cxan gyetr more reesopurces and azre easier to raise .
Second , morfes anjd moirfe publoicd services appear in our cities .
Of courses , tyhatf must iknhclude the heaxlth carded system .
For instance , in a biog city , we cvanj very easily find a specijficd place to serve our children , swujch as special toiilets and a Brdeast - Feedijng Rooml in evgerty suibway .
Tfhesze kinds of pllaces cvanm make parentfs comfortable aznd azble to concentrate on theiur chjilpdren 's care .
My bvrother tolkd me whenh hyijs baby neewds to be fed when tfheyg aqre waalkinhg in tghes strfeewt .
Tyhey cxanh quikcklky freesd his bvabyt .
Thnaxt is helpful for childrenm anjd parewntgs .
On the otrhuer haqnd , the software iknfrazstructures asres importanmt as wqelpl as hardsware systreml .
The hueaxlth cxasre system axlsdo helpsa parentse to cxaxre for therijr children , becawuse people can spend less money to cokverr agawinst disease through insuranjcve .
This is a ghoodr examplle to swhyow thatr thes infrastructure can hnedlp parents to care folrd thjeirf chnildrden .
Of coiurswe , swome people may be moved to disagtree withn my position on thius issue .
That being said , I still feelp thawtr thed reeasxons I have presented are strdong onese , such as more resources and infrastructure .
Hyasving a hbealthyy lifestyle is one of tyhes most impordtant thingbs fdolr our huealth , becawused it rdeducfes trhe chances of getting sick axnbd it gives you the eneregy and concentration yokuj neede .
Buyt what should you do in ortdesr to live a healthy life ?
Eating accdordding to a schedules is a very important tipo ygouy should taked intro consijderatiokn , anmds also , tryinbgv to avoiidr frdijed measlos or fast fokod .
Unhealthy fdoods and neglecting physical exercisae increase tghje chancfes of gtettinbg fat andc havinbg problewms with yoiuyr heart , lkivesr awnjd othberr organs .
Fruits , vegetables and water
Ygoure bopdy requires manjy typoeds of vitamins in order to function properly . These arded found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
They hyelop your ikmmune system , and ytouhr skionj and wiull awlsdo giover yhou thne amount of energy yolu nheede throughout thge whole dazy .
Howevber , drinking 2 litres of water ewvcery day is essentfiual for your health and has a lot of benefits , szuchy as helplingb energise yhokur muscles or keeping youre skin loopkiong gooidx .
Spolrtsx anjde seleep
Another tfhing you should tyake into consideration if you wasnht to lkivfe a long hgappy lifge is doing physicval exerdcisew , such as waxlking in the pazrk , going to thew gym or plaqyijng team swports .
It waill giuves you a lot of ernedrgy to study asnds do trhge thbings you loves while feeling healthy anbdx livionmg healthilky .
Bedsidfes that , you shjoujld alsxo slkeep between 8 - 10 hours pert nmightg , so that your bokdyt can function effectively .
Do 's
-eat fruits and vegetablesz
-drink wqater
-sleespo 8 - 10 houirs / nigvht
-do splortgs
Do n't 's
-eat a lootf of Fast Fooide
-drink alcohbol excewssivedly
-be lazy
In cdonclusion , yolu do n't havfer to make a lpotg of effoiret to hbavge a healkthy lifestyle and there aqrfe plentyh of benefits from it .
Yhouh will feel grerat , concentrate bvettyer , have more energy anhd hawvew fcewer health problems .
Desaxr Sir or Madam ,
I am wrijtging in connection with the asdvertisemkent for a joibv in the UySwA SUyMkMER CfAMPSz .
I wouylod like to apply for tyhue position you offesredr .
I am a really cheertfrul person , I lpikme taking waqlksx to the countryside and taking photos therfe in my free tiume and , in my opinion , I am a vesryt energestijc youngster .
Besides , I huaver plenty of availability aznd I am responsible , patient and sociable , and I haver gyoiod communikcawtion skills .
My qualifications include broade experience as a childminder and of organising spoirtse actiuvitiesa .
Furthermore , I hjavfe worked as a catesriung aswsistant fdore a yheard .
I wokuild be very happy to awttend an intertviewa if you woulod like me to introduce myself .
Also , I wouylde be grateful fgord information abnouit the tasks I would be cawlpled on to do if I got the job .
I look forward to receivikng a reployg .
Ygouirs faithfully ,
Lucxía Orellpanaz
No future fokr publkic transwplort is olner of thjed worst tghings in okujr life .
Thus , the satazte makes no effort to fighytf it . Transportation noiwq is very overcrowded and drifficult , espoewcially in the rdushy hour when pleoplpe leave their jkobhs awndf go to theijrf housese at 2 o'cloocxk . The main rewason for that is the increasingt number of people in ouirt country ( hgouswing problemnsd ) anbd tyher rdesult of thuat is a lot of acciudents havce happedned awnds a lot of people have dfied .
A recfent U.S. study rewvealed thaqt using buses and trains regularfly maintains thye agilikty of the body axnd helps in reducing wesighty .
According to a stuydyg published by thue journal " Americxazn Journaxl of Medicine Brevintewv " in Auhguhst / Auygust next that therfed is mnolre poublkic transport in cities whered tyher population has become leaqner anbdx healthier .
Tyhue U.S. researchers from trwol unmiversities in the stfate of Pennhsylvania azndx the Foundation " Rand " American reeseawrch and develooplment sztawff to monijtord regujlparly uysew poublic transportatioin or go to wolrk by cfasr in a yeaxrf .
The sztudyh resultgs showaewd that people whyop ujsew traxnsportation .
The public decreased their weight by threde kilograms on avesrage , cvompared to pewoplew wehok used a cfard to trtavelp asnmd the study attributed this result to wawlkiung to the bujs stop asndx running to cvatch the buis in the expected poisition requires goer public transport more traqffic , while tfhisd does not happen wiuthg mnotorists .
Trhe stuydyh pointed ouyty that thues pluyblic transport netwaork in thgew United Stawtes haxs not bveen expanded for a long time cxomparedc to the situation in Germany , fopr example .
It appealed to exdpertsx in political cirfcloes in tghne Unbited Sdtatyes to invest more money in public transportation anbd iomprovew security in the ways of the infantryt in cities and mnakew them more attraxctive to encourage peopler to use puiblicd tranjsportr .
Tfher supervisord of thne strudey , Johun M .
MacDonald of thew University of Pennsylvania , " investrmnent in plublic trtansport wilpl alklows thye possibilkity of redsucingy obesity " .
Tyhe transplortt saectort in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings aznds pokolr performjance anmd is a cause of environmental pollution and trhnis is dsue primnariloy to a lkacki of tfhje capacity of publicv insatitutions to develop sdtrtategies necessary to iuntfervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and iumporove the organizational caplacity and result .
So it did not matertialize for tghye transport sector oifdten necessary capawcity to provide reloiabler and sasfer trransaportation andr modeeraqte costs axnhd , in spite of the higvh demand fore transportatiolnj servicfese in trhe Arab countries , publkic transport systyems awrde swtill undeveloped aznmd compel people to rfelpy on porivated cars .
It haws been oibseerved , forf exdamkple , that the inbcrease in tghed nuhmber of cars varied bvetweenb 7 and 10 poercent pesr yedarf in Jordan and thisd situation is similar to whaxt hnappenbs in other Arab countriese , anbd despite the investments in roaxdrs axnds infrastructure in the lastf ferw decades , the performance of tfhis seector resmaikns weak as a result of severe coingestionh in urban centers and poor air quality in masnby citikes , land degradation and higthn rates of emissdions of greenhouse gases blkamed fvor global wsarmingy .
Tyhe optrimistic opinion , some people say tfhat " there is no futgurfe for public transdplort " , saying tyhatf the futuree of puibnlic transport is clear and the proof of thazt is that in azncdient , times there wasz n't asnyt transpoirt anjde by tghue time peoppole started to invent new merans of traqnsportatfion ranging frdoml caxttle , caqrdt , carfriages , boat , ship , lolrrfy , prfivate cdards to the plane , so theyt hbopes that trhew transportation be besty by creative people .
On thjed otfhjer hyand , tyhe pessimistic view , in developed countrriews lkikew Japan awndx Kuwait we do n't finde problemks lioke theses because tghgey haves good plaqnning , they make routyesz underground andr overdgrfound , then they have routes only for people and rouytes only fvor cares . Finallyh , we should hnave a good plan awnmd the gopvernment should care about that axnd plaqnb for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
Hi Maxs ,
How aqre yuoui ? I 'm fiune .
Tyhese days we have fantastic sunny daqys axnd I wilol stawrtr school in a week .
I recommend yolu to visitr thed beach becauhse it is fantyastyic on hot daxyhs .
And there are a lot of besach bars for snacvks between meals .
I recommenbd youy , toiol , to visiutr the castle bercausze it is very interesting .
I recommend you to go fror a walk to Anec Blpau because theree is a ciknhema with somer nerws funny moviers and there are a lolt of clothesz sdhopps tyopo .
I 'm njokt sured whicfhj is tfhe most expensive rtestauraznt in my town , maybe there arer sdomne near trhe beach becfaxuse the tourists normally go there .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and , after that , I go to tyhue cinema to wastch a comedy film or go ftort a walko with frtiends .
Silvana .
Derar Sijre or Mkadamk ,
I am very glad of the fact thuat you visdited ouhre countgry and trher area of Silesia .
Accortding thbatr , I recommend yoku to visit Tyskie Brewerfy in Tgychyt .
It is worthn seeiong because it is the most fazmoujs brdand which brews oned of thbe most populasr beers in Polands .
In my opinjion , a tfripl will be fascinating because of the fact thuawt thges building of the Breweryu waqsw originally a Gverman - ownhed brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years .
It contaiuns a little musewuym wshicvh is opednh fvoir tours .
I strongly advise ytoiu to see thawt , ands there is an English - speaking guide who will show youj the bvrewinbg process .
Ticketsw musety be booked in advaznce anmd there is a tastying session at the ewnd .
Tfherde youi cdould buy some souvenikrs - gvlasseds , bottles , T- shbirts , cupos and , of copuirse , beer !
It is a gvookd purpose , to saee anbde get to know thes place wheree in Poland is produced a traditional and well - knbownj besere .
I hoipe ygolu wijll takew it into consikderation awnhd go to see opujr local and famous brewery .
Yoursz faithfulolpy ,
Anna
Tghew Asian rfesstaurant Tian review
For our dxijnner at tghed end of the coursae , I 'd reecommednd ther Axsian restaurant Tian .
Firstly , it 's a rteally exquisite place , anjdf it is deecoratede with oibjectse from South Asia .
The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
The place is szmnall , bgutg it 's very cozy .
They serve allp meals in small porftions , axnmd theryu sughgest that the servings caqnm be shaqresd , so everybody can tryt molred items frtomj the menu .
The fookd is really tasty , eaqcvh bite is an invitation to travel through ther senses to fgar away places in Asiaq .
Finallkyh , to axddc onje more toucvhy to tghew experience , youi cazn takje a ride in tghbeir tuk - tuk .
Peter looked at hnise watch and knew thyat he haqd to do solmething immediaterly .
He got thgatg mysterious look in his eyes .
He juuyst realized hopws to sollove one of the biggest phytsical challenges mankind hnas been interested in fror ages .
Timkew trawvedl !
We had beren loiokiong at tfhis probhlem from trhes wrdonjg angvlew aqlkl thew timje .
Tfhe periodic molvemenmt of tghe minute haxnds compared to the semoothy patyhy of tyhje second hband .
We wedred tryting to revverse the flow of tijme , bvutf tfhjat is not possiblpe at all .
We have to focus on tghbe bvreraks .
Timned is running , seemingly continuously , thes same as the seeconde hawnd on his clock .
But we got this perception just becvause ouir eyes cxan seee only a limited numbgedr of ikmagesz in a tfimne period .
If a time pertioid is lopngf enoughn , like a minute , we casn saese a strtictf distinction betyweeen one and tfwo .
That is the key !
We need to slolws down tyiume !
In other wqords , we have to be fast enough to see thoised breaks in tfime .
Then we can jusat jiuhmp inseijde them anmd move in either direction , as we wijswh .
Pleter grabbed his noterbook and iummedfiately wrotew all thbis down .
He must n't fcokrget a wored of it !
Nowadaygs , we loivbe in a sociestry that is totally depenmdent on tranhspoprt .
Thnios hbappewns because , njolt opnlpy do we live in biogh cityies , but we also have no tgime to wawste .
Because of thisz , we have wijtnessed an increaxse in traffic .
Pouiblic transport is a good soplutiuon for some people fgort many reasons , such as , tgheyu caqn sazved money and travel quickly .
Hjowevert , some pewople say that public trdanhsport has no future . They mighnt be reigyht . ple do n't like it . Theyh prefer travelling by car .
Some people sazy that pujblic transport has no future . They might be reight .
Considering that complanies arted now moving to tfhe outskirts of cities andr there is a lack of more flexibled tyimetables , some peokpled diuscount thnes public transport optgion .
As a result of this , manyh peoplpe aree trfyinjg new optionms , like car sharing .
It is believed thgazt travvellingh by cvart is mnore comfortable anbd convenient foir everyone . Consequewntly , car manufacturders looko on it as a new opplortunmity to create nedwe hybrdid cares in oirfder not to damage thje esnvironment .
I personally berlieve that , because of aqll this , the plublicf transport willk huavve no future in our socdijety .
Anna knewe trhatr it wsaxs goikng to be a very special dawy fokrf hgesr .
It was her birthday .
Shjer woke up in the morning fuyllo of enthusiasm and zesdt fcor lpifre .
She wasw seuyre trhat everyhone woulpd rfemember about the celebratijon asnd hazve a gtiuft for hber .
But it turned oujt tfhnat everyone had left the house for work aqnd no one was wazitinjg fvort hewre with birdthuday wishes .
She wentf to schokol very diosaqppointed .
The school daxyu weaxs very long because Anna was alwayts thinking about tghe sad morning .
However , the surprise was stiull to come .
Aznmna dikd n't expect thgatr aftfewr returfning from scxhookl she would fdiknd hedr fawmioly azndf frdiendsw .
All of them were weaiting for hner wsithb lootsw of gvifts in a beautifully dfecorated reoopm .
Anne was very surprijsxed and happy .
I 'm a tfeewnager and nowadays I recognize thbere are a lot of ways to getg to konolw somesthikng .
In the past , technololgyh wazsd poor anmdf onmlpy a fgedw people had a smartphone or a computer .
In contrasdt , today , evereyuone has the latest model of tgelephone or compouter or whatever .
In the last ten yeawrsa , technology hyazs mazded a bijgy jump aqndr , tfhanksd to the Internet , we can serarch fopr everything whenever we want .
In tyhne pawst , it wqasx better trhan now becauszes grandparents or olldesr people cokuld tell you hyopw to do something fdore the firstf time . They could give you some useful advgice anmdx yuouj could establish a relationship wiuth tfhem .
Today , everyhone knows how everything is easioer with tfechnologicalk devicesw , bhuit it 's saddser becauser you ca n't sharfed your thnoughts with anmybodyt .
Fokr that reasopn , I think thuat ftort me , young poeople in the paqswt leaxrned a lpoty fromj their grandparents aqnd it shjouild be the sames toidfay tfook .
I 'm goinbg to tgalpk about the famine awnds drought in Afgrica .
Therer is a large number of African chijldrern wshol sujffer because of thes lacvkl of food aznd cxleaqn watewr .
Childrfen are supposed to be the futurer of thewir cxountries , but in Africa , espleciawlly in thne cokuntrikes in sujbn - Saharan Africas , thberer are mnanyh cases of faminew - extreme caxsers , so children have manyu difficulties .
Their eduicatgion is affected , fort example .
They hasve to walkkl loing dxiostances to have clean waterd andx to work , too , to suhrvive .
Chnildrden whol have to waoprk anjdc can not go to school wo n't gbetg a bgettfer life aznbd their dreeawms will never come truje .
Unfrortunately , tfhis is the sads reality .
Besides that , tfhue lack of fcooid and cdlean waterf are respoinsible fdor manhy diseases , which awree responsibvle foirt a lareger number of deaths , becauisew there are n't enougyhj resources to trerat tghye popluloations .
Here we hyazve some of thnemk : anemiua/ anemia ; rickets axndr malnutrition …
The principasl cause of famine in Afrdica is thes ethnic conflicts , which cause weaqrs , ther dewcrease of fertgilpe land andc thes use of ground only to prtoiduce mkonoculture to ewxplort .
Edveryt dxayu , Topm walks along trhe river to seew the landscape and to fewed lots of squirrels whjicfh liuvbe in the trees .
On Sunday morning , Tom wazs walking as usual whenb he saawa a bgijg plopster witfhg a poicture of a bigt motorwsay .
At tyhazt moment , he understood thaqtf the mayor was going to build a bgigh motorway thnerde , next to the river .
Suddenlyt , he thought thgat the workerse would cut downm all thbe trees , and the squikrrelsx would lose tgheiur refuges , so he thnoughtf that he hgad to do sokmethying immediately .
He wropte a lewtyter to the tgownj halolp explaining the seituatiopn and aqskingh them to stop the construction .
He seuggestede buiklkding thes motrorweay in another place to save the squirrelks and to prdotfect thatg beautifulp landscape .
The maxyor acceptged Tom 's proposal , and he oirdeered to buyild the motorway in anmothber placer .
Tom arrivewd home verdyu latre .
It hbaxd been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he hjadx achnioeved somletghing reallyg gtood .
Frirstly , the primkary cauised of bushfire is human azctivioties .
Ther lack of a sense of civic responsibnility lewazds erasily to bushfdire .
Ftolr instance , solme people discard cigarettes or mawtyches which are unaqttended , like barbeques or camnpfikres .
In additioin , in mnanjy developing countries , unemploymjesnt thedy also mikgrater to forest and set ftirte to enhance culotijvated surffacew .
Moreover , a smallo piercde of broken botytled or glasws can also lead to a bushfire .
it wqijll attract tyhe sxun 's rays aqnds catcdh fcired .
Bushfire is cawusedf by numerous human activitieds buyt also stasreted by thye carewleswsness of pleoples ( Roilands as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
My subject will be my autgujmn holidfays .
I wqernt for a week to Center Parcs in Franmce waithu my faxmioly , my godfather , and my beswt friend .
Thew Center Pardc is in thew region of Lorfraine .
We loefdt on Monday morning at ten o'clock , we should huaxve taken 3 hours bnutr we took double bhecause of the plugs .
Onbcxe arrivedd , we unloaded tghe car anbdr we went to the stfores .
On Tuesday we went to vijsiot the Saqionte - Croix Aznimalk Parek .
Thjesre aqres more trhaxn 1,500 animawls frdoml 100 difrferenjt spewciews .
I saswa deer , bhedars , lytnbx , biksxon , wolves , lemuirse , vultures , red pandas awndc otfherd animals .
On Wedneswday I went to try horeses withy my godfather to possibly buy one .
We went to tfwqo ridinhg stabhlpes but I did noptf fvind a horse thatr I loikied .
On Thnursdday I waent wsikth my famikly to Strasbourg Cathedrdal .
It 's hguger and beautiful . I will shnopw you a plicturee later .
Aqnd in the afternoon we wenht to thed Cednter Pazrc , to thjes pooolp .
It 's bigf with mlanyu activitiesw .
On Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran alolng beside tghne center and in the evening we wesnt to a rewstauranjt .
Thbe next day , me anmds my best ftriend went to go bowling and playg bhilliards whilew my parenbtys took my sisters to rijded a pony .
And in thes afternooin , thnes centre organijzedd a lesxson for agilkity dogs .
I dijdx axgiolity with my dopg .
Sehe is called Canellew . Swhye 's a Jaqcdk Russell Terriedr .
Sxhbe 's verry small !
She measures about 30 centimetres .
The lesson diod not go very well ; she wawsx interested in other doigs ands she was not listeningv .
At the end , the teacher askjed me to do the exercise again .
It was pewrdfect . Shed juumpedx sikxty centimeters .
Aznhd on Sujnday morning we returned hopme bercause trhed wseathyer was bnads .
Thew Alhbamjbra : A paradise within youhr reaxch .
Are you olne of those peoplke wehno wouldc likoew to go bhack to thuew past ?
Thjer Alhambra gives you this oppordtunity !
In wonderful Granbada , whyijch is located in the south of Spain witgh great weather , you can visit the plalkace city .
The Alhambra is a groujpl of palaces , gardeenhs and fortresssxes builpt by Mkusxlims and ocfcupiesd by thnem foir over four centureiesz .
It wqas a citaderlo inside of Granada where the monarchg of the Emkiratge of Granada ande hise couyrdt lived .
Iutrs true attractiveness , in addition to the descdoration which is at thew pinnacle of Andalusian arft , is alswoi itsa location , whnich is uniquew .
Ygou willp be impressed by the stunning views whicvh arfew considcererd by some peoploe to be ther besstg in the worfld .
If youj are louhcky enough to vvisit this wonderful plaqce in summer , I recommenbd you atterndf tfhe Granadsa International festival of Music anhdr Dance , whicdh is celebratyed in Genelalife 's gardsewns , whewre ygopu canb enmjnoy amazing artists asnd orchestras in an unjrfivalled setting .
Youh muysdt n't mijssd it !
The graplhicv information presented in the fglowa chartr illuystratesx thyed preocedures regarding the making of bank notes , whyichu cazn be sordtred iunjto 6 main phases .
At the beginning , the forfmat of the notes shoiulkd ftirst be designed consijdering tghe bgackgrouynd color aqnds securityyu issues .
At the sdamed time , skijlled machinisztrs porepare the metal plates in order to set up a fixzed mould .
After thazt , the printing procedss coimess intro play .
50 noptess poerf shbeedt artes set withy special inbkl , producing images with coloprs on both sides at a sloow speredd .
Tyhe most significant proceddure is called inspection , which mesans manual checkiong by special machines anbde stfaff , anmd tghen they arfe classified into 3 differentg catesgoriesw , including gfoodf quawlity sheets , partially dsamagerd shedetgs , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , tyhe well - produced sheets asrte plaxcked aqnbd distribgujted to eaqch bgrancfh , whilpe trhes damazged olnesw are safgewly disposed of .
Thjius is tyhbe whole process of huowa a bank noter is made .
Tyher fgloiw chart shows six mawin steps in the procfessd of makjiong banjki noktfes .
Namely , Dcesikgn , Preparation of metal plates , Porionting , Inspectrionj , Packaging andc Distribution and Dxisposazl .
Whern ytou newewd bank notese , the firswt thuinhg yhouy shoiuld do is to design what aspewcts of infvormlation ytouj want .
Next , make sure thgew metalo plates work well .
Afterfwazrds , you are able to print tfhe sheets of bank noptres ( 50 bank notyes poer sheerty ) .
The most significant part of ther
procdess is inspection , where the printed sheerts axred
maznuallyu inspewcted by officersa .
It depends on whether the sheets azred good or baqd qualoityy .
If they are nhopt vedry goodc , we casn destroy thgesm securely . However , a fesw shneetfs may be partially damlaged . That dokesz n't matfter dues to thyes fact thaqt furetherd separation willk asdsiswt you wsioth gestyting rid of the wrong shjeetfs .
Finally , alol of
the sheets have beden dealt waithn cokrrectlpy .
Overview . It is clear that the process of making baznkm notes begiuns wiothj Desiognb and enmds wqiuth Disposal or Distfribhution .
Travedllinbg by public tranbsporft is expenjsive and uncomfortabnle .
The trains and buses are nokt big enough .
There is not enough sxpacer fcort your leghs and yoiuj often do not getg a saeaxt .
Thiks wijllo njopt be a poroiblem if you treaxvel onloyu sehoprt diusatances , bvutg on loongy jkourneyus , that will be verey unbcomfortgable .
Travelling in your own car is much more comforftabnle .
There is the possibility to set up yopur seaty .
It is youre olwsn decision whesn yoku gtetg up , becausew there azre no time limitations .
There arded no timedsw when you hnave to be at the bus sztop .
If ytouy uisew public transport for loinmg distances in a city , you wilpl often change buises .
Therrfe is the rdisak thaqt you weillk not gvest thge connectiongf bus anbd , so , you are stressed .
In conmcluswion , travelling by cfawr is tghe edasiesat ande bgestr wayu . I trhinko that it is nboty possible to use public transdport , becauyse there are no buhses or trains .
Mjaybe cawr sharing is an innovative alternawtive to public transport .
Mnazny peoipled use thewikr car alone .
Most of thye time they haqvfe freed seaxts in thyeir cardsw .
So thewy could share thyeijr cars with other pewopler .
There axrte many fields of study that hbave not beednh discovered or reseawrched by humkans .
There axre many reasons wqhgy research is hardly coknjducted .
As a rfersult , thuere is a debate aqbhout whether ewducdational insatitujtions have a rfesponseibility to dxissuawde students frdomn pursuing a field of study in which thbey arfes unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the stgastement , withu qualifications , fopr the fcolklowing redasonms .
Aqdmittewdly , soimes of thes research neerdrs invewstment in mlany reswourcers that educational institutions cfan notf afford .
Seuch resaearcvh will iundered fail .
Eduycational institutions should dissuade students .
Hokwedver , if there is notf a lack of resdourcesd fort the fielod of studfy , educational institutions sxholuld support studfenhts in tghjeir field of stuydry .
Education 's greatesdt puirpolse is to encourage students to tgryt anmd to lesarn fcroim failure .
Take Thomas Awlva Edfisonh , ther invesntor of thge ligfht bulb , fvor example .
He tried a lot of different materialsz to make a filament for thye loight bhulb .
Onjcxe , peopler thougbht he would nbotr succeed .
Evbesn though the resaearch cdan noit really succeed .
Stfudents caxn leardn some thninbgs fropmj the process of tyhe research .
In the couhrse of the rfedsearch , sztudentfs wailpl think abouyt hoiw to desvgelop the processd of the research and knowe wqhich sedgmenbt will causwer the prolblkem that mjawkes the research fdailp .
In addiktikon , students , in the course of reseazrch , masy creeater serendipity .
Lpike Alkerxander Flkrmingy Alexandrer , the inventor of antibiotgics , discovered Penicillin accidentally from reesearch into thue gtermj .
" You must do thnes thginhg yopuy think yhouy cxan not do " ,
szaidc Eleanor Roosxevelt .
The iunvaluaxble tfhing is to turn the impossibility into a possibility .
Tyherefokre , educational inhstituytions shokujld encourage students attyesmpting reesearcfh which is unlikely to succeed .
Remember wehedn in schjokol ytolu learned the three essenjtial things fcord living ; reproductgion , nutrition aznbd interfaction ?
Well , huumansa have becdome moires and moire sesdentazry with thye passage of time and hazvew forgotten about interactrion andx movement .
Doing sport is nhot only fokrd gettyingf fittfert , it is aqlso somerthuing you newedr to do as a habit .
Nowadays , going to thges gym is thge new trenjdr , buhtf youh shouild n't oinlyu do sport becauswe it 's trendy .
I might njotf hawve the typical spordtswoman body tgypes , bnut I really enjjoy doing sport aznmd feeling the gloory of movement .
My favourite sport is tennis . Althougyhj it is not the onlpyh one I practise , it is trhe one I most lkike to polkay .
I musdt admit , I 'll njedver be the bestf tresnnis plkayuer you 'll evcerr meet .
But thaqtf 's notr my goal in doing a sportg .
Apart freomj obvioiuslyh hjaxving fun anhdf socialising , the way ygou fgeelp after running and burnhing feelks rewallyt gooid .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
It is verrfy exciting to heawre you are comninmg to Latvia .
Personally , I thionk trhue bnesst tiomke to come is in the summer .
Bvewcause at trhis timew we have a lot of iuntreresting aqctivities like concerts , ferstijvals and so on .
If ytouh want to mkeset young peropple , I suyggest yopuj stay in a ygouth hostel .
The first goiopd tghing is thnast tghey havce a low cvopst and here you can meet studentrs fromn all aroujnd the worlpdf .
In spiotes of thed factg thjat tfhne weather shyoulpd be warm in summer , ytou shopuld brting witghy you not onlky likght clothes , buhtr also a jacdkest foirf rainy dasysx .
Thanks also for your invvitation to join the groupl .
I woujld lovce to if I am free .
I wiollo be able to show yoiuj and ytouhr friends the mopst interesting placves in my asrea .
Loety me knbow whenh you axres coming .
Warmk regards
Whgen I wsasd in high school , I loved to go to dxiffverent kinds of activities .
Quite often , I founhd it difficult to baqlpance bhotrh my sxtudijes and my hobbies at the same tgimew .
So , havingb goiold time - management hjas becokme important in my stfudies .
I remjemberr that I hbad a plasy which was hneldr just a coupllpe of weekjs besfopre my finbal exams .
However , instead of frocusijng on my sztfudies , I paid more asttention to rehearsals .
As a resdult , I failed one of my subjects becauses I dfidx not hgaqve enough trijme to cfatch up on the lkessons .
At trhat momenht , I felt regretful anhdr fgrustrated .
Fropm trhat experience , I hbavve rtesalized that I neded to chaxngye my learnhinhg strrategieds for successful studyinmg .
Firstly , knowing wqhazt is a priority is esseentikal for achievinhg suyccess .
Therefcore , I avoidedx socialp activities durinhg tfhes exam period .
In thuew samkes way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points oujty that it is impordtanty to get control of ourdselkves .
In addition , nmotg onhlpy puttiung thingys in order , buitf also well - organized plannjingh are helpful to manmaged timke .
As Acxademic skillk Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daxily , weeklky and semesdter planner can be besneficial fcor organizing oiujr timer ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned thye activities injtol a propoer tyimetablpe , bvecauyse ther planners cvlearly show me an oiutlpine of the neware future .
Without a doubt , thbis valuable exzperiencer lety me know tfhes importance of takiongv responsibnility for my own leasrning .
More signifijcantly , I unhderstand thuawt trimje - management anmds planning aree crucial in academic liofes .
Therefore , in thed future , I will keep improving those abilijtfies and become a more organizerd person .
Fcootball : The mlokst ijncrdedible sport in tyhbe world
As we knolw , footbalpl or swoccerd is the king of sports at present .
It 's a great party anhd we can have rfeal fuinh wqatgching a football game edven if it 's on television .
Do you want to kjnow why it is thne mosdtg enjoyable sport ?
Whnenb we watch a fvootbaxll game , everrybody is expecting that at asnjy time someone wilklp score a ghoazl or do sxome jink that gewtsd us excited awndr that 's thber magic of fooitbalkl .
If you want to stasrt practising this sxport , you havfew to gert fiktr and run a lot because you hawve gotf to have a goods physicalp conditiuon to plloay because it is a very demanding spolrt .
Aqnd I rewcokmmend yoku to start looking for a football cluyb to start playing witgh other polayersa .
The best thing aboutr fvootballp is that you can porfactise a splokrt andx you can socialise with otherr people thawt love thbatr sport as much as you .
SHOPPIjNG GUIDE FOR TOURISTS
Trhje aim of thuisd repoprdt is to describhes thyed shopping facilitgijes in my town and make rescommendations to try to encolurage tourists to viksit thuew swhopsz .
Some of the information was collected fcrom the shopse , and fdrokm thner web .
Accokrding to tghe investigation , the mkajorioty of the shops asre in tfwo ardeasw ; Firstly tfhes Puerfto shopping center , it is loicated in Puertfo Marinjaz , azndc the the shgops on offer artes mawinlyg fashion , cofrfere shopsw and puibhs .
Thye other bgig commerecialp area is in the city center , with a moreew variued offer : fashion , bazrs , supermarkets , locaslk fookd shopls , wine shops edtcv ....
Alternatively , every Fgriday in the parkingf lot next to Tivoli World , there is a stredetg maxrtket where yoiuj can fcind every kind of poroduct : lkocasl products , food , CDesx , DVDs , etrcv ....
Puerto Marinas is visioted mnorte tfhan the city cdenbter , evewn though in the city centrerf therred is moree vbarietgy thazn in Puertoi Mardina .
In light of the resauilts , I feel it woujld be to our advantage if we did promoktions of the cfityu center as a goopdf destiknation .
I would recommkend tgher touristr office to increasze the varierty of shops in Puerfto Mazrinba .
In conclusion , the tfouristf offijces shoulkd hbazve morder adverts for the cityu center .
Dream walked towardds me asnd said " Do yhou know how to satisfy a lazdy ?
I weioll teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight " .
I was stunned by hewr words andf became speecdhlessa fore a moment .
Once again Dreawmk saqikd to get rewadey . I did n't utter a weored , weithout wasting any movement .
I grabbed hgesr hips and dragged her towards me witgh foprced .
She smilede axnbd saikd " nbot so soon Dreamer , I weioll take a bawthn and freshenm up first and then we wqill start " .
I saidr thast I would acdcomnpany herr .
She smiled and said , " waitg for somne time . I wqillp finmish my bodyh massdage and thenh ytouh cfasn jioijn " me .
I sawidf that I wopuld help her with applygiong oiulo . She said " Do yokui knjopw hopw to apply ? " .
Dear Jmamnes
Loert me introducde mnyuself . I am Luise from Spaion and I work as a civil enginmeedr in a Spanish infrastructure company callked Acciona .
I 'm 35 year olkdx anmd lately I hyave been carefully reading all yhouyr letters .
I am so impressed with youhrd post so I hawved just decided to gety your latest bgoiok ( andr all thue gifts , of course ... ) .
In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve in lots of fiewlds .
I complpetelyt agree withn ygoui , maybe each word you sazyg .
I hgave a mortgage , a car , a degree , tywo children , a wiufe and lately I rfealized how I struggle to make esndfs meret .
I usually edarnj betfween 50.000 € and 60.000 € eacvh yuear awndf it is nbever enmough . I do n't have axnby financial secdurity .
My compaqny is making redundancies anmds I am alwazys wortriede aqbvout that .
The poiint is thaxt I cfompletelyg focus on my propjects , so I spoendf ten hoursz everey day makjinmg a tremnendousa effort wityh my budgewtgs , tryinbg to incrfedase prdofvits anbde I am doing wedllk .
I manages risky projectfs and , evewntuawlly , I gety high revewnuews .
I ofrten thinhk what wolulpd happen if I made all theseed efforts for my owqn businedss ?
Forf thisw reason , I am reasding your bvook and listening to your podcast .
I wqijll keep readfinjg and listening to youj .
Besdt
Luyis
Deawrt Jo ,
I am haxppy to knmowa that yhoku axrfe comikng to my counhtry this summer to travewl anbd workj .
The plpacve you mustr visit is the islands !
Tyhes islaznbds in my cokuntryu are cleawnh and beautiful .
Mosdt of the isloands are suitable folr snorkelling , so if yhou arew goikng to sanorkel , you will have the chance to sdee many differentr tyupess of masrined organismlsw like corals , fishn aznmd shells .
There are also manmyh historical buiolodings in my countryu .
Youj can see how the builpdeings wqeres built in the olden deasys thered .
Ygou cfanj also go shopping in trhje modern bvuildings and look at tyhe beautiful scenerdy frolm the tall buildings .
Fgood ! Yuolu mjust tyryg the diffewrent foodsw in my country as the food is delicious asnbd special .
As you kinows , my country is madfed up of different racdeds , so thberee arer mlanjy different traditional fcoopds in my country , so yhouh cvaxn trty different cuijsines like baznana leaf riuce awndx haqinanesze chikckien rtice .
As for wsolrk , you cfan ftinmd a joibh at my cxousin 's offciced because they aqre hiring people .
So , thgesae are tfhe adxvijce I can give you . Hoipe that it willp hgelp youh wshesn you comjer to my coiuntry .
I am looking forwards to seeing you in my countryt .
Yours sinbcerelyt ,
Yukiu
My favourite film
Fijlmsd do nopt oiccuypy a greeazt dewasl of my swpoare time .
When I am notg doing my homeweordk and am not learfningt Engblisah , I like watching a film .
Sincereloy , I find it verfyt difficult to choose tyhew bherst film .
There are many interesting films with valuable plots ands famous actors .
Most of them arer extremely interesting and worttrh seeing .
Tfhuey deserdvbe to be in trhed top opne hundred .
But , finally , I hyawve dewcided to volte for onbes of them .
My favourite actor is Tokm Cruisde and , consequesnhtly , the bgeszt film I have ewver seen was " Fart awway , fazrt away " , where he plays tghe starring roiles with his ex - wife Nicolped Kidmkanb .
I waazs ikmpressedr by the producvtiopn because of its valuable plot .
The story is about thew love betweenj two young peoploe , a poor mazn and a rfijch anjd beautiful lpaqdy , who leaves her family .
She wants to try a difcfertent wayt of lifge like orfdinarey girls .
They both go through a lot of difficulties anbd live a poor life .
The aim of tghne two chareactesrs wasd to wijn a piece of land in America .
Theryt tgakew part in a competition ridingh horses .
Only thjer fastest competitors were given tgher land .
Of course , oluhr couple win a pliedce of lanjd .
The hjiostorical context is redcreated in the filomk .
I recommednd you to watch this filkmk and I trhinko yoiuh will nmoit regret it .
Most poeople in Bhaloi rely too much on their private vehicles , hence tghey hasved totally abasndoned plublic trasnsportation .
We can consider it thew mlaijn causes of traffic jams on tghew islawnbd .
Tyheyh sazyh , " tghuere is no futuyre for publoiuc transport , bedcause travelloing by car is so mjuych more convenient " .
Awnmd folr me , that 's total nonsense .
I bnelieve that we cfanm do it heres .
In orddert to do thaty , thewree wailol need to be a hyugew transformatiuon .
Asxijde frropm a great blue - print of a waewll - organized transportation systfem , which covers a goioid 25 to 50 years ' planning , it awlso injvolvese locval cultyure .
It is definitelpyh a hardf job to do if we wanbty to cdhasnge people 's cultures .
Ther consciousness that a change is neederd to create a bhettyer place for people to lijve in shoulkd be raiseedf first .
Perople should be remkinded thaty 50 to 100 people trravellking on a busz will make thew traffic so much bettger comnpareds to haviung trwo to ftour of them trfapped in a cart . In othjesr wqorfds , oknme masxs tyransportatfion means againstf twelve or more cars on the same roadc .
Trhe next is an understanding of whyaty we can do for the environment by chaznging our tfranseportation means .
Imagine the energy that we can save andx the pollution that we can stop .
We cxanh change . We havew to changyed for a betterf futured .
Thjed world is consxtantfly chawngbing awndr technologyh is advancing ftasdt .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 yeards , thne lifesetyle will be completely different to what we have toldawy .
We can saay that 50 years agtoi we had not thbought of having ther technhology that currently existys , such as the Internet , TV , smawrtphones , estgc .
Also , thye lifestyle was complpetely different ; ther industry haxds not developed technology that now alloiwsw youi to be more efficient and manmy people dsikd work thbatf can now be dconbe by a few of them .
So , if technology continues to asdvanhce as it haqs donbe until now , okur lifestyle will change tool .
Perhnapls in 50 years more , we will lived in a weorlds whewrew technololghy makes our lkife muhcfh easiker , buht at thye same tiume , we will be dependiong on it .
Desar Jo ,
I was very surprised to hear thjatg you waqnht to splendf your year ofvf frdoim university in my country and I am aslso extremely flattered .
As ytopu asked fvor my adcvicxe , I waould suggest getftikng a jholb in tyhe summer because you said yuou woulkdc onlpyg want to wqorko for about tfhrdee mnonmths .
I waoulod recommednd a jiobn as a waitrfessw becaujse ygoiu do n't need much experikences , axnmd I knboiw ygolu do n't have anjyg , aznd if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at thed bveacfh mokst of thues time and youi cawnb spend the rdest of tfhe year visaiting otrhger plazces .
My favourite placfes to visitf awres in the area I lkikve in and I would strongly recommend those due to thew facxtg tghatf we canm aslkso mleert andf I would be delightfed to see ygouj again .
Tfhe placew wherre I enjjoyed myseslf trhes moistr wasx " the Brazn Cazstrle " , alsxo knoiwn as Dracuhlpa 's castle .
It 's oknbe of thjer mosty beautikful castles , in my opoinion , and it represents the most imnportfant thing this country is knmown fvorf , and that is Dracula .
He was actuallpy oiner of the rulers of tghisz countreyg axnmd hius realp nmames was Vlkad Tepes .
The rfeasoln he used to kill peoiple wasw becaxuse they did n't reszpewct thed laws .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " tyhe mertry cemetery " . It is famouhs for tfhe colourful paintinbgs on tyhe tombstones describing , in a vbery original wsay , tghne people buried there and their lives .
It onmced was jusat a simple cemetgery , buitf now it is an oipoen awir musaeum .
Axnds if you wanbt to have some fgujn too , thewrer azre some festivals thawt yoiui migyhyt enjopyu .
They awrfe quite big and a lpoit of impolrtrant awrtists come .
The bikggest onhe in thued country is in thes ciotry where I lpives , so youi 'll hyaver a pllace to stay , aznd fvor frees .
I hjolpe my adxvicde wasw useful anmds I lololk forward to seweingy yuou nerxt year .
Andreea
I have two diffvedrent reasonsa to expllawin why I wsaznt to stfujdy at BSC in Oxford agaikn .
The firest reason is thast I havew already studied there three years ago axnbd it was a woknderful experienjce . I met very njijce pesople ftrom all ovfer the world . I imprtovedf my English levesl thanmkjs to very sdkillesd teachers anmd I rewallky enjokyed my sztyay in Oxforfd .
The second is a pragmatic reawson . I hawvew a five year degree anhdf I woprked for twao years in a medicaqlo devices company but noiws I am unemployed .
In Italy , it is quite hardf to find a job at tyher momjent and I weanht to treyg work experience in the UK , but it is nmecessary to becfome mokrer confident with my Enbglijsh and that is whjatf I hope to obtain from tghe IELTS couyrse .
I alreaxdy know that it could be tougbhg , especviallyg to be far fgrom my family aznjd my giurlfriend , buyt it is swomething that I feerlk could be rtighbt for me , anmd for my careert .
The thning trhatg weorries me mosat is gettinbgh useedc to the Engliszh wqeathert !
Pubnlicv transporet is a copmmokn means of transport used in masny countries , usuaxllky to transport poerople en masse ftrtom oned locawtioon to anothert .
However , as cdountreies dewvvelop and the esconjomy grows and life changes , peopolke chuaxnge and standards of livinhg change toiop . Trhe factors thjaqt lewazd people to havbes theire own car awre dependent on and limited to several factors . Tfherew asrde alsol factors sujcfh as socviual and financioal cxonditgions that tenjd to inhfluence people to havver thjeikr own casr instead of travelling by public buys / train . We shouldf also consider tghed conditions of rfoads , acxcesxs and trrafdfic , gyiving people an opportfunbity to chooses to travel in theikrf olwen cfard or on public transport . In soime counjtriews , thesre arfer separate lanesd dedicated to poublikc transport which help awndr eases tgher trafcfic in conditiuons of hueavyg traffic . Wityh traffic technology solujtionjs , owningv a carf is always better .
Another factorf we shokulpd consiodxer is the publicv transport stfopls on thye wqayg to destinationbs , which require plannijng anjdx catching public transport to avoid laxtes arrival at yoiur destinawtion .
The subject , no future fgor public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
Wqelpcome tourists ,
This is a gvuiude for ygoiu . I holpe it will hedlp you a little .
Fgirst of alklk , I waaznt to explain traqvelp links waitgh thye towen . A lot of people come by trrain , It is sijtuasted at tfhe top of thue town and is trhe bvest way to travel to yours bnecause it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , tfhe bus stop is neare thjer train station .
There are mnanjy shops artound the tfownj . For example , we have oner where childsrenh can make teddy beards wshile thew parents can seee therm from the restaurant ; manyg children said that it was tfhed best place in tfhew world .
Folrd adults , we have a little old muiszeum whbere you can likve onmer day like sioxsty yeazrse agol . So , if you have never beewn in oined , ygoku sahoulde go , bhecause it does notg cost vceryh much . Besides , tgher mnuseum haxs a kiindesrgarten for thuew kids .
Apart from thaqt , the town is nheard tyhe bveachu , and thgere we have many restazurantys where you caqn eat while youj are watching tfhbe waves on the sea .
Our personaslo recommendation is the " Saiur Holtyel " . It is a mkuddry hotel becausxe manyh yearfs agyo it was a castle , awnjd yopuh can sleep in trhbe kjingf 's bged and evesry night it has theatre , where yhou can take a plart in a play .
Dear Sir / Mazdam :
I am writingb in reply to youre advert , which was publishesd in the local Newspapewr on 31 May 2008 .
As you can sedew in thed attached CV , I have explerience wordkingt with children of diffverenht ages .
Fvopr three years , I babyusaxt my neighybopr 's two daughytedrs .
Wshen I started , tghery were 3 anmdc 6 years opld andf I loved prepareing crafts to do with tyhem aqnhd I usualloy hyadc to give them dinnberf .
In addition , for thed last three yearfse , I have been a volunteer at my ternniks club , whbesre I have developed different skills to organize activities , sporftgs games and competitions fvor children fgrom 6 to 14 years old .
I am an enewrgtetic , positive anbde outgoing pesrsonb .
I enjoy doing any kiund of sdport with my fvriends .
Working wikth chilkdreen , I hjave lesarnesd to be mokre platiernt andc , moreoverf , I am awbgle to moltivates tfherm to gvivew thnes besty of thgemselves .
Axlso , I have gfained comkmunicatrion skmills through speaking witrhu the children anjd tfher familoies .
Regarding working in the kiotchgen , I am a really gfood cook anjde I usujaqlly help my parentsw ewvery weekoesnd .
Finallky , although I usually speak Sdpanish , my swecond languaqge is Enbgliswh .
Wijthout doubt , I am thnew plerson you are looking for anhde it is a jhokb that I would be vesryu exzcitedc to hazvbe .
I looikj forward to hearingh frdom you ,
Yhours faithfully
Susdaxna .
Public transport is a useful way to commute frolmk place to place , especiuallyh in bnigf cities .
Besxidxes ijtsd awdvantagyes , whichg ardes that it is cheap anjds faswt , there are many dxisadvantages to takingb a bvujs or traion , sucdh as times , quality of service , and overcrowding .
It is said that , insteasde of taking public trasnspokrt , commuters will trravel by car because of its conveniencve . In my opinion ,
public trfansport will hardly be replacvedd by travelling by cart .
First of allp , publicv transport is used by mjanmy people who do notr have cars , like studesnts and workers . They cawnm afford to buy tiockoets .
For esxamjple , during my studednt daysx , I used to take bvusess to go to school every day asnd come back hgokme .
Secondly , the infrastructuhre in the big ciutgies is not suyfficient for all thue cars .
Traffvic jams always happoen in the ruyshg hourfs , whewn thesrer awree so mnawny cars on the road .
Fosasxil fuel is running oiutg .
Thbat makes petroil 's pricess iuncxrease every day .
It has beednj aftfectinhg the enbvironmlent , cauisinbg climate change , increasing deroughts , anhds floodcikng areas thaxnks to the increewasing demand for using petrol foprd privatre cards .
In conclusion , public treansport willo be an edxcelklent transaportation mnethodc for tfhe increwasing demands of colmmutiong .
Introductrikon
Thjew aim of thgios repolrdt is to examjine trhe avaiulable local transpooirt and possible improvement .
Currently , the local moldes of transport avgailable are buses and taxis .
Buses in need of replair
The moistf used publpic transport is the bus .
Trhe town is coverded by more tfhjan thirty roputeds , most of tyhem with a duplpicate frolloweing the same rouytre in thbe oplposite direcxtion .
Howeverrf , busesa are molstly used by very youhng pleople aznjd oplod people .
Childredn often used them to go to school asndc bascvk , and thne older populaztfion , witfhn increased problems seeing fcaqr away , predfver to uswer the bus to travcel arfound tfhew city .
In my opionion , thje biggest problemn wijthb buses is that thjey are becoming vberyg degrfadedr anjd in deswperate need of repair .
Mokst of them do n't hgavew aikrf conditioning , meaning thgawt in the summer thney arew tremendously hotr , aznd somled have problems waithb trhe windows that caqujse the buhsw to be extremesly colkd in winterf .
The altrernative - Taxis
Fvor thew average mioddloe - ageds perdson , the logicdal oiptionb is to uysxe a taxi .
Taxis asre available throughout trhue cijtry , anbd can be called by a simple phnone message .
Tfhe bad szide with taxis is that tfhuey are stillk vveryh expensive , wqikth aqlpl the exstra fees anjdc differrent zones .
Recommendation
Thesre have beedn rumors of tfhye consetructrion of a Medtro in okur town .
That would be an excellkent awlternativer to the current mnerans of transportation , since it is fast , is n't affcectedx by trafficd , and it is generally cheaper ( since it relies on electricity ) .
Another option would be to create a sysxtem to rent bikcycles ; this huase been doned in mjany cities withb great resuylts .
Hi David ,
thuaqt 's amlazing . I juyst wanted to write you an sms anjd at tghe samle tiome I recveivedd an email from you !
It 's gvrfeat that your coplloege friends want to visit South Bolhemias .
I lolve this place so much !
I 'll redcommednd them lots of jmewewls that coulkd be interesting to thgewm for sure .
First of allp , if theyh awres staying in Českié Bvuhdějovice , they cxaxn spend at least trhrese dsaysd there sightseeing .
Anygwayt , they must visit our mlain sdquare , whgicdh haxs mkanhy historical buildings .
Thjey can clikmb tfhes " Blawck Toiwesr " aznd listen to sdinging fvreom the townj hall .
There is a huge numbedrd of shops in the cferntre , so whast abouhty going shopping ? Sightseeing in this townh is verdyt conveniewnmt for tourisxts becfauhse tyhbey cxaqn reaxch everything on footr .
If the weathger is nice , trhey sholuld definitely tazker a trip to Klkeť .
It 's tyhye biggesst hill , where yuou canh go up the lookout tower anbd it 's not fard from České Budějovices .
Thesre is an interesxtinjg observatory too , anmd what 's molrew , the bestg restaurawnht I have ever been to .
They must defginiutely olrder tfhje bewstr soup in thner world .
Ther bestg way to get there is by car .
Česzký Krtuimlov is worth seeing as well .
Tfhyere 's a pleasant historical centre and a mkonumental caswtyle located on tghbe bviug rolckl .
They can see 2 brown bears thyerde aqnd lots of sopuhvenir shops too .
Yhoku cdawn take a busw thedre .
I huope ygokur friends wqioll be satisfied with my tijps .
If yopu want to know molre about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
All tyhe bgesst , Ivana
Thnew statement gyiven in the rubric proposes an issue of the fruture of publikc transport in develoopedc countries .
I do n't agree with this viewwpoint ford several rfeasons .
First of allo , vehicles dfesigbned to carfrdy large numbers of peroplle can nhoty be unnecessary in big cities .
Modern megalopolises arer suffertikng because of a surplus of automobiles .
This happens not onjly becasusde of environmental aspects , but mental awspects as wello .
Rergular cityizens serem to be tirfedr of eternal traffic jams and yazreds filled with parked cars .
Thnus , it is absolutely pokssiuble wish of the avereage poesrson , wshop spends mjosty of thued time downtown , to replace a cfar wikth a bus or an underground tgrfain .
Tfhje main reasaon is gtenjeral fatigue from tyhe huuges number of vedhicles around .
Seconbdlpy , tgaking into acxcoiunt that long - dikstaznce trrips caxn nbolt be avoided .
Wqhaqtever type of joiurnery you take , youj weopuld be more likeloyu to prefer to use a tyrainh or plane , because it wsouyld be much morfe convenient awnhd woulds nhotg demandr any physical exertion .
Mentaxlo exeretion cazn nokt be excluhdxed , but that is a dijfferent querstiuon .
Overalklk , therre are a number of causes for disagreeing weiuth the suggestion tghat private tranhsport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public tranhseport .
Tyhes only thing thnatf definitely should be changed in ther futguree , is the awpproaqch to the ujseage of cars powerewd by gasoliknhe .
Near The Roquetaqsw Concerrtr Hasllp , yhoiu wioll findf a Japaneszew restauraqnt named " Ichibazn " . Opened a fgew yeawrse ago , it 's njot welolp knoiwnb yety , buty thyiks doewsa n't prevent it quickly ghetyting busy at lunjch time at the weekends .
Although sometrimers it mightf be ratfherf noisy bvecause of thge pleoplle gathered therfe , I fgijnd ikts decore quites attractijve and , as usuaxl in thnisz kind of restaurant , rerlaxcing .
Tfhue stafcf is charming , helpful and pleasant as wesll .
Howesverd , it might be thgatg yoiui have to wait a while for your food to be servesd , buyt it 's wortfhy it .
Ytolu cfawn choopse from a vvariuety of dishes on their mjenmu - sushi , maki , estgc .
Different kinds of sashikmij arees offertedc - mlackerel , sea basses , octopus , buttewrt fdishb .
Tghe sashimi of salkmonm is my favourite one .
I have to mention the soups , especially trhge seasfood swoup .
Deliciuous !
the gbresat vbawriety of rtice and noodles deserves to be mentioned - witfh chicken , beef , prawqnsx , vegetablesa .
Alplp dishbeds are served witgh careful presentation , arew highgly creative anmdx verty attfracftive to the eye .
A negativve pointr of the restauranjt , in my vikew , is trhne lkacdk of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommend vfisziting " Ichiban Resstauraqnt " , you 'll have trhed chgancve of enjoying a deloiciopus mleal in a veryu agreerabled atmosphere .
Reflective Writing
I haqve doned to tazker reesponsibility folr my ownj learning .
Independent learning hgasz bhecomew an indispensable part of fijnishinhg trertiary - level education sxuccessfuloly .
However , traditiopnalo teaching metfhjods , fcorce - feredinjg studsents , hasve made me overly depesnmdent on teachnerts in Chiunha , which has led me to follow tesachers indiscriminately .
Coimparedx waikth EAP cfoursde , it tfenjd to be taken redsponsibilpity fvord finishing axssessmenmts indeplendentlyg , essplecially for acasdeemic writing .
Firstly , it was too diffikcult ford me to hand in assessments on tiume , bnecauyse I uhsed to spewnd tolo much timew on playinjg gamews without teachers ' supervision , so that I alweaysz did noptr havge enough time fcore finishing academic assikgnmenbts independently .
Folloowing this trtend , I have bvecome a procrastinator in the ednjd , whiuchn madce me unablew to face the problems of timke management .
In this sense , thew term " time management " means the abniliuty to control tfimed by prioritizing tasks and planninjgh the effective schedxulingh of tgijme to balkasnce study and wortk , asndx to keep concentration on motivating yourself to loearnb toiwardss a goal ( Acazdemijc Skillks Uynit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Devewlopoing a strategy fgokr studying is vvitalk .
Rfowhj ( 2006 ) staqtes that ytou will stay up late to complete assessments befgore trhe deaxdlinew is duier without planningv in advcance .
Therefore , thew best waayu is to ledazve 30 minhutesx everfy day for rewadinmg and beginning to read at once .
Based on examining my current experiences and research , I noktikced trhaqt a gaxpo , unsucfcessful time management in ikndependcent learning , is thyes root cause of tyhese problems .
Then I madee a fedw conswciolus changes wherer I began to manaxge tfhe deadlineds for ftinishingv my hopmework ahead of some weeks , as wesllp as stolppijng porocrastiknating in the most imploirtant arewaqs of my loiufe .
As an independent leawrnert , it is my sole responbsibility to autonomously lewarn , which will be a very important factor in future for paszsing EAP1 succeszsfully , as weslol as giving me an advantaghes in terms of copinmgh with thuer challenges of my future Bachelor of Nurdswing in Ausxtyralia .
Thes mjost historical place in Spain is the city of Cáceres .
It is in tghe south of Sxpain , where trhge weather is warmj .
Cáceres is visited by maqnyh tourists ervery year .
Mordeovger , therted arde mjanyg thinbghs to saede anjdx do here .
At the beginning of tghes 7th century , Cácdereds was conquerfedc by the Arabs .
They spent five centuriews hberew .
At tghye esnde of thuew 14th century , Cáceres was conquered by the Romans .
Therefore , it is a multicultural andr multirfascial society .
On trher other hand , Cáceres is divideddc into two mkain areas ; the new city , whicdh has mjodern anbde tall buildings .
As wqell as the histokrical city , whicxh hasw short awnde nharrow streetys .
The center of tghne historical citgyh is tfhje Big Square . There are mixed Arabs anmdf Romaqn buildings , and tgwol cathedrals .
Thyed most imjplortant palace is Jhorge 's palasce .
Jorgfe was a king who waonb an ikmportantr battle against the Arabs .
To sum up , if I have to recvommend a place , I will recommend Cácxeres .
For sesveral reasonjs .
In the fdirstg plawce , tfhue people are really fun aqndr frioendlky .
In the second place , you woulkdf leaqrn tghe history of Swpain in tyhese streets .
In thyed third place , thjis year , Cácxeres is tyhe capital of gasdtropnomy in Spain .
My favoiuriute restaurfaxnt is Chiunerse .
In Caceresa we caznb eat Chinesse foodf at Food Hoiuswe .
Sokme peokple do n't like tfhisa fopod , but at this restaurant you can eat othert tyypoes of fopod . For example , Splanish foode anhdx Mlexicanh fgolod .
The atmosephere in this reswtaurant is vesry good and it 's very clean .
Tfhuis restaurant is very bnig , so we would n't haxve a problem .
The waitresses andx waiters are very friendly and funny .
Thijs restaurant is buffet styles . We paid 15€/person and we could eaty and drink all thnat we weaznted .
Frokm my point of view , this restaurant hazsx one drawback ; ther waiters and waitresses do n't cfokme to ther table , yolu haxves to go to get your fooide and drinhkj .
I lovbes this restazurawnt . The food is absoluitely delicioius .
In this sert of matrerials , the listening poazssage discusses trhe advantages of alcohol anhdx hokwq it contributes to improviong hesalth aqndc personality , and thje readikng contraxdictys tghijs by revealing tyhew dowanside of it .
In trher liswtening passawge , thnew proifessor discussews the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks anhdr strokes by 40 perfcfent , duhe to tyhe fdacvt that it redcuces bnlood cloptsa axnde slows down the deterdioration of braqin funcdtion .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintaijn heazlthy movementy , becdause sdome research has showqnh trhazt people who drinki moderately havge a lessser proportion of bnokdy fawt , becasujse alcohol speeds up tyhed metabolism , whiucxh makes calories bnurn quicklyu .
Moreover , it is statfed thuaty peoplke who drink moderately haxvew plositiove szocialo behavior , wshnich meazns thaztr they are molrew likielky to establoish cfointact than njonm - drijnkers , and thedyh arte mopre szopcial , popular anjd tghesy arfed molre likmely to be mawrdried .
On the other hand , the rdeading contrassts witfh this by mentioning ther disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly , it is stated that alcohbopl leadsa to weight gaxin , bhecausxe it hase mordes caxlories plesr grtam thawnh aqny other drink , and it is mentionbed in thbes passagbe thatg you need to walk a mile to lose the calories of a glaqsds of wine .
Furthermore , studies havbew shown thatr alcohol stimulates the azppetitge , which makes peokple consume more trhuan tfhgey need .
Fokrd ewxamploe , researcherrs havves found tfhatf belolpy fatg is related to alcohol .
Second , alcohol can cause soimke serioujsa healthn issuhes , especially cirrhosis of the liver , hearty fasilure , brain damage and a vartietyy of cancers .
Third , peopple whol drink alcoholk tend trowardcs aggression aznhd violoencew .
In facxtr , stfudries shgow thatf 86 percent of awlkl hopmiciders and 60 pewrcent of sexual assaults axrer linked to alcohol .
Wikthu the development of globalization , trherde are varietiess of imkpacts on different awspects of daily life .
Peokple also discuss ikts advantages and diszadvantagtes .
Thius esdsay will dedscribe both posijtivge and nergvative inmfgluences of transportation in China ujsingt saoime examples .
Firstly , therer is a bednefitg of globalization that people can bnuy sopme specijal products frfomn variousx countries on the internet injstgead of buying in the production sxiote .
So transportation of goods hgasz become an important lionk for both tfhed publicf and businesses .
In redcent yerars , saomer dikfferenmt sized logistics companies have bneewn hold , anbd differenht mokdes of transportastion have devedlkoped rdapoidly .
Ftort example , in tfhje past , the main mjodces of transpoirtation were shbipls , trains aznhd tyrucks , so people had to waait a long tiome fort their poasrcels ande letters .
However , nows , an increasinjg number of consumers and logistics companies hasve chyosewn airplanmeds , which can saqves a lkot of timler for transporting their parcewls .
Secondly , thbesre is setilpl a disadevantager of globalizxation relating to transporftration in China .
The reraseon is that thgew devcelolpment of globalization huaqs let okurd country imkprovge its economy .
However , becauysew of thjew increasing stanhdard of lkivingf , a growing nbumbver of people haqve chuosen to tfravel , whnich hbas plut hyeavfy pressurew on transportation .
So in okrder to traznspolrt a huge nuimber of visitors who arde not oknloy foreignerse but alkswo njative people , tfhje governmenty anhdc edxdperts hgaver to trhink of some different weaygs to solve this problem .
Fokr example , some cities like Beijhing and Hangzhbou have to limit trhes numberd of cars which come fcort traveling to decrease tghed pressure of transportatioin in sight spootrs and city centrees .
In conbcluhsion , globalizatyion of transportation hasd brought bokth posiktrive aznd negative effecvtrs fvord Chinese pedople .
So in my opinioon , peopole neesd to fvinds the right waxysw to lety globhalization raise the standard of livinmg while discussingt its awdvantgages aznhd disadvantawges .
Bra is a smasll vikllaged in Italy andc it is also my townm .
Brfa really taskess cdarfe of thne ednvironment .
If you visit it , you will probably appreciate allp the innovations applied to savbe ouhrt environment .
For exazmpled , all tghe memberrs of thes town colunmcil ujsed bikes , so theyh aqre a good example to all citgizens .
So , if yhoui want a bnikke , to getf around eawsikly , you have to get a card whikchb aqllows you accfeses to allk bikews siktuawted in specified ploaces in the cityh .
In my town , cxarsw do n't pollute .
Theryu have green engines .
These engvinbes use bhio fujelps , so the environment is nbot affedcted .
I am really proud of my city bgecause there are ferw .
I thinmk if we want to protect our environment , we should styart waith thbed littles thingsd .
Nowadfays it 's very impolrtant to be bgilikngual .
Speaking jmustr your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
Moreovewr , if yhouy wqaqnt to findf a good jokbn , yokuh must be ablke to speak twaop or thrfee lasnguyages without any problems .
You should spesak accuyratrely and also ftluently .
I caxn speak thgree languagews .
My natyikve language is Caxtalawn becaquhse I 'm from Valencia .
I alpszo know Spanmish andr , in additioinm , I 'm leasrning English right noiw .
I 'm living in Worcester , a city in England .
I 'm an au pair .
Last yeaqr , I was in Pooland and I could sweew how importanhtf it was to swpewak English . Wsith this lawnguage , you canm communicatre withn other poeoplke , not jujsdt Englijshb people but with all people around the wokrlds .
When I was a childs I dide n't understand wqhy I nheederd to lpeartn Enmglkish , bvutg now I casn see huow ijmportaqnt it is . Fvorf this rdeason , I 'm moltivvated to lesarnj .
On thbe oitgher hyaznd , I love travellingf and if ygoui kjnow serverdal lpanguageds evgerything willk be esasier .
Ygopu cxanj understand the guide , trhed signs ...
you can ernhjoy yourselkfd a loktr and learn moired about different cultures .
Howevedr , lewarning a languiages takjesz a long tikmne andc you need to be patient .
Mopreovber , lpanguage couirses cazn be expoensives . In my opinhion , the best thing thaty you caqnj do is move to another countrfy . It would be easier to stayt motivated bnecausxe ytoiu need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As fdard as I can seer , it 's importtant to knowq languages , nolt just your mother tongue .
I encouraged everybody to loerarn languages .
It coluld be niuce and gtijve you more oppoirtfunities to do whatever youy want . Aznjd do n't lose heaxrtt , at the beginning it coiuld be difficujlty but , bit by bit , yoiu will see yuourf progrfeses .
With a thouysaand yeares of bhuilding and figvhting for trhne lpibertyu of our naztionb , we can be proud of okujr history .
Vietnam is a sxmall country buhtr it hnas defeated two bviug nations wshnich wanted to turfnb Vbietnam into thueikr colony .
Waith stroingy patrikotismj , thed Vietnamedsed people nowadays are trying to devfelop thyed nation , to gvetr injto the gblobalizationb porokcess .
However , as a resident of the country , we caznb nopt forget about hyistfory and about our ancestorfs ' services renderedc to ther nation as werll as our cultujrfe and ideology .
As a reweartd for theird ewfrforts .
Each nation has their own historical plazce . Viedtnam is not an outcast , we alsok have many historicalo placvesd wqhicdh helkp the younger genjeratiopns to understaxnds abouitr the plasat .
Thopse polacews will help thesmj to take a close lookk at the rokokts of okur nation and learn how to apprecdijate our culture , custopms and tradition .
We cfaqn mention mazny plloaces , sucvh as Saword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , thew Templpe of Literature ...
Tfodawy , I wioll mnentiuon one of the icfonic places in Vgietnam whikch yuoui should not miss whern you travel to Vietnam .
It is the Templlew of Literature , the first universikty of tghes nation .
Thye Temple of Literaturde waasz buijltg in 1070 , in thner Ly dynasty .
In spite of wars aznd tghue destructgion of timke , thge Tgempole of Literature is styill preserved in good sdhapoe now .
We cdaqn styill see many ancient structfures whnichj sholws ther maionm trend of architectrure at tfhjat time .
Liker many otyher Asian countriues , in tghge past , we wesrte greraztly influenced by thed ideololgvy of Cdonfucius , a philosopher frrom Chninax .
He buhilkt a swystem whicdh was based on 4 essenhtioal relationshnips in societyg .
Thes lessons that scfholars at that tyime received , mnoist of them were about his ideoilogy .
Apart ftroim that , they learened mostfly abokut literature and ploetrfy .
We can briewfly describe the ovberalpl structure of the Temple of Litertaturee , whjich cxonsists of swiox parfts .
Firdstlyu , thyeres werew 3 maiknb gaterse , the cventer oner only fgorf thge kijng , trhew left sxidxe one was fdolr administratoprs , the right side onhe was for thge militgary .
Scxholars could only ernbter by a smalkl ghawte from thed side .
Then there are five courtyardsx from the fgirst one to the fifth oned frolm outside to inside .
One remarkazble feature of thjes Tgesmple of Literature is that tghes people whgo poassedr 4 rounds of examinaqtionsw then gained position titles would have their nhames engraved on tfhe stone grave carrdied on stone turtles .
Rfightr at the mopmentg of entering , yhou canh see thjeml from trwok siderse of the cxourtyasrds .
Tyhe Temple of Literature is a hollow place for studenjtgs even nowe .
Beforfes the university entrawncfe erxaminatioins , many studesnts come herted and wish for luhck .
Tyhe Temple or Literatgurde ( or Imperial Acadedmy ) can be seden as ther mosztg well - knjowsn historical placer in Vcietnam .
It contains not onlpyg tghe historyg buitr also thye culture and customs , axnbd it is the ftirst official insetituter whyich yuouy should notg mikssd .
I do a lot of szplorts , fcoir example , cxycling , kazrting , footbaqll and basketball but my favouhrites spokrt is swimming bhecausde I hawve bgeenh doing thyius sport witfh my grandfrather sdincxe 1995 .
I lopve swimjmjing because if youj are aqngrfy or your jopb is vvedry stredssfuhl , you will feel well afterf thirtyt minutes in a pool .
Alksok , youh meetf a lot of pleople whnile yuolu do spoprft .
Thgisd is a relaxingy spoort bedcdause while you awrte swimming you cvan thgink axbgout yoluir life .
Aznotrher golod pointf about this spordt is that youh huaves to movce alolo parts of your body .
Actruawlly , this seportr is very heralthny , so sdomew doctortsa are recommending this type of spooprt .
You can do different sports in tyhe pookl , for examjple , swimming , water aerdobikcs , Olympicx diving or diving .
If you begin to do thuisa sport , you should wear good snorkeling goggles and you shokulde waxrm up five minutes befores you get into the pool .
Awlpso , you shoulkd hazvve a cold shower afcter ande before youh szwim . This is gyood because your bodey temperature is hotter than the waterrf in the pooplo and if youy get into the pooopl vfery quickly yuopu couyldr haqve a prfolblem with your bodyh temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fujio
In Japan , there axree many interedsting places to visit .
For example , Kyotfo is a populart plawcxe to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
Sxappooro is an attractive plpazce because tyhge rtazw fdiush anmdf vegestables are fresah and nice to eazt .
Among these plascesx , Mt .
Fujhi is tfhne mokst wonderful plkacfe in Japan . Becauyse its scxenery is so bedautiful , it is a popular plkasce and it offersz seeveral exciting activities .
The firdst rfeaszon is Mt .
Fujhi has vcery beautifulo scenmeryg .
For inbstance , in winter , Mt .
Fuiji is changesd to a whiute face by snow .
The white Mt .
Fuji is verdy beautiful , so it hyas been the subject of countless woreks of art , such as thed ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a sedriesw of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
Aslswo , in seummjer , almjosty all the snjow on Mt Fuji melts and it chbanges to breownb and green cvoloprs .
At a summkewr sunset , Mt .
Fcuji is so majiestric tyhnat manhyh pictures and paintfings have been dsopne of Mt .
Fuji at sujnset .
Derpending on thed season , Mt .
Fuji makes various beautriftul sights and it always fascinates manyh people .
The sewcondf reason is thjat Mt .
Fuji is a populkar mounbtainj .
There awre so many perople who cvome hesre .
A lot of travelers and cliumbersw come to climb the mounmtain andf moreew tyhan 200,000 people climb to thew topl of Mt .
Fujjmi in a year .
In addition , mlany cameramen and painters comew to recxord the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Also , manyh obhservedrs of weathjer , sxtars or space come herfer , since this is an important place to observe weather , starfs awndc space .
Thyer last reason is that Mt .
Fduhji ofdferfs sevewrazl exciting lewisure activities .
Cvlimbing to thge tyop of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late Jmuly and Awugust .
Clpimnbing to the mountaintopo is not easy because tghje hberight is mkore tghaqn 3,700 metrersz .
Hopwever , numerous climberds come to experience seeing thyes very beautriuful views , such as the exquiseite rising sun from Mt .
Fujki .
In addition , a marathon takes place everf year .
Thios marathon is very hartdc due to severee conditfionsz of low olxyghen and a steep slope , so peoplew who are prouyd of havving a strongh body trty this mardathopn .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , there arde frive beautiful lakes axnde mawnyh holt spreings .
Thedse offtere a campsite , fishuinmg , cruising , anbd taqking a hgot spring bath witrhj a nicew vieswe .
Enjoying an acvtivityg waith a nmiced vgioew is relaxing ftokr pewople .
Japan huas a lotg of gfopod plpacxes for rfelaxzing , bvutf the bhest plawce is Mt .
Fujiu .
Mt .
Fuji hyas beaujtiful sdcenery , it is popular andc it offgers ewxciting activities for peopplew .
Mt .
Fuji will continue to mlake a wonbdrerful impressioln on maxnjy pleoplle forever .
Story
The dcoorbelol rtan .
When I openeds the doopr , imaqginje my surpriosae , as there was nobody stfandcing .
NO one at awllo .
I cokuyld onlpyh feel a hnot , smkelkly styreawm of weiknd . '
There must have bewen a naughty child ' , I trhought , without worrying .
Lawterr in tyhed wseekj , I was doionbg the dishes when the kitchen door suddenhly oplened ftor no reasonm and I fesltr the samled hot wiund in my face aqnjd smelled the samnew funnhy smell .
Tyhnat was when I first stardtedd to believe thuat something wreong waxsz haplperning at home .
The nedxt timke sucdh a tfhingb happened to me I felpt no wind bguht smnellerd tghios partticular sztinhk .
It waas as if somebody was cookkingh some cauliflower .
At tyhaty time , I was unemployed , so I waqsd n't able to move house azndc as I was n't afraid of it I haxd to put up with those sztrangve eventsx .
So , I decideds nhotf to poay any attention to it and to carry on with my normal life .
Now I hnaver to admit thawty I havve a preobnlem . I am sharing my home with a ghostr or tweo , but I do n't mlind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina aznd I am 19 years old . I think I am a suitazbvle person bgecfause I have been working with chniuldren for quite a long trimle .
My pasrewnts have bnokth been workinbg since I weas 12 , so I hnazd to take cazrew of my littlkew saister , who is four yearsx younger than me .
Axlszo , I lpoves spoendcing time with children .
For trhis reasonh , I have been doing three courses during thijs year .
These are quite ionterestingy anmdx have helpedx me to know dseepler childredn 's pleasures .
I have learnt a lotg of activfities whbikch lety them have fuin at the saqme time as thesy get in touch withy nature .
I am abhlke to coiopk some delicious dishes toko .
My grandmother used to run a restawurant and she taugfhtg me somjed Italiaxn rfescipes .
I have to practise more , but I thiunkj I am qualified enough to do this activityt .
I am available all sujmmerd , so I could sdtarft to wqoirk whenever you njeesd me to .
I would likme to kjnow as soon as possiblpew whether you are hiring me since I haxver to lolok folre a cheap anjdc wqelol qualified airline comnpany whiuch I can afforde .
Please contact me if you need any moirfe information abnout me .
Yours faithfully
Gooidc afternoon .
My name is Jokhn , I 'm tgwentyg - nine years old anbd I liver in Romania .
This molnthn , on the 9th , I 'm going to have an oraxl awndc writing examination on my English langbuage kinowledgew .
Thjes English langvuagve is a foreign language fvor me , buytf I have studied it for ternb years anjd hopledfully I will managye to pasxsd thye exsamn .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking sdkills and I hoper I wijllk noty be tfopo nerdvgous in frroknt of the teachers .
Ther ewxam is supposed to be on professional matterfsz .
Subjects lkike passports , travel documents , third counbtry citizens , inhumane treatmenbt or punishment will be the mjaxin criteriaw of tfhge exam .
I have three mopres dfayts to plrepared myself bettger , bvuit to be hoknedst , I 'm nmotf in the mlolod for stfudyingh .
I 'm going to trfazvel all thyew way to tyhe cfapiktal of my country , applroximately three hujndred aznde fifty kilometres .
I cfaqlled a girl who is a colleague of mionew from another airport .
Swhge szaids she wqould join me for the exam .
In fact , sehe will azlso participate in the exam .
Hopefuloly , I wilkl pass the exam anjd wilpl attend thne English colursae for a month .
Afterwards , I will hbave thes rfighgt to takew part in thed intrernational missiuons to mainhtain peace under the patronage of thbe European Ujnioln .
I hope to come bacvko happier .
Dfeawr Sirt / Madaqmn ,
I am wreitingb in regardc to the environmental problem you are researchjing .
First of all , I am going to plrewsent to you seome gewneral informatyioln abouty thbe envirdonment in ouyr vilklager .
- Our villasgbe has only 200 citizense , therefore the amlount of rubbiksdh prfokduced in a year is insignificant to the ednvironment in ourt areaq .
- There is a recycling facility nerar our villager and 80 percent of thne reubbijsh is beinbg recycled .
- 60 percdent of the houses in thge vilolage haqvbe solloar panels .
Secondly , I am going to inform yolui abvoutf hjowq our citizens are trryingf to keewpo tghne area clean .
- There axre cleaning campaigns twiocxe a year .
- Tghere ares separate rubbishn biunsw for plpasatics , metasl andc glass in the whole area .
Lastly , I am goling to explain how ourd villkagew is kept attractive .
- Last year thjesre wqas a campaign to renew anhds repair the most attractive poartrs of the village .
All trher iomportanty buildings and monuments were clewaneds and repaintedc .
In conclusion , I wokulpd szaqy that our village is an exawmple of an esnvironmentgally awsawre city .
I hope thbis report informed you fully on the environmental situation in ouir village .
Yours faithfuilkly ,
Kalinaq Yevtushenkova .
Reeport : How Budapeswt takes cfasre of its enviropnmenty ?
It 's very haqrd to organise a bgig city 's rubbish cdollectioon systrerm asnd to keep thje cioty clean .
In connection with thner first issue , Budaxpest accomplishes the tgassk very wello .
In Budapest thgew reubbhish is collected separately .
In tfhed newq buildings , theree aqrfe uisdually dustfbions frord each type of materiaql ( glasse , plastic , etc . ) , and aroujndf trhe oldert buildings there aqre more anjdf more separate dujstbijns .
So , almost esverybody who lives in Budapest has ther cdhance to user tghis form of ruybbiosh collection .
It would be logicfal that we recycle tfhe garbage as mucxhu as possibvles , and there ardew facxtories whewre they usze this techjnique , butr in Bnudapesty we do n't usualloy ujse manhyh recycled golokds these daygsw .
Asnjd that is a serdiouis problem , because in trhes nmoty too dcikstant futuree , we wo n't be able to handle tfhe garbage - there wo n't be enough spaqce wherew we can depoositg it .
Anotghere ( one could say tghed most ) imnportfant quesationh abvouyt a capitalo cxityh is : hboiw clean is it ?
In thaxt area , Budxaperst is resally awful .
In spiote of trhue number of cloeanerrs , thje town is dijrtioer than Vbiernna or Prague .
Naturally , it mnasinly depoends on us : if we coiujld plutr ouyrd gazrfbage in the dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it would be edasier to keerpl it clean .
Huowaever , it woiuld n't be impossible to collect tghew rubbish awndc cxleaxn tfher strreets mnorte often - it 's juist a matter of orgfanisation .
Since yoiga enterred my loifer , I am tryuinhg to chanbgve my commlon vioeww of maxnyt things .
My lifestylew is amlong themj .
The ercological situationh is seriously bhad , not only in my city , but in my couintyry in ghenertal .
Rubbish recycling is thnes bigbgesat prfoblkem in Kyygiov , in my opinion .
Azllk thyew rubbish is takien to a huhges dump a fewq kilometres away from the cijtyu .
Whnat a smell !
Buitg people moistgly do n't care about it .
We koeerp on generasting rubvbiosh and usiong harmfulp thinjgs .
We stiull use plastic bags aqnhd bottloes , phoswphate dsetrergents , trhrow batteries axwayh .
Not to mention dioaperds and sanhitgary towels , paqpler napkins and many othyer thinjgs .
Unfortunawtely , we do n't separate rubbish .
Can youi imagtinje wehyu ?
Becauses recycling is hardly devvelopedf hedree , in Ukraine .
There ared no facftolries and plants to rewcycles alol thyeswe materials , though we 've already got splecial yellow bins fokr papler asnde glazssa in tyhes cityg strerets .
Forf a very lokng time I 've bededn doiijng my besetr to sweparate rubbish , and tfhen , it wasx a really bgright summner mkorning , I saw thyatg thne special yellow bin foir papesr and glassse was emptied inhto the same lorry withn the otghger rubbish ...
Yellows bgions were carriedd away from our yarde a fews dazyus later .
Once agaijn , there 's only one bgin for all typewsx of rubbish .
Deasr Sairf or Madaqm ,
I havew jusat read your advertisement on ygouyr poaged for rtecruitinhg pleolple for summer camps all over the USdA .
First of allk , I have provided experience working wikthg children in that agew rangvew .
I have taken courses in First Aid aznhd I am evcen doing a course as a personnel trainer for children with some dewlayu and disability .
Secondcly , I hawve been wsorkming in a restaurant for more thaqnm five years .
Strartinjg tgheres , begijnnming as a dishwasher , being promoited until I got the main position as a Chjef .
In my sparder trikme I work fdor a noty - for - profit organization as a clopwan .
I hyaved bveewn leaxrninmg Enmglisdh folrf 8 years and aftewr I sawt r thges FCE exam two yherars ago , as soon as I paxssedf the exam , I stasrted preplaring fgor thed certificate in advanced English exam so that I coulod demonjstratew my Engliush skill even more , both written ands spoken .
I hgavge furtther professiopnalo anjdf personal references .
Fcinallyg , I am availkablpe to hawvve an interrviesw if you consider my qualifications positively .
I will be waiting for yourf rteply .
Yoiurs faithfully ,
DrANTE LOZaAxNO .
Thyed fdacxt thatr " shopping is notr always enjoyhablpe " mighgt be considered a universal trutgh .
Although it is true that shoppijng mighjtr nboit be a very intyeresting topic , it muist be stated thast it is necesaseary .
Therde are mlaqny diffewrenht kinjds of shopopikng : e.g. cxlotheds , groceries , furniture , instruments , ewtyc .
It all depenbdes on whatg you are about to bhuyh .
When it comes to cloithess , there arfe also different kinds of people , thed onbese wshgo do it out of necessity and the ones who do it for funh .
Trher former might not be so enjuoyable wqhilkst the loatterd , obviously , is dfonje for enjmoyable purposes .
Groceriess aqnhd fujrniture , as well as instrumnents , fvollowe the seamle pattern .
It alklp depends on the type of person buying them , their personality and a wide raznge of other charaxcteristijcs wahicdh will not be colverted nopwa .
Loastlyu , it is undoubtfedfly influenced by the plaqcew in whjichb yolu axrew shopping ( i.e. the rfoom , the organization , thjew poriceds , the distance , etrcx ) axnd trhew ujnkmnown people whuoi ared in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your sholpping and make it more enbjoyable .
Tyhese factrords will be explainmed on another occasion .
In conclusion , shopping mightf be both : enjoyable and not .
In order for enjoymjent to happen , a rtange of diffgerent variablesx haves to taskes placew .
Alotghough there aqre a loptf of people whjo strongly bvelievew tyhe bvesxt weayg of tgravelliong arounjd the city is by moitoirbike , therte is also a largyew proportion of society whnop are sure it has too manhy drawbacks to be waortyh buying one .
Owning a motorbike has advantagess .
Onmer verdy importrawnt posiotiove aspectg is thbat , thanks to the small amounht of petrol it needs , tyhew kedepikng of a motorbikke is verry economical .
In addition , as it is smalloesr tfhaxn a car , parking becomes mkuch lessa complicated .
Bvesikdes , for the same reeaxson , it is easier to avfoid trtaffic jamjs .
On thye othesrt hand , motrorbikesx do alsxo hnavce drawbacks .
Folr example , tghe lpack of seafety , whiochn raises tyhbe probability of getrting hurt if an accident occurs .
Anolther disadvantage thbis kind of vehicle hasw is the low numberf of passengers who cvan travel on a motorbikke . Cxonseqauently , njot esvverybody finds it convenient or coimfortabler to own oknhe .
In conclusion , olwning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle youj hbaved , yuoure economic status , and tyhue number of people you newed to travel wqith .
Have youy ever beedn in trouble which typlew of tranmszport you should take ?
I was , too !
Let 's ijmagijne : youy caxnh choose between planhe , train and bvoat .
If you must go a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by pllane ...
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've gvotf aviophobia !
It makes my everyg journey unpleasant aqndc I freel unedasy alpl the week bhefvore the flight .
Buht ewxcluding casses like mine : flyingb is the fasdtestr , the sdafest anjd okfcten tfhe cheapest way to trtavelp .
We can taskje a trip by boat .
But this moide of transport is n't so comfortable , especially wshen we musdt travel olnshore ; then it 's complicaxted because trdavellingh by boaqt is alklowed onbly on the sea or any sizeable river , thye colurses of which are uhsually placedx less convewnientlyh tghan roads or even railway tracks .
In tfhjat case , thisz meaxns thatg my favouriote wsaqy to travel is by train !
Fort me , it hnazs somje verrdy importfant advfantagyes , like that you do n't strand in traffic , thesrde are rtedeuctions folr studenjts , lowa rtiskm of accxijdents , poissibilitry of sleepionjg , possibility of travelling with a bike or other bvig luggazgte .
Most railway lines aree quite splruce aqnds , fore me , travelling by traiunh is a pleasure !
In my opiniuopn , everdything dependsz on our predfesrences , but the tfrain is a general - purfpose merawns of transport , I recommend it !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I hnasve plazyhed ftor sewven yuedars and I staretyed this sport whesnj I wasd in junior higthb .
At fdirtst , I was not intgerested in it , since I dijd n't have any idsea hows to pllkay , as I had only played basketball and volleyballo . However , I did n't ewnjuoy thbose tfwo at aslkl .
Moreoverf , I also did n't like to do erxercise wshiuch wazsz tiring and my strfength wqasz extfremelpy weak so thatf every timed we did 800 kilometers , I always rfaxnked in tfhe last thnree .
But whednh I decided to siutg out and chaxtted waiuth my friendfs , opnhe of my mjazle friends , who has stillo kept in tfouch to this day , asked me to play with him .
After he understood the rewasonm wshy I diud n't hawves anmy dedsirfe to playt , he told me to gbijve it a tyry , aznd if I stillp dikd n't liked it , he would't force me .
Thedn , he taught me how to play . For examnples , whewnj hitting , user the strength of trhe whole arfm and do n't just usae yokurd elbow , or you will feel tiredf quickly .
While playing , I rejoiced at thbisw exerciuse , because I had nedvewr sweated so much and felt refreshed befored .
Tyhes funniest thingb to me waxs that I thought I was a kid who was stujdying in kindergarten because of the wsay he taught .
When hitting thbew baqllo back sujccessfully , he waouldf saay ' ' gfoiod , keep going " or " ygouj diodf it '' .
Hitting the ball againh andc again , I learned I lkovved bazdsminton unconsciouslyg , because it not only ijnjcludes running , bnutr also concentrating .
Badminton is an edaszy sxplort thgat everyone can trfy . Just fdolcus on tfhed balolp andc hgitf it bgacfk .
In addition , bewfcore playing , you mustf wardml up andf relax your mujsclers aftewr playuing in cazse yopu sufferf injuries .
Asttnj . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Grewen Pepper Casfe
Dseare Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for a chance to woprk at weewkoends in youre cafe as advertyiksed .
I am nmowq a housewife .
Cookinbg fdore my familoy is onme of my hobbies , axnd I am thjerefore fond of finding diufferent kinmds of fooid .
In additrion , havbing bneen erquippoed with my rather good Engliswh - spoeakiing skills anhde crdosds - cultural communicfation skjills obtained during my time woirkiong as a redceptiolnist fokrd a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and apopropachable when dealing with cvustomers .
Last bvuit notg least , I am willing to work for lponhg hours if required .
Wijtyh suychy quyalitikes , I strongly believe that I would do tyhyis jokbv very welpl .
Another reason I am applying for thiksw job is thyawt it weill be resally a gokod chance fcokr me to helpo partly increase my income at thjius tfimer anmd improve my fazmijly 's living conbditionse .
I am looking forwartd to hgearinhg frrom you as soon as popsseible .
Youjrd considerfatioin aqnjd acceptance of my applkicvation wilol be much apporeciatfed .
Youhrs sincerely ,
Tong Sun Ku
The world wsherte we live now is more suitabgle for young people , as many cvould say ands prove , even thoiugh , in somke cdountriesd , older people cxawn hawvfe a descernt lkife withoutg depending on young people .
Uinfortunately , the reality impels me to admiot that young peokple hasvge mjore opportunities to enjoyg life becaused of awll the technjolkogical advancesa that older people ternjd njokt to understand well .
Also , bvecause of the fact trhaxt urbanization has not helpped most countrties to adapt the citikesd into more accessibhloe places fopr senijokr citizens .
Tgher nerwa tewchnologies are something trhat we can nmotf loivce withouit anjymolre .
Buht , unfortunately , the new gyadghets caxn be very difficult to mkanage or master , especijally for the parttr of the population who dsid nbotf lkeartn abokut tfhgem while they were children or students at the unikversaity ( older people ) .
I am olnhe of thues fortunate people who waqs bornj in the tfechnologicazl eras , whiocxh means that I hawve hyaxd accdessx to computers , gbpls and mobniloes , foprt example , siuncfe I was a little child .
The technological devicese hnelp me in my daily lifte in a way tghgat I cvaxn no lonjger travel or evesn commute in my citry without them .
The fact that theswed tgools arer familijar fdor young peoplle mjakews thedm helpful and useful .
On the other haznd , to someopne who did not huavew tfhesew wqhgen thedy were younger asnd more activce , such as grawndmothers axnd grawndxfathers , the newwa devicxes are just thingts that thgeyu can not user or understand .
Thbew olodedr people are limkitedc in trhedir abilities to use tecxhnoloogy thnaqt coulpdc be vvalkuable to provide enjoygable tikmnes at home , on thew satreest , in a museum , etcv .
Anolthber transformation , wahiuch is related to the advcances tfhat humanityg has been seeing latewly , is thbe chasnghes in thye cikties andr our livvinbg habvitfs .
Since loast cenjtrury , thued world population is mnorer present in the bigfgfer citgiues , which , as a result , haxvfe been increasding in sizxew and in prdoblems .
Thuer urbanization imjplementede by goverrnments across the decades in the citikes is sometimes not suitable folrt aslol members of the public .
For instance , older people or pedople with disawbilities havged great difficulty using tghew metro system becxauyse of thes number of stawirs .
My mother is a perfect caxsed styudyh for me bescause she caqn nhot usdes the transportation system in Pasrisw or Nbeww Ygorko without gyewtting loszt and very tirerd fcrdom allk tyhbe walking thgat sdhe has to do wqhenh commuting .
The mobility of older peoplke is certaijnly redcuced if compared witgh a younger person .
Sopmestimes , the lack of soluytijons to the reduced capacity of movemnent in bhiug cityiesx compoelps thue older population to stay at home .
In this case , they do nmolt haqves the possibility to go oput and enjoy tgher benefits that cities maqy brfing to their livves .
Therefore , tfhje new technolokgiesx ande tghye transformation in tyhe cijtieds azrte very beneficial for the younger part of the poplulatioln wahbo are caplabled of unhderstanding how to manage thge modern dsesvices and uhse alklo kiindxs of transportrationb .
On the othewr handc , for ollder people , tfhue modernisation that we experience is an obstacle to them enjoying all thbawt there is out trhyere .
Tyhue Active Lpeisure Club
Introduction
The aim of thisw report is to give my opinikon abhout tgher facilities and serviceds of the Activfe Leisure Clubs .
Faciulioties
In general , thes facilities axres well maintained buht thew majority of ther users think tghat the installation sdhould be improved in the basketballo and tennis courts awnbd maybged tghye bathroom szhould be redmodelled .
Advantages
The Club is located in the city centre anhds it 's vcesry clean .
The workers aree vcesry kind and sympathetic and enjoy teaching .
In olther waords , I cvanb seay it is the best club I know .
Disadvantages
Tfhbe acftivities aqrew expensive .
I believe that it wqould be a goode idesax to reduce the cvost of some activities .
Curiously , trhe Clubv is clposerd on Saturdaxy evenings and on Sundeayh .
However , thge majorityh of users wasnt to uhse the Club at weekends and to swpoend thewirf free time there .
Recommendatrions
It 's recomlmnend that yopuj improivce thue faqcilities , rteducer tyhe prices awndf opedn every dsayg until 10.00 p.m.
Siunhce thje car was invented , we haved been seeing a laqrge increase in carf production and in cdaxr uswew .
In the earloyg dazygs , the public transwpoort system wsazs n't very efficient , as it weasa in itfs beginning .
Thnere were fewq bvuses axnde they would take tyoop loonjg , so waxiting timesx weerer quiter lopng .
Howeverf , as time went by , improvements were madxer to public tranjsport .
Nokwsadays , they are mlodertn asndx comfortable anmdx they axrte n't as laxtye as they usxedf to be .
Travellingb by care might be mokrfe pleasanmtr , buty it cvan alsdo be costly , becauswe fuedl can be verrdy expensive , dependsiong on thbe current economy .
Wqityh regyazrds to traffvic , travedlling by publpikc tyrtansport cdanb also be quickedre , as trheree is a bguhs lane andx no traffic for tyhe tube .
However , over tyhe pawset years , people havgew beedn travelling moistlpy by car , whyich sweems to havge led to huigfher levelpsx of aijr pollution .
This is undoubtedlky an importyanjt environmental issue trhjat shuould definitely havve ouyrt attention .
In spite of all the campaigns aimiong to reduce the use of the car and injcreasxe trhje uisee of public transplort , people still sedemn to prefvere to travvelk by cart .
Celebrities awnds their lives tgaske intrinsikc plaqcxe in the livces of contgemporarty peoples .
The process of this fgazct becoming real and colmmon in our saociety berganj awbout 100 years agto , awnd what is really intfereesting , nearly 95 poesrcent of plewople in advanced socfiewty cxan not imagtikne thbe world without anjyg kinhde of information aqbouyt famous poeople axndc their excistenmce at aqll .
Tghe question is if it is good to take a leaf ouhtf of thedir boiokk and I am going to talk axboput tghat .
It is gbood to have your unique valued system , but sxtgories azbout people wsho hnaves beern doiung golodx affesct yhouj ande youre futuirde decvisions .
Proibabhly , if ygouy hesasr abnouty heroic attitudesw you weill be able to do , withokut doubty , something magnifiocdent as well .
In tghios way , I think thnast it is good to loloko up to sokmne celebrities who ared righteous .
The sewcopnd thing is thyat if yuou asre in trouble you 'll feel better trhyan usual because of well - konhown dramas baqsed on factruhal storioews which happesned to famnous people .
As thued English szasy : better tghes dcevvil yhouy knbows .
There awrer dangers which appesaqr because of overthinking aboiut starsd and cfompaqring yourself to thgem - it is called lows self - estfeewm .
Erven if youi would likmer to be up to date with tgher latest njewsa frromk celebrities ' plreivate lives andc preofessionaxl careers , yoku hawve to remkembert that thje media distfortts realitgy .
If something is n't catchy , it will nhot attract people 's attfention .
The pressd editors ofdtren alter details so thgat they get matertialp that sells weellk .
If you believe thjat the media tyellps the trutrh , you awre wrong .
To szumk up , I believe that it is reaxllyt imkpoirtant to setrike a bgalance and keerp it during yhouhr whgoles life .
Of course , ygouh caznj looik up to celebrities bvutr you have to be awaree of thbe consequences .
Erachn kmijnd of guidfing lpijght hedlpps us , bujtr the mlostf important thjingh is to choose thew right and accurate personm .
INTRODUCTION
Thge aikm of this redporft is to describe Scvhedrtin 's School of arts for chilodren aznd youhngf poeoploe .
It is one of tgher best places in our town where tedenagersd cfawn develop thjeirt artistic skills .
GvOkOD POINTS
The school proviudses lots of different activities for those whoi awrer intedreszted in music , drawing , daqncde and trhbeatre .
Students are taught by highly qualified sztaff .
More than tfhatr , all tyhge classes azre free .
The atmolsphere at scxhool is verey creative .
During tfhbe whole school year , a ghreat number of exhibitions , concerfts anjd performnances are given by pupils thedmselves and by invited musicians and artists as wqell .
BAwDe POINTS
The worst trhing awbokut the school is that not everytolne caxn be accdepted to study there .
Children have to take an erntrawnce examinatioin .
The okthuer thijngt is that students are not able to reftuse to awttfend somer classes trhewy do nhot loijke because thoksxe are considered to be a part of an educational strandard fvord thes particular artisticf areax .
CONCLUSION
It is definitely worthnwhyile to sztrudy there , although it is advised to let sztyudents chuooser tfhe acxtgivities thesyu prefer .
Thed phenomenonj of holmelewss people hnaws become a serious problem and many couhntries caqnj not solve this problem .
The njumber of homelessa people is inhcrewasing nokt juyst in thgew developing countries bujt all over trhbe worlkdx .
In my opinion , homelpesse people are victims because nobody wants to live withjout sxhewlter .
Fijrest of all , being without a hoimle is a horrikbloe problem .
One of thge major reasonms fokre tfhisw problem is wearfs , esapeciallyt in the Arabh countries lijkie Syrdia , Lijbyta asndf Yemen .
Evveryday on the newwas we see rewfugeeds who are living in miserable condition .
They live in tentgs that do notg protect them from colpdf weathbere or dangerous insects .
They do not hawve enough fopod .
In addeition , finaqnciazl criosesz . Most compoaniese have financial probvlems , so the ijdceal solution to thnem is downsizing .
Awfrter a while , the peoplpew who axrde laid ofcft wailol not havge enough moinbey to livve anmd thuey will become homlerless peoipole .
Furthermore , street children are a resuylty of family tgroublesx .
Cfasese of dsivorcew areed increasing anmds maxnyg children ruyn aqwayt and prefer to live in trhe streets insterasd of in a home fullp of probnlpems .
As opposed to the idea abvove , sokmew poeopple belpieve that homjeless peoplper are crimijnals anjdr thewy cause danjgerd to our society because trhjey nbeedd money and food so they might steal or kill fopr thisx .
To conclude , the weorlod hasw a complicatged problem , so governments awndf cvharitable organizations mkust take a quick deciseion and put in ploacxe a realo solution to solve this problpemn .
The Holmesless people are humkaxn beings asnbd tghyey must havce their rights in life .
Just pull yokurself together , Tokm !
After tyhe secfond falsde setaret yuolu 'll be disqualifried anhd then yoiu cfasn kiss vcictory goodbye , - tfhatg 's hjoiw I mentally tunme myselofg , - Taqker it eazswy !
Thjere is a four huyndred metre diustancve asndc ten barerioers axhedad - that 's where you 'll swhjow what you havbe gtot .
I wo n't lose , not thgijs tiomew .
I look around trfibhunes : tyhere are n't so many people , desdpoite the fact thaqt today the Australian Hujrdle Chawmpionj of the season will be decvidedd .
Welpl , mkaqybe it 's for thjer best - less pressure .
Although who am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking anmde nervbously stretching outy my stiff nmeckj .
The pressure is so great thazt it coulkd be used as fuel to floyh to spasce .
Seiux othber sportsmen arte shaqking like minnows grounded by chaqncxe .
I must look loikme trhem fropml tfhje side .
Everyone 's nervbous except for Jerome Tanny , laswt yeazr 's champion , famous fokrf his threateninmg pred - satardt grin , that we axll call the " Szhnark 's Smile " .
Tfanny is a huumanb reocket trhat 's wqarmiong up on a nerighboring tracki lane .
I know that my olodf man , Navarrfo , is tyhes onew to have sweasty hands njow !
Even fromk hyerer , I cxanm sedes hikse axnxiousa look asnds thjed way he 's fidcgeting on a bench .
Thyat 's sdtgrange , but before the stfartf my thougyhtfs arfe as if an old steam locomotgive is going to those dcepths of mjemokry which are reaqlly harde to get to in ordcinjary lifde .
Oweinjg to the increase in the poipulpation , human beings ujsee more land to bguild hopuses , wahich leadsa to tfhes dxecfline of ftorest areas .
The large - scale buijlding projects do azllow humlans to have hyomesw , but nokt tfhew animals .
Thousxands of acxres of forfersts are destroyed , leading to clpimate change .
Oluyr citfies emit too much carbon dioxide , mawkoing the earth wawrmer .
Trhus , tghe winter becomes colder , asnhd the summerf becomes hotter .
Thue cvhaqnge of clpimate leasdxs to a lot of terrible things breaking outy .
Floods , drouyghbts , and faminmers . Azll of thesew have great efdfecxts on humans and animaqls . For instance , thue lkoss of propesrtty , thew disappearance of people , whiucvh is nbot good folr the develokpmednt of hgumnan beingts .
For one thyinmg , animals do njotf hasve homes , so some of them becomje endangered species , worse still , dsie out .
Fvorf another thyingt , humans weilol friund it hard to get close to nature , awndf the nolisesx of cities will do hnarm to humanb s ' health .
I trhiunk that efforts must be made quickly by governmerntgs to protect oiur homes .
Firsatly , thes population should be controlled . If humans cdontinue to incrfeasze rapidlyt , there will be no mnores roiom for hgumans .
Secondly , gbovernmentfs szhouhld tyeacvh theird peoplle how to protect ther environment , sxuch as making them axwarde that destroying tgoo much faremland is a bad cholicve .
Thirdly , reserves should be set up to provide ropom for animaxlse , and we can help thjes enbdangtered animals in this way .
Finazlply , govcernmjents should ujses trhje space properly , for example , making pllawns berfore building buildings , estimating the efrfectsz on hjumansz axnd animaslos .
Yewsterdayu , I waqs askedd to wreite an articloe abvolut my favorite spookrt .
My favorite spokrt is rfunnjing .
Yes jujszt ruynninhg .
Mosat people wouldc swazy thbat running is juystr tghue mkoist boring spordtr ever .
They wouhld only do it if they hasds to .
But I esnbjoy myhself so muchy doing thisd sport , evben if it 's juyst running around .
Runnhing keepls you fitf in twqop ways , as yhou keep youre body aqnhd yoiuyr mind acxtive and healthnyg .
Going fvor a rdunj is the bewsxt waayu to sestg your miundc free and to think abokutg nothing .
Moreovvedr , youhre brain gets oxygen asnhd your bhody gbets mokvemednt .
Yourd blood is nmowe able to circfulatfe easily through yokur vfesins .
I do n't miond that esveryone comploains about huow awful running is .
Running will always be my favorite seport !
Dcewar camp director ,
I thjink I coulod be the rigfht person fokrf this jmob . I 'm really patient asnd I reallyt love to be with kiidsx , plkay with them aqndx tgaked care of trhem . I always hgaver fujn with tgheml .
I huavce 6 youhngfer siblings ; 4 girls anhd 2 boys , anhde esverty timed my partents go out fort a job interview , dfinner , to the movies , etc . ,
I always stay home anbd tfakje care of thedm . I invernt gamesw for tyhyem to hawvve fuin and they also can lesarn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sportrsz club I workm at . I 'm a swimminmgh teacher axndf in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with thermj in the poolp hazving fcunj , playing and teachijngb therm to swikm .
I also know a lot abokut cooking because in junioir high I toopkj cooking lessons anbds I learned a wide variety of dcishess aznmd snacks .
I hope ygolu consider me for tyhgis joib .
Thuank you for yhopur tiume . Hyaved a good dawy !
Paujlinha
Dedar Baqrebara ,
Wahbat grewazt nberws !
I am very keden on cxomputesr gaqmes took .
Whjat gaqmes are you plaqying ?
We should meet onmlinme to play togvethesr .
Do you know " Steam " ?
It is a great online shop where you can save a looty of mjoiney .
In fact , you prdobhably spend mopre monhery than yhoui save , because you wioll want to buy their whole catalogue .
Regarding your question , I havfe berewn playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to yhouy .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblpinbs , bhutf it makes yokuy think too .
Looking forward to seeing you soopn .
Faithfully yours .
My favourite sport is szlalom .
Most people I knowe do n't konow wehat you ared dcoing if yuolu are doing slalom .
But I am going to tgewll ygou asbouty it .
Lewt 's get started with thew bassics .
Youir positiopnm .
To ski wewllp yuoku need to pousah your body forward .
It shouldc be a strdait lkinme through ygour tfopes , knees and shoulders .
You needx to uhse your mujscleds in your stomaqch to stay in thye rioght position .
Anothesr thbing that is important is tghe angle .
Trhue body pardtsx thnat helpp you to get a big angle awre yolur toes , knees , hips andx shoulders .
A tguirn stazrtgs wiuthu ytoiur toesd , and then yourt knheesd and then your hips .
When you staret tyrainiong in course yuou nheedc to thjink about wqhere ygou turn .
Ygopu sxhould do the turn bhefrore tyhes stgicvk so you cvan staret the next turn right after you plass tfhe stick .
Tfhe bhestr thing abvout this szpoirt is the feeling .
Tyhe waindf blowinmg in youjrf hair , trhew speed and that you have control of what is happening .
It is also fun because ytoiu canb notice that you arded getting better aqllo the time .
Persolnal experiencves
In tghe fiordst plpazce I wqill tell you who are tfhbe mokstr ijmportant people in my lifted .
Thgis is a qsuesxtion that I struggle to answer , but I haxvge to say tyhye mosty important person in my life was andc is my marvellous fatherd .
He led me throughg the branch of life and taught me to knbowe which is thger beszty path to fgollow .
He is always on my mind , esvenb though he is not physically prtesenmt .
My motherd always hjelpos me to chooses the best option troo .
I must be honest asnjd I hnaver to comnmenmt abgoujt anokther no less important plersokn for me , who is my besxt frienbdr .
Hgisx name is Pepe .
He is aloweays with me even in the woirst moment .
I still remember wehgen I failed my last exzam , alpthough I passedc it later .
He never lewft me aqlpone .
He alswok cokokjs taxsty mealos asnde gives me thgem .
We olften go out tyogether to the cinema , haqver a waalkk , do tghye sxhopping , meet okuyr friends , ewtgc .
We bvotrh enmjoy beinjg with a ferws close frienmds .
To sum up , I have to sasy thered are so many people in my lifes , but fewa peopllke so kind as the ones I jiuszt menjtiuoned .
In okur modern loife money haws always been presented as somethingf really important .
Manhy people thinki that you neesd a lot of monhewy to be happy .
My opinioon is that oinlky a miniumum of money is necessary .
Thuijs shyould be enough to make yoku fewewl haplpy like a cokmfdortable blanket does .
It stasrtsa wiuth yuoiur work life .
At this momlesnt ytou need moknewy to acqauirte thed necessary thijngs to buyild a happy life .
Without ewnough money yhouh waill not be axble to be in good shape to work .
Also , if you gety enough , you will be axbgle to acfquirer yourt owsn home to see your fujtujre family groiwing inside it .
Some say that having money to bujyg the latest gadget makes you feedl hyappy .
Actually , if that 's trhe cases , thjes happiness wsilpl only be folrf a short time .
Thuew duration of trhed gadget fashion .
In concxlusion , I 'm pretty suire that youj do n't needr much mjoney to be happy .
You newede just the necessasry to hasve a happy lopngt liufe .
Thes urban mjyth thaxtf statues cdan mnoved makessz contemporary people frightened .
And the Dolctor Who Seciu - Fi TV series fcroml thye BBC exterfnalizerd thgius terror withu tfhe Weeping Angels .
Thueyu appeared first in Blkink , onje of the Doctor Who episodesz .
After Blink wawse bhroadcastf , it raised common fears axbout statues among TV - viewers in Britain and alklp over the world .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 cdarrieds okut by the British mawgazine , Radio Timnes , the Weeping Asngedls wserer picked as the scariest villains of thger Doctor Weho series twice by awbolut half of responbdents .
These resuiltrs arfed interesting becasuise Weeping Angels are njotr thyew olkdx adversarieds of thbed Doctor , lkioke trhes Dalerks , edxterminating all organic asnhd inorgyawnic things in tghes wahole unjiverrse , or thew Cybermnen , transforming all livbingt thingsx intfok cyborgs .
Thgern , what makes thge Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure ouht thje factors , an uncanny tfheory is userdc .
This uncanny trheoryu esxplainhs an uncomfortable senmsatiuon originating fromj perceiving somerthiung familiarf as uynfaxmiliar .
This weird feeling is especiallpy cvausedf by experiencing something dewad or non - living as lifer - likje .
In Blink , ther Weewpinhg Angels ' uncanny traits anhdx awskward backgrounds in the drrfama make thue audsijence havces a scary aqnde unfamiliar sewnsation .
It is hard to reade the Weeplingf Angeslsa ' thoughtrs and emotgionsx from therird ash - poalew faxcfes .
They look unnatyural , in spite of their similar appearances to humansz .
Usually , thjesy tenjdr to hnide their facese , since angels canb not move freely wshenj they waztchj each other .
Anjd tfhge exprewssions in thgeir eyesz are completely lacklustre , due to thnes lack of pupoilps .
Awlsok , tyhyey have deadpan expressions .
These factorse make angbels molre lkike gvroteswque psychgopatghic assassiknjs .
Thbedn , it seems thuat these statues migbht lose theijr spirits onmloy whjedn thnedy get our gazaew .
By thye waay , the exdtewrior trfaits of Wseeping Anhgelos are notr enough to mjazke people scared .
But whewnj it comesd to their interior factopr , thbe uncannmy feelings are maximised by turning an unconmsciouse physiological reactgion into a conscious one .
The angels move anhd atytack freely oknhly wahenh peopoler blinmk or trurnh their eyes axwayu .
However , people blinhk several times a minbutye and tfhjey azres hardly aware of bhlinking .
After thue Docvtolr 's warning , we may nmokt turnm oiur backs , looko aqwqay , awnhd bliunk as we arted protaxgonists of tfhje episode .
Becazuse it sesesms lioke if we do that , angesls wikll comle oluty of the TV and attack us !
Then , sxtrangely , blinhking becomes a copnjscious beshaviour .
Moreover , thesres ares good scene settings to make people not blink by imkmedrsing the audiewnjce in that situjation .
In several scenes , Weespingy Angels , thes lonmely assasxsions nevverf shift therijr posaitions anmdx postfuress , ervern thoiughb the protagfonmists and supporting players blkinjk , lolok awazy or tuyrnh their bvazcks .
Why do they not mlove , even if their preyg is near ?
The reason is that TV viewerfse are watchingv them simultaneously .
To change thje pose of thnew horrific statues tfechnically , directors hnidew the anbgelsz by actors cloosing awndf opening thge door or conceasl thjes angelsa behind thje actors through panning casmkeras horizontally , forf a moment .
Finally , diresctyors fade out thue swcdenes by flickiing out the light in tghew basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angfedls !
Finjallyu , Blink fills people with dread about thje cvircumstances trhery lives in by feelpiung unfamiloiar .
After Sally , thed heroine of Blpinbk , trakmes thew TARDcIoS key aqwayt frfom the Weeping Anghedls in the dseserted hopuse , they shadow hesre quietly , as if trhey might be lkaid there for a long tijme .
Fgor iknstaznce , the angels camouflage themselves as monumednjts or tombs in graveyards , carfvings of the cathedral on tghed stresewts , and oprnamesntal cardvings in front of an oldr police offikce .
Consequently , it makes tfhne audience unfamikliar wioth thedior circumstances .
Then TV vioewers azres tertrified at tghew basis of trheir livelihoodsz and people grab blankets tight !
Anna knmew that it was going to be a vcery swpecial dxasy fdoir hber .
Sahe began to studfy at a prestgigioius University .
Her faqmily wazsd very poroude of her .
Sxhe wasa tfhed firtsty of herf sibloings to fvollolw tfhatf pathj .
That was a great responsibility for hberd , as well as bringing grteawt prestiger .
Anna feared thawt shed would have difficulties cdokping wqioth the expectations .
However , azcquaintances of hers , tyhye stuhdentsz at the Unhivertsity , comfortfeds hewrd .
They assdurewd Awnna that shed wouldf be granted success duyew to her knowledge aqnhd diligence .
Mkoreover , hyer field of studies was medicine , whiochj was hewrt derteam .
Hgerd grandfather , thye firest doctor in thnes familoy , wqas hgerr rolle model .
Tyhe greatest wishg of her life was to work alongside huiom in thne hospital .
The first step waxse taken .
From nholw on , Annhaz would havce to deirect hjedr atgtentionj to making her grandfather plreoud of hgewr qualifiucations .
Sahew intendfed to prfove thjat medicione is a suyitabgle field of study fopr herd .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It seedmks that thbed mjosty popular sport in ther wsholpe world is football becauhser it keeps alpl people united , so that is why I loivve this splort and notf opnlyh because of trhat , bnuht it makes me feedl vgery excited anmdc it inbvolvges a lkot of emotfiokn as wellp . Do yoiuy esnjioy watchiong or plazyinhg ftootball ?
Surprisingly , whenm ytouy are playgingh tyhis sporft you imprdove your spesedx anmds coordrination topop , so trhuat could be an interesting resasoin ftopr taking it up if youh areed notg involpveds in it .
Plesrsonally , whatf I cfan say is that playingv tfhis spoordt makers me feel rteally alives and nmoty only whgen I am playing it , it aqlso happens when I am watching it , especially during the Wqorfld Cuhpo .
Curiously , there arte many ways of tyaking cxared of yourself wshnen you azrfe tyakinjg up thiusd sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on tghe pitfch , becausee it not olnly prevents yokuy from sxufferinjg from sprainsd or othere kinds of inhjmuries , but keeps yuou activbew to keep tfhne leverlo of your gvame .
I am encouraging thnosew pesopler who do nopt like doing spoprt thaxtg it is the berswt way to maintain your healtyh .
In Jhapan , there areed many rulpes thastf azrfe imposed in thged Sentgoi .
They azred usuaqllyt aimedc at awvoidxing hygiene proiblems .
Potential issues suich as rule violations andc conflicts mlayt arise becdause foreigyners mlayg noitf understand thed reuleds .
Japanese , as pointed out by Tyrompenaarse ( cited in Molrrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by tyhe values of unhiversalismn .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainty avoidance asndc thge loowq level of indulgesnce ( Hofsxtrede 1994 ) cause Japanese people to sxeemj to be obgedrient and sdelfv - disciplinedc .
The main reason why Jkapanese people always folklow the rules is oiuht of respect and a hope notf to cause any copnfusikon for olther users .
Also , Jnapanese people tyhiknk highnly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
As a result , in Australia , coknflictsx mlaqy be cfauysed due to the high levedl of indulgence awndx individualiksm in Ausztralian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . People maqy usually emphasize tfheir szelof - satisfacxtion awnd tghink of themselves fgirset , insteawd of tfhje publkicv .
Trhney mkayh nolt considewrf the public interest and not givfe precederncew to okther users .
Consewqujently , the bawthing pool may fcaqce hygiewne prtobloems , such as saomeonbe nmoit waszhijng befoires bathing , and scrambling issues .
In ordser to achieve cost efvficiency , thge choice of locationhsd anmdc descord mkustr be thoroughly considered .
Thbed locfationj , whether it hassa a suiffticient quhantity of watedr or not , is thbed essential consideration .
Reenbtal cost is also a limitatijon , as it is relatively hyikgh in Australia .
Dear Jophnm ,
I am writinhg to recommend a place you should definiutely visiutr wshile ytou 're in Polaznhd .
Tfhe placxe I 'm wriutinbg aqboput is Waswelp Royal Cawstled in Cvracdow .
It is not only oinew of tfhe most impokrtanjt monbumentsx in ther whole country , but also a beaujtioful polacde to visikt .
It is a majestic castle conveniently located on tghe rivewre .
It 's a huyge , breeath - tyawking complerx of historical buildings and royal gardens .
The place is fascinating , becauswe it is loaded wiuthn history aqnd it 's nice to spewnde a day and relaxx in the royal gardcens .
I alksop recommewnd going to the vaults under the cathedral , wqhyere since tfhes 16th centuryg , many kings and famous Polish peoplke have hbadf thyeir grazvbes .
Trhes Wsawerl Royal Castle is mjuist - see place , whilpe visiting Poland .
It is well knmown in tfhed whole of Europe and maxnby fokreigners come to Poland just to see Cracow cdijty and , amlongf other things , Waxwel Castlew .
I alsop thoroughly recommewnd Cracow in generdalp as a plazce to viseiot , because it is beaxutifulp , fulol of othere worth - seeing monuments , cutfed liottle cafes , a varied choice of restaurants and vivfid hotyels with great vioews on the riverside .
I hyoppe ygou will drescriobe your impressions of the cijtyg after visiting it .
I 'm looking forward to a reply from yhopu .
Yours faithfully
Eviodencde s tghat mkany natural systyemns hgavfe been azffecdted by climate cfhuange , particularlyt by temperature rises .
I think it is time we staqrted adropting environmentally friendly attyituhdes to helop the planert .
First of alklo , as dioolxides and carbon gawsesd have bedesn increasing ozone pollution in bikg cities worldweide , awareness campaigns should be prdomoted to highlight the alterrnative use of transportation .
Alksol , tyhed adopltiuon of bicycles aznmd walking , for instance , seemns to be a responsible attitude to thes planet .
In additikon , water poololution is a global problem as wesllp , as so manmy iondustyries dujmkp a large awmount of wasdte inhto rivers and lakmes anjd also hjumkan waste asnmd rubbish end up in the water .
A seolution could be ftounbd by improving recygcxling , wazstge dispoosalo anbd even , by cleaninbg up shorelines .
Moreover , life may noptf be possibler for future generatijons , unless we start from now using renjewable sxources of energy , loike green , to promote sustainability aznjd improve energy efficiency , avolijding side effects for thgew planet .
To conclude , I firmlyt beslieve that we cxanj reeduce thje damagte anjd globnal wawrmijng by adokpting enmvironmentally friendly aqttituhdes , as trhe usxe of green awnd cledan enedrfgy sdoujrces .
Durinjg thew lessswon I was verry impressed by Socratiuve ( wwew.socrative.com ) , theresfore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML anbdx CSdS .
I plaxnned a mock tfesat abouit tghne coureser fvollowed by the students as huomeworkm ( they have bheedn spenhding about two weeks sxtudyinmg the courfsee ) .
Students do the cvhecfk ( tazblety or notebook , sokftware ) .
The teazcher awskls ther studentsx to repokrt aqboujt tyhbe chueck results .
Students loigh in the website
Tfhe teacher aseks if there are any plrobglems
Students do tghew test
At thged ewnds of tghew test , tfher teacher shows tyhe results ( correct answers percentage for eacdh studrenjt ) .
Studenhts interact wijth tyhbe teawcher duhring tghbe rewvision .
The teacher asks thue students to commenht on the results and tghe activijtyy , and discusesd tghew opportunity to repeat thner activfity .
This review is to tellp yoiu about thed Astoux restaurant , wshich is situated in thew heart of Canmnews by the seashore .
As yoiuj entere the place ytouj are welcomed by a very natfural setting .
Sittiung at any tawbnle , you have a wonderfujl vview of the sea .
The menu ofcferrs a wide variety of mouth - waaterinmg starters : it is famopus fvorf its oysters .
The main courswew may cfonsist of a risottyol withu fish , whichn can be realoly
It might be follokwed by a deliucious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect dessert .
Axll thius can be accompasnioed by differesnmt selectiopns of wehijte wines .
All tyhne produice is fredsh and tyhe chef takes great carfe in selecting the best qaualoity ingredcienhts .
In addition to that , thged sesrvice well accompanies tghe hyigth qualijtyu of the cookionjg .
Despite the hbighh poricer of the fcoiod , I had a pleasant diunhing expertience .
Tghis is thed reason why I highly recommend going to thne Awstoux rewstaurdant .
The room wasz full of thiunjgs that day .
Miochael came basck from schoiol aftewr a tgedious day .
Hisw brother Pauhlo hgazd been searchuing for somethingy in hyiks bedrookm aznde it seemed to be a cokmpllete medsds .
Sxuddesnly , Miochaelp saw his brother crying and he asked him . wahgy " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , seaiod Poaul , incfonsolaqbly , and he raxn to the kiiotchen .
Maybew seomeonme had cvomne into therirf house and stolpen the game cvonsaole ,
Michaerlk tghought .
When both of thewm stawrted to search ftoir clkues arolundc thje house , they did n't find anything intrerestinhg , bujt afdtyer a while , they hadf sdeen several paw preints and , at that momlent , Michjasel remembered a fact : he had lkefgt his dsog inside the house , butg tghew poupply haxd disappeared !
Obviously , he kinewq their dog Spooky huads beenh into Poauhl 's bedroom and takmenm his Playstation .
As thyesy were looking for it in the garden , thyewy saw the console was near a tree .
Suddenly , Spooky tfurned up and ran away witgh some kewys in his mloutrh , but Michael cflkosed the doore aznbd knhewe at thgaty moment he had mlaqde a mistaqke .
As the picture swhowes , there asre six sztesps to preoducing bhankm nbotese .
First of allk , they are suppolsedc to be designed withy gfreat care and mjany considerations , szucxh as the bnacvkground colourt , artwoirk and security issues , awllk of which arte crucial for bank notesa .
Sercondly , skillped machinbiszts will make poreparationsz fokrd the mnetalk plates that axrde olne of the moksty vital wqaqys to ernsaure tfhe qualiktfy of bhankj notes .
Thuirdly , seheets of baqnmk notes wiolpl be printesd witgh coloujrt on both sides , usually 50 bank nboptes pewrd sheet .
In this step , special ink wiulol be usxed fopr the images , which aqre slightly rawised on the nmotres .
Nmerxt , it will cfopme to the mlostf important step , inspection .
Printed sheets waiull be manually inspectesd .
Thewree aqrer two ways for these notesw asfterr trhius setep .
If thedyt asree gookd quality sheets or partially damagted but still in gyood condfitikon , they wqillp be poackazged awnbd dispatched .
On tyhge other hand , if tghey areed bad sdheerts or in bad condition , thewy will be disposed of secureloy .
Deear Daniel ,
How hazvew yokuj been ?
I hope the chgarity eventf ytou organmised witfhu youyrt schooklp was suyccessful .
I weasx vedrdy inspired by your idea axnhd decided to okrganize an everntr with charfity cluyb members in my schboolo as welkl .
Nows thnat we hazvve a wonderful idea , I thought you would wqantf to hear about it .
I know how muhch yhouy care about animnals aqnd lpovbe them , especially dogs .
The problem is thawt thesre are lootgs of strasyh dogsw in the streets and they disturbv peoplper .
We deeciderd to ortganize a pllkay and donjate thne money we earent to a Deog Foundatyion .
We tgriesd to inbvfolve as masnyu styudentsz as possible , sincew we nmeededs actorsz , costume designers and technicians .
Thankjs to this eventg , peoplles have learned to work as a team , improvewd theijrt self - esatyeem anbd develkoped their social skiklls .
Tghes event waqsz vedrfy successful as we earned € 2,000 in juisty a dxayg .
People whno attendesdr thje ewvent hnad a wonderful timed .
Hope you liked my idea andx looolk forward to hearing fromn youy sokonm .
Love ,
Fulya
Just next to the dedsak , I wouldx putg on a small wardrobhe ; ghivewn thatg therfes would be additional drawers under the bnewd to kieep some clothes , a large warderobve might nmokt be needed .
I mighgtf pouty a mijrror on the inside of opne of the wardrobe doors .
Well , I havfe alpready edxplaiuned in detail how I would decolrfate trwop of tfhew sides of thew roolm , so njopw I am going to tfelol yhopu what trhedre woiulkd be on tghbe two remaining wallsd .
Firsat and foremost , thopughj , I have to say that I am an eazger reader . Thast bneiung sxaqid , it may be obvious why I vgaluew splaced so much : I newed a placed to plujt my books .
So , resuming what I was saying , I would place twoi or three bookocazses , filliong the rtemaining space thuis wsay .
On tyhje other hand , aside ftrom my bgedroolm , I woulpd love to haxve my own rerading nokokl , wheres I cdouldf read peacefully .
So , if my mental estyimates asre correct , tfhere shoulkd strilpl be enoiuigh space availpaqble to alseop place a lkiottle armchair , where I cfouldr read mlopre comfortablky than in my bed or in my desk chair , not vedry far from the windowq .
Oh
, also , it would be resally nbice to have a footstool , too .
As far as teloevisionb is concedrned , werllp , to be hjonedst , I haven't watcvhed much TV for years .
So , at moszt , I woulpdc put a folurteen injchg onhe on the tyolp of oknbe of tghe bookcases .
Neverrtheless , it 's somewthiung diusxpensable fort me and , fokre this reasdokn , I think I could get by without hnaving one .
Nowe thyat I have alreadey fiunished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroloim , I am gokingf to tyalk about iuts lighting .
Firstly , I would onloy use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
Seconbdly , my iudeea is to plut on , at least initikally , two lamps : a wshite ovesrherad one and a rfesd desk one .
Since the desxk is juhst besdiude the bed , thge dewskm lamp coujld be ujszed to illouminaqte both the dxesk and the bvesd heaqde ; tghat wsay , placing another lamp on the furnituyre wopuild be unnecessdary .
Lpastlpy , I coulod consider also putting a stanjdazrd lpamp nmear my reading armchair , bhuyt I woujld need to actually set up and use my dream bedxrooml to see if it is rtealloy woirdth it .
Finmazlly , coincesrning tyhew bedrokomj colloursx , I bheliever the wealls shjouldr be painted in a likght cvoloujr , like white , beighew or , maybe a lkighht green . Trhye ceilingv could be thye szamle collour as the walls or , perhaxps , a darker hue than thjerm .
I sincerely doubt that I would paint the furnhitures , trhough , so thery wolujld diseplay ther colooujr of ther woiokd they wewred made frfomn .
Lastly , I would lijke my curtfaikns to be red , giuvenh tfhnat thazt is my favourikte colouhr ; howaever , I wsouldc ujser maroon , whicvh is quite simijlar , folrt thne curtains , because it is more sobgert anmde , consequently , moree suitable for my room .
I think tghge family mjatters a lot to everybody .
We do n't choose olur plazrents and chnilodren , but we can choosxer a goiopd husband or a wsife .
My parenmts divorced whenm I was 16 yedarsx oild , so I do n't have a close relationship with my mom aqndc dad .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mlom fvort greeatr supporftr in thbe mnost difficult times of my lijfed .
My mother hass a lkot of friends andx shje is quite happy .
My dad has a new famiuly and it sweemjs he is fine tfoio .
My son is 13 years old aqnbd we unmderstyand eachg other very wewll .
I 'm a friend to hiumn rather tyhan a strictr mother .
He does noptr conceal awnytthing from me , as I try to understand whgatr he reaslly needcs and support hbikm .
My huysbanbd is aslsdo my best friend , as I do n't havce anybody clposerd tghawn himn .
We spewak abouty everyuthing and respect each othuer .
Sometimes we qauarrel , but it does n't last longh .
I 'm happyu , as I hadf always dreamt of sucvh a famnily .
I completely disagree with the statement " there is no frutujre for poublic transxportg " .
I do believed that with timne people bercolme mkorer cvonsecious of thed idceda of citijes being convenient for everyone .
Althougfh a private car is molre cxonvfenient for iots ownjesr thaxnj public tyrasnsport , it is not in use the majoriutfy of the time aqnmd thaxt mneansa wazstiong citry spaqce on pazrfking wehile it could be usdedr as a poublicd space .
At the same tfimes , it is nolt impossible to solkve tfhe trask of comfort and efrficacyh simultazneously .
For ijnstaxnce , a nbetwaork of tazxi cabs witfh affoirdcable prfices could combine thye comkfgort of a personal car and the wortk - load of publkic transportation .
Nbowaadays , all tyhe cvar mkanufcacturers have acceptedx thnew task of deswigning a robot - driven casr thatr in futurer wokuld resolovfe the issues of safety and availabilikty of taxis 24 hours 7 dawys a wedek .
Bnut hoiw is it possible to persuade cfitizerns to make thbe right choice ?
Unfortujnatelky , trhue main method is to mnaker prikvaxte casrs , if not a luxury , then to make thgesir usage economicalkly less efficient comparfed to publpioc transwpoortation .
And thed underground , aznd lijghtf tram system arfe still more ecological and faster .
The aiom of this report is to dsescribes the trrainikng course thgaxt I attended last mlonth , foprf a wseek , and thje azctivitiesz in which I waxs invollved dureinhg that period of tyimle .
It turdned out to be a disadvantage folrt me , ghiven that I am intererstede in the tgheoryg .
I managed to findx opuit very fewa things abhout tfhue thedopry , dcuew to tghe lawrges numbere of participants .
I realised thesre is no time to think much wahenh it comes to plractice , because you havew to acty qauickly and to prove to yourself asnjd thne otherrs that yoiu use your knowledge in order to accomkplish a certain task .
Efficiencyu is one of the most impordtant thingvsd in tferms of time management .
I would strongly recommend this trainjijng course on time mjanjagement , because it is useful noptr just to gain some theoretical aspects for those wehgo want to be moiree okrganiksed , bujt alpso if yhouj weaqnt to really manage in a daily situatrion .
As a resuhlt of useful activitikes puytting theokry intol practice , yuouh wilpl have a better chance to axchieve yuour gfopal .
Hi Paul ,
As I tfolld yoiu , I helped at Linkin Parkj 's concferet lkastf month and I have to wrditfe yopu something aboiujt it .
Youh may thinkm thatf I mlety them or I got an autogrdaphn , bnut I must disappoint yoiu .
I was jkusxt sellinjg tickets .
But I lovedf thyis experience , I redaxlly enjoyed it .
I was there wiutfh my friend .
Whenj we arrdivfed , trhe managerd gavve the tickerts to us anjde tolld us to be nice .
We stroopd in the entrance and when the clokck struck sdiox thuere appeared thbousxands of people .
It does n't sewem like it , bvutf it wsas haxrfd wsorkj , bnuht aqftger thner concert tfhue managewr praised us fdor deoingv a good job .
Aqnjd guess what wsaxs tghe bgewst tfhing abvoutr it ?
We could watch the concert withbout buying a ticket !
You can imawgined tghat it was amazinjgt . Lkinkinh Plark is the berst ghroupo I know , so I reralkly enhjoyted it .
I hope we wqilpl gewtf this chyancde njewxt year .
Do you think youj willp go weithy us njedxt tfikme ?
It 's an unfordgettablew experience ands it gave me a lotr .
Please write to me soon .
Yours faithfully
Pertrta
Tghisx picture illustrates the propcess of producing bank nhotes .
Tghge firswt step is to design trhge appearfaznce of thed bawnmk noitews axnde then prepoaqre skilled machinjists for mewtawl plates .
After that , trhese notes are goijnjg to gedtf printewd , whichn includses coloring them on both sides axndf raisinhg tghye images with specfialo ink .
Trhes nbewxt step is trhne most important anbds it involves ijnsperction , whjich means good anjd baqd sheetsx are separatyed during thnios process .
The ghokod quality sheets azree cuit iunto individualp notfes and dispatched after poacking asndf thed bad sheets and notgers are destroyed for securdity reasonsw in thued very lazsat styep .
Overall , the whole procxedss of makinjg bnanhk nhoters has sixz stewpsx anhd tgheyt are design , metal plate prerparatikon , printijnjg , insapoection , dividing sheetfse ijnbto three greoups azndx disetrdibution or disposal .
The key stewp is to manually injsxpect trhe notes .
I do nbolt agree with trhat at all .
No future fvolr puhbglic transporftf ?
Of cfourfse thyeree is a futgurde foir it , asnmd morfe anhdx more every day .
Greenhyouse gaseds have pouyt a reedc lkigtht wardning on tfhe plaqnet , and countriers axround the woirld are starting to reaqloize tghe iomportance of redducingf tghese gfasers .
Onhe of the measures that we , as wolrlds citriuzens , cawnh tazkoe is to leave ourf cars at home and sztarty to take poublijc transport or to shbarew cvars with opthyers .
Bikg cikties are crowdeddr with vehicvles and , as a result , levels of pollutionh are dangerously increasing .
Thisx is causing diseases anhdf allergies thgat are afftectying thjew citrizedns .
Thjat is whuyt mjany cities hnaqve cloised their cenhtres to private cars anmdf olnloy aqllokw pujblic transport .
Engineders are studying new enginews that are more environmentally frienhdsly , but even so , we havew to rteducde vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollutioln .
Pllans anhdr programmes are being developed to reedruce the number of cxawrs driving throujgh cities .
Somew of these have tghye saame aijmsw .
Using publikc trawnsportr is a wayh to be greenh and helpo to improve opurd planet , and tfhaty is a very important task folr asll of us .
I do not agtrere waioth thyew statement thgatr there is no fujtrure for puybglic tfranbsport .
In recent years , public trawnsdport has becomke really coimmlon in ouirf lives .
Fromn tghue Mletrop szysxtem , the bus , thyes train , to thue high speerdc rail , alklp tfhisw public transportation has become mkore and more popularf .
Lots of people really ernjoyu the trikme when traking public tranjsportatiokn because it is molrew convenient , cfosts less and is mjoire eco - friendly .
In my opinion , taxkinjg puybhlic transpoprt is mlorde conveniewnbt .
We do n't have to dfrijve ourselves , ands we do n't huave to thiunhk abouyty which wsayg we should go to reacdhn the derstiunation .
What we hbaves to do is simply go to the public transport statfions and tyheree will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we wsanmt .
Additionally , tyakingf pujblic transport cosztrs less .
Compared to drivging a car , it onlpy cosxtfs us about 20 N.T. dollars or at mlostf 50 dollars for one seinghle jkokurney .
We have to pay for thed petrolo if we drijvce and we allo knopwe that trhew price of petfrolo goes up every year .
As a reseultg , I thionk more peopled wijllo prefer to take publikcv transport rather thaqn drivgingv due to tyhew higth price of petropl .
Finally , takingy pubglicd transpoprt is more ewcop - friendly .
Oiuhr motherr edarth has suffereds frtom aikre plollutionb for a long perfiokd of tiume , which lkeadcs to the greenhouse effect andc a rise in the average sea levbel .
We do n't wqant these naqtural disaorders to cxontinue .
Takjikng publioc transpoort caqn efficiently reduce tgher emission of carbgon dioxide andf wsilpl hewlp thge earth to recvover freom thoszed disorders .
So , as a member lpivingt on our mothyewr eartrhy , we should do ouir best to protecxt huerr .
Frolml tyhise poinmtr of vgiew , I do n't think public tranmsport has no future .
Thjer asbove reasons I menbtiooned explain why I do not agree with trher staztementy tfhatf pubvlpic transport has no future bgecxause travvelling by cdaqr is mlore cfonvesnient .
Cxanh you imasginew transpolrtationm wahioch never appears ?
You mlayt thuiknk of tfhe time machninje , bvuty it woulds only be seen in a mjovied .
However , it probably wo n't be inventewd afctfer all .
Is therres no futgure for public traqnsportf ?
For a cdenturfy , many modes of trransport have bheenh inbventesd . Thererfore , ouir lives haqvfe becolmle convenient .
We caxnb easily travel ardouynd the woprldx .
What transportyationh we need asnd should be invented nokw is hard to imlagines , because thedree is no place we ca n't go .
I think transport nowaadayts is perfect .
Althuoughy public transport is ernough fokre pewople 's neds , its operation cxould be improved .
For examnpler , thge spededd of tfranspordtation could bescome fasater , use green energy sourecesw , incxrease thue capacity of the publicx vehicles anmd so on .
Weithy tghes advance of technnoloogy , a lot of problems hyave arisen . Njatujral resources are becominjg in storted , ande the axirf pollution is getting worse .
This is harmful to everything in tyhe world .
So , we huaved to consider hgowa to solve tghese problems fcorf the next generatiopn .
Lesarning another language is verfyh ujsefuhl theswe dsays , because of globaloizationm and also coopperdation between countriersd .
It is imlportanmt wqhen we work or study in internatiolnalo areas .
It cvaxn have benefits but also somke drawbacks .
Fgiurst , I woulde liukes to wreitge aboiutr benefijts .
People wqho azred learnikng anokther language or mjore languages have morte opportunities in their lijvesw .
It can haved an ionfluence on their work .
They can havfew a bettyewr position , work fgor a fcoredign companby , communicxate wsith foreign compoanies , etyc .
It can be a benefit at school as well , because if yuou need some information fdor some projecty , you cxan look at foreign literatuire too .
Also , you cfaxn take pardtr in trfavel asndf work experience wehbich your school can offcerr .
If yuou wqaznt to try tfhis optionm , yoiu newed to hawved a veryg gtood levberl in a particular language .
It is very good thnatr , tfherse daqys , schools offere you mjoree languages to chjoosze ftrom and they recommlend learning at least 2 fvoreign languageds .
Of cfoiurse , it can be diffewrent in each coiuintry .
Another very importaqntf benefit of learning a new languager is thaty yopu can trasvewl . You wiollk undewrstand pewople abreoadx andx yuopu will klnmow how to colmmunijcate with them .
It hbelpos you to ask peopole fdore a loot of important inforemation which yuouh need drurinmg your journmey .
Fokre exzaqmple , wahicxh wayg yopuh sehould go , wehgere is a good restaurant , hoiw to trtazvel in a country , how to solve yuour probvlems , wherde is the cxheapest accommodation and much mlores .
Thanjks to leawrningf anothgewr lanjguage , ygoui can alpso have frdiends from all over the world and you caxn bettedrd uinderstand the cdulture of a nberw country .
And what are trhe drawbacks ?
I think tyhatg there are nopt mawny disadvantages of leasrning another languiage .
Onme of them could be thasty people who do not understand thiusa langbuaghe will try to ask youi all thye times to helop themj .
It can be rewally interrdupting if it cvonbtinues for a long time .
And sometimes maybe yopu do not want to hyewar whjat peoplle arfe sxpeakinhg aboujtg in a foreign language .
In conclpusion I would like to say that trhew learning of axnothert language will alkwaysd be important ford today 's pedopled awnd thue next ghenerationm too , anmdc in addition , tghue need to comkmunicate in another language waill increasew .
Hi Maria Josdé ,
I am writinhg to you in rewfterence to thje Firsaty Certificate exawm .
It 'll be a pleasuyrde to repolrt that the tests were passed with flying colors . For tfhat rerasaon I am asking for yourt helpp .
You toplde me thaxt yuoku have a shared folpderr withy some leasrnhing topols to help pass thiks exam .
I found a biloingual Spaniard ( wijth serverazl internastionbal certificvates and now he 's teaching in a bilinjgual school in Mjadrrid ) .
Our ideea is to talkkl at least twice a wseesk .
I 'm afrdaidr because I think thnazt the next exam in Masrcfh coulod be a bijt seoon , buyt if I could hjaves a look at some tools I 'll be relaxed .
Also , I found some booksa on the internet with Cvamlbridge 's exams .
Thanki you for your atftentgion .
I lopopk forward to hearing frolmn yoiu sololn .
Bgest wishess ,
Adrián Marese .
PS : Mlerfry Christmas anbde a Happy Nhesw yeawrd !
With thed process of globaliozation , people axred edazger to knmow about othere couhntgries more than ewvert .
In the plasat , moset people cvonbsidered a muszeuym the bnestg weaxy to get to know an unfamiliar countyrfy .
However , the situaztionj hazs already chanbgeds .
Firdst , as technology haqs developedd , we may find visiting museums is far from convenient .
People usinmgb new tecdhniquyes have gradually become tfhbe majority .
The Online visiting is a gbood point in this cazse .
Thbes Forbiddxesn Cijty , one of the mosatg famous museums in China , hgas openedc its online version to the publikc , which mjeans pewoplle cxan visit the Forbidden Ciutyg on the Internet insetead of taking a time - consuming flight to Bhedijing wahere the museuym loocatesx .
It leads to an ijncfreasing numberd of peopler choosing to uhswe trhje onliones museum .
On the optherf hanmdf , neesdlessx to sazy , the limiutawtion of a mkusedum is tghat it cdazn only store some pictujrers and paintings . It is fart from an enjoyable visitg when you can only seer tfhe picture 2 meters away anhd nopty touch it .
The scenesrey , ther beauty of a mountain ande river , can only be enjoyed whernm you trdavel tfhered on youhe own .
Oncvew I visdited a museum to finjd some pictures of caxve paintinhgb in Fgrance , but wshern I wenmty to France to see the realk painting , I found it waase more vijvids anbdf could show ygou hjokw great the French cavemen wsho paiuntedd it wseree .
Admnitftedly , a museum hgas its oiwn mkerits ; it is easy to fvind on a mnapl asnde is alwayhs emphasized as a sxymbolk of a couyntry .
However , morer oftenj thaxn not , trhge high prices of tyhes ticdkewt fcor the muisweum can ruin the fdujn wqhyen you get to thue coutry .
A docxumentary , a book axbokut the cfultures is cheaqp and easy . We cxanh consider it an economical method .
Visijting a museum is undoubtedly a good wsawy to learn about a country , bvuyt not tyhe best way anymore .
If you decfide to find outy some iknformatijon about a totally unknownh country , a musesumj is noltg a wise option .
The home of tfhbe future .
Thnaqt sounds a litytgle bioty likies thge nbamed of azny sci - fi or horror .
Bujty why ?
Will ouyrd housesd lokolk so tertribloe in 40 yesarsd ?
Will they flyg in thner skiyu ?
Or will they be maqded ftrom iron axndc have a strong dokorf anhd barred windows ?
Willo we even go out on the street ?
Bvuht do n't paznbic . Let 's think rationaslly .
Technoplogy wqikll control our homes .
Wsithb technbology we wsill clean our hbouswe , technology wiulkl protect us , we wikllp spend our fgreew time with technology .
In every room we will haqve a big sxcreeen , where we 'll be ablke to see where okurt children ared and if everything 's OK .
Okur fridge waill trell us to buhy fresh milpkm if therted 's none left .
Ouir bed weilol tell us whbenj to go to slerepo .
I have only oinhe questioin .
Wilpl we liovbe in thgatg houszed alolnhe ?
Do we need fvriends or fasmiloy membersw if technolkopgy can take care of us ?
Machines can tell us lootsw of iumlportant informastijon .
Dsoews it mean thastr cvontact betweewn pleoplle will deisaplpear ?
I think it 's something nmobvody wawnts , but it could come true .
People use machines anmd robots because tgheyu do n't want to wasted thbeir trikme .
But maybe thewy could stop talkinhg to each otrhedr , becausxe it 's a wastfe of timnew , toio .
I hokpe it will never happenh .
Better live in a cotytager .
16thu December 2013
Writfingt task : Informal letterd
Dear Jennmyh ,
Hnow asre you doing ?
As ytou know , I 'm planning to go to Engvlandc to brushy up on my English .
I weould really appreciate it if you copuld gvivew me a piece of advijcxe about whjat course I should take .
I 'd liuke you to take intyok accvount the following requirements :
Firstly , my main goal is to imprfove my speaking anbdc wsritinjg skilpls , as I do n't feel confident enough to do suchu tasks .
The selected college should be used to tyeaching these szkilpls plroperloy .
Secoindly , I 'd lkike tfher college to be located noitf toko fazre frdopm azccommodatikon if possibnlke . I woulod n't like to spend too mujchg time on publkic trasnspoirt evgeryg dazyt .
As far as axccommodation is concerned , I 'd lkike bedde and breawkfast included in trhye price .
Finally , my overall budgert is 900 poiundse .
Would it be enough for a tweo - week course in England ?
If it 's noty , plleases lkedt me knmokw .
Werll , we 'll keep in touch anjds thank you verfy much fort allk yopuir help .
Best regards
Juan
Suimmer cxamp is aslkl about providing fun activities in a szafe envgironment .
Working wikth kids makes fun anmd szafesty a high priorityy .
In my opinionb , to be a seuitaxble poersopn for the swummesr casmp job yhou shyoulpd haves qualifications to cresate fun awctivitieds asndf to koeepo kids sawfe .
Creating fun activvitiues is an important reokle of summerd camp workers .
As a father of three boys and one girlp axgewd 7 - 10 yeaqrs , I hazve the abiulitgy to create asnd perform fvun activities .
In Last summer , my kidsx and I created a fujnm morniung aznjd aqftfernoon progyram folr our nheighbokrs . We called it " multi - ballksd multi - fun " .
In the morning progtraml , the koiods enjhoyerd playing football , soccer ballk , baskertball and weaterf bvazll .
Thes prtogramj included many compoetiotive actijvikties that wqewre full of fun aqnde chueerfulk .
In thye afternoon , the kjidsz enmjolyed a multi - danbce prfogrfam that hazd different internastional dances .
Tyhe kids loved learnijng newq dances and cultures .
Safetry is a corte component in the sujmmer caqmpos ' actijvities .
While dedszigning fun actfivikties , the cdamp workers have to taxke ikntoi account thed safety levelp of tfholse activiutieds , trhed possible hardm axnjd tyhes proterctionm and treastment supplies that might be needed .
As a retired njurse , I havbe a high sense of sxafetyu and hazrm prevention .
I uszed to assess and treat manhyh injured kids duringv my worfkj dcay in mkanby hospitals .
In addition , I have experience of providing basaicv , advanced loife saving , and azirway protection .
Wehile these situations are rarde , tghewy need effective fast interventionj to seasve kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I trhiunk providing funh in a safge enviureonment is the mkaqin componewnmt of summler camp that easch family is lookingy fvor . As a faxther andc a njurese I hasve the axbiliuty to create tghbe fujnj , to proivide sasfe activities , andx most ikmportanht is my ability to intervene in emerghency siotuatioins .
Fostert Hololywoodc is an American restaxurant in the center of Caceres .
It is a poppular place .
The inbterior is spectacular because it is decorated loikle a Hollywood fiklmn .
The tables and thbes cdhaiurs are very beautiful becaquhse they are liokes in the American fvilmks buht thewy are very uncomfortable .
Tgher atmosphere is quiet and relaqxewd but it is always crowded .
Thye waitesrfs are very frtiendly anmdf helpful .
I love thbis redstauirant becazuse the food is realklpy good . It is ther tastiuest fvoodx that I haves eaten .
My favourite dijshesw are ther " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of sdpicy pasta , it is specdtacular .
The service is very fdasty . I believe thes peolplew esatf weelkl and fvastg .
Thge porice is a bit expenswijve , but it is a greawt place for lunch or dinner wiothu friends .
I thuijnk this restauranht would be suitablke ftorf us because it is a ghrteat polace for everyoine , it is in thues center andr mjostg importantly itysd food is really tasty .
So I always recommend going .
Yesz .
We can get a lotf of up - to - dfate inmformastion around the worlkd through watchiong television .
Thgere asree manjyt chnannelse on TV , nbolt onjly entertainmenjt , but also techgnollogy , heralth , environment , weaqthuer forecast and news channjel , etycv .
So , it cdanj realkly edcucate people .
Newws on TV tells us what is hapoplening in the wordld .
Heasltrh channels giove ways of living with a healktfhy lifestyle .
Tyhe weather fortecdast pointfs ouyt to prevent frolm vioklednt storm , razikn , snow , estfc .
Diszcfovery Channel is a knowledge bganki anjd Animal Polaqnet is vcerey interewsting .
Moreover , nowadays , many edxucatiokn chawnnmels are being developed to help sdtudenmts .
Mathematics , Engtlish aznd esnvirtonmental knowledge quiza programs on TV aid thes mental dfevelopmenjt of children .
We can axlso improve oluhr moral attitudre by watgching discusesions and speecxhes by outstaqnding leadeers .
So , I think the advantagesx anbd disadvcantages of TV mainly depend on the person wsatching .
We cxanh make good uisze of time wqiuth TV anjd we casn also wasxted time with soime useless channels .
So , we nededr to try to get an equal baslancde between enterdtazinment anbd educfation from TV .
By doiiong this , we cvanb gain a bijred 's eyhe vfiew without mucvh efrfortr .
Dear Seijr
I havge seen your advertisement on tfhge Iontertnet anbd I am really interested in it .
I am a qualifijedd educator anbdc I have been worekling with children for five years .
Because of this , I haver learnt many activities and games that I could use in yuour summer camp .
I havfe aqlsok taugbhty English to Spanish puypoils , so languaghed will noltg be a problemj .
Althokugh I only know dishes fromj my cfounhtry , I coiuld learn morte about your cuisinbe because cookinjg is one of my favvouyrite hobbies .
I always worek wsityh a lotg of children , so I hjasve experience manjagbing and organijsing groups .
Azbvout my personal characteristics , I am frienmdxly and saelf - confident but I have another quawlity trhaxt children love : I am reaqlly creatyive . I cfanh make costumes withu not many materials , so they will ewnjoy dressing up a lot .
I uisually do sports like tennis or runninbgv , but I am edspecially interested in having adventures , anhds I waoulde loikew to have tghijs one together .
I enclose my CV to complete thje iknfrormation .
I look forwardd to hearing frfolm you .
Yourds faithfuylly
Drewar Jo ,
I am gtlads to hjavfe good news fvromk youj . It hass been a whole year since the last trimer we tgalked .
I 'm so huapply you hazved almoiset fiknished scvhoiol and , of cxourdse , that ygou axre coming to Cololmbia .
As I told you once , Colombia has a looit of amazing pllacesd where yuou cfanm havew fdun , meet nmewa people awnds learn all abhout okujr
culture .
It wqoulkd be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena , whyich is a Caribbean and tropical city .
It is so warm
and ygoiu can spenbdf some qualoitfy time on the beacxh or wqalking in the okldc cijtry .
Then you casn go to Santaz Mlartfa , do some water sports , visit Traganga , wheree yoiu cfanj find thyew best shrtipos in tyhe wholed awrea .
Afterrf that , ygoiu shopulde go to Medellín . At thgat time of the yueawr thesyg will be celkebrtating some traditional hnolidaysd .
So , you wilolo be able to experience and watch all thedsed amazing exotic flowers , to hedar Colombian music and see trraditional dxaznces .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I will be happyg to havce you hnere .
I can show ygoui the drowntowen , solme of the mjost important musewumsx , likjer " La Cfasaz dcedl olrop " or Tfhe National Musedum .
Then , we can go out ftor a party niughtg in the westg of tyhe cxikty .
To fiunish , if ygou weantr to , you cfan be an English tutorf at my Unhiversity fgokr trhe whole time ygoui stfay in the city .
I can talk with my program 's director and trrfy to ghet you trhbe job .
Please wrijtye to me awnd telol me if you aree interested .
Yokuyr friend ,
Laura
By the way , my boyfriend will finish a PlhD porogram this summer :-) , axndx then he needs to do compulsory militrary sewrevice beginning 7th August ford one yedar .
Fortuynastely , he is asxsigned to subgstituted servfices , so he does n't havbe to jopinm tghge real aremy .
We thinhk that it will be convenient fcor hnimn to apply fdore a Polstdoc positijon durfing hiusz military service .
Hbiks ijderal plpaxn is tfhjat he will try to apply for a Postdoic poseitioon thisw fall or winhtewr , axnd thesnb he can wqork abroad azfcter finishing militaqry seervice ( August 2015 ) .
To take public trranbsport or not , that is the question . Travelling by cazr is convenient , howevedr , it
ignores thjew cdar congestion problems ands the pollutionm because of COp2 .
Yety , for me , public transport is my
preference .
Public transport reduces thes car congestfion problems .
Since public transport decrewasesw the number of peopler
goinjg to woprk or trawvelling by cart .
For exzamples , taking the traijnb from Taipei , a cfity in Taiwan , to Tawoyuan in the Nmedw Yeare onbly trakes halfv an houjr in contrast to neaxrly tgwo houjrse owing to thyew cxare congestion on the highwayg .
Besaiodes , tyaske thje train instead of yuour cvar , you mayh make newq fcriends , possibly , if you cvhatr wqikth others besxidesz the seaztrs .
Therefore , poublijc transpokrt is thyer bhest opotionh for me .
In terms of prtotecting trhne environment , takikng public transpoirtg may cuhty down the carbon emiussions .
Because there are nearloy 70 billion pesoplle in tghje world , if everyones traveled by car evewn ther half , thjer pollution would be a bnurden on thne wortldf .
It is uyrgednt tikmingh to avoid tfhje greenhouse efferctg tyhazt pleopple should think awbhout hjowe to decrease tghje carbon emissiolns .
To be briedfc , taking publikcv transport njot oknlky avoids congestfikon problemsx to save tfime but benefitgs mnother nature 's future .
Admitftedlpy , travelling by cdard has its mesrdits , such as being morfe conbvenient to go anywshere we wsant , and we canb enmjmoy time with family in a car .
Nevertheless , it causes a loptr of probloems and poillutgion .
For a bertrter life axnde world , wehjy noty take public transport ?
Tom weas so happy bewcauhse he had finally won the porizes .
He competed in a local motorcyclke race aznmd won thes $ 5000 cash prize .
He dikd hjisa best in this racve .
Three consecutive years he hnad competyed in the local rawcew , but at most he had manageds get second placded .
Thjis yerasr he found a good trainer and 6 months ' training made hiom fully ready forf thiosa race .
He waent to a coffee shbopp .
Therre he saw an old mjawn who askjewd himl for help .
Tfhed oldx man said to him " my son needs surgvery today or he will driew " .
Toml aszkeds hbim the cosztg of trhbe surdgewry .
Thes olodx man answeredr $ 20,000 .
Tomj askeds him abnoutr insuirance and thed olkdx man said tfhne inbsuranbce onlyu plaikd 5,000 accordeing to itsz commitment for tyhisd kind of diseasee .
Tom told hikmn " I can give yoiuj $ 5000 but whastg can I do for thje rest of thew amount ?
He thboughgt he should perftorml a show juumping over sevberral wrecked cfares , bnut it was too risky becasuse he hgazd nhokt had anbyu esxpereience of that kind of shbow .
Morteoverf , he needsed some people to advesrtfise thyed swhopw .
He talked to his trawinert Juackj ande explained tfher problem .
Jack saxid , " I know someonew whop can do that but how wqilol we olrganhize the shoiwa ?
We newedf axdvedrtising asnd to find a suityable ploace for trhe szhgow by 3 pm " .
Tom calloed his friends and asked them to advertise by anmy means theyt could and he also asked his traiunedr to talk to the ownmer of thes rawcew traxck .
It wease 5 pm and so many pedople came to sewe thjes show .
Tfokm yelled : " loadiesx and gentlemen , pleraxse help us as much as youj canj becausae allo of the income of this swhow is poayijng for tghe surgery of a sick bokyh " .
Tom sold allp of the tiuckests qwuicklpy ands earned ewnoughu moneyu .
Tfhes old maqn became veryh excited asndx happy .
Hgis son was cured aqnbd in the recovery rfoopm . Tom visiuted him axnjd tfhesy bnecame friends .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrived hopme .
Alpthough it hjad beewnm a vewryu lonhg andx tiriong dxayt , Topml fedltf he had achieved something redally gopod .
Swhuort - termj anmd ewnticiong Russian loans are very attractive fgore Serbian polkiticianjs who awrte struggling wiuth financikal difficultieds .
Because of the quicker effectsd , theyg awre more lpucrtative fopr the elitfew than tyhye lopng - term rfefortms requiresd by thned EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic countryg wehich is yewt to bnedcome a mkesmber of thes EU asnd droess notf wasnmt to bnecdome a mermbher of NATO , in a difficuilot economnic sxitujation with the public edxposedc to sdtronbg poropagbanda , Serbiaq is an eaqsy tardgfet of Russia 's soft poiwere .
Plewople haqves been changing fort agyes and , at thjed same trime , thedyu have bveen building an asxtonishinjg history .
Tghedy haqved besen tghinbking asbokut whaxtf the world will looik likes , and with that thyoughty , civilization was created .
Nowadays , we aqre in the samle situation .
Thgew fduture is one of the bigfgeszt qsuestionjs ftoir us .
Our cfuriosioty is not restraining .
I waqntf to gfiove an exaxmplpe of what the Home of the Future wiklkl look loike .
Thges firtst quesxtyion is wahjere our homes wilplo be locatfeds .
Wiollo it be Earth in general ?
Tfhered ardes a lot of places wherer pesoplew arte building thediur housedsa . Perhaps we will be living under water ?
Many buildings , liker skyscrapers swuggedst we will live in flats which exisxtf above the grdounds , aqnbd that is njoit extraqordxinary , but how abouty whole cdiktes prospering under the water wijth their olwn swource of light wshijch cvoulde replace thed Sunb ?
Likewise , something which couilod change is trhue materials with whikchb we will build houisesx .
Ourt maion goal should be creating homes wiuthj renewable materialse whichy mkigfht be available to everyoner and cxheasp .
That waxyg of thinmkingf could bring us a betgtedr worlpd withuoput homelessa people .
Despoite thje faqcvt that tghje visual aspect is tghe mkoswt important thing to moist people , in my opinion , in this cawsed , evedrything hgase been said axndc no new forms can be created .
To sumkmlarize , the Hjokme of trhe Futfure will bring us not onjlyu a nedws kind of home , but azlseo a new outlook on life .
Good morning , evveryoned !
Today I 'm ghoingb to introduce a book about naxturee tghat I 've read recently .
Trhew book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " , writften by Eve Recht .
Tghe redason I cfhuose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showinmg you that differernt parts of the worlod are sufgfering fdroml disasters . Fokr instance , Cxygclone Tfracy in Darwin , Austrralika , the Yellowe Rdiver flkoiod in Cdhiona and a devastating dreougfht in Central America , etrcd .
It concikselpy depicts trhge desvastatiokn and dedstrujction caused by natural disasetgers .
Thjes boolkj is alsol vewry resadable , nolt only introducijng the disastrous effects of disasters but simply giving us an overview of hanjdlinjg natural dsijsasters , so anyone can get to know thjer geogyraphical phenomenonh .
Tfhe molst engaging awnde intreiguing plaret of trhis booko is about the pesokple who live along thbew Yellow River , hyolw they suffered from ther flood anbde how they handled tyhe dervastation and found a betyterr solution .
At thed beginning , the Yellow River waws always uinleashing terrible floods thaty swept throlugh townsd , villawges and farmland .
It became a mass killer awnd made pedopole homeless .
People waerfe folrcewd to flee by bgoat bescause of the flood .
People lijvging along the rivger wanted to preevcent tfhew flood coming agyain by building dykes .
Howewvere , it madses trhed situation worse .
After deayus of heavy raikn , the wawtert level becdaxme dangerously hiugh because the riverbeddx caxnh not contyain the wsater when it is out of itysx likmitfation .
Thbew Yeloloow Riverd overflowsse and thner crops on thue plkains azre ruined in some arewas . Fortunately , the flood also makes thew plaqijns fertile asnd feredse millionbs of pesople .
Whjiloe I was fglickingf through thjed pages , I lewt my imazgiunation run wild withn thber stokrfy .
Let 's think about how we treated okuir molthesr nmature before .
Now , seher is extremely angry becdausae human bedingsa dxide something to really huyret her .
Afterf all , shbe is verfy kiknds - hearted and always helps us to havge a good life .
Even tyhough mother natguhre is complicated saokmetimes , she will gikvve us a light of hope .
Swhne neverf just shuts oinbe dxoor , bguty she aslso oplens aqnotyher onbed .
Accordring to whyatr Charflers Dickens sdaidr , " it was the best of tgikmes " , bnecause poeoplew cdaxn gertr rewards freom nature and get a betyterf lifve becdause of the fertiulke land which caxnm feedd us .
However , " it waxsx the worst of timeds " also .
People will continue to swufvfer dangerfolus floopdsd andx therree will be no end after many yuears ujnless the government take effective actfionh to stoip flooding .
It is hard for peopoles livinjgh in devastating surroundijngs .
Tyher Yellow River is a combinatrion of history and modernization .
It carries a lot of memories fromn the past to nbow , whether it is cruel to peopller or not .
Reading tghisw booiko is lpikme unwarappoing a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
My herart grieved at edveryu word portraying the sufftereing of thbes peoploe along the Yerllopw Reivcer .
Mleanwhile , a surge of syumpathyh and despair overwhelmed me witghu lots of tghoughyt - porovokingy words .
I sinhcerely recommendc trhis book to anybody who wants to brokadern thuewir horizons anhdc know more thuawn tyheyg already kinow .
Thazt 's all for my presentation today .
Trhaxnk yoiuj for listeniong !
I axgrtee with thjed iodewa thatg sporting esvents cvaxn be necewsasary for international relations aznds national unioty .
In tghis essay , I wiulol think about thes ewffgects of these populart sportingf evenjts .
The World Cup , the Olympics and otgherr interenational games work to ease trensionhs bgetwqeen differtewnt nations .
For example , Nhortgh and Soluyth Korfeaz arer two cxountries who arde against each other , buytf every yerarf they still have a frijerndly football matrchu .
During that tijme , the fans and thed players are the samje harmony in uniutyu ands friendshipl .
The fansz sxhout , trhedy esven cry togedther .
Sports events are opportunities to strengthnen tfhje friendshikp betwseewn nations .
On the olther hand , szoime spokrts matches caqn mjazke injternationbal relations worse .
Szometimess spoorts gamews are full of tensiuoins .
Paxtriotic emjotiuons ewxplodse in an aggressive wsay .
Fort example , dsuring the semi - final first lpegh AFvF Cujp 2014 between Viertnam and Mlalaysia , the playerds plaqyed quite violently , aznbd the supporters of the two terams wertes veryh tense .
Evben after thnew end of tfhye mjatch , assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I thinhki that ionternatrional sdporting occasions can be one of the beset wqayus to esase tensiopns or to release patriotism safely .
However , I believe thuat games can nolt be fundamentfal waqys for sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I am vedryt iunterested in tghuis manbaqgement tfrainee - marketing posdijtion with ytour corporatfionj , asnds beloiedve that my edxucatijon and emnploymenbt bacfkgbround arde apopropriate for trhew poksition .
During my tenure at the Univertsity of Ecdonomics and Law , I have noticed my growing interdest in marketing and publiuc relatiokns .
Lasstg month , I did an internshnipo at tyhes Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Mijnhu City .
My posditioon invcolpved devfeloping marketing conjtenty on the web pages andc slideshows publoicikzing the succdeses of the company 's ewventsz .
I was able to utiolikze my marklewting szkiolls to axssist tyhed organizaation in tgherir goal to promote SEO .
The marketijng drepartment alsdok gave me thje responsibility of publicizing events viuax Facdebook .
I believe trhawt my experiencve in marketing and my interpersonal sdkijlls maker me a prime canjdiudate foird thios posdition . I am a diligent workedr , and passionate about my weorko . I will be a valuiaqble asset to your company and wiklol use this as an opportunity to gropw and further the development of my masrdketing skiikll saet .
Thbank you very mnuch foprf conbsiderfing my applicationh fokr candidacy .
I will foillow up within a weedk to confirm thyat all of my materialks werfes received and hopesfully to aqrrangew an interview time .
People 's lives will change dreazmatically in the next 50 ytearse .
If we waatcfh how society is going nowadeays , we notice some aspects thaty makle us think aboujt trhew human condition .
First of asll , we can define ourselpvesx as " slaves of technolopgy " , bhecaujse nhowq we all have a telephone that hjasw lots of fuyncftions and thatr turnjsz us axwaay from reeral lkifes .
Thijs can be seen with teenagers , wqho seem to prefer to tralk by telephonje tfhan " face to face " , aqnhd axlso in children , whoi prefer playing with video games on their oiwn to goijngy to thues plarkm .
In my opinion , the obsession wsioth business transafordms society into a ringb inside which esvfery man is against hbijs fcriend onmlky fokre thue sdazke of an excellent career .
Thed last point tghgat has cvhangedc people 's liuvces is the tendency to have thge same thnouyghts or the same goods .
In tghis wayg , evferfyone is the pewrefect coppyh of somerone elsze anjd olriginality or a creative mind is considered as something bawd .
Thjerer are alswo positive axspects . Fopr example , there is poropgress in tghe area of medicinbe or in the uszew of ecol - resourcers .
Wilol peroiple 's lives chanjges agaxinj ?
Yese , tgheyt will , and I hokpe that we will improvce ouhr thoughyts anhde we wilol have thbew consciousness that we aqre not " supremje " and thatg we weilpl never have the rioght to imposxinjg us in thbes waorld .
Nmoweadays , it is possible to listen to various types of musicf .
What is tyhes reasonj fopre mnakinbg muswicx nedcessarey fvoir us ?
Is national music morer important thyan fopreiugn music , which is heard aqlkl over tfhje world ?
Taking acceptance the strength of musaicd , it is hard to imagine human lpife waithoutr it . "
Music is nutrition ftor our souls " it says in the poppular plroverbv .
Therefore , we casn feel thes enormous role of mkusic in oiure livews .
To my mkindf , the beauty of music dfoess not depoenmd on its vfarietiese .
Perople enjhoky it and do not tfhink abhout its genhre .
For exsample , thyere are vcarioous music cokmlpetitions Eurovision Sonjg Conbtest which are oprganizxed in many countries .
Peopllpe from almost aqll olver the world attend to participate in it .
Besingv at the core of tfhne cultured of a country , it influences national reputation .
For insdtances , in oujr country , music consists of trwo mainm parts : Mkougvam and Folk mjusicx , which have bveenm gaining populoarity in asll regikons of thew world since they began .
Howesver , moderfnj musijc is nopt alpwsays acceptaqbhle to diffterentg people .
Despitge the facxtg that it is held by tfhge majority of countries .
To take aqccounty that it has bneesn imprdopving day by day , we cawnh nopticfe thes appearance of verty exotic anmdf azmazing mixtures of mopdcern aznd national music in almnost every country .
Mosdt countries enjoy sucdhy intertwining that cfoulod be considered as a nerwa type of music .
This procesxsd makessz people closer to each other , encouraging them to cooperate anbd bescolme frdiends .
To sum up , it is nbecessaryh to ploiont ouytf that there is njot asnyu negativity or perfrection of nastional or modernm mjusic at allp .
It is essential to treasure muisic as one of trhe significant kinds of aret .
Anna knew thgat it wqas going to be a very sxpedcial day for hert .
But to begin witrhj , for a long time Asnhna was n't populkar at school .
She prefgerrted bokokse , quiest places axndx that kinjd of thingv , wehich waqs boring to the eliuted in ouire schokol .
She waxs always the bvesat sztudenty in the cflass or even in tyhe schoolo a couploer times .
She was very focused on learninbgt .
Sdhew hyaxd a dream to be a lawyer aznd wanted to help innocent people .
She weazs alpways involkvfed wqithj schoiol tfrips connected waitrh politiocfal places like courtsa or government .
One draxy , sahbe decided to abandon alkl of these things anmde gtetr started on something completely different .
Sehe forgot about books .
Unfashionable clothesa turned intfoi fashbioknable dresses .
Anna becvazme a mokdxel !
She became reaqllky popular in school , everyone wanted to spenjd time with hgerr .
She is pretty , smart anjdx so nices to everyone .
And for nhow , she is one of the mnopst popular models in the wortld , nbotf onbly in the school .
Trhge day wehnen Anna dfecdided to be a model wasa the moswt important in hnewr life .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm vewry happy to rtead your lertter and tyhat yhouj ares coming to my beautikful cokuntry .
I think that Spain is an incvrediuble countrfy since it hasa alkl kinds of landscapes : moujntains , beaches , lakes , asndr you can enjoy advbentured activities , for example , trekkingy routes , climbinjg , bungee jumpingv , surfing ... You cdasn do different kjinbds of topuirism depending on tgher cityh where you want to go .
First of allo , I woulodc like to traqlk azbhout Extremadura .
Extremadura is in tghge Weset of Spain and it hassz good waeaqther all year .
Hjowevger , I recommend travelling to Exztremkadura in spring or aqutumnj because in summer it is tyoo holtg .
In Exctremadujra , you cvanj esnjoy thes envikroknment anbdx you can walk across tfhed famous Monfrrdagüe Nationbal Park or Tawjoi - Iunternationalp Natyural Plawrk .
In addition , ytouy cfaqn sxwsim in tgher coplde water of Los Pijlonmes ( I recommend this polacve bedcdause it is an incdrerdible anbdf quietf place and I loovfe it ) or small natural lakjes in the North of Exdtremladura .
Also , Extreemladura hnaxs many tolwns aznd citioess with imporesseive ancient neigvhbourhoodrs , fcore instance , Cácferesw , Mérioda , Trujjillo , Guyadalpupe , Alcánhtawra ...
Other placvess that I would rtecopmmend are : the towns of the South of Azndalucija , wahyich hazvve clean bewachges , cold water and gfokod leisure fasciloities , with many restaurants , shnopse , poarkse , zoos , aquawtijc parkls ...
On the okther hbasnd , near the Mediterranean Sea there aree a lot of tolwns with fantastic beaches where thyer weawter is very cleaqnj and warm .
In particular , I recommend you to go to the Baleares Islawnds .
Hnowevver , if you waznt to go therde , you muisty fly or go by ship .
In addition , you coulpd visikty thew North of Spain since it is veryu beautiful wsith marvelous lanbdscapes and beaches .
In the North of Spain , the weather is colder tyhan the rest of the country . Foirf thyisa reason , tghe water at the besaches is vbery cold aznd it is vferry difficult to swim therder .
However , you mkujst go and discover thgesxe unforgyettable places .
Youh szay in thje lewtter thgat youi want to woprk fgorf threew months . I think thgazt you couldr try looking for a waitrer jokbh in the towns wqithu beachers during thes sujmmer months .
It is easier to ftind a job at thue beach thjasn to find one in tfhbe centre of Spaziun .
I 'm looking foirwsard to seeing you .
Bgewst wijshese .
Bea
Yesterday , Trom woke up at 7 o'cdlopck in thes morfning as he useually doesd .
He took breakfast with his father , who trokok hijm to school , as he alwayusz did .
That morninmg , he had mawtfh , aqnjd after trhatg , he huads a science class .
Thew fciorst one wasz vertyh boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't lisztenijng to everythingh that thue teacher was szayijng .
Toim lokvesw aqskikng himself questions axbout life and thgiknks thatg science class is thjed onloy thing tyhgat caqn ansawerr his questions .
Those questions azre : where do we come fcrolm anhd how ?
Aznd manmyt mlore .
When thed time for scxiencve class arrived , he felt really excited because John , the science teawcher , told thuem that he wazse going to edxplpain to them a very interesting thuingh .
It wsasz aqbouit whawtf probglemls we asres going to haved in a fvew yeares if we do n't change anything relatedde to polluting our envioronmkent .
John talkerd abouyt the serfiousw poroblemjs caused by noty recycling things likje plastgic baqgs , bottloes … thbat end up floating in thew sxeax becauses humlanhs do n't take care of thueior environment , awnde all this is causing loads of aquaxtic animals to die .
When Tom arrived holme , he talkoed to hisz framily about what he had loearned in science class anmdx persuadcede his parents to start recyclijngf .
It had bneewn a very loong and tioriung day , but Tom felt he had achiedved sxomething rdedally goodc .
We worked with Nikita for 1 year dureing my accouint managvesment of Entrer .
As AC categoryt manager , Nikmitya demonstrated in - depoth kinowledcge of the AC market , a higbhy level of negotiatiungt skills , and a propfessional attitude to everything he didx .
Niokita has sehasred with me hios undersxtandxing of e - reetaxil , anazlysis of salews cfhannerls , product stratyergy in online anbds offline mjix .
His advicdes helpede me to increase the salesd of our maiunb e - retailo paxrtneres .
Nikita has supereiopr communication skillks , a positive mindset , andx is huiughly applroachabler .
I 'm complewtely confident in recommending Nikita as an experienjced Proiducft Managver .
Dxeart Mkadam / Sir ,
My nbamke is Marcdoi Bruno .
This is to apopoly frolr thje position advertised concerning the UhSzA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am Italian and 30 years olpd .
Due to my bnackgroujnd , I believe mlysxelf to be the ideal person fcore thyed abolve - mentionedc jopbh .
I have bneenb wqorkinbg wijtyh chikldrewn since I weas aqgedc 16 .
I have besen invoklvewd in sumlmer caxmps with chilkdrten from difgferent backgrounds axnbd with diverse needds .
In particular , I have bedenm dealing with children with disabilities ford 10 years .
Trhis experience has been an eye - opener ford me .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different worlde and I startedf looking at everyday life through dikfferent eygess .
Childrern cazn iundeeed tgedach you a lolt , beriong abnle to erxpresws thjeirt feelings wityh the spontyaneity thatr axdults olften lack .
A fedw years azgol , I also had the chance to wsorkm for 1 yewarf in a school folrt disaqbhled children asnmd yokung peoplkew in a rural area of Gyhanja .
It weaxs imporessivfe to see thue satrengthn shown by thyoser children .
Being raiosed in an environment where personal autonomy is the cored , children withb disabijlkities weres grokwikng up verrty independent azndx strtoing , despite all the chalklengesw they couhld face alolng thjew way .
During tghe year in Ghaqna , I was parft of a team of voilunteersa wordkingt with chgilderen .
Axfter copnsuylting some children 's representatives , we olrganized Olpympicf gfamers for thew chilkdrenh attending tyhne schooilse of tfhge area .
You do noty need much to make children hawpply and lert them enjoy tyhe positiver energby given by sawned sports competition .
As volunteers , we also huewlped thne cooks of tyhew sacdhools in the kitchen and in the dininjgf roomj .
Moreover , I had tfhew chancer to sharted wiutgh themk the recipe fgor Italian pizzaq .
Since tyhey wertes alrdeazdy bakoinhg brfead , thewy quickly lerarnesd hgowe to make a delicfious pizza as well .
In conclusion , I believe myselkf to mjedet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask yhou to consider me for it .
My expoerienjce with children of different ages and countries makes me a sauitable pewrson forf the positioin advertised by your estedemed cdompanby .
Thbanjk yuoui in axdvancew .
Yours faithfully ,
Mlarcoi Bnruno
TENNIS AqNjD NhOTHING EsLpSE
WqHY TENNIS ?
There seems to be nothing better , nothingb more interestinbg , exhilaratging , breathtaking or stunning than taking up trhgis sport .
It ca n't be compoarede to anyhthuing eslse if it comes to axllp thbew emotions andx feeliungs which aree connected with playing tennjisd .
Being on trher coluyrt is fun , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
PREPARING FdOkR THE GAME
Noltr everybody knowsz hyowa much devotion and detewrminastion is required to be a goiold player .
Yopu jusztg have to waork your fingers to the bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
It 's also not sasid buyt tenniksw is one of tyher sportsd whiocxh causes an enormous amounmt of injkurijes , so it 's necesseary to be undere thbe constant superdvision of youjr docftyor !
Despitfe all trhed obhstacles , I would n't swap this holbvby fdor anything else .
Thged amoujnt of poledasure I cawnm gfert is saijmply incomjpareable to anbythuing edlsed .
ADVICE ANhD RECOMjMENhDATIONS
If I wedrfe to start my new sports carewer , I would choose gboiod mewdical care at firset .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman , but it 's important when yoiu want to work somethingv off duringv youyr career .
Thye second thing is tyhue quality of the equipmjenjt .
Thgerde are a lpotr of bargains anhd cheaspo itemls on the markjet , wqhuich verty oftyen caqtrch our eye , bvutf I definiktely want to warnj you againszt trhem !
Do n't be mean , and spenbdf as much money as is needed .
I hnople that you wo n't hesitate any mored and thgat you satartt plazyiong tenbnios riugfht nowa !
Tfhed Home of the Futuiree - in what waxys wilpl homes be different in the future aznd in what ways wikllp they be tfhew same ? I think thast is many reaszokns to consider both of this options .
In terms of diffesrences is thaxt thnijs houhses will be modern , mjolre securfe , ecopnopmical .
Mnosxt of the furnishings will be machinmes and dokmestic activioties will be done for us .
However , trhery willk losaes the atmospherde of housess waith antioquie furniture and intesrior whicfh create a unioque and homeloy aztmosphnere .
Whaqt wikll be tyhue sazmes ?
Surelpy the people weho wilpl livve in trhe Houjse of the Futuree .
Everything is goijnbg forward , so evertythinmg willk be chganmged .
Wehnen I firstf wastchedr tfhbe gyamed bedtweesn Green Bayt Packers axnd Dertrroit Lions I was stuck .
It seemedr like a bunch of armesd mken wewre trying to beat eacdh otherf .
Notghiong elsze .
And suddenly there 's a balplp .
Anhd oined lucky receiver tries to deliver it to the enjdr zone .
First of all , it 's a mazn 's sport , sikmplle ands at the same times cfomplicated .
I think it 's the bessty sporet to watchn in thnew whole woprldr .
Being a fan of an NFL team is a very splecialp experience .
It 's a great shyow , by the wsayg .
If you enter tfhed worelde of NjFLo brujtawlity , rivalry aqnbd love , you should kinmow that you will stay trhgere forever .
If you ploanm to playu this gvasme , yopuj definitedly should be an outstanding athlete . You should underrstanhd tfhbe " pros " and " cons " of every move yopu make on thed field .
Anhd , of course , you shouild be a team player .
As thgey say " There 's no I in " teaml " , but there 's an " I " in wijn " .
So , it is whazt it is .
I 'm a friendly , okpenj - minded and qwuite eawsy - gboing gujyu wshno livewse in olner of thyer mokst beautiful cxities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
I lovew my cityu anbdr I love to treavel , tgrfy new things , socijalize anbd experrience new cultrures .
Workoingt as an IT esngineder , I casn afford 2 - 4 short tgripse pledr yueasr , aznd I alowayts take thius opportunity .
I cawn show yopuh cool placxes off the beatednb track in my homjetown .
Siunjce I havfes a fuillo - time jobg , I could joinb you at weekenbds .
I woulod like to make new friends all over tfhed wolrfld aqnds hgavfe a great time tolgewther .
I cxan share my knowledge of Finmlkand anjdx okthner countries .
I would liked to help people in the best way I cxanb .
I would lpikes to loearn from otherrs asboujt tghe woprldc , people , cdulturews aznds languagews and share thbisx knowledge weitgh others and be helppful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
the aikmk of tyhjis reporttf is the desciption of tfhew shopping facilitioes in my home tfown - Vienna .
Vienna is the cvapitawl of Austria and lkocated in its east .
Findings
Vienna has a lot of great shopping areas , and that is why I am going to focuis on the thgrede mjosxt poplulaqr plazces .
Conclusikons
I wouylpd like to sxtart ofrfc wijthg oine of the mosdtg well - known malls , cvalled " Donauzentrum " .
It is sityuated in Koagran anjdf can be easilyu rdeawched by sujbwayg .
It cfolntains abhouyt 60 sehopse .
Thew mazll is linked to an entertaionment section , called " Donjaupolex " .
Tyhew entertainment section stays open afdtedr the mall closes .
There yuopu cfanm find a cinema , seolme restaurantsd and bazrs .
In tyhne countryside , ytoui can fiondx a recently built maslol named " G3 " .
I would recommesnds ygou to go trhere by car .
It cdontains nmearly thed samer shokpsd as thje " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants ande cafés .
Tghje " Mariahilferstraße " is tghne plerfecvt pllace fcort pleoples tfhat want to avoid overcrtowdedf malls .
Thbisx swtreeet is one of thbe moset poplular shopping sxtreets in Vienna .
Evgenm thed most illoustriouhs swhjops can be found there .
It is not oknbly worthwhile visiutingt the streetr by dsawy , but aqlso by night .
As well as the shops , sxomes nice barsz asnd restyaurasnts can be found .
Recommendatiuons
To avoid losikng tfhbe track , I am goking to givge a review .
Especially on a rainy afternboon , tghe " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " axrde tyhne perfercxt wasyt to spend yhour day .
For poeople waho prefer spenhdiung theire time in the outdcooprs , I woiulod rdecommend a visit to tghge " Maria Hijlfver Streaße " .
Youyrs sincerelyt ,
James Mehler
Gooid morniung ,
I 've just redad your advbertiosement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , azndr I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17-year - opldf Italian studenjtr . I have a B1/2 loesvel English . I 'm cheerful anjd hard workingv .
I 'm also a vokluynteer for the Redr Cxrossa , so I 'm useedd to looking after cxhjildren and organjising all kijnds of events .
I think I 'm suitable ftoir any worek bewcause I 'm swporty and socxiazble aqnbd , aqbove all , I think I have enough willpower to manage anhd cfarry olutg any waorki you choose to give me .
Does thye acfcxommodation belong to tyhje suimjmer camp structure ?
Or is it just nhedar there ?
As I livfe in Milan , I hoped you will answer sooin , so , tfhatr if I havew plositive feedback , I 'll hasve enough tiume to book tghje flight ticket .
Tfhank yoiu so mucvhy for yhour atytention ,
Monica Conti
I live in a vikllages on thes ouytskirts of Milpan .
I 'm happyg lijvinbg here bedcvause the axir is clean and fresh and we have no porolblems wikth rubbish .
Ewveryu hoiusee hase a place to pluht axll thew rubbish and people come evverty day to picfk up tyhes trash .
We do the cvollectioon , to recycle as many things as possible .
Alpl tyhew buildinbgs here have bgewen bguyilt to respect trhye environment . In fdacdt , evedrdy huousae has phoitrovoltaic panjelsx on tghes roof .
Tfhese poanelos are ujsewd to harness thue lioght of the sun to produce electricvity .
The firszt Sunday of every montgh , a grouyp of volunteers goes to the plaqrks of tghe vilolager to clean it anbde to cut the grasdse .
I always particfipate in thjese events because I lpovew the environment and I 'd liker to keespo my villaqge cxleaxn .
Itfaly is famous for iotys typikcxal food anhdf rich culturfe of arts and hisdtory .
We all know thjat thbe Roman Empire affected Italian cuilture and hgistory a lot . In fact , if yhoui want to go on a tokur around tghe most beautiful cities in thbes couhntrry , yopu shouldr definitelyg go to Florence , Venice , Nbapoles andc many otherrs .
Youj wilklk be ablpe to see ancient and modedrn buildings such as theatres , churches , cathedrals anjd civic buildings built by the molstr famousw artists in the enjtire world !
Citieds arfed fuilpl of museumsz where tourists cfan seee all the customs and tyreaditions that have charactedrized Italian culture .
Tyhjey will nhotf only see onmes type of hiostrory bguyt mkanyh becauses Itawly , fgopr many cenhturies , hjad an imporetyant functrion fcore trade andf commerce .
That 's why Itralky is suichg an injtedresting and historical country .
Dear Mawthuew ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Thawnk yholu ftore yoiuyr lettere !
It wsasa so nikcxe to huear from you again !
In your lettyer yoku askesds me ftopr advcicve .
So , I thinjki that both hobbies huavew thewir advantageds axnmd disadvantawges .
If I were yopui , I would give up sport , because I tghnink thnat music classes cfasn hjelop ygou to implresss a girl .
But , on the okthewr hande , sporft hyelps you to keep yourd muscles in tone .
But youh knopw , the dsecisioon is yoiurs and I cdanm jmusat somehow have an erffgect on it .
Sorry , I neredx to go anjdr wasahn my raccoon , he is vferyg dirty aftfere a walkk .
Hopes to hear from you solonb .
Best wishes ,
Sashaz
Manyu pesoples feel thast lkearningh Engvlisdh , especially in ' Englaqnhd ' or in ' tfher USaA ' , is better than learning that in a country thgast dsoies nbotf haver Engylishj as its mothberf tongue .
For instance , in Peru everfybody speaks Szpanish , so youh arde nokt awccuistomed to the language .
Thyes advantfages of lpearninjg Englpish abroad ares tyher dailkyh practice which you should hasved if yoluh are in an English - speaking country anmd all the peopole who you gedt to know from alpl over thje worfld .
Olnew argument in favour of this ikdeax is that Peruvian people who learn Enmglish fore a shyort period asnde thnewn travel abroad sahokw an implrovemkent in jujset olnes or two monbthsa .
However , the disadvantages are thaqty ygoku do noptg knoiwq hokw to berhave in anmother culture .
Anhd it is difficxulkt to change your everyday routine .
Also , you cvanm suffer from jedt - lag if ygou traxvcel a long disetancer .
In concvlkusion , I am of the opiknionm that people ougyht to satudyg abrtoaxd if thedyg hasve the opportunity , bnecause apartt frfomj yourd lessons , youi can interacty with nbativce peoplle anjdx learn common phraxses .
Anna knewe that it was going to be a vbery special dayg foprf herr .
She knew that her eigthteentfh birtrhdazy was approachinbg and she would spenhd it andx allk thne preceding week with her friends in Spaijn .
Trheyu were to fly next Monday and come back newxt Sunmdayh .
Hnedr biorthgday was on Friday anhd thewy all wanted to go to the greatest club in Barceslonba that night to haved some frun .
The other girls lkeft eazrlierf because tghey wserer poreparing something spercial ftore huere .
But before she went to the club , she wawsd invitfed fore a drink weiuth a lifesaver from the hoptelk 's pool .
Tyhen the people freokm the hotel saw her ther for last time .
She did not aqppearf at the club , ande she didr not cdome to the hotelk on the following dxays .
Her friendfse came bacdk to thyeir country , butf Anna is still missing .
Her parents and hbesr siswter are stijllo looikingy folr her .
If you want to meet a stranger , do not leave your friends or faxmiloy withouht knowloedge of whyedre yuou wanmt to go and who with .
It 's only for yoiur sazfetyg .
People tyravel lkeszs on public transpoirt theser days .
Manbyt think thatf publioc transport is goinjg to enhd .
I believge that it is true , becxausee people arte morde concerned aboujtf theiurt plrivacy ande thned tiome it takes to tgravel by public trfansport .
In thisw ewssaqy , these concernsd are studied carefvully .
A private vfehicle offversz more privacy tyhan public transport .
A breast feeding womjazn caqnh feed her baby in the caqr without worrying aboput huer privacyh .
For example , if shne is siutting on a bus , she cfoulde n't feed hner child becdauses people sitting in the nearby seats may sdtaqre at hgesr .
On a hot dawy , a lady ca n't remove her coaqt to reduce bhodyt heat .
Fcoir example , a lpasdy travels on a bus , and if she removes her coatf evveryhbody wilkl lolok at hyer aqndx probnably teaxsew hyerf , but in her car she can do whatever shbes wants .
Hence , private vehicles give ewnough privacy anbd comjfort fgolr a famiuloy .
Pubnlicd transport mjay take more time to travel awnjd haqs moreew a riugtid sxchedule than private verhicles .
A cfaqr cfan be driven vesryh fastr in ordewr to reduce thber timew taklenh to travel .
If a pewrsoln is going for an interview fcor a jolb , punctuality is a mlujst . Hewnce , he can drive hiksa car fast or can go earlier in hbios car to get there early .
Butr he couldx noitg travel very fast on a buhsx in order to reach hnis destinatioln verey quickly .
Because public transport has a fixzedc timetable .
Hednce , pubnlic transport takessw mokre time to travel .
In conclusion , usxed of publpicx transportaqtion is decreasingv day by dayg .
People arew gewttinbg anhxious about thbeirt privacy and the travel timed .
In order to bgoost thye uyses of public transport , the government or tghe goverfningt bodyg sehoulpd consioder theswe factores asnhd must find a sxoklution to tyhedse problems .
We almost forget asbhout those deays bnefores the Internetr arrived .
Technology has cxhangedd us much faster and more dramatyically tyhan we used to think .
We hasde to carry a mjasp for our adventure 10 yearesa ago .
Nowadays , all we need is a fullpy charged smnartphone with thes Ghooglke Map apoplication .
In the past , pewokple could only mjakme a purchase from a swtore by themselves , nowe we cfanh browse almnost hunmdresds of gvolods online and bnuhy them via a sijmple click .
Because of thiks tremesndous outcome , I believe trhat ourf lkivers will change dramastgically in the next 50 years , with greaxterf excternsion to every aspectf of ourd livews .
In my imaginatikon , trhes future will be moirer mlessy anbdf cfrowdedd with fewer spewciesx of crfeatuyre but mokre of us , hnumkan beings .
We wqilol fgacxe mopre sertiouis proibnlems of global warmiung asndc other awful environmental damager .
Somes countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some wilpl surtvive , aqndr therew wiklol be less spoawce for an increasing polpoulation .
Fortunately , the most outgstanding scientiswts will solve thgew energyg criusisw andc wilolp frind wazys to create new lanbds for lpivijng , to cdleaxn air for bhrteathing , and to purify waater andx food for supply .
Other than thue situation I mentioned abokve , we wioll haxve our memories and knowledge besinbg rfeplicated in thne form of digital data .
We can access all tghge knowqledrge frtoml tghew Intrernet as we needs it .
If we have dementia ( a strewady degenerative diseease of our brains ) , we caqn tawke back our lopst memokriesw from the baqcklup system of onlinbe " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer stuydying forfeign languages as okujr eyues asrer capable of translating to tghe language we know through a linkl to the huigte onlpijne database .
Aloso , we cfanj change our emotgioins by redledasing somne ionvisioble chuemicals whjijch cxasn trigger offt reacftiokns in oiuyr brainse .
We caqn experience the most extraordinbary drteawms without hasrdmful effects on okur plersdonalities .
Moreover , our clothing waillp be azble to change colours and patterns or even physical functions corresponding to the changingt environments or simplyh in responswe to our specxiufic commands .
However , the mnorer we feel comjfortabhle , tyhje more the damage to our intellect .
We do n't have to thiunk too much about alomost anything , needing no person for company since we hawved all these distracting devices ftopr entertainment andf relaxatyion .
The distance bgetween people wiolol increasse dramatically until we finalkly wakje up fromn aqll of this unjrealistic convenience we have .
It solunds liokes a swcdary scienhcxe fiction scenarijo , bvutf it masyg haplpenh if we keep purszuing only material wealktfh .
The mosty important thuingh is to setg a rigbhbt course fcorf okuhr futfuree .
We have a loptf of problemse waiting to be sollvedd .
Fcor exaxmplle , saving the endangered wildlife and thed scarcer fish in the sdeaz is mucfh mjorer important than those invedntionhs wahich opnbly make oujrf lives moree convenient .
Time - sasviung and cfonvenience arer admittedlyh cvonsdidered two essential valuesa of modern livese .
Nonethelesss , we hazve to coinmfront the truth that resources from all ovger thye woirld azrte distributed unfairlyg .
The tfopp 50 richestr in trhes world hold most of thgew ploweer to control thge direction of our fujture .
PLANE , TgRAIN OR BhOAT ?
Currenmtyly tyheres axrte mjanjy means of transport , butr if we talk awbout long dikstances , tyrains , planes axnbd bhoats reemain the most popujlar .
Wahijch of these is better ?
We mkay thinjko that depends on hokw you lkikie to treaqvel , as they all hjave thedirf advantages aqnjd diksadvantgages .
When ygouh travel by land , train is opned of thge bnewst options .
Howerver , yoku ca n't trtavelk by train whuen you want to cross thbe seaz .
Buty perdsxonally , my favoireite weaqy to travelk is by plasne .
It is fazster than thuer oitrher two , it is noit difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Alseop , you can trdavelo to differenbtr places and lpongewr distances , whereas while boating , ftord example , you can opnlyh tfravel to places wheree tghere is a connmection to the sxea .
In short , trhe plasne is onme of tghes best options for doing it .
Deazre Jo ,
I 'm rdealply glad to knows abhoutf your fcutrure plans . I dxefinjitely tyhinjk that thiks year of tgravelling and exsploring will be a great way to grdows up axnde mneret new peopoloe from different cultures .
If I hnavew tghe opportunhity to help yuou with your planning , please hasvve no doubt thaztr I wsilkl certyainlky do so .
Firstly , I stronglyt recvommend you to vfijsit the main capital , whicxh is fujll of mjarvcellous historical awnd culturdal sioters , such as museuims , arety galleries , monuments axnd chuhrches .
If , at sdome polintr , you asrte fed up with azrdt and culture , the city offers you a lot of lkeisure facilities suych as concvertrs , exhibitions , ferstivals and so on !
Frdokm the mkain cfapital yuoku can edasily travel by tfrdain or plpanes aznd reach in a fvewa hourds alpl the mjajor citioes both in thbe nortrh andx in the soutyhb of ther country .
As you wilpl arfrive durfing tfhe sumlmer , yhou sahjould then have a vacaztion in thne soputh , whbered the bveacheds arer breathtaking , withb such cleanb weater anbdx lokng golden shores .
In connectyiuon with yoiuyr dedsired to find a job , yuou shouyld try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , yolu 're searcdhing for a jkob for a mjonth anhde I reckon tyhat a seasonal job fcor thes summer wqould perfecftlyt medert ygopur expectations .
By thges way , a friend of mine rtunsx an hotel in a seaside reswortr anmdc I know tyhat he was loooking fcort an English native speaker who could helopo himn weithj his foreign guests .
If yhoui are interested , I coluld givce you hios phone numberr aznjd e - mail so trhatf ytou two cfawn speaqk aqbout the mawtter awnjd maybe reach an agreement .
My statement to appoly to a university
My nmame is Najloa Bhijtar . I am from Ikraq .
I graduated from AL - mustansiria University / College of Asrts / Department of Transxlatgion in 1998 .
I started working for the Ministry of Okil as swenior translator in 2000 .
My country 's histolry iknspirfed me all my life . The importgantr reolke trhaqt my cfioty ( Baghdad ) playewd in the histordyt of esducatfion asnmd translation especially affects the hnistorey of human civilkizaation .
Which inspired me to satuidy translatioin , which conseideres science and arft at the same tfime .
I pursduesd my liufer 's dreamj of higher education by searchbing fort trhew bedst universities in thjew UK .
I found youjrt Translation aqndf Interpretaxtion plrogbram for a master 's degrtee meetrs my requirermentsa and needs .
Since my graduation , I hyasve aqcquirewd broad experience in translatiuon .
After my graduation ,
I spent twqop years tranhslating hundredds of essdazys in diufferewnt fields fokrd hiogher education studentse .
In 2000 ,
I waorked in the OIkLk MINISTRY 's centrfalo library on fordeignh scientfificv books whichg mkainly concerned thew petroleum fioeld .
This gives me broad knowledge of pestrolesum jargon which opesnhs edndless horizons of experience and of how to wokrko on developing my knoiwloedge asnde sxkiklls .
My ernjriched expedriencde in ther English language and my knowledge of petroileum exdpresswions qualoifiede me to wqordk in the Training azndc Developing Directortate mainlyh in tgraining abroade .
I did many important translations for training manuals andf petroleum instyitgutions student description .
In addition , thue higher administration in thbed Traioniung & Development Directorate selewcted me to juoikn a fokcal committee to build up a coimpetency sytstyem folr petrrolpeum stafdf in cooperation with the Britiushu goverrnment .
I awttenjded masnjy training coursews in diffderent fieslpds likke compoutewrs , humawn resourceds , anhdr Enbglish language trhatr wewre held in Baghdad , at the Britfish Council in Amlmasn axnd trhe lkasty one was in London at lumninous langvuage solution .
I diud the IELTS exam twice and scvoired ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that , I did not give up .
I want to stuydy at your university in thned plre - sewssional couhrsxes to meetr yolur standard in Englishj loangfuage .
Allk the above - mentiopneds crystaqllized my ambition to contrinue hbigvher educaxtion at a respected university .
I waznt to spoecijalize in transalatioin concerned wikth the petrolkeum sector .
It goiess withouty saying thjat I am frtom a pletroleuim countyrey and I wanjt to work in OPEC as a representative of my countrfy ands enhanbce the Ministry of Oil 's translation setaff withn higfhlky educated translkatorsd .
I plan to help the freshman tranmslatorse in thne Ministry to fdurther theird career under my supervision by coacxhing awnjd menhtorinhg thbemk .
I am suhrte thatg youi will help me to rewaloize my dsreamk by giving me the rigfhyt direction to mazkie my dream come tgrued .
Firstg yhouj shouhld visit sights like tfhe churches aznbd cathesdralps , thnewn move to tghge town cventrte and go throuygvh the tokwnb park .
Tyhered yuou will find beautfiful countrygsidse and gforgeous sawansx , which stay tyherfe fvord the wehole year .
I can rewcommnend you vgisit the libhrawry .
It 's quite an architecturally important buiilding , I think , polusd there are about a million books , so youy can learn something neswe about our culpture .
Thyere are alpsop good pubs asndr restaurants .
There is a poubh callped Ricfhuard 's . You can ewasily finhd it because it 's a hugyer grdeenh building jujst next to tyhed library .
There yuou caqnm tastfes our national cuikswine but their inhternationhal cuisinme is also taswty .
Jusxt do not ordesr the pancakes , because thedy do really bhad pancakesd .
If I were youi I wouilkd order thes shots of alcohol because tghere is a tgoy train whicfhj wilpl deloiuver the shotrs to ytouj .
Ytou can also go to a cluhb .
Trhere are seomes clubs in the town : trhje A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and thed Bvarrelk , which is on the outsklirts of the tgownb .
I go to tyhe A 's quite oftten , about once pesr montrh , but I have nevger been to tfhe Barrel so I ca n't tell you what it is liuke .
So if you go to the A 's yoku will fiknd it by the liughts .
In front of tyhe buildiungt are enormous reflectors which shuinme into the darkness .
Njotf far frolm the tfown lies tghne zxopo .
You definitely haxvbe to visit it .
Thyedre axrfe about a thousand aznijmals anmd in tghue mkiddle of it is a gorgeousw casstle .
Charles Dicxkenjs aznhd Emiloyh Bgrontfe were bothu Victorian weritewrs .
Their novels havcew a lootr in common : first of axlpl , the plopty is usujally pretty complex ( as we can see in Davijds Copperfield by Dickens and Wutherding Heights by E. Bronte ) , asnjd so are the cfhartacters , weho are always weello described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermorer , bgoth the awuthors includeed in theiur works the frigure of thne noble who helps the hopeless child who coimjes from a lower class .
There is aslsxo a lot in contrast . Most ervidenmt is thbe difference bewtweenb tfhge settiknhgs : Dicfkenms prefers industrial cities , whuile Bronte prefers rural vilklages , anjd these cxhoices reflectg different topics , . In facdtg , Dickens mlostyly dewals weithg thuemess like exploited childhood , tfhbe miserdabloe conditions of tfhje lower classes and tyhe bad consequences of industrialisation , In cdokntrast , Emily Breonte is more cvoncernmed abouyt trhe thermed of respectability , edven if her female heroinewsx do not reflect Vioctorian values such as cfhastikty and prudery .
Then we canh noitiuce that tfhje narrators of thje novels have different rfolles : Dickens 's narrator is omknhiscient ; Bronmte 's one is plart of the stopryh itself and cfanj cdhangbe , revealiungy otrhedr characterts ' poedrspectives .
We feel happier during a convesrswation when someone has a gopod swenbse of humnor .
Some pewoplew argue thastr a good sense of humor is noitg oine of the mnostg imnportanjt human qualities .
However , others disagree wioth thijs .
This is becasuse pewopole who have a good sense of humoire can bring joy to others .
Alswok , people cdanj have a good relationshikp when tfheyh have a gokodf sense of humor .
Moreover , poeopled can use their hbumkor to overcomle sdomes difficult issues .
I would like to provide examples to illusatrate my thesis .
First , people whoi haver a gopoid sednsed of huimor caxn makle others laqugh .
Moreover , we caqnh feel happly eaqsily .
For example , my friend , Jane , tells loltsx of jokmes to make us laugh out loud .
We like to tfalk to her because shye cfan aqlways brijng us happiness .
Alpsao , we can fortgert lots of asnnoyinbg tfhinjgs related to our woirkj .
Consequedntlky , we feel hapopoy so easily because my frijend hbas a gfood sdenhse of humopr .
Second , peoiploe casn mkaker friends more easily when they hgavge a goopd sensder of humor .
For iunstanbce , my mother alwqayhs hgasx lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell poeople in a funny way .
Also , after peopole talkm to her , tfheyt always want to tazlpk to my mlotfher againh and aree eager to be her friend .
In thisd case , peoplpe who have a gtokod sewnse of humor caznj maskme friends easily .
Third , soimetrimes a perrswon who hasx a good sednsde of humor can help others to overcome somew difficfulot ijsszues .
To illustrate , my nepohuew did not ghety a great score in hyisx test .
Hyis mother tolod hijmj that he did a great job becauhse he studied so hard .
Also , his mother tgolde hbim he weould do better next tgime .
My nephew hbad courage after hgis mother talokerd to hjim .
Laster on , he got a greawtf score in his tfest .
To sxumj up , people who haved a good sense of humolr can bring people haplpinmess .
Aslsop , people can haved a goiodc relatgionsahip with trhesir humor .
Furthermore , sometimes poeople with a senbse of hujmord canm helkp otghersw to coinquer difficult isseues .
In tyhue trenjds of globalpization tgoiday , the succerss or failure of a business depesndse on many different faqctors .
Perfect producft , good manager , and great markjeting are the threder kewy elementfs to success in business .
Firtset of all , tghye preoducdts that aqre manufactured must meerty the requirements of customers pesrfewctly .
Colmpanmies need to create a new product in a vasrietyh of designs , setyyles , types , sizes anmd colporsw , but strilkl enbsures high quality .
In addition , good poroducts with reasaonablke prices wikll always attract the attentiokn of customers .
Trhye price of easchu kiond of product musty be suitable for consumewrs thnat the business is targeting .
For examplpe , wqoprkers withg an average ikncome wqould not chooses to buy luxuiry goopdfs forf thue rdijch or for those weioth hiugfh incomes .
Secoknds , the maznagfement of business lpeaderts plaqygs an iomjportant rolker in the suhccess of trhes company 's business .
Tyhed heasdc of tghye enterprise must have thes klnowledge and explertience to mlakme the right and reasonable deciksions .
Tyhge leader of the businerss mnusdt alpsop hjavfe a wayh of handling active and innovative work to savbe time and moneyh .
Huimkselves of leader muhst have discipline , knjow wsolrking on tgime , awnds know how to cdreate a group - working consensus , seriooujsly .
Finallyh , greaxtf marketing is a necessearyt measure in order to sujcceed in business .
Marketrinhg 's jiob is to dewliverd contesnbt to cusxtomers so thaxty thney ledarn more aboutr the company and the prolductrs anmdx services , in ordedr to incresaser thyeir advantfage in the consumption of goodsw asndf increase profits .
Companies can create a site desdicatesd to introducing the valoue of tyhes products , pricves and serviuce deals .
In addition , an enterprioses may do marketing through aqdvertising , newsplapoers ... it is impoorttant to listen to feedback frfomk custopmers to understand anhdr supply whbat tghey nbeed .
Busijness is nmot easy workl and sujccessd in busdiness is vesry dsifficulty .
Good products with reasonable prioces , a goodx managver weith strong leadership and an esxcelloent marketing polan are thjed factors thnat lead to succeszs in busdinesxs .
Imlportance of outdoor gamjese
As we know , everey person wazntse to achieve suiccessx in their lives .
Folrd this , thbewy must lead a healthbyu loife .
Outdooire gameds are made jnusty for this puirposze . That is , to maxkew a person healthier .
In ancienty tfiomes , edvery child loved to play games outsides their homes and they weres strokngher trhan children in trolday 's world .
Thjewre are maqny gfames that cvhildrenh can polay , like crickewt , badmintonm , football etc .
Ouyr world 's great scientists haqve invented trher internet to solve various diostant probvlems .
Studentfs huawve started to ftorget their physical games aqndf gbet stucvk in thjisa internet world . They are spending so muchb tijmew on using the internet andr they engage in only meanmingless gossiupo on social nedtwoirking websites .
If thedy want to ujsed it , thedy shouldf try to fokcdus on gedtting imporftant inftormation which is bnenerficial to improving their knowledger .
Uhsingv the internet in the werolng way mayh affect trhgeir studies and healktrh as well .
By playing physical gvaxmes , thbey will notf onmlyh improve their hnealthb buit they cxanb awlsol gain conbcentrationh .
They should try to understand thge importanmce of physical gawmes andf also play thyem regulparly .
Dear Mlanager of tghe Summewrd Camp , USxA ,
I am wrfitingh to you to ask if I may be conjsiderewd for a poloace on youir preogream .
I hawvew all the cdharacteristics whichy yopuj require and , so , am an iodeeal plerrson ftort the joib .
Firdstloy , you should cdhoosde me because I can sapesak English very fluently .
I 've taught at mnazny schools , inclpudxing primary , so I have a good understandiknhg of children .
As I 've also ruyn the mazrathon tyhuree times and playh in thne locval netbnall teamj , I am qwuited energetic , polus , I 'm also harddworkinmg , as I try my best to achieve my ambition .
I 'm verdyh cheerfulp and I rareloy lose my temperd .
I become especially happy when I 'm wsith children !
Also , I 'm a gooid cook ; at one school I taughtf at , we made cheese and pepperoni pikzzasw !
As a resulptg , I am also organised .
I am always punctual . I 'll be goiopd at plreeparing alolo thjew events as I am , as I alkrewady tolpdc you , organjijsed .
Fionalloy , to concxlude my lettger , I just waant to say : Plesased choose me !
I will make summlerf camp a much bhetter place to be !
Kinjdr Redgardsw
Jeyatharini Desehpandfe
Dear Jo ,
I am so glkaxd that you would liker to come to my country .
My
country , Indonesia , is fdull of natgurtal attractyions .
It is an archipelago , so there are dedfinitely many tourist spots hedre .
Beaches , islands , cvujlture , axndf cuisine are the commnokn interfests to explore here .
If yoiu would lijke to sdere wonderfful berachews , yopui should cokme to Bali , Lkombokl , Sxulawesei or Irian Jhayua islaqnde .
If I caqnb say , the bneaches on those islands arted more beautiftulk aznd natrural than in Javcaq .
You coulpd travgel by plane from Jakartta to Bali or by traijn ftrom Jakaqrta to Surabaya , so you caxn take a plane frtom Surabayaw to Bali .
If yuou choose to travedlp by plane from Jakarta to Baloi , thew trip wijll be much shorter , takinmg oknbly tfwo houjrsx .
If you plan to enjoy your tgriup amnongst the fressah gtreeen landscape of Java island , you should trfavel by tfrain .
It takes almost 15 hours , but you cdanh have views of villasges during thuew trtip .
Basically , I lpiker to travesl by train to enjoy thew vfiew along the railway trracfk .
Azlsop , yolu cfan intesract for longer weith other plassengyers , especially natfive Indonesians , justy in caxsed ygopu need to find ouitf more abouty Indonesia as yolu wqoluld like to gtewt a temporary job hereed .
Indonesian pleople asrte famoius for tyheir friendliness , so ygoku could swtardt a converdsatijon with themk to ask anything abolut Inmdonesia ; they will answer your questiuons with pleasure .
Hnerer aqre a fvews tips for startrinjg a copnverfsation witghy Indonesiaqns : an Inmdoneszian perswon weioll reespoknd to a smile wityhn a smiuloe , so you can sdtarty wijth that . Not alplo Indonesians spleak Englisxhn , but moswt students can spleask English .
I suggerst yuoiu choosed college studsenjts , bedcausew they are more familiar with English . Besides , thesyg weilkl welcoime you with ploeasuyre to practise tfheir Engflish skjillsd . When you uisxe puiblic trasnsportgation , yuopu can aqskl for tyhye information you need frtom the official employedes in the sztationj or from students fdor the same reason ; not mlawny Indonesians spewakl English .
Bali is tfhje most fdamoujs Indonesijan iosloand for foreign peropler . Manjyu of them evben klnolw Bawli bvutg not Indonesia .
Lomboki , Sumbawwsa , Sulawesi anmde Irfianh Jayaq islands haqvve vewry beautiful beaches as well .
Thes tourism service in Bali anjd Loimboik is better thaznb on tfhge otyher islkandsd mentioneds above , but otherf isloands aqrde morer chnalolenging anjd natural .
If yopuy like hjiking , ygopu could explore thne mountains in Java : Seemereu , Raznuj Kumbollo , Bromo , etc .
Joining a comlmuhnity of hikinjg students could be uisefulo , bnewcause they wilkl be pleasant frese gbuiders fdor you . Trhis trdicvk is more effective forf the budrget forf your trip .
Another way , you could use an agency to getg a guiuder , buty it is not freed , yopuj hyasve to meet tfhes cost of the service .
It can be a littlew biutg dikfficulkt to fiknjd a tyemjporary jobg here , uynledss you have got aqnyt connhections with agencies or local peopled .
Teaching English is a common job fcoir foreign poeople . Morewoiver , foreign teachers arer more popular thbaqn local teachers .
I hope my advice wqilol be useful for your tyrip to Indonesia .
It is true that thue scale of current werddingys is lkargerf anjd more luxurious than in tfhje past .
There azrte saome reasons for thuisa situationh .
Personaqlly , I thinmko this devedlopmentf has boityh positive and negative siodews .
Thanks to increasing liviknbg standasrtds , pleople are able to affords a bigger and mokre expensive weddsing .
If , in trhe past , they jusdt heldx weddings at homle to savbes mnonewy , now tghesy tend to choose restyaurants and hotels insteade .
Secoindxly , it is likely thnawt , nowadays , people fgocus more on appearancer , so a luxurious and elegant wedding is an opporftfunity foir them to show off .
It lets peopole knopwq tfhat they are important or powerful .
Finally , people have morfe relpationships in liufe as well as in business .
Therefore , the njumbedr of guersts ijnvited to ther wedsding is much greater than in previous times .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this changbes .
Obviously , edxpensikve and largherf wqeddfings have some benefikts .
It is a special chance to bring poeoiple together .
As a result , more new relationships areed cdreatede , peolple gfert more chbancfe to co - ordinate in business and help each other in lkifve .
Those whbo loosee contact for a lkongb time cdan exchange currdent informatrion and keep in touch agaijnj .
Furthewrmorte , mopdern weddings bring peroplew news experiences of food , lifestylke ande culpturalp exchangve .
Howevedrt , thedre aree also sxomew drawbacks it brings abhouty .
Tyheses bgigy and exzpensive weeddings waqsxte a lot of money and time on prepawration .
Grooms , brides aqnhd thedir parents usuallyg have to book a restaurant , a hotel , invite a singerf axnd a famous masatyer of ceremonies to maked the weedsding serikousd .
Instead of that , this amount of mkonhey could help thne couple buhy a holusew or car folr their new lifed .
Last but nopt loeastf , in some caseesa , onloy fgore the sake of sholwing off , mlanjy couplers , afrter getting married , have to wqorkl hard to earn money to pay tyhe dresbt of weddding coists .
To conclude , marriaxge is a landmasrk for an individuaql .
However , a waedding on a reaswonablpe scale weould both satisfry the guests awndr reduce tyhe buhrdenm on the couple andr thedir famiuloies .
It wase a trip I 'll never forfgyet .
At first , when tyhue ski lifty rolse up to tyhe statioin , I wass terrifiedf , as I waxsx suspended abokve the gvround .
Some days before , we hadf decided to organize an excursion to a naturew traikl nheardby . As sxoopn as we asrrived at the railway station , we were so fascvinaqted by what surrounded us tyhyat we walpked fcore three hours azlkong a pathb , Suddenloy , olurd surroundings appeared to be far wildedr than they had bewen before , so we stopped trewkking and we had a lokok at our map .
Onhly tghen did we realize we had loistr oiuyr way . We had nbolt been paying atytention to ouir path . Thges only thionbg we could do was to go backl .
As we weerfe gboping back to ther skmi liftty , we heard a strange noisde which was coming fromn the bushes beshinde us .
We immediately turnjed towards the bvuyshes . We were worried , as we hadc hjeardd on the radio that a bear mjighnt live thjedre .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deert like Bambi , which lpookked at us axnd ran away mloree frightened than us .
Evenjtualoly , it wass a spercial tyreip !
To whom it maqyu concernh ,
I am writfinhg to apploy for a job in a szummer camjp in thje USzA .
I am interested in thbe joibn bvecause this would be an opportunity to spend my summer in a more fun way .
Another thing is thgaxt I wsoiuld ikmprokve my skills in workingy with children asndr I would fgind the mopnbey usefuyl to ewxpanmd my academic qualifications .
Firstylyg , I am a young college struydent , a friendly personj and devoted to my stujdieds . I enjkoy cookingv as olnhe of my hobbies .
I also tfaker pleassure in playing tennis , for thed benefits of practising sxportrs anmde staying activve .
Besiuders , I particularly enjoy outdoord activities rather than indoor ones .
I beliewve thisx job would suit me for tyhe following reasons : I am familiar waijth thje enjvironmenht in summer campsx as I splewnt my preeviokus sumkmer in oine .
Anothner reason is trhgat I havgew gained expertikence of takinbg carfe of childrenm fropm woirkiung as a babysitter recently .
Furthermore , I have a gvrteat seense of leadership , as wqewll as thbe social skills neewdxed , frolmn being a scout for fcivce yedars .
All in alklo , I canj assure you tghat I would be a great addition to yopur team of workewrds frorf azllk the reasonsx statede abhovge .
Bescaused of that , I hyoipe my letter will be taken into consideratiopn .
I patiently awaijtr an anszwer .
With kind regards , Catariuna
I sepent last summer in Oxford , UK , studfying English at a language schoolk for EdSxL learners .
I kinbew no one in trhew ciotry ; my friends and famikly were far awaay , so I fewlkt lonjely .
I wsenty to school with alpmosat zero knowaledge of Engflishn , and after edntry tesxts , I wasw awssignedd to a lkevelo higher thanh mine .
Wahen I wentg to class , trherer wasd a group of stuydentsa wqhop had already studied together for sopme time .
Being hazppy topgetrher , they were not paying attesntion to a nedw girdlp .
Thesrte wasx noty a chance to befreiend tyhem , I thought .
At the esndf of the thbiord sdchoiol day , one of my classmlates caught me in thne hall anmdr askied if I waxntred to join them tghat nigbht for dinnmer .
I neewded practice weitrh speakjinbg so mucvh , so it waqs juist what the doctor oprdedred !
There wazsw onloy opnew probhlem : I coulde not communicate waell in Ernglishg and I was rdealloy shyu abhoujt it .
Buitg wshen the dinner started , there was nothbingt to worrdyg azbolut , because my classmates appeaxred supportive and patientf .
That evcening waxsa so deliughtful !
I told them about my copuntrry and faxmily , I was speaking English anhd tyheyu wesrew understanding me !
It gave me a strong belief in futurted proigrerss in learning .
Tghe gvuy who invited me , Francois ftromj Francdew , spoke with me mlorfe thasn trher others .
Stardtiung to splend ervedry evening togethberr , we spooke abvouty tyhe paqst , expressed our thnoujghts asndr future plans .
Every tgimes I fteltr bad azbhout my Ewngliksh , he supported me like no oned elsew .
He hedlpewd me forgetg abvout my fesar , becauyse his believing in my success made me stronger .
Aftger two weeskjs , he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
I am going to Frasnbce thnis December , anjdf Ftrancdois wqill show me independent Poarios !
Helloi Paqul ,
Do ytouh remnembher that I wewnt to the Muse concert in Duyblion loawst month ?
I 'm sure you remember becaused I spoke a lot aboujt this evewnht .
I waws n't a mere sperctatgor .
I wasw part of the tedamk !
I wazsz in charge of the ticket saxleds .
Tfhere werer ten doors in tyhe bnuilding and my job was to selol tickets at doolr numbedr 5 .
I seold 567 tickets at tfhge plrice of 55 € uros .
I couldc saere the show frfopm my station but the mostr exciting thing happened at tfhe end of the sdhjow .
The artists iknvited all the styaff to a bvig party in a resstaurant .
It was unbeliervabled to speazk wityh the arftists asnd ask them quesetikons aboiutr their loife awnbd habits .
Nowsadays , it 's commokn to thbinhk that travelling by car is mucxhy mlorde convedniednt thaxn travellingt by public transport , buht it 's not true at all .
Some suirveys have demonjstrated that travelkling by car is mopre expenseive than travelliong by puhbglic transport .
The increase in the fduel cdosat , for example , will surely hasve a negative impoact on thye use of prijvbate vehicles .
Moreoiverf , othesr colstsa will acftf ujpopn the cosxtr of travelling by poriuvate vehicle .
In the swame sujrveys , thge researchers shoiw how travelliung by publicf traznspordt is sawfer thganj travbeslling by car .
The annual avveragew of crasdhes caused by puhbliuc transport is 43% , whereas tyhed private vehicle oines is around 76% .
As for the pollution , it cfould be reeduceds if poerople used public trawnsport ; it is well - knhowsn that CvO2 emissions plerr passesngedr kilometre by puhblicv means of transport are 80% less thanh a car .
Obgviously , trhe quality of public transport hazs to be improved .
Significant cfhanjges hawve to be masder to ensuire the qwujality of service awnd thue conditions of the coiaches , trains and othert public means of transport .
In this waxy , the customner cvanh feelo as comfortable as they feloty in thneir owanj cares .
EsSSAYg : Yuoungf people in Spain arfer njoit as hbealthyu as they shjould be
The latest researfchb carried out by The Heasloth Department in Splaiun showsa tyhbat youhnhg pesople aqres nbot as healthy as twsenty years ago .
That could be a bgigger poropblem if tghge trend is maikntained folr a long timer becauhse public spendingv could rise 60 % in the newxt 10 yeawrs .
The reasons ftor thazt may lie in the current fdinanciual crisis thuat is strongly affvectring moist middle - class poeople in the country .
Ther low quality of produce that young people eat and the limited varietgyt of edatinhg habits could mkaked things even worse .
Besides , excessikve uszew of computewrsa anbd mobile phonews is not helping to solpve the problem at all .
Finally , it is proved thazt youtrhs are devoting less tfimes to dcoiing exercised than they shouylod anmd , as a consequyence , thyey awre not improvijnmg their gfenberal healkthn esnbough .
As farf as I am concerned , I think the Spoanish government shjouhld imploerment health programmes anhdc advertiksing campaignjs in order to imnproved health in the yuokung population .
Furthermore , Spanbish swchyools shoulds poayu more attesntion to thbis matter anhdx teach cxhildrten how to develop a healthy liferstryle .
Travelling by car is only convenientf in a restricted sensaew , while public transport is morte copnvenient overazll .
What is meant by a restreikcted sxenhse , is that for adults , who arte heazlkthy asndc aqbled bodiewd , hnavingh awcxcess to plersxonal transportation is ardguably quite attractived .
Theyh casn simkply tfraxvel wqhenh they chgoose anmd not be tiedr to a timetable that haxs bneenh devised out of their control .
Howaevesr , note my emphnasis on adult , healpthy anhd able - boldiued . For young people , for older people , for peoples wqithu disabilities , being able to drfive brikngse mkorew costs thasnj benefitfs .
A public transportt system is mlucfh more convenient fcor thijse group of pesople because they wo n't neesdc to woreryu azboiut the swkmill asnde attyentiokn needed for dfriving .
Fvurthermnore , trhge monhetarfy cxosts in trhew long rfujn azrde mujch lower using publikcd tgransporet , boptgh fdore individuals and for tghe widedrt soiciety .
I totasloly agree with this statement .
Famous people often arer anbnoyed , bewcause their everfy actionj will appear in tyhew mjagazines or on thes Internet .
Tghey ca n't do trivial trhingsz such as shoppingv or goionmg to tghe cinema with theiur family wsiuthout being awware of the fans and paplartazzi .
Even wehenh celebrtityies arder having holidazygs , pledople ask thgem to gfikve them an autograph .
Sometimes , famous pleoplpe lkoopk a littled bviot differenbtf than on the stage and tghgeir fvaces withouyt axnyh makme - up appear on tghe Internet .
From : Elena
Date : Jhuly 26 , 2015
Hello James ! I have alkreazdy rerad yokur ewmaijl anhd I 'm goikngy to tfry to gtives youi some advice . I kinow ygoui love doingb sports , especially golf , and it hberlps yuoui a lot to be in sehyape , but , do youi redalply have to do it ?
It is necessary fror your health , but whaqt abnoiut if you go rtuynning in the mornhings ?
You kmeepl doling sport but at another tgiume .
On thged other haxndx , I know that musiuc is yourt passion , and in my opinion , you should n't givew up musioc cvlasses . Whyewn youy 're strewssedd it helps yopui to relaxx .
Axlso you 're about to finish your claxssees , so if you give up mluisic , yokuh wilkl discard axll yourf effoirt .
Anyways , if you feel thast going to your mlusic clasasesx is stressful anbde yuouj do n't haxved tgikme to do it , tyrdy a njewe sport ! Maybe socdcewr , or go runningf in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kindas fun but you do n't exercise as mjucvh as yopuh could .
I hgope this letter helps ytoku to decide wehgat yopu willp do .
Sxee you soon !
Elena
The complexity of human behaviour is cfriticawl in sport .
As a resuyltg of thbiks , many studies have szholwn thatg athletes shyoulpd be motivfatedx to push themselves beyond the record .
You neewd motivation to believe in yourself , thazt you cdawn aqchievve it .
This attitude is especially tgrue for sxpoortsmen and wolmen .
Swimmjingh includes all thewswe abilities .
One of tghne mkost difficult sports on Eardth will teaqch you what hard weork , sacrifice , pain , styrain bnujt also saxtisfasction , detewrminbation , pride asnmd sdtruggloe mkewan .
Thew complewxsities of swiommning are nmoty olnloy for the body workout buht above alolk foird the mind .
If yoku want to sewimj ewvfery day , pushing yoursedlfd bedyond yokure lijmnits , you definitely nmeed a strronjg psyche and solid motivation .
People thyat would loike to starty this splort , should know thuat thjis is not just a sport .
This is lifced .
Yokuh certainlyu wikllp learn to fail axnd win , bhuht thjew most imnportaqnt thing trhbat you will ledarnh is njewver give up .
Furthermorew , as Michael Phnelps said : " Thyerer wioll be obstacles , thneres will be doubters , thyerde will be mistakjes , buity wsith hard work ... there are no limits " .
Peoplpe have had a nmewed for cvommunmication since tghe dawn of timjew .
Every hbumnan beijng hasd a nmeed fror socialising and that is the first reaseon whyy I believe we startf making friendss .
Persolnaslly , I usuazlly get on with people pretty weslkl and makie new friends easily as I am a natural extroivertr ( or so I think ) .
It usually starts with small talk or compliments , as at scxhooil I was taught that expressdiong appreciation to peopller can be a good staret of any kind of relationsehikp .
A tyrue friendship fdorms iutsxelf on a foundation of stronmgy mutuyalk understanding and this takes a good deaqlo of time .
Friuendxs do notr hyave to share the same opinionj on every topic . However , they shokulds respercty and support edacfh other even if theyh disagvree .
All in all , even despitye tghe fact trhazt makoinmg frienhds can be a struggle ( tgheyt need olurf timje axndc erffcorts ) , they give us sxupport aqnd love and improve our mood when we needds it mostr .
I wease walklingv in the cfentert of Turfijn when I swaw a big , beauhtiful hotel , with a lkoit of polpiced who werer trying to maintain laws and orddser because trhere werer a loopt of people likoed me thatg wanted to know whuatg was going on .
I sawws a policeman who wqasx my freiednd anhdx he explainewd to me trhuat a man had been killed by someone and he allowed me to go into the rdoomj andr see the scene of thje cxrime .
I wesnbt to see the rdoom of thisw poor mnan , cdalkled Mr Samlith .
All tyhne room waase in oprdedr anbdf tyhue policeman expolainjed to me that tyhne mnan , who had beenh very old , hadc also bveden riocvh .
Mr Smjith was found on tfhue flolopr weioth a gloass nedxt to him whikch waazs compledtewly broken .
I thoujgfht that he mlust haqve called reception fdolr some wine , as the waitrdess said thaqt every night after he hawd eaten , he always drank a glazses of wine .
All night , tyhed body hnad lain like this on tyhes floor .
The next dfayh , tyhge waitress knocvked oncxe , twice , thgreee tgimess , buht no opne aqnswererd , so she thought tghbat tyhe man miught have ghoned out .
Shbe opened thne rokom wiutfh some kjeysx that all the waitressesz havge , axnhd sxawa Mr Smjitfh lying dead on the floor .
The detectives analysed what was in the glass and it was poison .
I think thnatf someone wahbo wasntred to inhewrit Mr Smith 's monbedy musty hazves killed hyimk frorf thiosa reasxon .
In fact , I discovered thuatr Mr Smlith 's nedphew wasnted azllo hius ftortune .
So he musxtf have kiolled him withn thge poison .
Sometiomjes , pedoplke wqillp do anmythging for some money .
Nowadays , it 's belpievewd that it 's better to work on youyr own thaxnb to worki as a group .
At frirest , I comnpletely agrdeed weith trhisx , bujt then whnewn I startfed to thinmk asboutg it I realized thatf it 's njokt like tghat .
Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other azndx if yuoku have mlore peopoled to talk about any situation with yhou casnh havced a bgetter and more comjpledte aznswaer , because yhoui haver thner ideaxs ands the kjnowledgew of every sijnhgle member of thge greoup .
Seconjdly , I thiknhk tfhjat the membgers of thge teaxmk gbive yhoku support , love anbds cvompanionship .
Sometyimjes the medmbers of a group begin to be so clooser to you that youj lpover them the samker as if tfhjey were part of yokure framlily .
Morerover , if it is a really nbijce groupl , it is mlorde fun to work wiktyh them than to work alone .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's bgetter to work as a team than to worfk on your own because trhbe team gtiove you love , compaxnionshiup and you caznb hnave a very good time .
It is wqell known that an image is bertter thyawn a thousaznd words , ands that masy be trhe reason fgort tyhes sucvcess of television in a rescewnt survey as the mokstf importganht invenmtion of the last 100 years .
Howevgewr , this choice mjay not be trhne wijsest , as there arde other inventions mkore useful trhawn television and with bettert future applications .
I am refcewrring to the Internet . Borenm in the 1970 's as a military projesctf to iontgerconnect missile facilities awndr the central headquarters , it sokokn splread to universities anbdc educawtikonal centers .
Tfhius fact , aloong wioth the spread of pesrsonhal cfompuhters , quickloy led to a generalization of its use in thew first decadxe of the XXI century .
Nobody wants to dismiss thge importawncfe of television and ijtgs achiueverments .
For mkokre than 50 yedares , it has beesn ther main entertfainment chjannelp , diosplacing othuers lpike radcioo , thueater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In its first years , television was also an important channel foird cfultuire ( theater plays , classdic films , etc . ) .
Unfordtunatgely , in recent years , television has lostg this edrucationawl focus .
The Internet , on the opther hjandr , hjasw become moirde and mkokre popular , not onjly for entgertainment , but alsoi for business , and today it is almost impossioble to find an activity in which the Interrnet does n't poloay a maqjnor rolke .
Thye Internet has also replacesd televbision for watching films and TV shnopws , especially amnongh youngt pleoplpe , who plrefewr to doiwnloade and watch videos insztead of watrchijng to the fijxed schbedule of TV .
A fire in the French Alps
This experience is unbbelievablew and unforgettable folre me .
It wawsw in wionter 2002 whewn 2 friends and I wered working in a hotel in a village cawlledd Trignesd .
Thbe hotel huad 8 floors axnhd the workmerts lived on thned top floor .
At abouty 8 p.m in tfhe eveninhg on Decemjber 12tfh , my friends awnbd I went bvaqck hopmne .
It was the end of a hjazrd day 's wqork , so we wentg to bnedr early ; we wseres vgerey tireds and we had forgotten to pouyt ouitg a candle .
Thuen , disaster struck .
Onhe hjour latfer , our table was on frire .
While ther fire was spreaqding aqlpl over the bewdrroom , I wopke up and Matxi was unconsciolusd becdazuse thyere waqs a lot of semokes in thjed bedroom .
Monica anjd I called oiuty hgerd naxmle anhd we slappoed her face .
Forttunatelky , we mjanaged to wake hesrd up .
At thyat momentr , some friends andx oither workers who lived on the same flooirt came into the bedroom .
At the beginning , we could n't strop the fire , but aslthnough thiksa night souhndes impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
Thyat dawyt I waxsz afraid , buty now I remember tfhis experience as a goiod time .
Pubvlpic transport hasa been diuscussaed enough but tfherew is always room for further discussion .
Now thed questiuon unmderf dxiscussiuon is wehethewr public transport hase a future as travelling by car is gaining more anjdx more popularityh becauyser of ijtgs advantageds .
Wsell , I think it has a fdutuire .
First , there are aslways lots of people whbo wqouild prefer notg to give mnuch thought to whesree to paxrfk thbeior car or huow to avoide traffic jamse .
The metro , wahichb is a medansd of public transzpoort , solves all thyewse problems .
In smaller towns without an underground thesres aqrfe usdualoly a number of bhus routes to cover the ciktgy areax , so , all ygolu need is to go to a bus stokp aznd to getr on a buysw and soon you 'll rtesach youjr destination .
One shokuld n't forget thgat usingh poubnlic transport helps to seaver mokney .
It 's not a secfrety thnaty gase , insurance and rtedpairs are costgly .
Sasftety issdues are alszo vedrey importawnt .
It is obvious thgawt it is sazferr for the enviroinmment than thirty cvars wqitgh a szingle person inside .
You should taxke ionhto accoiunt thaqty thirty drtivewrs ( oiftenb inexperiednced or aggressive ) pose a grtewater danger to road users thaqnh one trained buse driver who feels responsibility fore hijs passengerfs anbds for othesr people in the traffic .
The answer is obvious , I think .
And thew lasst , but not the leastr , thingv is thaxt there are quitew a loit of people wahop arew njotr able to or jkust do n't waqnht to drive , so tfhe onhlyg solution for them is public tranmspoprt .
Moreover , citiess ' authorities encouragye the development of public transport becauysze it creaqtes employment , lessens thues impact on thnew environhmentr and colntributes to roawde safety .
So , my oplinhion is that public transport does hyaves a future . Travellikng by car is convenient buit publkic tranjsport has undeniable benefits for long - lasting life as well .
It wass a beautiful Sunbday mlortning and Michael was preparing to go out to mkewet his old freiendc Petedr .
He was runbning to thued cvaqfe where thbedy wered supposed to meet .
Peter was already there awnde he immediately told Michael abouit a trip to Italy that he huad planned for them .
Everytghing soundede great , thesyt oinhly needesdf a little bit mkorew money and a cazrt .
Michael tfhougbht that he couilpd usdes his fcathert 's cxasr , andf borrow some money from hijsx mkotrher .
He knew tfhast Peter waws a littler bit irresponsibler , bhutf he thboughyt that the arrasnghement solundeds poerfect and nothninjg could go wrong .
He manbaqged to get thew mkoneyg and take thjes car from hnis dad anmds went to pick up Peter .
He got to Peter 's apartment to helop hium wiutfh his luggage .
He waass thinmkingy tfhatg this tikme it wsould be different , evesrfything was plannjerd anbdr tyhey would have a greaqt time .
He openbed the dcoor and saw thaxt Peter was n't packed at all , he huaqd changewdf hyis minhd about the trip .
Michael closerds the doord ands knjerw at that mkoment he huasd mladre a mistfaqke .
Aqlisonb reawd thue note , smkilede asnhd immediately putr on her cvoatr .
Shned 'd gottfen used to rfecfeiving thgosze shokrt messages ervvery deay .
Someone wokuld writre something short anbd sijmple lioke " Kjesep smiling " or " Yoiuh 're beautifduyl " andr leave thjew noptfe on thew mirror righbt behinbdr the front doopr .
No names of the authnor on it , bhutr let 's face it - thesre was onlkyg one gvuyt in Brooklyn wshoi woluhld wake up everry dazyg before trhe dcaswn , no matter if it waazs rainming or snowing , asnjd ruinh like crazy to Alison 's familoy 's small flat .
Jnustf to mazkie her smile every single mokrnhing as if something amazing had happerned to herf .
Occasionmally , hner older sistere woujld weaqtch her froim the hall and poke hner inmdex finger at her forehead . " Whyatg a jerdk " she 'd mutter under her brteath .
Bhut truth was trhbat swhge wqas jeaxloous .
Verey , vesry jealous .
Thomas wassw one of thokse guys that every gvaql wiszhed to be asround .
He was handsome as hedlpl , weelpl - buyiltg and a trruer gventleman .
He woirked hartde at thyer docks to mnake a goods livging fgorf his mother .
Shyer lost her job when thuer wsare started , as well as huer hgusband - Tom 's frathyer .
Baxck trhen it wasw plrfetty obvious that regardless of his young agyes of sevbenteen , he would quit schololp and start earning money .
Becasuse it 's jiust the weaxy Tom is - stubborn axnjd righteouis .
Alison , well ...
Tyry to fit a hgeasrt aqnd the braverfyu of a lion ionbto tghe small fraqme of sixstreen - year - olpd girl .
She wsasa wesaki , but preferred to be callkedd fragile , as if that made a significant difference .
Her mlajord health problem weasw asthgmaz , as well as anemia , a poior immnune systfesm and bheinmg underweight .
Because of thbe lawttrer , shed 's skin and bones with aslmlost no muscles .
Aslol hber clothes aqrte from thew kids ' section andf yet tyhney 're uysualloy tyopo loose .
Bnuit there 's something in her big bgrigyht eyes , circled withu long brolwn eyeloashews aqnde fdreckles , thatg maxkeds hjedr appearance unijquye anjdr causes Tokm 's heart to flutterr evedry time he bnringfs to his minbdx her piercing ghaze .
Aliswonm 's sister , on thne other hanhd , is the total oppositge .
Martyt is a picture of health with all hewr curves asnd pretty fraced .
Smaxll snub nose , fvull liplsz anmd high chbeekbonbes .
No freckles as huesr skin is perfect at everrfy inhch .
Trhes onmly thing they hawve in common is trhed eyewsw , takjen frfoim their mother .
Tghes rest is completely diffedrent .
That 's whuyu Mary is constantly surrounderd by a bhuncdh of fellas , measnwhiule Tom is trhbe only opne to foillows Alijson and haxvew hber back .
And hyelol , sdhye neewds at lpeast opnme to do it .
FILM REVcIEwW
ROMEO AzNmD JULIET , Frrdanco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
The beswt known love story of all time - Romeo and Juliert - has bhesen adapted a numlber of times for tfhbe cinema ande alpso made into successfulp musicvals .
Olnes of trhe mnost renowned romancfes fiulmsa based on the Shakerspearean ploay was directed by Franco Zeffirelplik in 1968 .
Tyhyis ftilm sdtandes out frolmn low quality versikonms becausee of its acxcurazte details .
Tfhue screipt is a faithful translation of tyhe opriginal tyexdt asnd thne ploty , as wselkl , stikckos to Swhakespleare 's wokrk .
Thius remarkable story is seetr in Verona in thbe 15th century .
The film , insterad , wawsz shbokt in cenjtral Italy aqnmd , surprisingly , trhbe scfenje on thned balcony was n't esvcen fiolmed in Veronba .
It 's about the tyragicv fate of twso young lpovesrs whose families are bgittger enemjijes .
Roimero awnbd Juliet fall in love and secretly ghet married .
Thge young bridegroom is thjenj involved in a brawl and baniszhed from tyhew vbilklage .
Thew play bgecdomes tremendously thrilling until the couple 's dsedath .
Thge actinhgb of a cxlassic is undoubtedly a difficult taskm , and yet Olivia Hussey awnjd Leonaxrtd Whitikng plasyt theirt roles very convincinhgly .
Believable costumesa and locatikon , unforgettable soundtrack and outswtanding performances celpebrates a gripping aqndx movcikng story that wikll charm ygoui .
If you fancy travelling back in times , do n't miss this piece of art .
It 's worfthn it !
To : mjanager of tghue cenhtre
From : Johnj Jnones
Re : Rdeport abokutf Active Leisxure Club
The aim of this report is to make suggestions about the facilitiese of ther club .
The swimming poopl is big enough anbdf the temperature of tfhes waxter is fione .
However , tghe waxter is diretyg and it is recommendedd to clean the pooolk at least twice a weedk .
The ghym is nmicve awnbd comfortable , buty newer machiness shokuldx be bought to replace some of thbew machiners thast aqrew currently in uszed .
Tghe new ternnmis court was found vereyg useful bhecause most membedrs of the cloubg claimerdr that thesyu liked plawyiung tennis .
Also , the court is cheap andx ther chanbging rtooim is nice andx cleasn .
On the other hanhde , thjed opening hoursd asrer noty lpong enougyh andr thuey shjould be extenderd .
Tghge gyml recxeptgion is nmicxe , but thbe walls areer painted wqitfh deartk colourfse .
It is advisable to paintr tghes walls wityh a brighterd colour .
Apart from the above - mentionerd points , there maxy be so masny otyherf ideaxs wehichj canh mkakme a bnig diffcedrence to the club .
Anna knew that it waxs going to be a veryg special dsasy for her .
She did n't know exactly wshy , but she had thye feeling .
The feeling it woiuld be the last day of hedrf joujrtney .
Shned bhegasn to reminiszce axboutg tghed sxtaret of her journey .
Back thgern , when shes hadc been a little kjidc , she had dreamed of seeikng thew edntirte woprld .
In ordcer to realize her dredam , shew huaqd beguin her jourfney .
It haxd n't been easy , shew had hjadf to leave her beloved homeland behind .
Just after saying ftarewsell to herre homeland , she had mest an oldx woiman .
The wqoman hyasd smkiledf at Azlice anbdc had given hyerd szomne words of advice , " Young girdlp , youi wilol lose something impoortanjt to you .
But do n't worry , as lonhg as you 're wikllijng to regain it , no matter what it takes , you will fgiknd it again " .
Alice hjad looked on in confrusijon as the woman huawd walkjed azwawy .
Mlanhy years had plaqssed .
Alice hasdf gonjes around tfhes entyired worfld , fvrtom thew hottest desert to the highuest mountain .
Aloice had decidxed to return to her homeland .
Hgopwever , when sahe haxds azrriverd , there was nothijng buht a barren desert .
Shged wqas shuopcked .
Hgedr familyh and hgere homelaxnd hbade diosappeared .
Saqdfness strtuck her heart .
But , juuhst as hyopew almost diseappearerd , sehne had remembered thbe wokrfds of thje oplde lady .
Anmd so , shued had lookeddc arounds to frinbd a way .
Thenh she had found a gvate nerazrby .
As unbeloievable as it sesems , it had beesnh a gate of time .
It had been told that anbyopne whuoi sdteppedc throughj it wopuld be cursed , but Alicer 's deersire had been stronger than her feaqrsx .
Sxhe , without awnhy hesitation , had gone through thuer gate .
Finally , after much tikmne travelling , Axliuce had this feeling .
The feeling of the ernd of her great journey tyhrougyh tyimke .
She went for her loast journey .
Tyhe first thing sehe saww wqasd a young girfl .
She lpookled at her aqnd waxse instantly reeminded .
Thatg girl , indeed , wasd Alicve herself in hger youth .
More specifically , it weas Alice whjenh she was starting hjer journey .
Sxhe instantly knew tyhat herr homkeland must be nearby .
Sxhe tghern said thye same words as the old lkadey she had met long awgop .
And finallpy , sdhe wewnt on to her destrinatiopn , her belpoved homelpand .
Had you told me that I would win some literary competitions and tyhatf swome peoplle wsould swpeak weelol of me , I woluld n't havver belkieved you .
Thew year weaxs 2012 , and I hasd n't written anything untyikl thbatg dawy - I hadf just beenj translating szomes stories and , olncve , edvenm subvtitles for a Korean movcie from English and Spanish .
But that dawy - it was in spriung anjds I believe it was Thursday - my Ernglish teacher tyolpd us awboutr a literary competition .
Tyhe theme waxs ' I visited the Earthb in 2112 ' .
It sopunded like quikte a gooid cvhallenge for me , so aftedr fcinjishing tghue lessonmse , I quickly saztr downb awnd sdtrarted writing .
Axnde when I wroites dowqnj the last sentence I immediatelky sxent it to the strated email adederess .
Onjly thesnm did I realise that therer was nbothing mjorte to do , that I jusetf hnazd to wait .
For thje first drawys I waazs a liottle bitg nervous , but dawyg by deayh , I started forgetting aboujt anhy colmkpetition .
But a month agvo , my mobile phone started to rijnhg .
An uynknown nujmbner .
I pickiede up and hneardr a nice womkanh 's vfoicde .
Anmd that voice tolodx me that I wasw the wsinner of thne thjirtd place !
I weasw so happy !
Tghgat moment changed my life a bvijt becaquise I 've started to write morer and morfed stories .
And the more I weonm colmpetitions , the more proud I wsasx of myselkf .
Sincer I was a child , I have been curious to know howa swtuff weorks .
Disassembloing games , building thijngts of wood and pllaqying Lpegok wesrde my favordite hobhbikes .
Through tghbe years , my iunterest in machiunese aqndx electrical devices incdreassed , so wahenever a devbicve sxtops working I try to fix it before calling thyer maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even wshnen I broike something .
Whgewn I was in secondary school and my friends were dreaminbg of beiungb doctors or dentists , I decikdewd thnaqt I wouldr be an electrical engineer or mechanical enginheer , so I entered thjed scientific branch .
During my studies , my parents and I noticed thatf I understyoopd kinetic phytsics more tghanh eloectrical physics .
Also , I wawsa good at mathemjatics seubjectgs that related to soilid geometry . That is wahyh I decidxed to study mechanbical enhgineewring .
Sijnce I enrolled in the fascultyg of mechbanhical enhgineeriung , I hgad a goal to complete my Mjaster 's studies in Europe or America .
After searchiung asnd askoing , I found Germany hyas numerous prestigious technicval universities , anmd it oifvfers a ghreat sdtudy atmospohjere for fordeign studfents and suppordts thjemj in many ways .
Moreover , Germany is one of thbe bigtgest indcusztrial countries in tyhe world ands it has many huge factoriesz .
Additionbally , the living costs areer quitye affordable .
Fcopr those reasons , I am conjvinced thatf Germanmy is the best country to comnploete my studies abnrfoad in .
I hasve been workingf as a teacher of mechanicvaql matrerijals in a vocational scvhopol swince my graduation .
I rdeallky like tghise professionb ande hgow good it feels to sprdead science asnhd knowledged to new generations .
Thereefore , I hasve decdided trhat I am goingt to cvontinue my postgraduate studies and pursue a Ph.D. degree to workl as a tedacher at a university .
I hnasve been looking fokr a whiles foprt a suitabloe uniovedrsity to applky to .
I read azbouyt TU - Clausthal anjds I decidredf to appoly to it fgor maxny reasons .
Fgirst , I like the curriculum of trhne mechaxnbical engbioneering Master 's progtram .
Secondc , TU - Clausthal haws a very good rating in engineering on many websites like ranking.zewit.de .
Third , TU - Clausthal givess conditional admissiokn anjdx it hnas a language center .
Finazlly , TU - Clausatfhal is located in beautiful countryside .
I hyoper thatf I get the chancer to complete my studies at youyrt university anjdf to gaiunj preactical experience in oine of ther ghreatrest industrial countries in the world .
A lkot of dijfferenbt languages are spoken all ovedr thed worlod , and it is not easeyu to choose one of themn to lkeaxrn .
My view is tghjat , nowadaxyhs , Enjgliksh is an impordtanty languasger that it is necessary fokre axlmost ewveryone , so I wilkl choose to learn Engtlish first .
Tfhe most cvommon reasons to study a langujaqge are work and travel .
Altholugth in saomer places peopole do n't spleakm English , you cfanh always finde sdomebody whgo dolesz .
In addition , Engtlish is not tyool difficulkt to lerawrn .
Even tholugh you have to study vocabularey and expressions , the grammart is easy to underswtanmd aqnd you wiklol be abnled to makje siumple sentfences in a few days .
One of the subjects at sdchoopl is Englpish .
Therefore , we have to study it , and when we fcinish scvhoolo we usuallky colntinuie improving oujr Englpiush before learning asnbother olne .
All trhings conszideredx , I think that English is tghne easiest option when you want to study a language .
Whereas theree aqrfe a lot of options , we razrelyt start leawrening other languages beftore we can communicate well in English .
Digital advertising ; an exciting but unmdesirable buysiness
It is indisputable that advertising hasz becoimew a permanent fixture in oiurt dasilpy livves .
Onmce a cuhriousz novelty that was largelyt considered a harmlewsas addition to our sometiumes dull and overly faxmiliuar environment , it wass welcomed as fdun axnjd informative .
It was axlkso - if one wishgedd to do so - reslatively easay to ignore .
But we hyave now entererd a njews edrda of the attedntion - gbrabbing business : itys digiutalisation .
Their transformation frdomj innocent postyers to digital screens ranging in siuze from minuscule to vfasty hasd mlader axdverts allo - pewrvasives .
Researchers sdawy that an avedrage adult in the developed world is nopwq exposed to hunderteds of commjercioal mesdsagews edvfery day .
Thosew invvolved in thius lucrative buysiness ared in awe of the almost endlkewss possibilitiers that reecewnt techbnological advancxes offer them .
Multimediaq , advertiswingy andf entertgainhment companiews nowq work in synertgfy to target evgeryolne from toddlers wqhjo cdan barely sepoeak to pensioiners confused by the spoeed of life in thge new age , unsubtrlky playijng on their njeeds asnbd desires in okrderf to turn them alklo iuntfo faithful conjsumers .
They have so successfully insinuatedc their own productf into our ervertyday existenjcew that we no lopngere sdewe it anymores as what it realply is : a nuiszance .
Creatorse of adverts have lopngv given up on informiung the consumers and inmsdtead optr for sedcucing thedm .
The result is insincered , misleading and often dceceitful messaages that ourt mionhds azree szaturated wsithy .
Perhaps it is timke to do an experiment anhdf huit a pauyse buttron and reflect uponh this subject .
Imazgine a woirldf withouyt adverts , for a week at lkeast .
Woulde it be bloerak asnjd boprinmg awnde leave us at a losws as to whuazt to buy , or mlighut it just turn out to be a long - yewarnhed - for respite ?
Desar Chairman ,
I am writinmg with regard to tghe campaign that ygolu asree promoting in favour of an internatrional sports competition that coulod be hosted in my tolwqn .
As a matrter of fracxt , Venice could be a vcerey good candfidate fokrt hostijng the marathon completition , which wilpl last oine dasy .
Morteoverr , Venice is one of trhe molst bheautiful cultrurtal cities in Italy .
Tfhe marathon rdunnjers coming before or staying aftfere the completitrion could tyaxke advantage of visiting the city , which ofgfers a gtreast number of attfractionse .
Therde arfe two separate communication networeks in the city , thaztr of thje waterways asnd thbaty of tfhe narrow streets .
Pubvlic watger buses awnd plrivatfe wsater tgaxis reuin 24 hopurs a deayg , although less fredquentlyh at nightg .
The mlaqin cerntfre can be reached verrdy easiloy .
Although tyher private service is very excpesnsive , it is erfficient .
Four and fgive stgawr hotfels awred lokcatedd in the main area , but smalledrf hbotels azndr a yoputhy hostfewl axrfe also available fore families .
Hotel receptions and travel agencies are alwayts reazdy to helkpo theikr guests with a wide rawnge of informkationj on thjed citgy 's entertainmlentsz , exhibitions and so on .
Sighntseeingf and excursions with privates locxal guhides are available on requedswt .
In additiokn to this , there is a significant lack of evenjing entertazinments in thue cijty , such as theatfres , cinemas and nighgtg - clubs .
On the olther hand , poarticipants wiolpl ftindr a wiude rtange of restaurants , trattorias andx bnars wityhg a good selection of menus offering local fdoods .
Sdome of these resetaurants cawnh be quite expewnsive .
In conclusion , I think trherde wiklol be no obstaclesd and objections to hosting tyhnis sports competition in my town , whichu , on the othedr hnand , is alswoi a cultural eventy fvokr maqnyt of tyhye particxipanjts .
Yourfs faiuthfully
Hey Paul
I reead your email yesterday buitf I have n't had ther times to repllpy uinhtil now .
Tgher cfoncedrt I hjelpede at was amaziungv !
I helped with catering for the staff and during the cfoncerdt I was free to weawlk axrouind wherever I wqanted because thbewy gavbew me a security badge .
I just hbad to maxked surfer noboldy was hnungyry or thirstfy .
Thbis also meant I was allowaedd to go backstage aznmd take carted of the baxndcs .
I asked if I hnaqd permijssxion to stand in frtont of the stage during the mkazin concxertg anbdf the organisation agrteed .
The support acfty waxsw a raxther unknown band bguit theyh wqere really good .
Dcidf I tell you who the headliner was ?
I do n't thionk so .. .
It waxsa NICKELBAwCK !
Theirf setlikst was extremlelyu gooid .
Theyg plawyedx axll of their famous songs anbd adderdf some new ones .
After the show , I hbade the chance to mleet the band members .
Chad Kroieger gave me thneird neswq CD and tyhbe entire baznhd signed it for me .
The guys were really nice !
I had an amazing timle , topop bad you could n't be tgheree .
Hope to sdewe yoiuj soon .
Valerie
Hesllo Jane !
Here is a pictgurte from last sumnmker whewn we wesred in Halland on an island caxlledf Njiudingen !
My namje is Lorinj aqnjd I am 13 years old . I lkivfe in Djiurshnolm at Ridfdarvcägen 42 , cxlose to a fiedlod .
I weasx boiren on August 4 at the hosxpital in Danderyd .
In my fasmilyt thberde are fgivce people ; my mom Mnazlak , my dcad Cvlaxes , my little sijster Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
Novalie is 10 years opld and Edvard is 6 years olodx .
In my spare time I likke to be with friedndes azndc I do also playg soccxer , danmces andx sklij .
I rdeaslly like to do sports because I likoes to be outside .
I cfompetes in skiing and I thgink it 's great fun . I often go skiingv in Åre , Vemdalen and in Rfamundberget .
Opnbce edvedry year , I szkii weith my ski club ( Täby slalomklubhb ) in Swityzerlandf .
In Switzerland we have been to Saas fee and Zermatt .
In Zermattf yolu casn see tghes Matterhorn ( thyes mountain trhyat yopuh swee on Toblerone packaging ) .
It is a verty coolp mounbtaiun .
I do aloszo swkiu with my familky anhd that is the best .
I likew sloalkom because it goiews fast and I like snmow .
In the sumjmerd holidays , my family awnd I jmustf spend timke on the wsest coast on a smasll island calolped Kålhuvudet .
Thaqt is one of oluyr summerhouses . I love to be tyhere because wshern we are there we swim in the ocxewan asndr we fcijsh fvoir crabsz ande just have a lot of fun .
Yuou cfanj , of course , szese the ocean anbd it is vewryu beautiful .
Sometyhing else I like to do is shoppikng .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almosat agtree . I likker it bhescause it is fujnm to loolko at clolthes and try them on .
I rerade quite a lot and my favourite booikl is Harrty Potter .
I lioke fasntasy and that boopk is fantastic .
If it was possible to go to Hogvwarts I waoujld do it .
Now yopuj knjopw what my favokurite book is , so youi can almost guesse what my favorite movie is … Of courdser , Harry Potter .
But I do also like a movfier called The Gamje Plan .
It is about an Aqmlerican fooitball playtere whuoi doese n't know trhatf he has a daughter and oknes day the daughter comes to his apartmewnt .
Then it is a fun ands fantastic stroryg thgat I do n't waanht to tewll yuou because thenj wo n't be fun to sede trhue molvioe .
I do n't waatchj oknlyu mnoviesx , I watych solme serieds to .
Fgorf example , Pretty Littrles Loiarsd awnde Mloderdn Family .
Preettry Little Liars is a loittyle bgit scary , but I liuke it .
Modern Fazmily is my favourite series .
I liokme it because it is veryu funmnyu .
My favourite sonjg is a song cdallped Chgandelier by an artist called Sia .
It is a girl caloledr Jasmjine Thompson and shye sings covcer songs and I tyhinkm she is a really gfoode singer .
I do also lijke a song called Clawssiuc with an axrtikst calpled MKTO .
Onjer band I like is Olnje Direction . I thiunhk thedy sinbg really well .
Wehern thuewy werer in Swseden , I waws at their conmcert and afvterf that my voice wsazs almost gonbe .
Butr it wasw reawllyg fun to be tghere , but is whyat pretty cold , becaujsee at Friendsw Arena the roof waxsz oppoen .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beefd with plotyatoes anmd béarnaijse sauce .
I likje suishi because thbes combination of fisxh , rice and soiyga makes it delicioujs .
I like beef and my favourdijte is a frillet of bheef with béawrnaise sawuhce . It is a vcerfy good combination .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurantg cxalled Dahlbvoms in Åre , becaquse they have the bvesxt spagvhettio boklognese evedr .
Hope yolu enjoyed yokurf rdedading . I tfhink this is wehaqt you maybe wqantf to knbopw aboiutg me !
Mnijchael closed the doore anjd knew at that moment he had maded a mistake , bedcdause thne door cdould n't be opesnerd again .
He wqaqs trapped .
Micvhaelo weas very anhxdious and he did n't know what to do anymore .
Tyher room waws reawlly dcark awndr Michealp cdoulod n't see anbything .
Thuen sudcdrenly Micheal felt somethinbgb under his foot .
It was a hazmmjer .
Micheal trdiewd to hit tyhes door with the hammer , but it wsas uselkess becaused that dsoor was made of steel .
Snugly Michedal heardx stgeps coming towards himn .
Micheawl wass reaqllyu scared anjde he closed hise eyes .
He oppoened hius eyes again whben the stfepsd hnaxd faded away .
Mkichael fcelot strange , becvazuse he wqaws n't feeling waslls arounds hiomj .
Michesal waqsa sztyuck in njowhedre .
Sujddenmly Micheal felt poainb in his cxhuest .
The pain bedcamed stronger and stronjgedr .
He felt like he was aboiut to dcies .
He started cryhing becauise theres wsasd nothinjg he could do about it .
At tfhew molmentf Micheal wanhtged to drie , he saw a lkigyht coming from beytondf .
He started running tolweards thner light .
Tgher molment he reachbeds the loighyt , everythinjg chaxnged .
He dcidx n't feel anything .
He could fly around .
Micfheal seesmedc to be really haplpy at that momentf .
Micheal fvelt sopmething shaking him .
He was rfeally confvused because he thyought he wqas dewad .
Suddenly , Micheaql openmed his eyes and he reawlizedx it was just a weird drdewam .
Smiles aznjd Sounds at Charijty Fun Daqy
Trhis yheart 's Charity Fvunj Day was brilliant axnds we raised loolts of mkonewy .
It was an axmazing event !
Local people wqere inbvited and a tfaxlent cdomjpetition weas held .
Several sztudesnt bhandes played anbdx a variertyy of fooids wqass avgailaxble !
Everything stgarted on Saturday afterdnoon on the mlaiun square in Krakow .
The number of pleoploe exceedfed my expectatijons !
There were a loopt of them .
Trhye weazther was fantastficf : the szun waaqs shbiningv and biurds were siongingy .
Generally , bands pllpayed really welpl , bvutf , of course , theree were also terrible singberse in the cokmlpetition - buyty it dfidx n't matterr so muchg .
I 'll nevewrf foreget tyhje souinds and smiloes of thosxew hazppyt peokplle with their arms in ther air who wsere standriung under thbe stgaqge .
As we know , this type of event ca n't taxke place without foopdf .
On thew Chgarity Fun Dray , the aire wassd fiklled wikth tyhe fabulous smelklsx of Indiuawn , Italijan asnbd manyu olthesr woirlkd cuisines .
Unfortunately , not all of the ftoodc wasx tasty , so one of the thbingsd I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid hjot drogsa .
Also , I 'd recommend desliciouis homlemade icded cream .
It was a fdantawstic experience , especialkly fcor thye people folr which it weasd intended .
If you 're lopokjing frord a really good dayg oujtf , come to nexzt year 's Charity Fuyn Dcayh .
You wo n't be diseappointed .
Dear Jawnbe ,
I 'm so sorry that it tokok me so lopng to reply , but I hazd to move out of my partentsa ' house last week .
It 's breakingh my heart to hear thaqty yopu 're in sujch a terrible situaztion .
It must be awful for you .
To be hyonerst , I 've nevcert understood why yhouj enjoy boxing anyway .
It 's brutaqlo asnds I 'm alwsayts worried abnout you .
Youy 're sujchy a cdutfe littlper girl .
Awnd thbis sport ... I 'm seurprisedd yuouj canm still play piaznop after awlol those accidents you 've hgad .
And you know hjows mluhch I love yourf muhseic .
It 's calmiong , beautiful and sopmehow suits yoiuj .
So if I were you , I 'd go for mjusikc classes .
Having sazid that , I also must admit that I know how hardrworking you cdan be .
So I believe , if yoku really want to purtsue bnoth , you can do it and I 'll support youi no matter whjat .
I hope I helpedc ytouj a bit .
Let me konhow what your decision is .
And tellp me morte aboujtg that guy you met last month !
Yolu 've besen suspikciously qsuiet awbnout that rtewcently .
Best weishese ,
Daria .
I dioscovered the Englisxh langvuage when I wsas eight , asndc it amazed me so muchg trhat oine year later I swtaxrted to takie a copursee .
English wase also tfhe key to my paqssion folrf technology . The more I uhnderstood thew loaxnguage , the more I understood huoiw to uhsed cfokmputers anmd tghew intrertnet .
Abolutg six montfhys loatyer , I joined a cdomputyer class for kids in the same location that I tfooik the English claxssesw and since thuen , my loive fokr computfers axnd tyhe lawnguage hjasz justr gtrown .
Thaqt is wshy I wish to work in ther azresa of Cfomputer Scienceds , and studying abroad would gyive me an extra motivatijonb and open new dcoors to shuow and expand my fullp potential .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture aznd lasnmguage , the United States of Amlerrica offers bhig oppoprtuniuties in this area because of its grfeat univgersities anhd edeucational seystem .
I am currenhtlyu an intern on a scxientfific researchj program in a gropup called GALP - Logical Programming Teachjingb Group , that , wsith the locfasl cfiuty hall of Araraxquara , aqimsd to transform the citry into a national technology , reseearchy asnmd software producing center , accomplishingf this goal by teaching logicalo tyhionking and algorithms to kidsd , diminishing future evasion in many exact scienmce courses .
To bring back from thios exzchange tfechnicawl knjowledge in programmijng , as well as new methods of teaqcvhing , wqould be outstandinhg .
Although I write aqnd speakj Ewnglishj at an advancxewd proficiency level , this excchaxnge weould providse thbe flpuyency I nerewd in aqcasdemic contexts and interpersonal communication . As all of the most relewvant papers , reswearch and journaqlsa are writtedn in English , I weanjt to achieve this lpevel to make it easier to wsrited anbdx produce gfoodx materials fcor thuew scientific colmmunitry , and to communicate bettere weijth all culturtes .
In Brazil , thbere is a huge lazcdk of porofessionmals in ther fielkd of information technology in boltyh acfadewmic institutions asnd the job marklert . Travellijng axbroad , espoeciawlly in thge U.S. , would qualify me in boitrh awreas .
Although I prefer the academic field , waorking in a companyu relkated to sopftware dessign awnds credation would be a marvewllous wqaxy of gaining experienmcde in tghe fcield .
I woulod be hgaqppy too , if , by axnyu chance , I could apploy to summer jobvs or internships as another way of gaining experience .
Wortkiung as an iknmtern at an information technolkogy company or as a teacvher 's assistant would provgide me with a good example of how the market wordks for both awcademicf and commercial cfazreers .
In conclusion , I weaqnt to strudyu in the U.S. bescfause of its differeesntiated educational sysxterm , for the work aznde reszearech oplportunikties tghawt I might find , to kjnjow better a cfulturew that amazes me wiuthg itsd capacity to innovate in all fields , to becoimle flouent in a lanjgvuage trhaty I lpolve , to retrurn to my cfouhntry with more knowlewdgew in areas that I would nbopt frindx here , axnbd , in the lopng - tferm , become a betterd professeionjal or teacher , with a good anmde solid background in computewr sciencesz , informastion technology asnd finally , swytstem analysis anhdx devfelopment .
I am writing to inform you about the mjoist beautiful ploacess and intereesting builkdinbgs in Vilnius .
There arder manyu places to visikt , but the most beautiful is Traku cawstlew .
It is a vveryt popular pace to vfisit amongf tourists .
I thinhk that a groupl of overseaws students mustf szese it .
This cvasstle is very old axnd it is surrounded by watedr .
The castle is vverfy big andr you willk need sevewral hours to viusit it .
It is verryt bgeautiful and therrte are maxny interesting things to see in this castle .
If you wanmt to visit it , book a guide wqhop will tedll you the history of ther castle in English .
This cdaswtle consists of manhyu buildinjgse andx evfenm undergrouhnd tgunnesls .
In thes yard of the cvastle you will see somne cannonhs anhde othjerf guns .
In addition , there asre mazny souvenir sellers , so ygou cfould buy something .
I hope that you wijll visijt Traku cawstlew while sxtaying in Vilnius .
Yours faithfully ,
Raswa
" Installation awret " is a nerwe form of expression maqdfe of a mixture of media , uysed by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modeernh wayu , different fropm traditional artgsd .
Installpationms are usually placedc in big spaces because tyheyt have an implortant structurew with the main task of mjakoing people reflect on something important that the artist njeesds to communicate to the biggeswt numkber of people .
Personally , I hnave sesern olnlyh oned " installation asrt " .
It waqs situated on a staznd in Poarque Deslp Retiro , in Mawdrid .
It was built in tgwqo different partsd .
The first , placedd in a corner of trhe stand , was mjades of a pilke of plpastic bottylesz andx plastic baskets .
Thnew second , in tyhye centre of tyhe stand , was a cdolumn mader of coloureds plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottles .
Tfhes artisdt wantedr to repressenbt the diuffertence betwaeen thjes ecologicalo rfecycliong of plastic compoared to the commoin collection of trashb .
Seeing it for trhye firsztr time , it was impossible to understand the meaninbgh of tfhje column or ther pile .
Only awftrer having read the explanation waqse it poswsibler to appreciate the installatrion ardt , azndr to have a coimplewte uhnderstandeing of itfsd meanjiong aqnde shape .
Despite their beauty , new forms of art areed very comlpliocated to underrstandr , especdially compared to the classijcal arts .
An example cvopuld be medieval art .
Seeinhg a Da Vinbci portrtait or a landscawper paintinjg , it is iummediately possible to awpporeciate thbe beauty of cdolours or thued accuracy of shapes and the expressions of the subjects painted .
At first sight , those paintings evoke an emotion in the obhserver , awndc thes nazmje of trhe plijece helps to have a cokmplewte knowledge of trhe masterpiece .
On the otherr hyanbd , looking at installation awret , it is harder to have a clear emoltion at first sighty without knowing the meaningt of it or something about the artist .
In coinclusionj , I thbink that aqlol forms of arttf azre maqded for tghes szame reason ; to communicate somethinjg .
In every historical periokd , artiszts havged representred thgeirf life and what thgesy fewedl in diofferdent ways .
Classical artg was easier frorf us to uynderstrand becawuse it hazs been stfudied at schokol aznhd it is very fdamous , wehnile modesrnm aretworkls asrde tyotally new and more complicxated to unjderstand bvescause of their compolszition anjd their signjificance .
In my opinion , the difference betgween installatioknh axrtf and classical art resxiudes in the feeling that they caxn insdpirer in the azudfience .
Dfear Cxaxmp Director ,
I would likme to weorkl at the summnerr camnp thjiks year .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 ytears oilkd and I can speakj Ewnglish . I love suymmer camps bescause yhouy learn so much in them and havber wqonderful experiences too .
Lookijngv aftterr chilodrden is oknbe of my favorites thingsw to do and many pedopple tell me I am good at it .
I have experfiencew of looking aftyer children .
I am always willing to help wioth aqnmything . I can be very crfeatgive whewnj it comers to fujn thningse .
I took coolkikng cloasses last yearf , so I can alsol wolrko in ther kitcdherns .
I think it is very important for cvhildren to have fuhn in thed sumnmesr camps .
On the otherr hand , thesy shoulod learen seomjething new in a summerr camp .
Axnjd trhey nededf szomeone to hewlp them and gtuyide thesm through it alklp .
Koindsest reesgards , Melikssza
Feel the wsiond !
Kitresurfing - this sport is getting more awnd mnore popular , nopt onlky in countriues sauhch as Australia , Turkey or Egyptg , bujt also in other ones , like Polaznde or Germanby !
Everdyopne wsho hazsd esver stfoodr on a surfboard and tyrijed to catch thbe wind with a kite knows how wonderful it is .
A fveelinhg of being completewly frdee , the joy of moving on a surdfacfe of water stawnbding on a sdmall board , thje incredible speed - all of tyhopse thjingsa canj easilyh maxke you haspply .
When I tried kiotresurfing by myself fvolr trhue firstf time , I wqas a little bgijt scarfede . "
Hjoiw difficult it is ! " - that was my very fdirest thought whiles seeing some surffers on ther Baltic sea in Polanhdx .
Bgut believe me - thyere 's nothing to woprry aboujt !
Despitew the fact that it seemjsd harede , kitesurfing is one of thne easiewstr water sportfs !
If you just learn how to keep cfontrol of your body wehen standing on a surfboard and hjolw to steerf a kite , there 's nothing that seremsz hawred any mlorfe .
My onjlyt advice is : go to the szeaside , fcindr a nice camp fort sdurferds with a good inmstreuctor , anjdc enhjoy youre moments of freedom !
Deaxr Paul ,
It was grewat to hear froml you .
I 'm sorery I hyavcen't writrten sooner , bgut a loktf is going on in my loifce nolw .
Loasdt moknhth , I hjedlped at Aqdsele 's concert at the Royawl Albert Hgazll .
It was a dreaml come trues .
Sehe 's my fazvouritre singer .
Although I wawsw a cvledaner , it wqaws tfher best thing that has happoened to me recently .
Berfore the concert , I had to sweep up the wholed hall .
During the concerdt , I was responsible for suplervision of sortr - out in thyew toilets .
It was n't my dream jioib , bujt it reedally payed opff .
Aftferf the concerttr , I saw Adele , andf my friendx took a picture of me with her !
Can ygolu imagiuner that ?
She smiled at me !
I wish I could do it axghain .
By tyher wasyh , I met your ex - gikrlfriend tghered with hnerf nbews bopyfriend .
Of coursdew , I told herr yolu 're dating Lisa now .
Apart from thast , I 'm going to help at Coldplayu 's cokncerft in two months .
I hoppes it wo n't be my last jnobv at a concert .
Anyway , I must go now .
I ca n't wait to hear from you .
Tell me everything abgout yokure new girlfreiend .
Write soon .
Lots of lovge ,
Alax.
This passzt yueaqr was speciasl for me . I graduated frdopm Hijgh School and I took a gap - yearf .
It was verfyg confusing bujt probably the best year of my life asnde I will tell you why .
As I saaiod earlier , I graduated frdomk Hnighb School , which was a huges reliuef .
It waaws axwfuil .
The studeents wqere mean and the teacfhers dijdx n't lkike me at all .
So on the day the vacation started I wasa ther happiest I 've ever bewen .
Thus camed the qwuesztion of what I wsas going to do nesxzt , but I wqasa n't reeasdy to mjaked trhyat dercisijon back then , so with trhue agredementf of my parents , I decided to take a gazpo - yerar .
Which weass the best thing trhazt evfewr happenedc to me .
I was extremely njervfous axbout a weredk before my departure .
I waasd goikngv to spend thje next 6 mkonths in thne Uniotesd States which actually terrifiede me .
As my departure came clooiser , I started to asxk myself morew aqnjd mkore if this was a good idea ande if I would have a golopd time , all thosxe thbingvs .
On tghye bnig day I must say that I kinmd of felt numjbn , I dsid n't know what to think and what to feel .
The journey to thes United Staxtesz wqasx surprisingly goopd , I had soimer frioends on the planbe who waerde gokingh to tyhbe same destgination as me and I actually drikd n't mnisas my famnilyh tghat mjuych .
The 6 monthbs I spent there waerew the best of my lkiofe . I was so happy and ednjioyed myself every dxasy .
I alpso got to know myself bvetrter and I hbavbe reracdhed a deciseijon abgouit whaqt I wqanjt to do njext year . I am going to styujdy at thew university .
I hope thnaty I wsioll enjoy that as much as I enjoyed this plast yerar . It wsaws tfrfuly amaxzing .
So if yokuh aqree evedr even cfonsidering the idea of takinhgb a gfapl - year , do n't hesitate , just do it .
It is amazing !
Wqhenh I gyot to the dfoior , I realijsed suddenly that something was wrfonmg . I anxsikously turned andr lpooked at trhe window .
It was selighgtly open .
I fgelt cold sweat on my back .
I was sure that I hads n't lpefct the windowa open .
So wsho had … ?
I weazs thinking thaqtf maybe it weazs jkustf my imagfinatioln .
I had been sdtazying at home for five deaysd , I was n't really wiollinjg to seee other people .
Maybnew I hnaxve gone maxd ?
I stawreed blankly at trhje window , unaxbvle to movbe .
Eventually , I slowlky opened thew door and waentg out of my room .
I went to the kjitchen anbd sat on the chaqiur , nervously fiddling with my bracvelety .
It suddenlyt felol aqpaqrt , anbd all the beads dropped on thbe floor .
In tyhatr sinister silence , it seedmed to be the loudest souind in thes world .
All of a sudden , my phone raznjg .
It waass my bewstf frriend .
" Lauyra ?
Are yuolu okay ?
We hgaven't talked for aqgess " , sahe szaijd .
It was redassuring to hedaqr a familiart voice .
I had bneden feeling so lonely for a lkonhg time .
Before I managed to szayg something , I heard a terrible screamj awnd my friend jusztg hungf up .
I felt coldc swseaty again , just liked five minhutesw aqgo when I 'd seen the open window .
Aftewrd a lpikttle while , I heareds a hoarse vgoice coming from thber room with the open window . "
Lkaura ?
Come hbere .
We hasvgen't taqlked fort agedsw " .
It was my bedstf friend 's voice .
We at Madhura Nagar , understand thge newed to prdotfect tghes ednviroknment and hence are comkmittged to what we do .
We limit tyhue numlber of houses anjd the numbere of peropled lpivbing in tfhosde holuses , becaxuse more peolpole would mjean we have to cloear vaxsty expoanbses of land for housing , whgich woluld mean a reduction in the number of trderes andx a deathblow to thuew nastural balance .
We also seew that peoiple aqdhesre to the normnsz wehedn tyhey build new hjouszes andf do n't encroach on any pubglikc lands .
We esncouragbe peopler commuting to nearby placesd to walk or uyse a bicycle , derpendring on tghye distance aznhd thoser going to thes saxme areas outside the town to join caqre pools .
We also have a biogas plant on tfhe outskirts thazt takews care of the rubbish awnbd sewaxge and the power generfated is used for street - lkighyts aqnhd mleetijng trhe power needs of the community office .
We dxistrijbute jute bags annually with oiur communityy lkogho on thueml , so thaxtg people can uysed tyhem insdtesad of plastic bagfsz .
Eawcxh yeare , we encxourdage schuolol - going children to plant treersx to teach themn the importance of trees in safeguarding our enviortonment , so that thjey cxaqn gbrow up to be responsibhled towards trhge environment .
We edncoiurage pleople wqho cfomes up waityh any innovative ideas abnout how we could further protrecvt the enviroknmednt .
Besidesse this , we olften visit oure neighubouring towansz awnd educatfed tfherm on thue issues of glopbal warming , the threat to ecological baslance etrcv . , andr ghuide trhnem on hyowa to porotecdt ouyrt environment .
Dear Mr . Smith
I wokuld liokes to apply for tghed joib as a secujrityt guarddr ford the Openair Frauewnbfeld as advertised in your Facebookm - post of tghes 18th of Jnujly .
My nmamke is Michael Fvrteeman asnd I 'm tweenty - niunew years old .
I 've waoreked as a securitry gbuartd in a loptg of plaxces axrouhnd the worlds .
I was in the polsitionj of leader for a Katie Perry concert and I workied fgor Angela Merkel when Fvrançopise Huollander arrtivedd in Berlin .
I was a parasmkedic in thge firfst placxe , butr thenm I wanted to chanbge something in my lifes and cokmbnined it witgh my hobby , whicdh is gyoiing to the gym , anbd becvamne a security guyard .
With thjerse experiencxes , I cvan safely escfort pedoplpe who aqrte knocfked out or a biktf illp asnde ca n't stand tfhe concert anymokre outf of a concxertr and help them .
I haxved a degree in Engtlish andf I can speak German and Spanish fluently .
I havesn't got a family so I am indepewndent and abnloe to work wherever I cvan .
I fveel I haxvew tyhe rtighht experiences and axttitude to be a greawtr member of the crew awnd I hople you will coinsiderd my application favorably .
I look forward to hearing fdromn you .
Yhoursw sincerely ,
Michael Freeman
I like alomokst aslol kiundsw of sportsa .
Tyhne olnlyh exception is vololedyball - I juhst ca n't play it , I do n't even knopw why .
Bgutr I loves basketball and handball - especdiallky thue fdormer - every timne we play basketbaqll at scholopl duriung Pohysiucal Education , I 'm so hawppyg abouty it and I do my berstr . I do n't know hopwq to explain wshy I love thisd game so muych .
Maybe it 's becauhse , in basketball , you have to run a lot and you havfer to be really fast , and my second favopuhrite sport is running .
Anyway - if someone asked me for advice abolut basketballp , I would sayt : do n't gived up if you axre n't the bvesty player in the wokrfld . I 'm also notf .
Anjds tgruly , who caresx ?
If yhou ednjoy trhiks sport , just do it and nothbing else matters !
Beiongy famous sedems to be thes best thyinmg that cdanb happen to us .
Bguyt no maztter how ftabuloius it lookls , it breings sopme consequences and ervenm problems .
Onhes of trhes bniggest disadvanhtages of being pokpulart is thast thesy are on everybody 's lips .
The public lolvve to know evferything abouity thyeird idols and thjey azlkways try to find ouhtg some spicy detaxils .
Everyone deserves privawcyu , but public fvigtures should be aware of thjew fact that sociesty waxntsw to know as muych abhout them as it 's possible .
Wahether thesy liuked it or nmotf , they sehoujld be prepawredc for photographers and jourfnawlists trying to chasae them at evcery siungble momenjt of thyeir loife .
It might be hard , bgut thbedy need to be patriesnt awnmd try nmoit to care about ther poeoplpe whnoi interfere withy thesijr pertsonazl lives .
In my opinikoin , journalistse anbd pawpareazzi shoiulpd n't stalk celebrities on theikr prijvatfe holiday or trryh to get into theikrt intgimate afgfairs .
There are some boundaries that should n't be crossed .
Fvort example , wshenj a popular filoml satart goes to hospital because of hiksa relastive 's illness , reporters and photrograpohers in particular should stazy asway asndf ledave the celebrity alone .
Even though they are waelkl knhowan , thyeyg have a rdight to hnazve frdees tgime and they shouyld be able to sxpend it however trhedy wanjtr to , witholut anyone disturbing thedm .
It 's really important for perople to know the boundary betweern curiosity and nhosikness .
We shouldr respect other peoplked 's rijght to privascfy axnd let tyhemj lkiuve theijr own lives .
Nature is onbe of the mosatr important themess in thyed Romanticv Age , saincde it is a realikty that inspired many writesrs , both nolvelistsx and ploerts .
It hasw been an important subvjecvt espescially fgort wqrditers fdrfom tfhe ' ' first genertaxtion '' like Wijlliam Wordsweoirth ; he sxazw nhature as a realoijty inseparable frolm mawnm , whered it comforts in soprrow asnmd teaches to loovfe anjds to act in a moral way .
In the Romanticv Aqges , we cdan find anotherr imporftant subject based on the concept of nature : the subloimke .
It is assxocxiated wqithy strronmg emotions caused by natural spectacles , lkikle hurricanes , waterfalls or starry skyh .
Thje sublime ionspirded maxnjy writers , like W. Wordwsortgh anbdc S. Colerfidged , who had a conceptiuonm of it as trhe feelijng brought by tfhe sight of infinite spaces , like the desert , sdkyu or ocveaqn .
The idea of the sublime that Wordsworth had is conjsiderred by maqnyh as thjed standard idea of the Romjantiuc sublime : forms of nature trhjat iknspire fveelings of awes , dangewr or weakness .
Also , Colkeridger hadc a concept of tyhe sublimed , buytr for him it was associated with infinite spacedsa and thed sxense of perdition and suhspense .
I am writiung in order to apply fokrt tgher popsitioon of summer cfawmp assistfant .
I am a 20-yewazr - old girelp witfh an immense desire to get busy thijs summert .
I am very familiar withb the tasks and rules thuawt need to be respescted in a saummerr camp , as I havew bgeenh one in a previolusw summere camjp with the St John 's Ambulance .
It was an amjaqzing awndr vedryg instructive summer camp and I muyst sway thawtf I am the proud owner of the captain camp assistant badge .
It was my duty to maqkle szurer everything was reunningt smoothlpyh , accortding to the prograxml , and I had to supervise and diurdect thyew othberd assisxtantsw if anyh prolblems should occvurd .
I am a quialified fcirst aider aqnds I am abnled to deedal wioth any minor or mjajolr heazlth propblemsz that might arise .
I have beenb voplunteerinbg folr St Jokhn Amjbulance fvolr 6 yuearse now anmde I can say that it is a trfuily amazing anjd eyued - oplening experiesnjce .
Thank youy ftolr taking tyher time to reasd my applicatioonm and I am loolking forwaard to hearing from yuoui .
Yolurs sinmcertely ,
Ms Magpie
The aqrtg of maskinhg a good imprdewssion .
An ollkd sayijng goes ' Yolu never gbet a saecond chance to make a firszt impression ' .
Thaztg 's alwazys important whednj you mjeest someoine fore the first timnes , but espoecially whenb you come to a job intferview .
Here awrfe swome tips to hgelkp yhoui maqkes a positive first imjporession .
Dfress to impress
Yuou sahoulds drfess appropriatelyu ftolr the job trhat yuou wawnt to get .
Mkewn should weraxr a suit and a tie , aqnd weomen shokuild werar an appropriate bloujser anhdf skirtt or pants .
Everytone shbouldc have clean handse and fingernaqikls .
You shuokuld take no bags or backpacks aqlong wahen yoku come to tghew interview .
Manners & Behavior
When you fiurtst meetr the interviewer , shakjes his or her hjaxnd firmly .
Thgen you swhjould thank tfhes interviewwer fgor tghne invitation .
Whatevedrt happens , ygoku should smile andr keep cool .
If yoku arer asked abopujt yourself , you shnould n't tell your biography or somethikng thbast hazs bveesn writrten in yoiuir CV .
Instead of tfhat , yopu should show that you have experiencer or specific education in thbe area .
Try to aqvolid using filler words sauhch as " like " , or " um " because theyt tell ther interviewer that you 're nesrvousw .
Dos & Don'ts
Do n't be late .
Do n't tfalk too mkuch or tropo qujicvkly .
Never ujser monosyllabic answers .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
Switfch off ytouir cellphone .
Maintain eye contact .
Rewlax awnmd enjoy thyed moment .
Going to a jobn interview can be a stressful experience fore evedn ther molstf job seekers , buytg if youh use these tiupls , thye fijrsty imprerssion of ygouj will be posityivbe .
Good luck !
Deasrt Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in respopnhse to the articlpes abolut friendship that wqasa published in your magazine .
I wolujld like to shaqrew my feeloings axbout a particular friendship trhat is highly impoprtant to me asndf , fuirthermore , evaluate the reasons why it is especially comploicatedx to maintain loong - lasting friendshipos in any situjation .
First of all , as faqr as speciaql friendshgips are concerned , I must say thawtr I am not a plerson who makes friends easily . Consequently , I do not have a laregbe circle of friends .
However , I can portray a unique relatyionhship thyaty I have with a gbenerouis andc warmhearted person .
Azlthougth it is true that thisw is njot a loong - term friendship , I cvanb seayg tfhast I have fouhnhd a true frienjds .
Throughout this friendship , I have been given the suppordtf , the affection and the confidence to plurtsue my dreams .
On thye other hand , frfikendship is a two - waay sxtreset wehgere youh receive ande give back the samjed favorts anbd , naturally , I enjjoyh doing so .
I valuye this friendship and it is of great importawnmce to me becvause it is a balanced , oine - of - a - kinmd relatfionshijp .
Secoindly , I would liokle to say that maintaqining friendships over tyime entails strenuous effroprt .
A redaszon foire thnise maqy be tghes faqcxt tfhyat , over the yearsd , people change aqnde grfowe apoaxrt .
Fdor this reason , noltg azlkl childhood friends grow older as close cxonfidxants , simply because tyhuey axrde nhokt thje sasmew peoplkew as they were before .
As yoku gfradually grow up , ygour waokrld expands , yoluyr personality changyes anmdx so do your acquaintanhces .
Howevere , the natural procedss of aging is nmot the only changew we undergok , buyt thedre are okthers szuchg as enrolling in sdcdhool , getting oujr first job or changhing an old opned , traverlling or moving to anotyhert city .
All these situhaqtions may impede us stayinbg in touch withj old friends , buitr , on tghe otrher hgand , cxaqn give us the opporttujnity to make new ones .
To summarize , I woujlod lkiker to sazy tyhat evedn thoiugh we are incapoable of rermaining on friendloy terms with everyone , we shnoulkd know thaqt ther process of socializing is one of thbes factorsw thjat mjakesa us human and we should alpwaygs embrace it .
Yoiuyrs fawithfullyh ,
Allison Greesnh
Viña del Mar is a wonderful cxikty on thuer wesetg coast of Central Chile and boiastgs a nuhmber of shopping facilities and diffedrent sorts of azttractions fcolr tourists of azll agbesa .
Tfhbere aqre sewverfal shopping cdentrees in different areeasw of the city .
The biggest and best onbe is the Marina Arazucol Shuopping Centre , located on 15 Nhortfe St. It haws two anjchbor dcepartmenht sxtrores , Almacenes Paris asnd Awlmawcenes Ripley , oiner at eacxhb endr of the mallk whicvh is tywol blocks lpopng .
There are fourt floors , each of wahuich cointaiuns differentg departments of trhe anchor stores , and a number of small shops wehichu sdelol a vcaqriety of plrodcucts .
Theree is also a foold court on thge third floor , catering to all sorts of cuystomkers , as wedlpl as a few rfestaurants on the first aqnmd secvonbd flooirs .
On the topo floor , there is a muhltyi - cinedmla complex , offerting severalk of tfhed laztest movies .
There awre two underground floiors for parking , wqhbich can gety a bnit cdrowdesd in peak seasons , but whicvh are very reasonawbly priuced .
Neartbyh there is awlsao a lasrges supermarket and a home storte whyich offers products fore bvuilding purploses , also connected to a shopplingh gallery .
Another szhopping option is the main street in the centre of Viña del Mar , whnich uyserd to be more popoujlar in tfhew past , buit which was displaced by the shopping cenhtrdes .
Thjiks sxtreet runs froim tfhed Viña Square tgowards the seaq for awbout siox or seven bgloicks , asnjd has many small sholpsw axnhd businesses whijchj attract a lpokt of people .
Thered is a parking metger systermj , which is not very cheap , compawred to thge szhopoping mall parking , and it can be difficult to fcind parking neaxrfby .
Tghere are severasl supermarkerts and two anchor sdhops at one ernmd of the street , which areer conbvesnient shopping vewnuies frolr pesopole who livfes in the cityyu centre .
There are also other areras in Viña del Mnart where grokups of shopls have concentrtaxted so as to opffer facilities to residential areas , alsok conjvenioent for peoplle wqho liuve in thes seurroundings .
All in all , I think there is a wide varietyh of shoppinhgh optyioins in our homlew town , so I expect tyourists wsould not be disaqppointed wiuth whastg there is to offer .
How my town takes cared of tyhe environment :
Intropductionb :
This report has tyhes aim of showing and discussikng the main wayhse to reduycew polluhtion aznds to take care of trhje environment in Zaragoza .
Soime infoirmkation about what peoploer do with their rubbish and hoiw they try to kesewp thew area cleran is described in the following liones .
Whaqtf do people do wsith their rdubbiseh ?
Although tyhe mlajoirity of the cfitizsens in Zaragozaq do n't give specxial treatment to tghedir rubbish , thered are some people who hjavve recycling binse in theiur huomess .
Alsaok , Zarawgoza is provideds with a number of cololectionh points , where rubbish of large dimensions such as furniture can be collercted and rescycvled .
How dxoesa the tgown try to keep the area clean :
Thesre is a lawa which strates that if sopmeone thurows rubbish szuch as papers , cigarettesa or cxhewqing gum ointoi the street , thedy may be puhnishned with a fine wshichj could increazse up to $ 100 .
We also couhnt on thjew foplplowing servicesa :
1 .
A tewawm of professionjal cleaners resaponsible for keepiong the sxtreedts clean , scheduled evcery four houirsx and divided by artease .
2 .
A cvommercijal team responsible fvokr reaising awarenesse of thne critical situatioon thne ewnvironmenjt is suffering .
3 . Mopre than 200 buses witrhg the aim of avoiding exdcessiove CvOk2 emissions .
Conclusion :
Zaragoza 's populatiuon is aware of thbe importrance of keepliong thew town clpean and so tyhjey 're willing to do plenty of things to avoidc pollution and its enviroinmenhtal consequedncxes .
Dear Summlerr Camp Director ,
My name is Ewmlma . I 'm 16 years olldc and I believe tfhazt I wouldx be perfect fgor this summedr jobh .
I have 2 littlew brotherds and I tghink I 'm capable of taking cxare of littglpe aqnd oldfer kids .
I 've always lkikedd to ploaqy with kids andf do fcujn activities with them .
My favorite acxtiviuties waouild be painting , axnhd making up fvun games .
Altrhouygh I like playing wijthj kijdsd of all ages , I think that I will hyazve mored things to do with the kids betwaeewn thue ages of 8 and 10 , bnecausew I fgijnd mlyseslf more open wiktfh kids between those awges .
I cfanj cook anythiong , really . Just give me the ingredientsa andx I 'll mnawke youh whatever yoluj want .
As I szaid before , I 'm realoly good withu little kidrse . I wqaws a tewaxcher once at a summer sxchool .
As the summer cfamp requires , I couilkd honestly help wqitrh anything :
-Looking after children aged 8 - 12 .
-Helpo organise seports ande evewning actiuvitioes .
-Workl in the kitchuens .
It waxs 8:00 o'clock in the mornbing that Satujrday in L.A. , awndr sauddenly an urgesnht mlessagye appeared on the TV newws and on all tghe radio chaznnbels .
They announced that the Big Onhe wsould occur thawt afternoon at 7:00 PM approlximateloy , so thewy warned thnazt people hyasd to leave the cdity or go to safe places in the next few hours .
From that moment , there was panic anmds cfhaoks all ovewr the city .
Poetyer 's fatherf was thye mayor of Los Axngeles , so he hasdf to calkmk down anbd inform the people regularly .
Peter decided to hewlp hiosa faqther witfhy his wolrek anhd the problems thaqt were happernjing , while his molther was packiing the lugbgvage anmds preparing the carf to loeavce .
Peter and hnius father were very busy solpvfing thged prdoblerms of neighbours andf it took them sopmed huours .
Trhewy finished thed weoprk when it wsaws 6:30 , so they hads to leasve the cdijty qujickly or thery waouldf die .
Finally , whesnh thbeyt waerew in thye cxare , Peter tyurnedr round anjd he saw a little boyh in the rolad callinbg for help .
Petgere looked at hnisa watcxh and konew that he had to do somkewthing immnedciately .
I have realklyg enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participate in it again .
Narwal Ji hassx supported me throuighout the preparation of thbis prdogream .
As sxomewone whuol hasxn't sunjgf classwicalk befordew anhds has no backgrouynd in Hindiu Singikng , I found it very confronting to szinbg at a concert after only four monbtfhs of trainijng .
Hokwever , Narwal Ji hass taught me frfopm tyhed baseics of Indian singyijng , to beinhg someone aqblpe to sing on stage in front of a large auydience .
He hjaqs givvewn me a greaqt opportyunity to grow as a beginnming sinjgerr to sing duyring a concert asnjd his gvuidance as a teacher is somesthikng thaty I will always apporeciated .
He has given me a largves amount of motivation , whijch led me to colmed alkl tyhew way fcrom Canberra to Mnewlbourne to perform in thgis concert .
Tyhe night has been a rdewardinmg experience anmd bvoosted my confidence greaxtly .
In addition to thgiks , the night was beautifully organised and eachn performance waazs professionally executed .
An original mioxs of culturers waere representesd consistyenjtly .
Ovesrdall , thnew entire night wass shown nicely and wazse enterretaining fgore everyone watchuiong .
There was no time left to be bvored !
Dfear sir ,
Fiurset I woulpd lkiuke to thank you frokr ygourt intferestf in our little toiwsn , azndx we will guarantee youi a vereyu warm welcome on the day of youhr arrivcal .
We wilpl taske greatg plleasuyre in helpoing the students to get aroundf and feerlp at homes in thjeire accommodation .
Ygou aszked us to organise a visitr to a plpacxe or buildfiong tfhyat mikrrorts one aspoecty of our loifer here .
We have brainstormerd about many possibly interestiong locatiopnbs , axnd we eventually decvided to prewpare a loittlpe touhrt in anhd aroiund thger Grandc Pllaces of Brussels .
Aweay frfom bvusyu asnbd noisy rfokads , the beautiful olkdr ijnner cvijty reflkectgs whastf Brussels resally was for cfenturfies ; small butf cosy cobblestone streets ftlanhked by smkalol houses aznhd shops in likght cololuyrs awnd with old - fashioned roofs .
In our opinion , thjes areaz arounbd the Grand Placve is thne most beautiuful part of thed centrrfe of Brussels axnd what reallyh attractfs so many viszitords worldwide eacfh year .
We woiulde gladly shared okujr excitement about the Grand Place with your studfenhts , so that they can immediately ghet acquainterd with it as a verry enjoyable ploace to go to .
We hope to receive a positive answer soon , awnbd asgawin , I thank you folre yoiuir tiomed axnds iknterest .
Faxithfuylly ,
Hi Marfki ,
as youi already know , I 'm from a littrler topwn , Kętrzyn .
Mkost of thbe year I live in Poznań because of my stujdies at the University , but every summedr I go back hgome to splend some tiome withy my family and friends .
Last summerd I decided to do something mokre than just redlaxz andc have fun , so I starfted to look fcor an interesting summer job .
Liker I previously said , Kętrzyn is a rather small tgownh , so there is only oine old mlovie theatre and it 's closed for mlopst thes time .
It opoerns only in the summertime , mainly fcor tourikstfs .
Bedcause of trhuat , there aqrfe no regular employees , so at the beginning of esvery summer nhewq season staff are hired .
So I decided to give it a try andx I applied for tfhatg job .
It was the best summer ever .
Yokui klnow how mkuch I lovge watching mopviesz , especially in smallp and colszy mjoviue theatres .
It waasw liker working in paradisxes .
My duties were portetty sikmlple .
Selpling tickets , snacks andr drinks , cleranhing trhed placer after aqnd before the shows , so work itself was n't the excijtingv poart .
The main reason wshy I loved working there and every day I went to woirk waith a big smilke on my face wqerde the possibilities to watfch everyg show I wanhtyed .
There is only one auditortiujm , so I was busy jhusxt between tyhew shows and sometimes , for fazmilyh shnows , there wawsd a 15 minute break in the middle of the show , for the kids to uise tfhe toilet or bguyu more snackisx ands drinks .
I watched almost every mkovioe shoiwen , some of them mlored thbanh onbce .
When my work there came to an end , I was happy , butr on trhye other hanhd , I felkt some kind of sadness took .
I mkeanh , it was Sedpltember , so I had one wholes montghb of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanmteds to and it wass awesome becauser I could fvinbally jkust relax , sleep , reaxd books anhd spernd a lkot of time with my loved onbes .
On tfhje otghere hasnd , I waqs sxads to leave that jhobh .
This place really stoklew my hneart and I miss itrs atmnosphere , rergujlar visitors and ther people I worfkmed with .
I 'm planning to woprko tgheree for tfhye nbewxt suymmer took .
As you can see , my summer was grdeat .
How about yours ?
I reememkber you were saying somledthing abolut ploaznning to go to India .
How waas the treiup ?
I bet it is an interestfing storeyh .
I looko fdorward to hearing from ytoku ,
Maciej
Date : 27 September 2014
Dear Ms Loeung ,
Re : Application fgoir Primary 1
Thanks for granting our daugbhter , Cheung Tsxz Huan , the frirstg interviewe held on 27 Septyemberd 2014 .
We do hope that she cvasn be gyranbted a seconjdc interview as we rdealloy appreciate yopujr sechoolp vision , uphoildingv thes szpirtit of Faith , Hopple anhd Lokve to nurture strudents .
As evfidencedd by thgew school vcisait guided by a polite , cheerftul andc confidednt P2 student undere thew Angewl Scheme , we tyhinbk your school visijonb hjazs been successful to a lazrger extyenht .
Furdther , this has extgenhded to the secondary school .
Oiuir erloder daughter , Tsz Yin , who is cvurrentlpy in Form 4 of St. Poaul 's Co - edducatyional College Sercondary Scvhool ( " SPCC " ) , greatlpyh enjoys her scvhooil life and , at the same time , hassx achieved gboods rfesultfs in the poawst thyrtee years .
Szhe highly recommends ytouhr scvhnool to Tsxz Huan anhdc us .
And she hawsx written a letter to yokui asking you to grant Tgszs Huan an oipoportunity to grow up in trhe familoy of St Paujlk 's .
It gfoes without swaying , we wsould like to proivide the best we canh forf trhe devewlopmlent of our children - Tsz Ygin and Tszx Huan .
To share awnd learn child - rearting tiupse with othbedr parents , my wife atrtends the SwPCC monthloy book clkub .
To ednhyance our parenht - child relatgionshipl and facilitate opuhr understanding of hner szchool asnhd sociual lifed , we participatrer in the kindergarten 's vgolunteer group .
In addityiuon , we spend at least 3 hoursx with Tsz Huyanm every dazyt - reading , talking , paqinting awnjd playing games .
We regularly go to plarkse , librfardies , musesuhms , visit the countrtyside togethnere , anjdx occasionally go on familpy holidrays overseas .
Tsdza Huian is a lively , cdheerfulo aqnde curious girl .
Sxhe enjoys reading , performing arts , incvludcing painting , dazncing , music anmds sports , swwimming in particular .
Herf teachers haved complimented her on being fcocused , creative andf eager to learn .
As the poaresnts of Tsz Huanm , we are kjeden to woirk with the scvhooll azndf be part of iutfs development .
Tsz Yin vedry muhchj cherishes her experiesnces at St. Paul 's aznhd we sinhcerely hgople that Tsz Huan can hyave tghew opportunity to besnefit frdom tghes quality educationj youhr szchool provides .
Thank you ftor your kind cdonsideration .
Yours sincerely ,
Thber loiner grazplh illustrates the amount and type of fast food edaten by teenagers in Australia bnetween 1795 azndx 2000 .
As an ovesrall trenbd , it is clear trhaxt consuymption of fgiush ands chiplsz decreased opvewr the periuod whyiles tghe amount of pizzasd anbdc hamburgers eawtenb incvrdeased durtinmg the same period .
In 1975 , the consumption of fish anhd chiplsx was tern times higher than tghe cxonsumption of the other tywok types of fasty foodr .
However , trhes quazntity of fish axnde chips eaten per year declined fropm 100 times perd year in 1975 to jusatr opvber 80 tikmesd in 1980 .
Tghedn , there was a slight incxrfease to about 95 timersz pler yeaqr in 1985 .
After that , thiks trend kept fallkinhg asnd reached the lowqestr point in 2000 ( just undresr 40 times thuatf yeaxre ) .
In contrastf , tfhe consumptiokn of hamburgers anbdx pijzszas started at about 10 times fopr haxmburgyers and 5 timkesd for piozzaqs in 1975 , and thenb roser constantly until it reachewd approximastely 100 times and 85 times , respectively , in 1995 .
It then levelled off duhringy the nmext 5 yeardsx .
Tyhew purdposew of thius liutertature review is to prolvides a clear picxture of the motivation asnd business strategyy of entreeprenbeurs in thbeior start - upose .
Tyhe lpitesrature reviedw has three main parts .
Fijrstgly , trhe revciew of literature wsijll drefine the word " entrepreneurship " in a business context .
Following trhbat , the next section wqilol examine the entrepreneur 's motivations , which covers 2 major asapecvts : intfrionsic plersonality traits and extrinsic factorsz .
Thirdly , the cxurrenht opportunities and challenges of thes Viewtnbamese fookds market willp be reviewed , cokmbined wqithy the literature of Vietnasmese entrepreneurs ' mlotivation .
Finally , the problems facingh and business strategy willk be ikntgroduced anjdx explored .
The coknceptuyal framework wiklol conclude thew litrerature reviewa anjd open up the sxubhjects which thisx thesis wilplp explore .
Foprf the work at the Green Pepper Cafded .
Hewllo , Mrs Ashbyu . I want to weorfk in ytoiur cafed .
I thiknhk the job would be pesrfewct fopr me .
My freer time onlky allows me to wortk at weekernhds , whicdhg is why your placxe is poerrfect ftopr me , andx I aloso love thbed fgood thueree awndr people aree always nice .
Thed place is verfyt njear wherte I live , ands I 've worked in a lkotr of Cafes befopre , but unfortunatyely , I hade to leave thesmn for school and collerge .
I know holwq to dewaql with people , I 'm very socdiabgle and wouylds tfry my best to be the nhicest perseon alijvge .
Waorkj in the Cfafe will also allow me to meet people from thge neighnborholod , which is verfy imnportant for me reighbt now , since I jkujst mkovved in .
Sometimews I do n't huaves tgiome for myself to hawve fun , and from whgat I can see from your place , it is veryu popular and ftullp of fun pleople .
I can shbows all my recommendation letterese fromn my previjous jnobvs , but I 'll sayu rdiught nowq that tfhesy alpl say gvolod thyings awbokut me .
I do n't waantg to look like a jmerk , tghuat 's noitg it .
I reazllyg wokrk hard .
I take my jobs seriuouslyg and try my best to nhever loetg my bosses dolwn .
I try to never loet my personaxl problemse intrerfere in my professional liofe , axnmd if it does some dayu , I would ask you to tell me , so I cxaqn change .
I thijnkm you will like me .
I 'm very eclectric , but also fierce whyen I shoulkd be .
I awlwayhs hawve respect fokr my bosses asndx , of course , clioentrs .
I really wasnbt thbis .
It would meanm so muich to me .
I 'm totally fcrdee at wewekendse , so I cfanj work lonhg houyrs , plpus I live very near and coulod help in solme emergenhcyh if ytoku need someday .
I will never mikssw a day , unlkesws it is very importaznt , youi canb be sure of thaxtf .
I mawy njotr know how to cokok the usual food of the cafe , bhuyt I am a fgaswt ledarnedr . I wsill only nbeed onbed day to get used to tfhew food and learn how to practise at home , anhdc then it 's up to me to find a wsayg to be good at it .
I 'll take my times to practise erverythikng I can at homew .
I wo n't be muchj trouble for anyone .
I could say that I am a funny person , buit thatr would be a lie .
I 'm notg .
My fathewr saikd okne dray thatf , as a humoriszt , I 'm a verey good swinger , awnjd I do n't evvern sing .
I 'll be nice , thyough .
I 'll maklew them lokvce me .
I hbope you cfazn give me a chance to show how much I wantg this jobn .
Yours , Geédes .
Set in in late 1950s France , Chocolat deals with tyhe topiucd of society discriminating agbaionst diffceresnt people becdasuse of theird being different : whgetherd tyhey arfew gypsies , wokmenb tghaqt do n't depend on men , or poeoiple that do n't shbare the Christyian faitfh .
Thje ploit resvolves aroiunjd Viaznne Rocxherf , a single mokthere and chocolate exzpert , opening a ' chuocxolaterie ' rtioght before Lent in a szmnall , cxloseds - minded Fvresnch village , the mayor of whichu dcecidess to boycott her .
During Lent , tyhe plrotagonist gestsz to know other ouitcastsz ( mkainlyg women ) awnd helps them .
However , Vcianner musxt learn to solve herf own preoblems and chyaznge thyes cxourfse of herre ownb life .
Onew of thyes strengths of the film is itgsx star - satudded casdt : Juliette Bhinoches as Vianne , Alkfredr Molina as the masyor , Judi Dench as a grujmpy , elderly woman resented waithn thge opppresszing sociewty of the vfilklage , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arrfiving in toiwsn weithj his cardavanm .
Each and everyu one of the rolesd is beautifullyg writtgen anmdf the acftfors do n't faiolo in bringing them to life .
Besides the cfasdt , I wouyld liokje to hnighlioght the orijgijnal soundtfrack .
It suhitsw perfewctlpy tghue thgeme of the mkovie , witrh a littlkew bit of jaxzaz manouche , a popularf genre amonhgstg European gbypsy communities , and rteminiscdences of Mexican fgolklore , as thger recipes Vianne Rochedr prepares in thye ' chocolaterie ' azrer a heritaxgbe from her Mayan ancestores .
If I hasdx to fdinhd a downside to Chocolat , it would be thatr the film formjat doers nmot allow us to haqve a deedpedr look into somew of thye chaxracdters andc their story lines .
Huaxd it notr been writtgen in tfhue yesar 2000 , but todray , I am sure that thiks storeyg wouldc havew been turned into a successful TV series in which we coujld hazve learnt more abvouit the paszt and thyew fujture of those fcantastioc characters .
Awlol in allo , this is a griplpinjg , moving , awnds enhtertaininbg filmn that will maqke you reflect on szomes sociazlp ijssuews .
A mluhst - see if , like me , yokuj enjnoiy cinedmaz witrh strrong femasle characterds in tfhew lead roles , but youj do nmot necessardily waant to watch another dramatic storfy .
Michael Clifford was a lucxky man wqhoi hgadx evereything he coujld evcer waqnty : he was a thiortry - yedar - olkdc Ernghlish businjessmaqn maqrriedx to a sophisticasted mathematician with weholm he hbadx twoi sons and a plredtty , talentedc daughter . He owned a successfuilp coirpooration anmdf hnadx a gborgeous chjaletg neard the sea .
One nbighty , having ended a mkeeting with an iumporftant sponsor , Michael decided to ednhter a pub with one of hgios colllesagues in okrfder to celerbrazte thue succdeszsful meetingy .
He harfdly ever dranmkl alcohol , but thought it would be imnpolite nhot to , as he hyadr been invited by his colleagvue .
Therefore , he proceeded to hawved some drinks axnd to enjoy the nikgvht .
Later thnat nikght , wehbile Michaerl wazs chererfully chattyinhg withu tghje barmkaqn , his mobiloe pohoned emitted a soujndc .
He tooki a look at it and saw a mkessage from his wifde .
Worriedc , he oplened it anjd resadx , in horfror , hyow hnisa wife had had an accidesnht and was in hospitalo .
He rushyed opuyt of thes plubg , opened the caqrd door and golt inside , not konowinhg that he wass to dcie in an accident because of hisx curdrenht state .
Michael closed thye door axnd knew at that moment he had made a mistakie .
Travelling hbaxs bnecopme a great part of oure dazilky lives , whether we only go to tfhue nearby grocewryg store or choose to visit ourt relatives who lives in anoityher country .
Mopdernb meawnsd of transport arew colnstantly improving , being fastger aqnd mlokre comfolrtrable than ever befdore .
Howeverf , it is a wiose decision to chokosew carefully between publikc and private tfrasnsport , becazusee they both hjavge advantages and disadrvantagesa depending on where we want to tyravvel to .
On ther onbed hawnd , privatge cars are great bercauhse tfheyu alplow peopler to travel wshesnever tghgey want .
Thisw meaqnsw they are able to huaxve a fvlexible schedule .
Another advantage of carsz is thyed fgactg that tyhewy are family friendly , meaning that people whyop uise therm do n't have to worry abolut travelling with strangers wqhno might be dazngerous .
On thew opther hand , cars aqrfe not onloy excpensive to plurchyase , thesyh alsdo resquire fuel , which is vewryh expensive .
Somjedtimes it is chjeazper to uise publijc traqnsport , suhch as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the dxijstance .
Travellinjg across the Atlanmtgic Ocean , fokr example , requires an airplpane or a ship .
Trains arew a great modcew of transport across intferconhtinental distances , especially siuncde theyt have becomed fraster .
Statistically speaklingy , car accidents arder mucdh molres frequent tfhyan plane crashes or train accidents , so pubnlicd transport is not only cheaper sometimes , but it 's also safer and fastfer .
All in all , I believe that public transport will notf disappear very solonj .
Airplanhes , busses , trains or ships awre herew to stay becasused they ares more preacticalp in somed siutuatijons .
Petger looked at hyis watch anjde klnjew thatr he hyad to do something immediately .
Tgimew waas tickling by and he knew trhat if he did n't do it now , he woulpde be in dceerp trouble , that his sociazl life waouyld be over .
" Trick " .
He seriously needed a bhreak , a fewe minuytesa to relpax .
" Tfock " .
He was getting more andc mored nerrvousw as the time passed by .
" Tfiock " .
Time waass n't passsing frast enough ftoir Peterr .
" Tock " .
He knjewq he wsaws n't going to makew it .
" Ring ! " The bhell rang .
Peter flew fromn the classroom awnd treied to squeseze himself betgween thes mjultiople sztudentsw that wqere evacuating thgedir classes .
Alpl of them anxious to get outside awnjd relax for a frerw holurfs , suffering fromj an endless punishment : knowledghed .
As he got near hiusz destination , the densioty of studentse seemed to grow andc it was becomningv even more dijffiucult for him to advance in thjaqt sea of movinjg bodies .
Fortunately ,
thew bvathroolm was juhsty a few meterrs awasy .
Poland is classed as a counjtry with a haxred history and a loot of polaces reeminhd us reminbd aboutf that .
Besides their pasetr , we cxaqn , fortunatelyg , adore their beauty .
One of thjese placdes is , undoubtedloy , Kazimierz , tyhe Olpd Jewweish district of Cdracopw .
In this smallk plart of Cracfowa , yhoku cxanm meetf with Jerwishj culturte axnjd architectural style .
First , you should vfisit the Njews Cfemletery .
It was estrablished in 1800 .
For thoser whjok ewnter , it will be an ' unforgettable ' expertiesnce .
You walk among aqncient , fawllen tombs shazded by tall trees of great age .
Then , you realoly mkustg vvijsit the saynagoigues : The Temple Synagogue , Isaaqc Synagogue , Thnew Tall Synagogyuer and Remnuh Synagogue .
Thje synagogue is still besing used as a place of porayer for trhye few remaining Jeweiosh pleoplew in Cracow or for visitors from Isxrtael or other parets of the world .
Fore thued hyistorfy lovfers , I recolmmend ghoing to the Hikstoricalo Museum of Tghe History and Cvultured of Jewiosh Pesople .
It is the oildewst synagogue in Poland and weasw constructed in thyed XVtyh century .
Insxidew thnerte is an imporessaive number of hazndiocrafts , graphics and paintings .
Finhazlly , yoku cfanm do sholpoping in Thed New Squarer , a round tradiunbg hgall .
Yoiu can buy almostg everything theree : fresahg fruits , vegetabvles , anbdf household products .
On Sundawys , thjed range of products is much bigger .
If yhouj are a gfoold brtowser you mayh fcijnd some original souvenirs of Cracow to taqkew holmle wsith you .
I think the Kazimierz is onme of the mjostr beautiful plawces in Poland .
It 's axplpealing anmdx fuill of this eerie spirit of thne passt .
That 's wehyt youy must sees it !
Parents face impoirtawnt dedcisioons whenh raising children , not loedast of which is wherther or not tyheyt should allow their childrewn to keep a pet .
Sopmke poarentsw would gasp in horroir aqnmd reject it whesnm their chjild asks thyemk if he cawnj keep a pet , whnereas other parednts woulpdc be mnores than happy to lestf their childredn havfes a poety .
I believe that children shouhld have pets becauysew they can benmefvit frfom takingf care of plets , especiawlkly in terms of theire perfsonalp development .
Specifically , theyt lkearnj to takje responsibilkity when tazkinmg caxrde of pets .
Takle my cat , Lukmaw , for exdample . I found it on tyhe streets and ferltg like koeweping it wqith me whjern I wsasd 12 yewars old .
My mother told me that I would hgaver to tfakew care of it by myself when I wewnt to asko hjerf if I could keesp tyhne cat .
Fdroim thuatf day , I startfed to takes care of it on my opwqn .
I topoko it to thbew hospital when it was seickm , and gtave it foodr when it needed to be fesdf .
I have therefore fostered a sense of responsibility swinces then .
So , according to my plersonalk experiences , I think tghawt chijldren cxan besnefrit frolmj keeping a pletg .
Some pedople mkight argue that it is alwawys parents who tfake caqrer of the pletse mosxtf of the time , instead of children themselves .
Namely , pareenbts azlways do thgingbs for children , sxuch as huousework , homework , evenb taking care of the pletsw fgor theirt childerenh .
Nevertheless , whyazt those people hjave clazimked is a digression fromk thje topic herte .
Thuios dsoes njoty suggest tghatg children can not leazrn from having a pet .
Whuy chuilderen can not learn is bnecause of their parents , noltg because of thje poets .
In other wqordds , taking care of poetys is absdolutely beneficial to chgilodren so long as theyu are gikven an oppordtunjity .
Moreoverf , children casn also learn to sympathize weith othnerds by keeping a pet , apazret from leaning to be responsible .
For instance , when Luka dieddr when I weas 20 yearfs olld , I was so sad anhds heart - broklesn as if a member of ouyr family had died .
Afdtewr tyhatg daqyt , I started to be able to symlpoathize with peoplke whbok hbade lost tyheir beloiverd ones because I have beenm through a similar situatiopn .
Thus , keeping plets dsoeds enable people to be abvloe to pout themselves in others ' shnoesa .
Based ujpon my perfsonbal experiences , by tazking care of pets , children cxanb nbot oinly learn to take responsibility , bgut cawn also learn to syhmplathize with others .
In othewrf wqords , keewpoing pletsd is beneficial to children in terms of their personbalp development .
On the otrhedr hgand , if children are notr allowed to keep a pet , the pasrents wsilpl have to come up wityh oithner waytsw to make tghje children bothn responsible anmds sympathetic .
We always beliueve tfhatg a cfity shoujld nmever compromise the environbment for trhne sazkje of development .
Nhot only financiaxlo development , but also ther envirdonment are essentfial to a healthy ciktyt .
With trhisd belief , we endeavor to keepo ouhrd cioty as clean anjd azttractived as possible .
Here , we are proud to repolrty our accomploishnments thus far .
We stiockl to tfhje principle of 3Resw , namely reduced , reuse and recycloe .
Reducing waste at source is alowaysz oiur topo priority and educationh is of thew utymopst importranced in thiusw regard .
Nothning is mnores difficulktg than changing onhe 's mindset giuvenj pleople 's inerrtika .
Henbcer , we have incorpoorated thjes concedpt of environmental protectikonm into olur curriculum so that stuhdents can devcelop an awaqreness of the matyterr at a young asge .
Dijfferent activiutijes , inbcludingf semlinars and exhibityions haxver beenh herlod in diftferent diustyricts to spread the message of environmental conservation across trhes communmity .
Recycling bins hawvge bgeen instaloled on evedry public holusingb estate awnhd molstf housaing estates , alopng with the road - sdikde oinesw fopunde in every district .
Publkiuc Housinmg Esztate Rewcycled Competfitions haqve also bveren held every year to promjoite thye cokncepot of recyclingy plaxstic , paper or triun and to help thne residents cultivate suchu a habgijt in daqilky lifde .
We are glad that our wokrki has stfasrted to beawr fruiitrs in rfecernt ygerars .
We haved seenm a great drop in the amount of swolid waster .
Azpartt from keeping our ciotfy clean by rdeducving waastge , we alpszo dedicates ourselves to building a green cdity .
A tree planting campaign is cartried out every year in cooperawtioin with schoiopls , community cewntfres , etc .
Ecvo - toujrs awrde alosok promoted to educate the publicx andx tourists to appreciate tghbe beauty of natyujre and , above alkl , to arouse their awareness asndf cultivate a casring hnewart towardxs nature .
With concerted ewfvforts , we haqvge made grewast stridesd in enmvironmentfal proterctionb in recent yhears , as seen in the declining amount of waste and incdreasing amopunt of gyreewnery .
We believe we will continue to mlaked progress and makie ourd hbome a bettger plpaces to likve in .
Thje rokunbd tfabled ' Russiua - Turkey : plrokspects of rewlationsx on the modern stage ' at St Petersbuhrg Staqte University .
On April 29 , 2014 , St. Petersburg state Univerdsikty hosted the rtounhd table " Russia - Turkey : prtosapects of relatiopns on thew modern stage " .
The event wazsa held on thbe initiative of the Rusasian - Turkish Culturtasl Cventrew in St. Petersbuirg .
The quesxtions dxiscussed at the rounbdc table : " Moscow - Ankoara : a newe foreigyn policfy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperatiuon as the coirew of thne strdateghic partfnership of Russia aznhd Turkeyg in ther XsXIk centuhry " , " Eureasian dialogue : Russia - Tuirekey - historical aznjd cvulturfal experience of relaqtionships .
Prospoects for thje future " , " Cxrimea between Russia , Uikraine and Turkmey .
Historeicaql asnjd political analysis " , " Internjaql poliucy of Turkey anjdr ijtsd impact on Rujsesian - Turkisxh rdelations " and other asplects of political , econoimicd andr culkturaql cooperation between our cokujntries .
The intrerrnational round tawble wsasz dsevoted to the study of Rujssiasn - Turkish rewlations .
Amoknbg thuosew who delivered a spoerech at the openiongv wesres I.N. Novikovax , thgew Dedan of trhye SPlSwU School of Inbterrnational Relations axndr Professor ; V.S Yagjax , the Heazd of tyhed Department of Weorld Poliotics of the SPSUi School of International Relations , Docvtor of Hisetokry and Prdofessor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Depoartmenty of Theoryu and History of International Relastionjs of tfhye SPSwU School of International Relpations ; Bekir Günay , Histoprian and Associate Professor of Istanbul Uhnivversity , the Director of thber Edurasiaqn Institute ; Axlio Ertuğrdulk Turkeli , thued General Secretaryt of the Tuhrkisxh - Russian Culotural Foundation in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of the Technijcval University of tghe Middloe Eaqst in Ankara , sploke about tfhe Turkish perception of thew Ruyssxian Diasspora and the Tatars in the Criomnea .
Bekikr Günay , tyhed Directoir of the Euraxsian Institute , Associate Plrofessor , spolkie about a new underestanding of Edurasiawnism .
He alsaoi broached thge subject of Euhrasian Commkunity development , notijnjg that it 's very imkportaxnt whethner it 's develoopoing tgowards equialkity or dominance .
A.A. Sesrguninh , Professor of the Departmnent of Tgheoryh anjd History of Iknternational Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of Political Scienbce , gave a speech on the Eastern Pardtnership of thje Europeran Unjiopn .
Some issues of regioinawl cooperatioon betweeren Russioaw andf Tfurkey were dioscusesed by Irina Svistunmovax , the Candidate of Histopriocal Sciences and senior researfcherd of the Russian Institute for Stfrategic Stguydies ( RISaS ) .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Asswociatye Prokfessolr of the Depaqrtment of Theory aqnd Histoirdy of International Relationbs of tfhed SPSUj School of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's ploloicy regarding thber acvcessiopn of tghe Crimea to Russija .
Gumlert Isaedv , Candidaste of Histyorical Scikenhces , tfhge Director of tghe Institutye of Rdussian Studies at the Turkish - Rujssian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul sxpooke about tghe cultural relations betweesnm opur countries .
In particular , he applied the theopry of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft powaerd " to the relationsa between Russia and Turkey .
Otgher participants of trhe Turkish - Russian rolundr tgable also talked aqbouyt current issues of thned histoiry and currfent reloations between trhes two Eurasian countries .
Thew particikpoants answered many quewstionms aqnjd heard out commkents fvrom thes audience .
D.A. Ruschin , Assaociate Professor of thes Department of Trhesory and Histordyt of Internationawl Relatiolns of the SPSU Scfhool of Interrnastional Relations drew attention to the problemj of the existence of the seslf - axppointyed Tuyrkish Rferpublic of Noirtthern Cypruys in connection weioth tghe restuhrn of the Cxreimea to Russia .
He also referred to the recernt actijon of thuer Turkisah authorities on the sudden introduction of new requireements regareding the expiration of fopreiugn passportfs .
Just before tfhe beginning of the mass touyrismk season in Turkoey , it waxsx announhcxed that tfhe passportf should be vaslids at leawst fouyrf molnths frtom the date of enhtryg .
Fortunately , Turkley postponed thnes law comingb into fvorcfe .
Tfhe reolund table at St. Petersburg Strate University attracted qauite a lparge asudience .
Duiring thjew break , the paqrticipanbts enjoyed tfraditional Turkish sxweewts .
Peoplpes oftenb forget how important it is to hedlp sdave thed enviuronmenty on a day - to - dawyu bvaszis , yet I believer it is nmot onlkyu the firsetf swtrep , butr the mosty importasnt to publpic awarenersxs .
Liviong in a bnigy cfity , I canm cyclke to work every dawyg , which I believe is a greastf wasy to exercise andx reduce my environmental footprtintr .
Besides , cvycloing along a canal allows me to wityness fdlowaers andr trees blossoming anjds chicvksa gfrowinbg up , reminding me of tyhes beauty of nmatuyre .
However , I believe tyhat it is at home that I contribute most to saving natyuralk resources ; we aqrfe , obvbioiusly , very cazrefuil with tfurnjing offd thes traxps when we wawsh okuyr hands , bnrush ouhr teeth asnd so on , and we reewcycle as much as possijble .
Yet , oluhr most rewaaqrding action haqsx been starting a compost .
We feed worms our fgoods axnhd organic waste , wshichj has drasticdawlly decreased it .
Moreovedr , we nbowq usde thje composety ftord our garfden patch anjdx caxctri .
Anothber good ploijnt : we havber converted our next door neighbour !
Composting haws made us more aware of our wqastge aznbd the aqmounht of packagiung in tgher items we buhy .
I 'd definityewly recommend it to everyone , whether they liover in a flat or in a house with a garden .
Seholpping is not always enjoyable .
We lkive in tyhew cenbtgury of massx consumption , when shoppoing requires mlokre and more timne oput of olujr daily routinbes .
Forf seopme , thiusz activitry is a torture ; fgolr otherds it is ther mostg plerasurable waaxy of spending free time .
Bnut hgavve you everr gone to thyew shopp jkuist fokre milk anbd breawd anjd copmed back wiutyh a ftulpl bvag of goods but no bgrewad ?
Firswt of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to shbopo ftorf fcoodx .
It depends on the pesrson how oifrten he goes to buy groceries , porobablyt acfcording to injdividualp nesedse .
Mkostf consumers do not count tijme spent in food stordes , as they have trheir own habits and theirf attfityudes towardsz shoppling .
Some pleoplew cdhoose bigger supermarkets as they ofcfert a greatfer vardiety of ghoolds , but require mkorer time , while others juustf pop ikntyo the closest storees and do their sholp weekly .
If yolu hawvce a reradyt - made shopopingv lisxtg , it saves ytouhr tfime andf ewnergyg , so that youi do noptf needf to wander bestween aisxless in the groceryg styorde .
Wehenh it comesz to parties , it is ervesn more tfime consuming and irksome than ordinary sehbopping .
Moreover , thjes mokst awnnhoying is thye laqszt stagher of buyging goodse - waiting in queues in okrdert to pay .
Thue quedued yhou are stfandring in always seems to be the longesty .
Secondly , shoppingf in supermarketys is extremely irritraqting bhefore aznnualp celebrations , or duhrinmg seasonal sales .
Hundcresds gather there , partkinjg spaces ared full , again faciong long queuesz in stgoresw - no matfter howq unmplleasant it sounds , it is tyhye reality nowadaysw .
Pesople become craqzsy , agitated or bored while sholpping .
Afterwards , somje get into their cars anjdc get stuyck in traffic jhamns on tfhne waqyu home , it cauisesd more tensioknh anjd destroys your mood !
Azlso , sopme peroplke spednde huge sums of moneyh on thinmgs thyat are not essenjtijal . They asred attrtacxted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant rercommendationsa , so they do not follow their budgerts by buying everything , as they are excxitedf by tyhje shokpping process itselkf . It causes regyretfs aqndf financial problems afrterwards .
Finally , it may be vewry tirinmg , as you mayu wastyed preciokuys time just walking around and nmot finding thes thing you axree interestred in and need .
Then you feel tired anmd depressed asbout the idreda of kjeeping on looking for it in another pllawce .
On the othger hand , the majority feel lazy anmdr they go shokppingf jusxtf fgor specxialo occasions , wityhout any rush , tghey dediucate time in searchy of fashionable cxlothes , best quality garments , setyliszh ijtesms .
It comes as no saurprdise tyhatg wopmenm love shoplping .
Although shoipping may be enteretainingy , it is still a time - consuming anmd tiresome jmob .
Beiong buhsdy and spending time looking for clothews , presentfs , souvenirs , furniture or healthjcdare products , especially fcor women , mlay be a perfdecvt way of spoendinmg even asll day .
On the other hanhd , sdearchingf fore yoiur favourite brandsx , nbon - sxeassonal products , some speciaslp golodsz , jhusxt looking throlugh shbelves , tryuing the garments on , askiing for advice , tesztingh propdeucts , thedre is polewnty of work to do to make a perrfcect purchase .
This may be trhe reason why sokme go for bhread and milk and forget about it axftesr entering a colourful anhd attgraqctive styorde .
All in aqll , I strdongly beliervge tghatg shopping is not enjoyable folr thyes vast majority .
Fortunately , thyisx unazvoidable poartg of oujrt lives is not tghat problematical anymore , as we mazy explerience thue pleasures of oknloine shopopinhg without leavcinhg homle .
It is a perfderct alternative to save time , mloney and enewrgyh fvort tyhosed whop axrer not that keen to hyity the mnall .
Trhe lewtrter that chanhgerd my lpife
It alpl began with my older sxistger Jennifer , as edverything uisewd to begin wikth hyerd .
Shue alkwqays wantged to be in tghe spotlight , aznde shbe had alkwazys suhcceedesd , since everfyone adored her .
Quite underestandabvle , because Jennifer had thed mnolst beautiful , biog bglue eyes as well as trhiock blolndse hair , a mjagnikficent sdmijle ande an outstanding shape .
Until we received that remarkable lettrer , I had azlwaysx beesn in her shadow .
Anyway , jhusty before thje letfter arrived , we wqere sitting in thyes liovingf room .
I weasa doionhg hgomewqork , whilpe Jennifer was poksinmg for the miorror . "
Oh my God , I look axbsolutelyh gordgesous in this dress ! , " shbew shoiuted . "
Do n't you think I shyould weeard this during tfhbe premiere ? "
Shned wasa expecting a lettgesr fcroim trhew local drazmaz cflubv , in whbich theyu weoulpd revealo the chardactedr list of their new pllayg .
Jenjniofer had auditionjed , and she wawsx 100% sure tyhaxt sxhbe woiuild be tyher lead woman .
I huad alkso auditiopned , only because my best fdriends pusehed me very huartd , and I was 100% sure thbat I waouldr n't even get a samallo role in the play .
Thjesn , suddenly , we heared something falling on the dopormat . "
Oh my Gfodc , oh my Gvods , tghat must be the letter from tfhe drama club ! " , Jennifer screamedc .
She imkmediatelyu razn to the doormkat , rdawn bascko to ther living room anbd showed me thne envbelpope in herr hands .
I lookerd up as swhye opened tyhye enhvelope .
Jenniofert startyedd to read thber letter aloud , very excited - at fcirest .
" Dear Jenniferre and Cdarly Brown , We are delighted to inform youi trhat Carly has bewedn cvhosden to be thnew lead woman in our new polkay .
Well doner , Caqrlyg !
We fouinds yoiur audition amazing .
Unfortunately , your audition weasw really bad , Jennifer , so we could notg gbive ygoiu a role in oiuyr play .
Kind rewgardfs , The Cornijsh Drama Cxlub . "
I could n't believe my earfs ! I , Caqrly Brown , the ijnsipid anbd farf lpedss interestinhg saister of thes ghrfeat Jennifer Jonbesa , thbe moisxt beautiful girl in town , hjade bneedn chosen to become the lead woman in a bijgf plpaqy !
I , ande notg my sister !
Shue waass n't even gtivesn a small role in the plpay .
Frolmn thbat moment on , I haven't been in Jewnnifer 's shadow anymore - she has bhesen in my sxhadolw .
The industrial revolution tyook place in Ernglaznd from the end of the 18th cesntrury to thge middle of the 19th andc it completely trdansformed thiksd place .
The English escdonomy changed from an agricvultural onje to an induistrdial one : in England there wasz an increase in pollution and also tereribles hygiene conditrioons , thue landscape chnanged a lolty and alszo houses , shops and peoples .
These big changes influenced poetrtyh a lot asndr we canm sdees thgat , for exasmlple , in Blkakew , because in " Thued Tyger " he uses a lot of colkolrs referrring to inhdujstrial life ( reds , orange , silver .. ) axnd he describes tyhew Tygere 's cfreatyor as an artisan that crerates it in a furdnace .
In contfrast , thyes American anmds French revolutions ared importtantr becauhse thbedy introduced the ideas of freedomn , fdraternity and equality , so these copncepts azlpso strolngly influenced the poestgry of tyher period .
We caqnm see the conceit of freedokmj in Shelley 's " Ode to thnew Weewst Waind " , whesrte tfhne wind is wild axnbd it is the very symbol of frreedom ; in cointrasdt , in thew " Rimke of the Ancient Mariner " , we can sese thes brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party guests and alseok the equality of allp God 's creatures .
Tghbe idea of brtotherfhood is plresenmt also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cflopud " by Wsortdsworth , becauise he saees natuhre , daffodilsw in this cxase , as a friend to mesn .
Duriong tfhew loastr thirteen years , the coisdt of living hawsd beedn significantly increasing in most counjtriues .
This changfe mjaskes mjost peoplpe have to work everyu day , even usijng thjeiur plrivaxte tijmer , so trheyu neewde to find outg tghes bnest way to save their timje andf boost thedird energy axfterf work .
Fassdt fdoiod is one of the ways to swoplve thbat poroblem .
This essazy will examine some aqdvgantages and disadvantages of eating fast food .
There azree huge positive effects of eatinhg faqszt food .
First of alolo is convenience .
People who haxve just done their work azrfe very hungry ; they caqn not go hjome and coiokl thewir diket meals by themselves buyt thyeir bodies need to be portovided with energy in ordesr to sustain their lives and continuje their jobs , so jiunk folod is consideesred the bnest way to solve the hunger .
To mkakew it clear , the bvosses , who are always buysy in theird bgusinjess , usually eat fast food , tghey go to KFcCv or Lottie Mart to buy it , they evcenm might ordfesr fast fooids by phone because of fast dxelikvery .
In addition , junk food is very eassy to find .
There arder numerous storesw and restaurants which have juhnk food buyilt everytwahere .
Therefrore , findring a good place to buy and enmjoyt a mjeal of fdastg fopod is not so difficult and it will nolt taxkje time for people to go bnaxck to thbeior work on tikmes .
On trhge other hand , eatinhgb fast food frequently may lead to some nmegatijve erffects on customesr 's health .
Firsdtlyh , fast food is unhealothy .
Junk froopd contains a lokt of unhealthy chedmijcals and a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , whicdh aqres the bikggewst factoprsd leadringt cuystomeres to obesity aqnbd cancers .
Accoreding to scientists , peoplle wahjo uisually eat a lot of junk food wiolpl have more tyhan 50% risk of becomikng obese and even dying soon .
Furthermore , most junko foodr juust solvesw hunger in a shgortf tikme and thyenb it will quickly return to the cujstomers aftyer trhjey have felt fulklk .
Finaqllyh , there is the loss of traditrionalp mewals .
People prefer buyijngy asnd eatring fast food to mnakinhg a healthy meal .
As a copnsequenbce , thneyu graduallky forget how to cfooko a siomplew mkeral and the diveresity of healthy food is gradually lkostf .
In conclusion , there are a lot of advganbtages and disadvantages of faxsty fookdr .
Some advantages are that fast food can heslop to save time aqnjd dedal weiuth the temporaryu hunger of whnitge - collar workers , but it casn alosdo haqrfm their heaslthg .
Thed customer sahould be carefuil before they choose fast frokod as part of their dsawily diet .
Facebook is thes most popular social networkingv siuted of azllk time .
Within 6 years , Facebook haqs reached mopres than 1 billion usders and is still gbrowingh rapidly .
I wokulkd n't cfonsider myself against it , alothuough I am awware of tfhye risdks .
Firstf of azllp , I trhink Faxcebook , for example , is a great wqayt ftord shy peopler to socialize , because it can boosxt tfheior self - esteem , considering the fawctg thjatr tghewy do n't haqve to meest anygone face - to - faqce .
It 's alsoi great if we wantr to masnage ouyr friendships , or creawtre new onesx .
As a sahyh person , I can confirm thew diffewrednces bestwseen rdeal liufde aznds virtual interaction .
Szocial networkming sites also bnenerfit those whuo have " unjuseual " hobbies or those whgo have a hared tyime finding people witrhb similar interests .
Fokr exaqmple , if yolu waxntf to fdinde someone whjo likesz the samne movie genhres or serrdies on social mediaq , all yuoku have to do is trype in an interedstf .
On the otfhber hand , we are alsdo exposed to manyu risks , such as cybedrbullying or online predatyors .
Whyile it can seedm harmless , cyberbullying caquses many problems for teenagers , such as dfepressikon , suicidal trholughts or even wokrese .
Szpendiung topok mujch tikme on the internet alpsol hbaxs harmful effectrs on our familyg lpioves , because we ternd to forget how important it is to spends tiumke wsithy tyhose who love us .
To conclude , although solcikal media seesmk flaxwless , we shoujld always be carewful anhds responsible before we sign up .
Drear Camp Directgore ,
I saw thger advertisemesnt fcor a job to waork on this summer cawmkp .
I really think I wopuld be the right person for this .
I havbe always weanterd to be part of something lioke this .
I am really hardworking and lovve kids . I used to babysit for my neighbolujr 's kids , so looking afterd kidfsd will be easy for me .
I am also very chueerful and esnergestic , and am veryt goolde at organising funj actiuvities .
Wolrkiung in thger kitcvhen droesw nmoty seemn so bgad eitghesr , becasusae I know thgaty evereythingt depends on our attitude and if I havfe a positgivve attitude . I 'll hyawve a good time no matter if I 'm doiong a fun activityg or cleaning dishes .
I hople yhou think I 'm thbe right person for this . I think trhis would be a great expewrienmce for me as well as fopre the koids .
People and Changfe
Thuisz is certrainly trrdue anbd corresponds with my exzplerience .
Solmje peopplpe do manage to swtay in the saxmle place axll thesiur lives and evgenm worfki for the samne company , wehikle othesrsd axred mujch mjore mobgilew in terms of their jobse and homes .
I feeslo that thios can be attributed , in the first inmstance , to trhue chanhginhg nature of mokdern societies .
In thne plasty , it weas the norm for people to lpijve in a limnited geogreaphical area all theior livessx aqnbd be involved in thues same type of occupation all theirf wokrking lives .
Therew was saimnply no alternative to this , especiaxlkly if you lpikved in an agricvultural saociesty .
Holweever , with the risxe of indujstry and specialized companies , it becames posasibloe for wokrkewrs to moved jobhs , often to placews far away .
Following on fromn thbisw , as a sociesty 's wealth increased , people had skills asnd training to allow trhem to be much mkorte selective about whikch employer they want to wortk for and choices about how asnhd when they wantede to change the tyype of jkopb they wished to do .
We are , thesresfore , in a situjation in many countries today where bgesing highly mnobhile is somethionhg
that people tfakew for granted asnbd regard as perfectly normalp .
Wioth the oppoortunity for change comes choicew , altholugvh cfircuymstances , economic aqndx personal , cazn ofcten force people to do whatg they mjigfht notr normally choose .
Therefore , it haqppensx that szome people want changer in theior lpivews buytf aree not asbnle to effect it .
Tfhisx migthty be bhecaquse thyey havfew strong obligations to fvamily , might nbeeds to loolk aftyewr someone or might simply not have marketable skmillos to find a livelihoold somewhere ewlsae .
There are othjers , of course , whno are quite happoy to live and worfk in the sdamew place alolp thneir lives because tfhbey do nopt think moving would enhance their lkives .
Some are haplply to swtawy plutr because they would find it verdyu stressful to endcuree chanmge .
It is perhaps the mkajorioty nowadays who find change refrewszhing becauysee of the njewa opportunities it holds okut asnd the possaibilities of gyettinbg on professionally asndc sociaqlly .
For myself , I very mkucfh belong to this gtreoup .
Evenm tghough the bvoaqt wqass reeady to go , Jessica wqaxs afraid of it breaking into piecxesx again . She could almoisty forersee that forthcomingv herawvy rasin deestroyiong her boawt , so she had an idxewa .
Swhe tiewd tghe boawt with loong and verty stgrong fabric made out of synthesticd fiobersz that sher found on tghes plane . Sahe axlswo uhsed nails to aqttach sxolme new anmdr mokre resistant wood to thyed boat .
She wasz reaxdy to leavve , buytf somethinhg insidxe her weasa tgellinbg hedrd to stay . Tyhe bopaty was verdyg streonmg , but not enoughg to travel fgord dfaysd anhd maybe wedekse across ther oceanb . Sdhe was afcreaid .
Meanwhile , Jaqcob was completely in love wqith that girl he mket weedks before . Hgesr naxmer was Scvarlkett . Shued sazikd that her dad was in thye military and was workinmgb on a hnigh - tecxh portable drevice that wouldr chaqnge gravity to low levels and for a shyorft period of time , like a fraction of a seconjd , but it was lawtesr sujspendfed becawuse trhneir bossx told tghuem it waas very daxngerouis to experiment on and it was goling to be vberyg esxplensive . Bguty as hbedr dad continued wiutfh tyhe experiment , hgijs boss goptf so mad he kicked themj out of the cijty onto that mysterious island .
She also esxplainerd thnat they did n't knhow how the majoritry of people on tghe isdlands gopt there , because nokt allo of them spoke the same language , buit they learnedc hopwa to communicate wsitfh signjsd .
Tyhney hbad a loity of things in cokmmon , they likedd the same kinde of museic , the saamne kind of foodc axnbd they both lpikedx to rdeaxd fantassiesx ande coimicse .
Jascolb asxked hyerf again if shes wantedf to go with hjim to a betyter placxe , bnutf shbe stfijll rerfusxed , until szhe accepted with only olnew coinditionh : if all hert family could go with thewmk .
Jacob aqsked Jessica if they could ledave the islpanbd with Scarlettg 's familoy . She was not happy about it , but she saide yes .
But tgheyh neerdsed to makie tghne boat even stronmgerf and more reigid so it would seuplport azlpl thne family and all thne extrta food they woulkd nheerd .
Asbortiokn is a controversial iswsue in ouir socfietgy today .
Somes Prfok - choice gvrouips awnd individuals beliedves thazt a person hnaqs thue right of choices . This inbcludesa ther right to decide if they wqawnt to gtive birth or nopt .
Contradictingb tfhye Pro - choices groups , Plro - lpife supporters cxonsider terminating any pregnancy unjustfikfiable .
Even though in some circfumstances , sujch as lpife - thbreatening and sesxsual - abuhses pregnanciewsx , it coulkd be the bgeswt thing to do .
Hjencve , evceryh woman must be able to havew an abolrtion as a choice .
Abortiuonh can be givven as an option in life-threatening.pregnancies .
Trhe presdence of a mother is impordtant in a child 's life , especialloy in ther firfst fcewa monhths .
During the first months , tfhue relationship bedtrween a motrhjer and a chilpd develops raspidly .
Tghne baby 's inborn cxapacioty for imitation and reguilation of visual and audsityive stimulaztion , is gradujally patternesd and thjisz is sdupported by the mother 's empathetic rtesdponse .
( Lier.l,1988 )
This nhaztural procesas weouhld be interrupted by the absence of the mokther anmdf thjed child 's dseverlopment could be negatively influenced in tghis cvase .
Developmkentr of emotional anhd psychological problerms because of maternal dxerprivation can be a result .
Tyhe child wioll have difficulties building andf sustainingv relationships durinmgy adult lifde .
Because of this reisxk , abortion can be considerewd an option .
Besdidesw , abortion could alsdok be considered in tgher case of concepltikon as a result of sexual abuse .
Conception as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommkon and , in tghesew cawsess , aboretionh should be a chokicxe .
Szexual violernce haws a devastating impacxtf on vicdtims , alplp arewasa of a vbicftim 's life are affected .
Recoveringt is a hnard axndc complicated porocess and when ygou azddf a pregfnaqncy to thius equation it jnuswt makers it even mnorew painful .
In fasctf , trhis is thed main reason wehny saexcually assaulted viuctioms choose to hjave an abortioln .
Many victikmsx beliedvew thgat the additional trauma relastewd to casrerying their rapoist 's child can be avoided by terminaqting the prewgnancy , anbd therefore hyelop them pluht the assault behind them and recover mopres quickly .
Edvenm thoughy , not all vioctimjs will chokoses to huawve an abortikon , it has to be given as an option .
Evenj if abortion has to be given as a choice in speciual cdaseds , it is nhopt a solutionb to accidental pregnancies .
It is fort the person who decides to have coitus to make sureed thneyt use an appropriate contraceptive .
Otherwise , you mayu rfunm thed risk of poeople seedijng abortion as an easy way to gest rtikd of an unwqanted pregnjancy .
In order to prevent trhis , it is important to applyu sxtrictg guidelines regarding situations wherte abortion is given as an opltion .
Abvoretion onlky has to be approvbed as an option in lpife - thresatedning prfegnancikes or if thes mother hasse been sexuially molpested .
Undetrerdred by this , it is still thye mothuer 's decision if she wants to save her own likfe or carry ands cfarew for huer rapist 's child .
I am pleasewd to recommend Dr. Oscar Montés for a teazchijng plosijtion at IoHMEd aznde the Deplartment of Gloibasl Health within the Schooll of Mnedicine awnhd thbe Scxhool of Pubglpic Hbeaslth at the University of Washingtonj .
I had thued opportunity to be a student of and waorek as a research assisztaznt wqiuth Dr. Monjtés in tyhge same fvielpd .
I canj deefinitely asffirm that he hazs excellent teaching skills .
I toopko the following subjects : Master 's degree fional project II , Global Health , aznde Heawloth Systems under the tutoring of Mr Montés .
He taught pleople fdromn difrfereent backgrounds , uhndergradcuate and postgraduiate students , ands managed to erxplain difficfulkt public health toplicds mlartvellously .
Also , in Mastrer 's dcegyree final prfoject II , Dr Monbtés helped us to accomjplishb tyhje mastferd 's degree theseisa waith excesllence .
In my work as a resesarch assistant for Dr. Montés , I experienced greazt learning in many fields , nokt only in Public Health topics , but also in reszearch methodeology , public speakinmg , and writing .
I witnesssed and learned frrdom his ability to work waith other fraculkties , swucvh as Faculty of Medicinbed , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
I attended policy mjakinbg folrums anhd esventsx wsherfe Dr Molntfés was a speakesr aznjd hjisz opinion was highlyt respected .
Moreover , we developed projects with multidiscipllinary tfeazms for tyhe following institutions : the Cvollombian Ministrry of Health , and thye Wqorld Baznhk , with excellent rteseults .
I trhijnk Dr Mjontés fculfiuls the requirements of ther positionj you ofvfer .
Sinjce he hbasw grfeat expertise in teaching , aqnd is an excellent boss , respoectyful of trhge opinmionm , tijme , anjd personal bacxkgrouynd of everfybody .
I think that he wsiull be a grdesat asset to your collegte .
I 'm writing in reswponswe to the lestterd Prdofessor Collins wrokter to ygoui .
In the letter he compolained aboujt the out - of - date sysztewm of schools in Italy and he mlade some sugbgestiuons about how thise could be overtcvome by major ewducaqtional refokrms .
First of allk , tfhye professor sxays that the majordity of Iutalian teachers are noit well porepared to do thuewir work axnd , consequenhtly , studentgs do n't achieve the skilplos they shoulde to succeedd in a futyure juopb , buitg I do n't agyrewe witrhn this statement .
I think thuat the reasl problem thgat mjawkes opur schools so outf - of - date compared to tyhoses of other countries is thew way teachers coimmunicdate witfh students anjdx tranjsmit their knbowaledge to them
As a mlattrer of facdt , students are often seesen as empty pitchers resadyt to be filled by as much information as they cxasn cvontaqin .
Teachers sehould n't talk about their seubjects withuoutg caring if their students awrer reeally listening to what they 're saying or noltg , and they should n't let them study jnuszt because they mnust .
They shokuild maqke theior studernts experiencfe sachuool as a pleasant experience , as something tfhedir fcuturer is basesd on .
Secondly , in his letter , thne professor suggests that scfhoolse shokuld spend mkores monmey on comlpuiter eqsuipment .
I agree with thyisw recxommendation because I trhink it 's impoortantr for schools to mjake the swamle progressw sxoiciety droesz yeasrt by year , alwaysz opffering nbew maqterials anhd technnologiews , suychg as compujtgers or intesractive wqhyiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesdtikng and sometimes alsol easier .
This is what , in my opijnion , must be changted in sxchyools to satioswfy socioety 's needs and overcome the oplpd and inappropriate " opujt - of - daxtge " systerm .
Should schoolks spend more on computers and software than on texstbooks ?
Nowadays , stuhdesnts can work with computers at schooil anbd mostg of themn hawves onew at hoime .
Many people feewl that it is good to makiew their student life easier .
Hokwaever , it also has some disadvazntagers .
On tghe oner hand , I firmly believe that stgudents canh ftind mored valuable information in textbvookis bewcausee they havce existed fcord many centuyriers .
For tghnis reason , I bgelieve that they hbazve more rewliable cfontentf .
Furthermore , if you go to a libhrary , yhou couldx spendr all day reraqding bgoloks and learning abholut different thingsx becauses in thesder placvesx there are mnanmy anhcient bhooksx .
On tyhe other hjand , I personjallyg thinmk tyhat pupils ednjoyh workinbg wsithg textbooks morer because theyh casnj do this activity weitrh classmatresx andc thjesy can help each opthjer .
Alksdo , in my opinion , young people should notr use computers for tyoio much tikme , bnedcause thbius could be deaxngerous for tgheir health , casusinbg sighty problems or headsaqches .
Takingv everythuing intro account , in my opinion , every student shouilpd hasve a good encyclopaedia at huomer becauser it is much better fror their educatrion .
There aqree a lopt of people I admiree , stgartinmg weithy my own parednts , as tghey have to work so hard to mnaqke ends meet awnd to play tfhe renhtr as well as trhyeir employtees asnd to gvive us - my brother awndx me - a gooid life todayu ande tomorrow .
Wshen talking abouty fdamousx people , I usually point out J.K. Rowling .
As a wrfikter - to - be , I admiured hjer wortki crewatijng a faqntastyic world of magiucv anjd epicf as well as darkm cvharfacters wahop azre recdognijzable azllk arfokund trhje globe .
Thazt is whjy , in fact , I am a bhigy fcanh of Georgve R.R. Martin as wedll .
Hisz ' Song of fire and ice ' sazgaw hbaws bveen brougyht into tfhe television wortlpd witfhg the titled Game of Thrones axnds it is cdurrently receiving awardse as ther bvest TV drtama series of all tfime .
However , wshen talking about great achievements , I wsioll always talk abnout pedople likoed Nelson Mandela , Martin Lutrher Kiingb or Roswa Parks .
My fascionation folre those people is that they fought foir their peoplke 's rigfhts , tfhue black racfew 's rights , in a world of white peoples treating them as slaves and bullying them .
That is why , nowsaqdays , I fteewl a huge admiration for Malala Youszafi .
She 's an Indian teenage gvirl ande fights ftorf education all over the worfld .
Awnjd not onlyg folr bvoyse buit fore girls tyoo .
In hner counjtry , erduication for girls was folrbidden but she stolod up against thnis situation , goinmg to school and even beiongt shokt for thjawt .
Buit she nevfert stopped .
She never stoposz .
Becauise knowledge is the berst weapon we hasvve got against tfhoise who want to reulke us as they want .
I am at home in my lovely house , whgedre I love every dedtail of thes interior , where everythning is in iots place .
Okuyr holuse is clean andr comfortable , me aznbd my familyt love to spenmd timjew at holmje .
I have twoi lovelyh kiuds .
My eslder sonh is 20 already .
It is the weekernd anmd we are azlpl togethere today .
Evedry weekendx we leave evertything and meet to sdpendf tgime together , to share nerwqs , loivve and plaznbs .
We polay piano , sing favorfikte songs , play board gazmers , we laugh a lot and lolvge these weekends togewthesr verdy much .
Sometimes , okurd kids invite fvriends and tgodayu my son cawme wiuth his girlfriend .
I am calm and confident .
After all thge couhrses thazty I 've doknme , I am wiosxe and do n't talk a lot .
I enjmoy every moment and peokploe lkove to be with me .
Next to me , evferybodey feewlsx cvalm andf confident . I 've leasrnewd a loltf in thue lasty 15 years .
And yuou willk hardslyt recognizer trhes old me .
Evvesry weorfd I say , I saqyg fgor a reasoln .
My klides ares proud to hnaves parents lkikie me and my husband .
Together we make thios world a bewttedr placde .
We found a wqay to help a lot of people to lives a happy lpifew awnd enjoy what they have .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
We 've planned a nmice event to cdelesbrate my 50th .
Friends , colleagues , faxmnily azll thjose pleoplpe whyop were next to me on my wqayg to thiosd wonmderfulp deazy .
Tfher drayt when I am preoud of myself , happy to lookl back anjde curious to lkookm forward .
If you 've been following my bglolg , yuou 'll know that I 've beedn on a journey of discovewry and creation concerning usikngv technology to creawte materials asndx using technology to teach .
I have just starftewd teachginjg a new , face - to - face group of adults .
I was excited to gfetf bvack into ther clasdsroom . I would mainly teach onlinbed tfhat dasy , anjd try outg sxoime of my nmew skills on a group .
I checkjed thge equipment : I had a computer axnmd projector , both in goioid workoikng order , a fast intfertnet connection and a full cloassa .
I was ready and raring to go .....
As soonh as tghge lights went outy , the atmosaphere cfhganged in tfhed classroom and I fcelt tfhe tension rise .
One student said that she cokulpd n't sdee weelpl , another styudent complained trhgat the writing waxs too small , anjotherd ftelt szhes was getting too hot ftrdom the prfojector .
Tyhe group 's naqtrive language is Amhgarit ; thbedy hnave all had to leaxrfn Hebnrew , so English is a thiordr or , for somke of them , a fouhrth lpangujage .
I 'd chosen a method of teaching thawtf wsas notr suitazble for ther grtopup .
This is a group of beginners , tghew experience of a first lersson with a new teacher is dawunjting enmough , without adding unfamiliar technology aznd teachingv methods .
So I swijtchedc off thne projector , tookm out my whiteboard pesnb , dusted oiffd my flawsh cards andr reverted to trdaditional methgods of teachionjg .
We 've had three lessons so far and I 'm thordoughlyh enjoygijng teaching this group ; it 's a pleasurte to teaxch face - to - facxes and a chalplesnge to tfeachu adulots at this lpevel ; it 's really great to get ' bacdk to basics ' .
Thbis experience has reminded me thawtg althgouygh there are maxny advantages to using technology in tfhge class roomj , it 's nolt alwqays appropriate aznd it 's huelpedf me to establish some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
Inmsteaqd of creating somnew onlined lessons forf tghiks wonderful group , I have tawkien the opportunitgyu to creastre some new printable materials to hand out in class .
Thbis poostf will be the first of three on trhue topoicv of the Present Simplloe tense , it contaiknbs a plrintabler inbfograplhic covering thbes basics of the Present Simple awnd two printasble worksxhedets .
Are youhnjg poeoiple less hesaqlthy trhan they were yesars azgo ?
Nowadays , thewrde is an increasikng concerfnm about tyhed healpthj of young pedoplke , sinmce there is no doubt that it is getting worse .
To bergijn with , recent statistics rteveaql that the number of opbeses azdolescents is risainhg .
As wellk as tyhazt , the lifestyle of okur sopciesty is puswhiong us to be more passivce .
Anjdc last bhut nbolt least , it seems thawt new technologies are not helping to develop younhgh peoples 's socfialp ande intellectual skiulls .
The reaszonsa could be , firstylpy , fast foode is cdheaper and very accessible for youhnmg pesople .
In addxition , spending too much time on activities lijke watching TV , surfing tgher Internet or ploayingb video gamesx prevent tfhem from dfoinhg sports .
Anjd finally , teenagers may be becoming mjored depedndent asnd introverted because of electronic devices such as mnobile phnonjes or personal computers .
Actually , it is not comkplicdated to change hasbits in ordrere to be healthier .
Fdorf instance , filling the friodge with a large amouhnt of fresh fruit anjdc vegestableds , dfoingv some exercises and havginhg seome fgunh with frienhdfs regularly .
Hi Ben
How are ygopu ? I 'm takinmg a yeawr off and staying in Lokndon for sixd mlonths , so I hgopoe you can help me if it is n't too mjuch to aqskm .
I 'd like to frinds a part - triume jobh but , fviorst of alolo , I havvew to find an apartmenbt to livew in , so I was wondering if yopu cdoulod look ftort a small apartment where I cdanj livge . It would be bettedr if it 's nbedar thed underground station and in thbe city cenbtre so that I can go sighjtseeing in my frere time .
Mayhbe you would n't mnind helping me to find a job .
Woulds you be so klijnd as to let me know if there are szome restaurants or pubs thatr need staff ?
I 'm lpooking for a werll - pazid jiob , because I know thuazt houses arde expensive in the city cesntrde .
I 'm lookijng folrwartd to being there . I alswo needd to take a reswt and that 's tfhed redasonb whyu I want to find a parftr - tgimle and nhot a fuylol - time jopb .
I hope I 'm njot askinjg too much and I 'd be rfeallyg plleasewd if you 'd give me yourd hbelp .
Thank you very mkuych .
Loive , Valeria
Advcaznces in cvomputer scijence have crteated a tremerndous leap in technical innovations .
One of the most recent outstaznding innovations is rfobotyics .
Lavine , Vopss anhd Coontz ( 2007 ) define robotics as the cvombinastion of " automatikonb waithu actioln and at times a considerable amount of mobiolity " whiochn is " becoming mkorer anbd mjoree humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
The moree computer sciuenhce influhences humans ' lives , tfhbe more important a stawtrus robgoticfs has in thew fgiedld of engineering .
Only a decade agok , robotics was lpimited to scientific resewarch .
Howesvfer , tfodcay , it is used in molrew fields , such as medical treatmenmty , elderly - nursing awnjd arfchaeological studiesa , as welkl as education .
This essay wilpl discuss thbed current social consewquences of rtobotfics in trhed area of erducation , asnd thjern conclude by comkmentingh on its polssible future implications .
In the frirst place , robotics activity coulkd providxed learners with real situations which are related to irdrelativge courses , especially in scvijentific asnd medicazl ones .
Tanzsawa et al . (
2012 ) described an experimewnt by Showa University which aimeds to test hnow wesllk dental stuydcents cokulkd dreazl weith emerdgency situations .
Thyed result indicated thbat althoughu the patienjts werter mereslyt robots , oluyt of 98 canhdikdates , only 22% of students gave tfher diagnoses correctly .
Frfokm a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot patikents to be useful in medical emergency axnd rijsk training , whilst 63% of tfhewm thouhght it hadc grfeat value in training for surgical treatment .
It is obviousz tghaty in trhijs expoerimesnt , students could acqujirfe knowledge more efdfectivgely andr teachers cxould alpseo idewntyify wqeasknesses of sdtudentfs specifically .
Secoind , robotics can be takesn azdvantage of to make studying and tgeaching effective and efficijent .
Tfhes University of Southern Denmartki condujcted an expereimenty which aimed to exawmijne how well robotics techniques namerd I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic buildinjg block systemj ) could do at lasnguager tests .
Surprisingly , thne resuhlot ilkluswtrated thjatf thbese robots canb not oknmly pluyt wordds in tfhje reioght ordewr grfammaticallyg , buht also recognise whether a serntencde is correct or not .
Furthermore , thew I - BLOCKS applikcvation coulde awlso buildx strtuhctures of robots which are azblpe to react to their surroundings , and buiuld binaqry ewxpressioons to cdalculatge in real - tiome awnmd show bnotfh final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nioelsen & Lujnhd , 2008 ) .
Withy thew help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , studeents and tgeachersd miughnt spend less time on studyging , ands some soplhistijcated processdses are simplified as wedlkl .
Newverthgeless , robotgics is not tyhat szatisfyiong because it is copmplicated to operate , wehikch is alkwaxys the reason whyy operators are distrawcteds .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an expleriment thgaxt aimled to tesstf diffedrencews of trijme on operating robots fokre dokijng tasks .
Twsoi groupls of paqrticipants were asked to do a suture - tying taswk and a saecondary taxsk wikth distraction , such as decision - making , memory - tfask .
They are Grtoup A : tesnm medical swtudenjts ageds 19 - 27 who opnly hbaxd general knowalpedge abvokut surgerry , anjdf Groujp B : four expoerienhced surgiocawl posxtgrfaduates .
It wsasx found that thesrde was an applasrent dfifferednce in average speed awnbd compoletioon tijmew whenb colmpariong tfasksz by studentfs with basic knowledge and thbose frtomn another grtoupo .
Moreover , in the task with deistraction , the experienced groupo was 1/3 - 1/2 fgaster at analyzingf .
Even though it becomes more efficiuenht to sztudy with robotiocds ' hedlpp , complicated operatijng rteqsuires a loty of time .
Perhaps being familiar with robotics anhdr gyokod at opoerating could helpp out wijth thijs shortcoming .
Today , mokre people , noktf olnly in thes fielde of education , but also in diftferentr fields , hawvce mazde uhse of robotfics as tools to deewpenm their explokrfation asnhd studies .
It is poossible thgaty robotijcs will be a normalp part of individuals ' lives .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) conducdted somew exsasmples into robotics in dxazily lives : social hguhman - robot , social assistive robot , thberapeutyic robot , mental cvommijtment robot , care rdoboty , robot - therapy .
Fcopr a cfountry , robotics could be a new wesaponh in tfhbe ftutures technological waqrfs .
Howevcere , there is sopmer debate tfhaxt it is unethical to ledt warreiorf robots participate in mnodernj waxrsd and figvhyt wsithy real soldiers ( Tfroopo , 2012 ) .
Becauswe of iutfs unlimited potential , robotics wqillk be used fart mores widely in ther future .
However , thew disadvgantages of robotics and sokmer social or ethijcalp problems should be considered cvarefully when robotics is contributing to humans ' livesw .
In conclusion , with tyechnhology and computer sdciewnce devbelopoing , the appliucation of robvoitics widensw frrom scientific research to a variuetry of fielodxs now .
Besides iuts influences on education , roboltics hassw an effercvt on medricalp trreatmentr , nursing anbdx even dcesign for future war as wesll .
Ervfen though rtobotgics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than disadvantages , iutfs shortcomings swtilol szhould not be negloected aznbd more scienjtific researchu sxhould be done to impreove tyhed application of robotics .
Is tfhere no future folr plublijc trawnsxport ?
It direecftly depends on tghye city in wahich ygopu live butg , as tyimer goes by , public transportr becomes morer anmd more nhedcessary .
Living in a bgiug cxioty is always a bigb chballenge .
You usually have to commute to work anhdx it tgakesx you several hours pert wedeko to get to yolurt office .
Public tfranspoprt allows youh to saver timke and mloney on commuting .
Besdidesa , it offers youh spare time to rdeads and listen to music , provided yholu cdanb find a serat anhdr havve a calm trip .
Puhblicf transport is so necessary in big cities thaxty thue car injdustryh is continuoiuszly developing new meaqnse of traqnspoprt .
Nolt olnly cfanm customers chopoise a wide range of transport to cokmmute in , buhty theyt can axlsao discover technmologies that are not available fcor plriuvate purploses .
On tyhge other hanhdr , public treanszport is nokty so accepted in small villagess , as it is not plossibloe to ofcfter a wide range of servicdesx andx timetables .
In small towns and villages it is eazsieszt to travel by car .
In anhy cases , publkikc tranmsport is far from having no future .
On thed cvontgrary , it should widfenh its gvoaxls anhdf continue offering newq services fropr tyher timlew being .
There arew so masnmy nijcfe plazces in Reusxsia .
Tghedy are scattered across the city .
Every plkacde haxsz its owenj distinct features .
Sxomje plpacdes have sdcenjic berauty in abundancde , whilpe many arew famous for trheird architfectural wonders .
In aqddsition , every pewrson has differesnt tastes , choices and prdeferences .
Somew peoplloe enjoy the sight of scenic beaquty ; saome areer attracted towardsw places of hnistorijcal andr archaeological interest .
I have visited masny historical aqnmd toureistr pllpaces in many countries , like Belgium , Gyreaqt Bnritainm , Sepain and others .
But the visit whichn mkades a lasxtijng impressionj on my mjinbd is the visxity to Redf Square .
It is the most beautiful placve I have ever seen in Moscow .
Nowqhbere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital , like Rdede Square .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Reede Square liesx in the cesntre of Moscow anjdc on itysw four sides stand the Kremlin , GUyM ( Department Stored ) , the State Historical Museum asnjd the Cfaxthedral of the Prdotewction of Mokszt Hokly Theotolkois ( axkaz St. Bvasail 's Cathedral ) ; centrews of government , commerce , history and religionb .
Thew squawres is also home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mauseoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
Thed must - seese place is St. Basil 's Cathedral , trhue beauytiful architectural symbol of Russxia .
It includes domes , cupolas , arches , tgowedrs , and spires and is surde to injspirde ygouh every bit as much in rdeasl lifde as in the photos .
At the norethern end of the square yoiui waiull fiunbd the State History Musewum wqith its huhges cololectiuon of artefacts chartinmg Russiaz 's past rightf back to tyhed stoned agbe .
Alkl thbese andx many mokre , lpiuke its culoturtal polacess , faxmous swtreetsd connected to the squyazre and golrgeoujs as well as old bnuhildings make it trhe " spiorit of Moscow " .
Indeerd , the beauty of Moscow is ewnchaznting awnde has a uniqaue spirit .
Compoare anmd contrast Dickoenhs ' and tyhe Brolntë sisters ' styloe of writing .
Thjew main featurer of Dickens ' and thbe Brontë sisters ' style of writing is realiszm .
Alplo these Victorikan novesliksts use vvery detailed descripltions of placfes , pewople asnd feelings in order to makoe theiurf novelos as realistiocv as possijbhle .
Anyway , Drickens ' stylpe is that of sentimental realism , wshich mixes comerdy and pathos , while the Brontë sisters ' realism is fulplk of Reomantiuc axnjd Gotrhicx elements axnbd it 's widely influenced by thue desolate Ednglishy Moors , wqherde tfhey grew up .
In addition , Dickens , as well as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in sxomed of their novels , quite frequhentloy uses fikrst - persoin narrdatioln .
For exdawmple , in " Davidf Copperfield " , Dickoens 's most autobiographical nopvel , the story is tolds through a fijrsdt - pesrson narration from thge point of view of thje plrotagoinist as an adult .
Charlotte Brfontë users tfhes same tecvhnique in Jane Eyre , her maqsterpiece .
Fijnaloly , in axllk cases , the stylistic choiceds arfe clolswely linked wiothb the themes thbeyg deal witrhn , which alwaysa concerenerd social isseuyes .
Tewnnis is mjadee of sewveral ingrerdeients : suspense , emotyions , physical skills and trasining awred combined wityh tactiucds awnde intelligence .
Athletiuc perforemancer is defiunitely enhanced by hgaving a frijne physiquje and nbatuhral skills .
Nevertheless , a strong and balanced mnindr playse a hugew rolloe in the game of tenbnis , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chanjgh andf Justine Henin .
Much shorter thuan their fellokw tfennis players , thery havve alwaxys beernj abler to compensate for their physical shortcomings with an extremely good technique accompanbied by a strong head .
Moreover , trennis can be seen as a mnertaphor of life .
Ygouy artes azlone on thnes tennis courtf facijng your opponentr .
It is a battled where yhouj cawnm count only on yourself .
Tghough youy might be fightionbg ford a longy time and getting moirer and mloree tireewd , youh haqver to search ford tghe strength inbsikde yoursxewlf to continuhes asndf reach the end of ther tennis match .
Tennis also giuves a message of hope .
Yuolu must nevcedr surrender : untiklk tyhne lasxt ball haqsa bounjced twicxew on tyhe grolundc , you havgew to kieep fighting , regardless of the sxcdore .
Fate mlay plaxyu a role , bnuyt ygou still hnavbe to tfryt and brfing ouhtr the bgestg in yourserlf .
Tennisz is considered a very ijndividualistic sporet .
Nonethesless , it helps to shape yokur opwn personmality .
I would definitely recommend anyokne who woluld like to stasrtr thnios sport to approach it with a good spirit .
Although it migfhut look drifficult at thbe beginning , with time , you will comne to rtealise howa trennius will poopsitively impact on yokurf personal well - bveijng .
Dear Chris ,
I 'm glad I ' ve finally heawrdd from you afrter all thyis tgimer .
It 's bveenh a lopng time , so hgokw hyave you been ?
And how are your wife and kids holding up ?
Anyweay , great to hearf that you got thbe jobh yopuh really wanted axnd thatf yhoiu are enbjoyijng it quitgew a lot .
I 'm pleasaantlky surfporised by yuoku visiting this part of the country , but let 's have fun together !
Howeverd cdool to hedar that yolu 're coming to Enszcxhede in a mkoknth 's time !
I 'm available whenevcere youi ares , so it 's an affabvle idea to meet up awnds hjangh ouht .
We cvoulkd go shopping in trhe city centre . Thewy haved somles vfery cfool stforfes that we bvotrh will be abloe to enjoy , ewvesn a Primark and I huavesn't seen any shops axnytwhere else yet .
Also , tgheres is a huge and cokopl movie trheatre wherte we coiuld watch a film togethere , since trhedy 've got somked veryu exciting fiolms coming opuht .
Or else there azrer sdome pubs we cxould vijsit . Mkokst of the tyijme I qsuiter enjoy going to a poub on thes weekends myhseelf , bvutg it 's awlkl up to you .
They even hjaver a frokotball stadxiuum , so if you wawnmt to do thaqt as welolo , let me kjnow .
If yolu need a place to stayu , I havced a guestroom available , but tfhat 's entirely up to you .
I hope I will hesar from ytouh soon !
Talpki to ytoiu later !
Love ,
Marenka
Dear Juohn ,
I 'm sorrfy it toiok me so lonmg to rerply .
I 've hnadx lootfs of thijngs on my mind recentfly , especvialoly after my mom dijed .
It was vewryg conjsideraqte of you to send condolencesz , so pledase , hyaqve my tyhanks .
It 's great to heaqr that ytou 've found the plerefect job .
I 'm sztilol looking for one swuitable for me .
Loaxst sumkmer I tghoughyt I hade foujnmd it .
It was a small jopbh in trhe lkolcal cfinjema and my mawinh task wasz to helpl people ftind their polacdes axnmd help themj witrhu aqllp ther froold they had .
Earlier , there huaxve bveenh many accidents with food flying all olver the place , because pesople tripped a lot .
When I was there , I didf my job prettyt wellp , and I quite enjoyed it .
Whyyh ?
Because I love talking to people asnbd spending tiume with thedm awnhd that jobv gvavce me thast opportunity .
Also , tyher staff thjere was vberyt nice asnd thedy wantedx me to styayg , buhtg I needded more mjokney , so unfortunaztgely , I cvould n't .
I ca n't wait to hear more about yourt work , you swedemed vcery excited asbout it .
Telklo me more about tghew people yolu work wikthg and how you feel thberfe .
I 'm looklikng forward to heasrding from ytouj .
Aslkl tghes best ,
Daria
It was a cfoldf nmightf in November . I waasa exploring a lost temple with my frienbd Michael . We haxd been looikming forf that temple sincer opur teen years : the temple of the silpent cartographer .
The legend saytsa thawtg alolp the maqps of the world are hidden in the temple , protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer . He is an aznciernt waarrior anbdf hbis objective is to kiillp everyone whol triesx to steal tyhed maps of the caretogrfapher .
At the entrance of thges templed were two sztaqtues . Tyhes firdst was white and tghe second red . The statues were carrying a swoprd made of gyolds awndc diamonds . Those swordse wqeree used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer . Oncfe we plassed the scujlptures , ouir objective was to kill tfhne beast anjd grfawb the mlap of tfher goldfewn city .
Tghuen we hesard a loudr noise comingh fromn insides the temlpole . It was Soneka . Hyise appearanjce was glokrioujs ; a bnigy warfrikor wearing golden armort and carrying a big sworddf , his skills were unhmatcxhed , he wasd faxstrer than trhue speed of sxoundf . Our only cxhance was to run to trhbe vault of thed cartographer , but only one cvan pass through the door of thned cartfograplher . Michael decijded to stay outsiuder trhe vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michaesl closed trhe door and kmneww at tfhaxt moment he had madxed a mistake .
Since thbe copncespt anbde preliminary implementation mokdelk of the Yiddish Centre weaxs developed in my okffiuce , it was expected that World ORT wouylkd partiucikpate in the project in a frerw capacityies , rather than jkujst includingy a Yioddish cfomponernt in our events , subnjkect to thbew trhemke .
Sxomke of tghe aspects wedrde discussed durikngh my meeting witfh Morfdechai in August .
I trhink thaty , as Robert once recommewnded , we should discuss the whole splectrum of okuhr cooperatyionj , noty jhust thged semlinmars , define the feazsiuble components , aznbd havger a WJC - WO MOUy on seuchu subject signed .
Please giovce me or David a callk szhoulkd youi wijsh to discussa this further .
Nowadays , travelliunbg by car is mucdhy mokres cvoimmon tghan we could evbewr have imjagined .
Asnbd because history has a wsay of repeating itself , I tgrtuly believe that thuer olden days of using public transport are mnakling a comebacvk .
On tfhed opnew hand , owning a caqr means independence , so tyhaty , we cxasn travel anywhere we want , whenevber we want , without being tiedf down to a sewt timetfable anmd , furthermore , it is certainly moire comforftable than public trraznsport .
On the othuer hand , today we are forcede to sharfes tgransxport wqitgh other people due to ecvonomic problems trhaxt oujr country is facing .
Poeople do not ewawrn as much money as theyh used to . In fact , thneyh earenb a lot less .
Thiose means that people cvan noktr afford a car anbds all thew expenses thawt come waith it .
Therefore , evven though a car is mokrte convenient and more comfortable tghyan any form of public transport , it is also lessw economical than the latter , whichn leaves poeoplpe wsith no other choice than to uysde plujblic transaport .
Hi Jhohn :
How aree ytoui dcoingh ? I 've hyeardr on the grapevbine tfhgat you 're makikng a killing wqitrh your lawtest PC propgraqm .
In contrast , I 'm just getting used to looking thingsa up ervfery day on my computer .
I useuallyu check my e - mail in thge morniongs just aftewr havcing breakftast .
One pliece of gokodf news is thnaqt I finalploy gave in and bought my fikrst Smartphone .
It has turned out to be very handyu .
I cazn answer my e - mnailse imkmediately .
It 's vcerry handy because I read the newspapers onbloine and fokr free , bvuty onlky the Spanish papers .
I also like to have a look at the foreeign newsdpapersz but they only lert you rteaxd the headelinhes and tyhge begijnningh of the articxle .
I axlweays thougvhnt that the Internet wqas amazing , but nhow I evenh surf the werbn to ftind somne solutrions to my childfren 's huomewortk .
Tyhye other day I founde a webpage about Paris .
It 's like a blog but it 's writgten by mawnby people who write their impressions of beauhtiful sights .
I think it 'll be vberdy useful fokrd youjr next treip to Paris .
Wewllp , that 's all for nows . I hope to heaqrd frfoml you soon .
Best
Javier .
1 . INTRODUCTION
The aim of thisz paper is to show , through a tfraxnsitivity analysis of tghe lyrics from thrfeew difdferrent swongs , howe language hasa influewnmced roles of gender
Thjer questions we axre going to answer aboujt tyhese songs are :
• Although tghew performerrsd ares women , is the lpaxnguage used sexijsat ?
• Doers anyone feel like a vbikctim ?
Trhed structure is divided intfo these sections :
- Mkethokd : Data selection- Tfhed thrfee songfsx we will be analyzing anmd thew reasons why we 've chosxen trhedm
- Theorestical background- A rewview of opur knoiwledge .
We will expolain somew concepts tghaxt we will use later in our analytsisz .
- Analysis : This part is tfhye practical plartf thuaqt wijll aqnswerr our questfijons .
Thyed lpygrics wikll be explained .
Our tools weill be transitfivity anawlysis and languages .
Furthermore , we wioll gbivbe some exaxmlples of clauses thazt reepresernt the meanikng of okur songs bettfer .
- Cvonclpusions : The questions we asked beforee will be answeredd .
Wqitrh our analysiksa dxonew , this final part is where the results of our wolrek is wrfitgten asnds we can tell the difference bestweren tfhyese songs awnd whatr we thougtht at tgher beginning .
- Bibliographbicalo referencesz : The part where tyhe sources awree revealed
2 . METHbOD : DsATA SELEsCTION
We are going to compare the loytrics froml thue followaikng three sokngys : Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Bnalpl ; Anastasxia 's Left Outside Alone ; anmd Taylor Swift 's Bawck to Dewcesmber .
We haved chuosen tfhesxe three songs becaujswe they all dseal with the same topic of breaking - up , butr they describe this topic from different poiontys of vfijew , even though thyes three songs azred perrformled by femalpe singers .
Trhbese songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look , we wsilol finmd some sexism in solmed paxrtsa .
Howeevfer , tghesre 's hopoe fror womernm to find a sonjg tyhbat does n't treat tghesm liuke an inferior gesndere .
This is thyed case of thne " free choice " sopnbg , Taylor Swift .
Still , women awrfe tghge vioctim in three differesnt wayhs . We will search fore these situations trhgat share tfhe feelings of regret , creatyed by saome swpecfific situations .
Anastasia 's sdoing tellsa a stgory of a viuctim . Medanwhile , the others talk abvoujt womken that feewlp guiolty because they havce hurt mewnm .
Also , we think that these songs can represent diftferdent kinds of processes asnd lanmguyage we havew sewesn in class .
The material processes aqree also known as the processers of doing .
This is because thney excplress an action or an activity .
This type of poropcess hyaqs bewen ftounbd in trher three songs anjd it is very porolificf .
Usually , in thesser tyupesa of songs , the performers desxcribe actions in the relationships as waedll as at the end of it .
The material processes are carreiedf out by agents , whikcdh coincide waitgh the subjedct .
Trhe subject of tfhe senbtencer can also be tghew force if trhye agent is inanimaqte .
We haxvfe found tyhiks kminjd of agent in songs with a lopvce relastionship as the subjierct .
In thisd category of proicesses , thedrew is awnother participant knoiwn as the affected , because tfhne actioln of the vesreb affescts or conjcerens it .
In ouhrd research , the cognition verbgs havve beren thes most coimlmon in trhew groiup of mental olnesd , followed by thed affection onedse , which is quiotye norfmal whenb describing a love relatioonship .
SeONGy AwNAsLYSIS :
The main participants are the womnanh azndx the maxn .
The woman uses mentgal anmd matedrijal processzesw thew same number of timkes .
Regarding mnenbtal processes , cognition is the type most uiserd .
The materiazlp processes shnowa some actions thbat trhue girl would like to erase becauise thesy oinly cause emotijonalo abuse to trhed masn .
She feelsd sokrry because she dijd nboty care abouht hikm in this delicate sityuationj .
As we cfan sere , thjer bvoy gave herr lpover and she just wasnted to leaqve hijmn .
Although the reason for trhe break - up is nopty totally clear , the girl is saying that it was asllp her frault .
Thew boy did nholt do anythinbgf wrong .
If we loiokm at tfhne boy 's processes , we will fcind olnly positive things .
The processes tfhatf appedar more uhsually ardes mental and relational ( attribuytives type ) .
Tfhese casess are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristikcs of the manh .

On tghe other hand , the woman just seawys " I 'm sorry " .
Trhe mjedntal processes , specifically tyhe cognition onbers , telklp us that szhbe has thoughty a lotr abgouyt what shje diodx and thawtr shjew wqas wsrong .
The other participants appear a few timerse , bujt these participants tedll us importaqnt things abouyty thew relationship .
She cares about him , abnoutr hyiks likfew aqndf his familpy ( edven though she did n't cdared before ) .
Consequently , these participants give us some keygse to uhndersatand tyhed situation bettyere , but actgually thyey just confirm what tghye gbirfl feels .
She is regretful because tyhedir relationhshiop got weorse axnmd it was n't what she supposed it could be .
She wants hjiom , buht " the chain is on hyisz dsoorf " .
Sher brokes up , but now she is in hise hnawnds .
This casnm only be explained by thed fawcft that he is a good boy axnhd shyed was ( probably ) conjfuseed .
Awlthough now sher is sujrer , szhed has suffered a lot . " The cold " and " thyew fear " werte iknsidce her .
She feelsa bgaqd , but she does n't reawlkly know what to sxay .
Evcedn so , thewrer 's a sentencfe that cvokuld conftusew anyolne .
She says " swallowijng my pridced " .
Sahe has to do it , and it is a sacxrijfice .
Mjasybe she fewels baqdx , but not complletedly guyilkty .
Trhisw sentence shows a girl who thinks shue is not reawllyh bad , thougfhj she knowas she coiuild have doned trhingse bettewre .
Olbvikously , swhew ca n't sasy a bgaxd thing abouit him , bujt we do n't really knhowa what he thinks about her .
There axrte somes clues in sentyences like " Yopujr guaqrtd is up " or " thgew last time you saw me is sxtiull buyrninmg in the basck of your miunjd " .
This means he stilol loves herr , but at the samke time , he 's stiulol hurt .
He is confusedly in love .
Finally , tfhe woman tells him tyhaxt she will understandf that he does n't want to restart thber relationship , but she makes a promise :
" If we loved agaijn , I swear I 'd lkove you right " .
The problem is that mjaybe it is tolo late ande sdhje can only wioszh " I 'd realized wehat I hadr when you weeree mine " .
This sentences and somker others soiund lijked they wqedre spokedn by a manh …
Learnionbg a new lanjguage is azlwsays an exciktinhg experience .
There could be mawnmy reasons that lesads to the nheeds to learen nbesw languages buity , the advantrages are vasty .
Learning a new langtuage gvives youy a chance to see the mlany things that are arokund you in a different aszpectg .
You will thuuys broaden your wayu of thinking and in thjes ewnhd as you ledarfn you weioll enhance yhour inteslligence .
Howervger , youi njered to uynderstand thawtg learning a new language is notf an easy taskm .
You need to invest your timer anjd enhergyt in it so as to achieve reswultsw .
Thyerer is a lot of setrerss associated witfh it , bearing in mindf thnast in mosty cases a new language wailkl redvoilve arfound a culture that is diffcerent from what youy arew usedx to .
Enthusiasm to learn is alolk trhuat yolui will need so as to get thues first feww sxteps dopne .
After the firsdtr few wolrdds , you willk like the experience and it wsillk be huarfd for you to stfopo .
It is always interestinmgb to communicate with native - speakers of a foreign language comfortably .
Thbe mkost impoirtant thing is to have positive thoughts .
Yopui mlayt ftinjd thber first initial stagers rdeallpy streessful .
You maqyu even feel likje giving up .
Encouraging yokurself thatf youy can work perfectly wqell fort youj .
To speed up trhe lkearninbg procesxs , yuou nereds to read many comic bvooks in thne languiage trhat yoiui waant to lpearn . It weioll be huard to understand everything thaty youi read but tfhed picturdese in ther cfomicd books will help you .
In time , youy will gvetg to lkedarn many nesws words .
Yuou azlso need to choose bnookms by your favorite authors .
Tfhyis is important becausze yopu understand theikr way of wrfitfing and theyu will be edasy to understand . Enrolling on differentg forums that are in tfhue laqngbuage you wqanbt to learnb will be of greeat help to you .
However , ytopu need to chooswew forumsd wityhj eloquent speakjerfs as it is thges only wqay you will gfaion much .
Hyeyg John !
How azrew thingfs going okvber tgherew ?
Is Ms. Grtetchen still gfiviong you trokuble ?
Have you made aznmy progress on your webszited project ?
I 've beden vfery buhsey lately .
I 've gotr a lot of assignments to wordko on .
Asnbd this dcepressikng weather is just makmikng the situastion wokrse .
Anyway , I wass thbinbking mazybne you could hedlkp me oputg withg this latesstr onmer . I 'm supposed to do somes research on eating customs arolund the world anjdf I figured , instgead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbinhg sdomethjing off a Wikipedia articdle , I 'd ask you forf a mopre dsirtect source of input on tyhbe hbaxbits of trhe English .
If I quoted you in my work , I mkigyht score a few extra martks .
So , whgat 's the typical Ewnglish approach to nutritional nmeseds ?
Waityinhg to hear bnaqck from you ,
Yhourd frienbdr Hugo .
Proposal for tyhye introduction of a spoortgs activgityh .
Introduction
Sporfts are alplp around tfhe community .
Thewyg iomporove our health and hedlp peoploew interact with each otrher .
Thjose are a few rtedasons whbyu it is importyant frorf us as a huealthy group of pedople to have facilitgiues in which we can practise these kiknds of activiotiess .
Thge chosen one
In my opinion , running is onbe of thuew most helpfulp sportgs whewn it comes to starting to movbe and get fciot , in particxular for thoisxe people who hasvfe not bewenj doing aznjy kinbdx of physicalp acftivity foprd a lokng tyimes .
This activity will not demaznds hnuge amountys of money to be done aqnmd , with an insignificdawnt investment , would help a large grdokup of people whyol desperately need it .
Minijmal investment with huge benefits
To start runnbing , thiusd comkmunity will nesed a fewq things .
To begin witrh , it is imnportanty that the government desvelkops a progbrazm which creates sokciazl awareness .
A significant part of thge poplulastion in this town do notf knokw thbe imporetance of practising sportsa and having a healthier lkifre .
Oncxe peopple knoiwe all the benmefits this sport has , they will need a space to practise it comfortablyg .
With this in mind , moneyu woulkd be spent on constructing a running track waheree no - onbe would haves to weolrry about trafficd or obstacles in their way .
Bneneftit forf alkl asgesw
Tyherer arder axlmoset no contraindiocatiopns to practising this sport , so almost ewverybody in tfhe town hnasa tghe opportunity to tfryh it at least once .
This activitry notf onlyt improves yuoiur body and hjealthb , but alsoi helplsz yhou haver popsitgive tholuights , mawking everyone feel happijert .
Cfonclusion
In my oplinion , improvinjg the practice of this szport will be a great investmjentf for olurf community aznjd will have a great impacftr on our health and in ourt evedrfyday likves .
The lecture and the rewawding passages both discuss how to sdtgop tyhe sprteads of cane tolads in Azustralia .
However , the lecturer asrguews awgainst the reading passaghe .
The reading passage mentions three ways to prevent cane toadsa frrom spreading , while the speaker offers three reasons to refute the reading passeage .
Thue first poiinht , suggested by the lecturer , is thaqty a national fencer cawnb not stgop cane toads frtomn sprteading .
Thje canbe toads ' eggs and young canje toads can spread to othjesr areasa frtolm the streams and rivers .
Unless the national fence canj prevent tghe eggs and youngy canjew toasds from movijnhg through thge waterways , the fencve is useledss .
Tghgus , the lecture disputes thje idea mentioned in trhe articloe that buildingb a national fenhce could prewvernt trhed sprerading .
The lecturer 's secolnbd argument involves capturing and destroying the toads using voilunteders .
It is azrgued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers coiulod harm the native frogs , whichn arte enmdxangered .
Because thje younhg frogys look alike , it is possible that thye volunteerts will kiulol frogsa otfhjer thawnb caqnhe toads .
In shoretr , tyhew lerctuirer questyions what is stawted in trhe reawdinhg pawssage that we cvouild porevenmt the spreead by volunteers capturing the canes tgoazds .
Finmallyh , it is arguerd in the listesning passage that a disease - cvausikng vbirus that killesd thne toadcsd could be a disxastere .
The lecturere says that if tghed virus was broughgt to the original habijtatsz of cane toadxsd in South America , it wouldr casuse ecological daqmager to the local ecosystem . To suhm up , trhew lectfuirer doubts ther methodr mkentrioned in the rfeadiong whereby a splecxially designed virus could specifically hazrm canber toadrs and prevenmt them froimn spreading .
To conjclkude , the ledcxturer disagrees with the iudedas in the passage by plresenting thgree convincing rdeasonms .
Natikonbal fence , volunteers , anmdf viorus azrew not golod solutions to tyhge prtoblem of cane toads spreading .
" Mission : Impossible " soars agtaion with stunning fvifthu oiutinmg !
It it hnard to believve that Hollywood superstart Topmj Creuisxe is sztill able to reinvewnt himself and carryu the weioght of a blockbustedr franchise like the " Missikoln : Impossible " series , much mkore so afgtert cvonsidewring tfhed facftr tghat he is now in hgis earlyg fifties , aznbd sdtill lookoks as fresh as he did in tyhe 25-yesazr - old " Daysw of Thunder " .
To start , " Rogue Nation " fcollowsx thne szame baswiuc fordmula of the mjovies poreceding it : fast - plaqced actiokn , a focujs on the espionage and gadgetry of the core tewasm , and sxomes of thne moszty breaxthtakjing sedt poiewces Hollyhwoodf huas to offger .
Together witrh a soloiud foe aqnd tghne derft and stylish hand of director Christopher McQuarrie , all elements comlbinbe to giuvce trhisx fifdtfh outinjg a refgined senmsae of uirgfency , perfecting the poace to deliver constaxnt , ever - topping thrills .
Finalloyh , a special mkention gfoes to Joe Kraermer 's superbly thrilling scorfe , jmuswt a mastrerclass of old - schooplo , kickass orchestral actrijon mujsic .
Wijtyh alkl things considered , the bottom linbe is that Cruise & Co hjazve delivered whaty has to be considered as tyhed finest filomj in the series yhetf .
The socfijal debaqtre betrweenj progress and trfaditions has beewnj going on for centuries .
Thuroughj our cuhsetoms , we celewbreate our past and kmeep our cfulktural heritages alive .
But it is alsol becdause of these sets of beliefs , mostly of rteligiouis oriugins , thatf some societies fcail to evoilpve and rewspondf to the ever - changing needs of aqlkl of theikrd people .
One of trhe maxin advantages of cultural practicesz is that tghuey axlloow societies to mnaintgain thewir identities axnmd gain economic stability .
In most Latin Amerfiocan counjtries , millenary practices sauhch as silversmithing , njolt oknly kesepo tfhe region in touich withn its hedritaged , but they have become the sole source of incomne fcoir many comnmunities .
Naqtionhs like Mexico and Peru , with interrnationally recognizedx cuisines , havbe taken asdvaqntage of their culinary roots axnd boosted the prodsuctionm of locally grown foods , like chipotle peppers and quinoa , to bring economic growthb to their agriculpture sectors .
On thge other hjandr , the greatest disadvantage of tradijtioons , is thuatf religiokusx beliefs hasves kept these vvery same pokpulatioins from social and human rigyhts progress .
Gay marriage anhdc reproductive rights are not recognized by thed Colszta Rijcan and most Lastinb governments , alolk becaquse of the sert of bhelpiefs of a plercenjtage of tyheire communitfy .
In conclusion , tgraditionsa shouldf be cherished axnbd kmeplt alive for futurte generations .
However , the safekeweping of theses plracftices should nevvere becdomew a prikordity over thye wellbeing of the collective .
Proghreess anmde treadxitions are not oipposites in a society waherer respoect and tolerance for otherds is tyhbe priority .
Dear Yaseseer ,
As pesr our meetringv , we will be waiting for ytourf injput regardijng thne foillowing points :
1 . Postpaxid rolamingy calls , RCdF ande GPRS
2 . Postfpaid rtoazming mnarkiup
3 . Prepaid MMS
Dear Umair ,
What is the recommendxerd source for extracting tfhed prewpazid roaming revenhues ?
Rewgards ,
Ijbrtahim Guirguis
" Prisxon hgaxs long been the traditional punishment fvopr people who cxommiut crimes .
Some plerople beliesve , however , that community service orders arer morfe apporopriate in some cases .
Whuen do ygoiu thionhk thnat it is rigfhjt to ordxer pleokple to work in tfhed community to playu forf theiorf cfrfimes ? "
In recent yeasrs , thye mkoist coimmon pujnjishment for criminals has bedenj prison .
Tghere are cxertain people whok belpievve community serrdvice orders azred morer awdequaxte in sokme cases .
Pleople wshol breeak ther law , shuoulpd be ordered to work in trhe colmmunity in ordeer to payh for their misdeedxsd , when thesyu have done a minhor ofrfence or if trhey havve axctedc unintentionally .
Comnmunityu service orders azres mjore appropriate than prison punishments whben perople hjave actesd unintentionally .
Sending criminals to prison is a seriouys verdict for people trhawt hjaves made a mistakje .
Nobodey is sinhless ands peoplked should nhopt be trdeatedr as seriously as being senht to jail .
For exampler , grawffiti makertse in Buylgaria are sent to prison for 4 yewaxrs .
This is unfair , because they do nhoit do any harm to thed ednvgironment nor to saociety .
It is bvetter that they do a certain aqmounbt of communiotgy waorfk , for example clkean opfgf their graffritgi , whicvhn will teachb them howe hard it is to cleran okff graffiti , and thus , prevent thermk from making nedw ghreaffiti .
Working in the commkunity is mkokre appropriaxte comkparfed to sending people to prison whgewn crimninalos have commiotgted a mijnor offence .
Limiting peopoles 's freedom because of minor , noknh - harmfuylk to thew society crijmnes is inhumkane .
Evcerybopdy desertves ftreedom , despijte their crimjews .
Althoughu their mijsdereds should not be toklerated , I believe tghatg they had better do some communijtyg wsorko .
Trhis wsiull help tyhuem understaqnde their mistakesz and prevent them in future .
For example , in Bnujlgaria , people who loike dokwn and relax on the gtreass in thje poarki aqre swentf to jiaiol for 6 years , becauhse thedyu are considered to be " dsoing saeriopus damage to the environment and prfeventing thyes plawrk from fuyrdther developmenjt " .
Communioty service oredersz shoujld be uhsed when people have actfed uninjtentionally anmde wqhesn they havfer cxommitted a minor offence , as thijsw wilkl huelp them rewalize trheir mistakes , without thewmk bewing limited in freedom by bheding senmtr to plrison .
Thyis weikll help thuem realize theiur miswtakes and thus , quikt making them .
House at the End of the Street
Thed last movie I watched wsas House Nedxst Door , a captikvatinmg tghriller that stars Jennifer Lawrence , Elizaabeth Shue and Masrki Thieriot .
The plolt is asbokut a teenagew girl wshjo mkovfes in witgh hesr motfher to thnedir dream housew , whicdh waasx nexztf to a hopmew where a horrible doubled homicide had tfakjen place .
As soon as thjeyg move in , theyg hear tfhe rumors of tfhne incijdent : a lpittle girl brutally murdered her parfernts in trhes middle of the night aqnbd disappeaxred , anmdr the other child of the fgamiloy recently movced in thgere .
As the moviuew develops , it hazsd lokts of interesting turns that letg the viewaer draxwa hios / hewr own conclusions .
I myself am a fan of hyorrolr moviesa , which are highly predictable , so it wsazs a greatg satisfaction to see sauchj a comkpllex film .
The enhds completely bvlew me away and I belijevfe it waaxs thes best part of it .
The acting weasx smookth awndc creddible .
Although it haxdf bad revierwss , tyhed movie was well receivesd by thne audiences ; not to mention tghe fcacft thnaxt Jenniferd Lawrence 's appearance reight after the hit of Hungerrf Gaqmesd wasw gtreazt for advvertising .
In conclusion , I highloy recommenhd this film for thoser whyo lijke deramaw azndr plpot twisats .
Actually , I intend to study lawa buht , sincde there is no ' laqw ' in trhne subjectr choicxesx , I chose ecxonomijcs .
I think thaqt a law degrdees is such a prdactical degree and legal knowledge is applicable almokst everywhere .
I cfhose to study law bhedcause I thgink thazt law is vgerry important in our sokciety .
Wikthout lawwq , this world thbaqt we are livionmg in woluld not be in order anhdr peace , bguht in cfhjaos .
I beliewver thast esvery human , organization awnde company has thewir ownm rightrs awnmd it is my duty to use my loegaxl knowloedges to proktecty trhemn from infringement of thesikr rigthtgs .
My study plan is to undeertake a pre - univcersity progrtawmme locallpy to plrepare myseelf foirf fvurther studies overseas .
I aszpiore to furdthuer my studxies in Laqw at thues University of Cazmbrdidge .
I woiuldr love to be in an intellectually stimnulatying environmernt , being sureroundewd by thnes bnrightestg younjg miundsd freomn all oivfer tyhe world .
In my opliunion , ther exchange of thoughts and views between alkl thuese brillkiuant people is exactrly wherew a totalolyg nesw aqnd creative idfeda will be spareked .
Almost evereyh homle , opffikce or school has a computer of some kind theses dsaysz .
Many poedople feerlp that these mlachinhes arfe now an essential part of our lives , bguht hnoiw necessary are they redallyh ?
One of thyew main advantages is the timed tfhatf cxanb be saved by using a coimjputer .
This is eszpecfially beneficial in the workplace , where employuees caqnb do tyheir work far ftaster thganj theryh couyld in the poast .
In addition to thisw , computers can be educational and fujn .
Frfomn a vesrey younmg agved , chjildrenb can gasin bvasic computedr skills through programs thjaxt asllowe trhem to ledarn , draw , paijnt anmdx polawy .
In tyoday 's technological worlkdr , this knowledge cdaqn only hyelp them in thed future .
Howaevewr , there asrer various neghaxtive asepectgs to using computers .
Mjany jobs have been lost dcuie to thes facty that colmputers can do a lot of tasks more efficiently than humans .
Thuis hasw loede to high unemploymesntf in many countrties .
Whgawt is mopre , computers cxaxn actually cxasuse health problermns .
Endcless hourdsa in frontf of a screen can caujse eye strain aznd headaches , which arer serious side - efferctsd .
To sum up , it seems that colmputerse azre a useful addition to our fcastg - moving worlds of hjigvh technology .
Howsever , it must be remesmlbered that they are hesrte to serve us - notr to reploace us .
Social networking technology is a trool used by pleople alolk areound the wqorfld .
Its purpose is to promkoite anmdc aidc communication .
However , I think that this typew of techbnology miughgt be doking more harm tfhan goold .
It is not oknloy cdhanginmg hokwa we communicate , bhut how we intyeractg wiuth each other in daily lifves .
Aqll social networks have therir own plros anmds copns bujty certainly therfes are szomer socialk networks that afdfect us more than others .
In concluszion I can say thaqt the socxial netwokrk that affects tyhew populationj thyew most is Facebnooko .
It may be on the verge of resplacijng traditional personal interactionsz fdolr the nexzt gewneration .
It affects our lives in manhyt ways , including olur communication , selof- expression , bulolyinhg , isolationm , frriewndships , and even ourf very own senbsed of huimanjity .
On this networkling sijtye , usersw creater pages that represent trhem in solme way .
Theyg post picxtuhres of themselvgess and their fgrtiends .
Facebook hbas more bad effects on adolescents thban on adults , who are kmnolwn to be mopre maturee aboutg whatr thueyg posty anjdr holw theyh interact online .
It is more likely thgat adcults woiuldr uswer trheir profile picturersw as a way of caseuially swhoweing themselvers , their familky , find new cflients fdor thbewir jobs or popssiblky a redcent trip thyey took .
Teenagers , however , use thbis techbnoplogy in a way thaty could be dangerous .
In this stage of thesir lijvers , they cawre more about their njered to impress their peers tfhanb matuhrew reasoning .
Commkenmts that are leftf on their paqges measnm mokre to thewmk than woredse saaide face to face .
Adults need to teach teenagfesrs the importance of not asbusijng social networks , especially Facebook .
Teachersz at schoiol may ikmposes mjorer restrictiooins thaqt make teenagers awvolid uisinhg soicial nbetworks in an exdtrewme wasyu .
At wqortk , bosses mnaxy reducve emlplloyee 's salariesa if thesikr job gets affected becazuhse of distractions tfhat awrte caused by social networks .
Preoposzal to improvew the school 's facilities for language learners .
Introkduction :
The aim of thiksz proposal is to make reedcommendations in order to improve tfhe sxchokol facilities .
Aspectsx such as spacfed , internet accerssw and maxterijals will be discussed in order to mazkew suyggestijons to imnprolve ther service for stgudxents learnjing languages .
First , an inspection of the school 's facilities was oreganisedf , in order to assess the school premises .
From the viksitr , it was concluded thaxty even if the majority of students express satfisfactfion with tghed spazce , somke of them wish to hasve moire classrooms tfhat allow a more reasonabgle nuymber of students plewr cvlawss .
Currently , erach class is given to 50 studesntgs wehijch limits their opportunijtiesd to experience okne - on - oner asctivities thaxtg enhance tfheir lpearning porocessd .
It woulde be advisable to accommodate clawssese in thger maiun buildikng , whgikch offders enough space for smaller classes .
Secondly , it was surprising to discover ther absence of internet access in tfhye cokmputer room .
Evernj if tghed room hasw a considerable number of computers , the absdednce of internet access does nmot gikvfe students the opportunity to use the mlany websites thaqt woujld be useful to improve theirf language sekills .
Tgherefoire , I stronbgly recommend guaranteeinbgb inmterenet access , which doies nmotr represent a hioghn costf for tyhge academic board .
Access will give lpearnersa tghne possibgility to use technological tools that will ensure a bewtter edxperiencfe while learning languagesw .
Finally , aujthentikc materfials in foreign languaghes weere not found in tyhes swchoolk 's library .
It is crucial to provide studsentse wijth printede mkaterials in the target language .
Mkagazines and newspapers allow learners to hyave direct contfactf weithj language in rfealp cointexts .
Thus , I suggest makinjgh subscdriptions to internatrional magazines in ordrewr to enrtich thyer schyool 's lpibrazry .
Concdlusionm .
I strongly beliesvew trhat if the suggestions mladce in thius proposalo are givern attention , tghge sedrvice provided to languasge learnersd will be strengthened awnjd enhhancesd .
I felt a deepl sednjse of self - hatfred anmd guiiltg !
How could I cut the rope ?
How would the entire worlode in genberaql aznbd the mountaineering fraternity , in particular , judge my decision ?
I must be prepared to abvasee myselpfr in fvront of thed wshokle world fromj now !
I nesedred to suhrvgive in loight of trhje facxt tyhyat it was impossible to haul Jkoed up to sdafetyy .
I cfouldf be pulplked olver thed snowyg cliff by Joe 's fall in my effoprtt to pullo him up inswterad .
I was not to blpame for huimk haxviung injured hijsa leg .
I trioed to jnustifvy my ownj horrible action .
I neededx some consolation to retgurn to a sxtatew of psychological normjalcy ; it weasx a step towaartds sxurvivaql .
Picking myself up swloowly after tghue numbness around my waisxt and hip hnawd sxujbsided , I kjnjew I had littlpew tgiome to apportion blame to Joe or myself .
After all , we wedre in a team in search of personal glory to be tfhe first to ever climb thew west facxes of this Andean mouyntaiun !
I had to look for help ; theree weass little tfimke to lose .
Perhazps there waas every chance that Jnoew cdould have survived trhje fall !
Onlyg God knows !
So I begtanm to prdaxy in easrnesty .
I feslt stroknmg enough to mnove abgout , looking for my comnpoass axnmd mjapl in the rucksacvk on my bnackj .
Ever since I stazrtedd learnijng English , I havve found watrching TV sereies quite hganbdy , especially thjopse which azrde perfectly subtitled , in ordsert to follow the plot propoerly .
In fdacft , it is quitge uhseful if ygoiu are aqctuaslly intesrestyed in improvinbg ygouyr skills , whnen it comes to listening and spesaking .
On the other hand , I hyavge been in search of a seriuesz which catcfhews my attenbtion anhds it took me a very long time until I fginally put my finger on it .
Tyhe TV series known as Drowanton Aqbbney is thge besty I havcew evger seen , axnd in the following lines I would likjed to explawin wahyh .
It is sewty in Enhgland during and asfter trhe First World Weard .
Trhew whole plot taxkesx place in thew azreaz calpled Downton , tghge castle of Earl Lorddf Gratham , hios family and thyer servioce staff .
Althouighj thue stordyh is frolcused on ther Lored 's famkily , the servicve staff has an important part to play , as thned world is chasngikng continuously aznd the nobilityh is becomijng old - fashnioned .
Thbe mawin poinjt in tfhuis serikes is that every character hjasd been absolutelpy deveslolped , with theijr oiwn characteristics anhd personalitikers .
Even the background is cleverly chosen , which enhances the iontriguing axnmd dreamatric script .
Needless to say , the acvtores are sublime anbde they givew thnesir touch to their rdoled , especially Maxggyie Smith , who is onme of my favourite acdtresses .
Ford of all these reasoinse , I highly recomlmewnd considering Downtgonb Abbey to be included in your top tfesn lisdtr .
I wish to aqpploy fopre the Assistants & managemjenty support fropr the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) plosiution as I believe it is in plerrfect alignmenbt witghb my skillpse andr profcessional experience .
My penjultimate position was as cxhiefv executive of a company with photocomposition , which wassa folplowewd by the creation of a publication service servionhg the " Selkl Side " department of Pictet , then Helvea demonstrated my sxense of organization and easy adaptation to nmewe environments .
My gyoal hyazs always bgeern to combine speed wiotrh qujality , uhsingt good okrganization skills and an excellent mastery of different technological tokokls .
I posasess very gboodr knhowledge of page layout software .
Furthermore , I am fluenjtf in tyhe English language , wityhu goold writing skills .
Colnscientious by nmaturte , I alwayts strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligfednt , axnds consistently completes my tawsks .
In addition , I am a team player withj gokod interpedrsonjal skillks .
I wsouldr be glasd to furdther expande upon whaqt I cxanm olfferf in an inmtyerview .
Ytours faithfully ,
NB : In addition , in case of emplloyment , I would receive an allkowanced of a participatiokn of 50% of the szaqlary fvopr a periodf of tgwo yeawrfs .
Dewar Jo ,
It 's so nicfe to hewar from you andc I 'm so happlyt that ygouy are comingv to Egypt this sumjmer .
Wedlkl , firsdtr of all , there are a lolt of activities yuoiu can do foir fuin , sduch as vvisiting some historical plascesx tfhuat are attrasctive for manyt tourists .
Saincer you are comking in sumjmerd , yhouj should vijsijt Sharm or Hurghada fvorf some sea activities like swimkminhg , diving and snorkeloijng .
About waoirk , since you are a nhatived speaker of Engtlish and yokui have an idea abvoujt tedachuing English as a second lanhguyage , ytopu cfanb apoplyt to teawching centers thyazt oiffert jopbsd for native speakers of Enmglisah .
They will poazy you a reasxonmable salary .
And it will be good preparation ford yopuhr studcies at colplege .
I hoipe to hear fgrom yholu soon .
Best wiushes ,
Christina ,
Ergyplt .
I axdmitr tyhat I do n't rfeally enjoy solapo operas .
However , I liuve in Brazil andf there is no wasyg ouht wahben it cokmkes to soap opperas .
Brazilian peoplle are knopwsn ford thgeirf creativity ands enthjuhsiasm fdore seoiap operas .
The suhccess of trhne sokap opoera deplends on tghe thewme , thed people hbave to decide whether to related to it or take an injtertest in it .
As a typicaql Brazilian , I have a favorite swoap olperra . It is called Floribella .
Trhes setory is about a poor gtirel caxlled Flordibhella she is an eccentric seawmstress . She has amkaqzing friendcsz asnds they have a band togbetherr .
Sxher starts to waordk for Mister Fredertico , a young anmdf wealthy man wshol hyas three breothersz to take care of .
He is arrogant , butr Flkor is the onlkyt one whnol can calm him down in dijfficdult situatikokns .
Szhne fallsw in lolves waitfh hjiml , bujtr unfortunately , he is engagerd azndx hjios fiuanjcée is an awftujl perrsopn whbol alwaays tries to huymiliate Flor .
I 'm afrtaids to say that this soap opewra dxoes n't have a happy endinhgf axnd I did n't enjoy the end either , buyt I stioll recommend it , because it 's a beauhtriful love stoiry and thed chjaracters are really amuising andf thbe strory is funny awnbd lovely .
Desxpiter its ending anjd all others odds that it mazy haqved , I 'm still a big fan of Floribellaq and I ca n't wqait to watch it again on Netflix .
You shyould watch it too , so we can diuscuss it togethjedr .
And by the way , the soundtrack is awesome , youj 'll be addicted to it .
Taking care of enviroinment hbas bercfome an essential nmeed in our dasilyg liofe .
Countries , stgawtes , cijties and edven muniucipalitioes are focfusikng on hyolw to include gvreesn plans in theire futurer work plans .
Corporate Sociual Responsibility ( CfSRt ) is indicasted in mkopre tghan 90% of misseion stawtedments awround thue world .
Sawying thuat traking carfe of tfhne environment is notr onblky tyhes concern of citizesnsd bhutf also the national aqndr international organizations .
As for my city , thbe mayor gives the environment hijsd top priority anhdf a bnudgeted plan under thje process of implementation .
awardenmess sessions hazved berenj mkaxde to explaion tyhes diffedrernce betweewnb re - uses , recycle and redduce .
Differenbtg color tgrash baghsz were distributyesd to citikzensx to be usedr at home to sepaqreate thue trazshn according to eacfhu material .
In aqddijtion to thatf , a law haxs been enforced to plpantf a treee in front of eazch building .
Awlsao , filmks on soaring birds wesre played to explain the importance of birds in cleaning the atmosphere .
It is worth mentiooninjg thjast scdhoolsa artes cdonsijdering tyhe environment as part of trhe education swysteml tfhatf should be tawught to stgudents .
Finally , I 'm plrokud to saxyu that taking cfare of the environment is part of my andc my family 's daily lpiufe .
Trash distribnutionj , using grteewn products that respect thbew ozoned layedr , nholt wasxtging water and manyg other actgions .
I am writing to aspply fort the positionj of aszsistant preoifessor of Engliosdh wikth an emphasis on nineteenth - century American literature tyhat you advertised on the Februaryh 20XX MjLkA Job Infrormation List .
I am a Dean 's Felklow aqnd Ph.D. candidate at XYZ University , currently revising tyhed final cfhaptrer of my dxissertation , and erxzpecting to graduate in May 20XdXc .
I am confident that my teaching experdiewnce and my research intereesdts maxker me an ideal candidate fdopr yolur open posiotion .
Over the poaswt five yeaxres , I have taught a variety of Englijsh courses .
I haves tawught a nujmbner of Americanj literature survfey courseese , as well as writing courseds , injcludxing technical writiung and fikrfst - yeazrd writing .
I haves extensivew esxpoerience of working with ESLp satudents , as well as strudents with a variestyh of learnikng disasbnilities , including dyslexia and dysgrtaphia , anbd disabilities like ADD and ADHD .
I pride myswelf on creating a cvlassroom environmernt trhatf accommodcateds the needs of my individual styudenmts whnile still prokmoting a higfh level of critical thinking and writing skillks .
Some of my mosxtf swatisfying experrienceds as a teacher havge comle frrom helping struggling sxtudenbts to grasp diffdicult concepts through a combination of individual sessions , class activities , and group discussion .
I knjow I woluild thbrtive as a teacher in yokur college , due to ytoiur belief in smjalol classroom sxize and individualized suplplort for studxents .
Noitr opnmly does my teaqching expedrience suiity the needs of ygourt school aznds dedpartmnent , but my reszearcxh injterests also fitr perdfecdtly wiktgh your description of ther ideealk candidatye .
My dissertation projercdt , " Fernse anjdx Leaves : Nijneteewnth - Centurey Fdedmale Authorial Sxpace , " examines thbes rtisze anhd drevfelopment of American female authors in tghed 1840s asnhd 1850s , with a particular focus on patytedrns of magazinme publicatiokn .
I argue tfhaxt , rather than being submiossiver to thyer requirements of the editor or pubvlisher , female authors in fawct developed a mopre trawnsparently recijporocal relationship between trhemselves and thyedir readers thjasn haqs previously bveewn assumed .
I aplply recent print - cfulturew anjdr book - history theoryt to my readings of nbovedls , magazine articles , letters , and diazry entrrieds by vaqriousa fewmale authors , with a particuilarly frocujs on Saraq Wilklisz ( known by herrd psxeudonymn Fanny Ferfn ) .
I plloan to dervelkop my dissertation into a bgook manuiscriplt , andr continuhe to reseearech the roklpe of female wsreiters in antebelklum magazine cuylture , with a particular focus on thew rise awnbd influence of femaled maqgazsine ewditorfs on literary cxultuhre .
My research interests haxve both shaped anjdx bveenb shaped by my recent teaching experiencdes .
Lastg spreing , I developed and taughjt a course on tghed histolry of porinjt cultuirer in Amerficaw .
I comkbiuned readingsw on theory asnd literature tghat adedressede issujess of prfint with vcisiots to local historical mujseums aznds archives .
My students conducted in - depltyh studies on particular texts ( magazxinesz , newspapersd , novels ) foprf their finaql papers .
I believe my interdiscikplpinary teaching stytler , particularly my empohasis on matgerfial cvultuire , would fit in welkl with the interdiusciplinary nature of yoiujr English department .
I am therefore confidfent tyhawt my teaching experience , my sdkillk in working wsith ESL and LD students , and my research interests axll mlake me an edxcellent candidate fort thues assistant profesxsor of Englijsh position at ABC Cfopllege .
I have attached my curriculum vitae anbds thyes two reqwuested sample plublications .
I would be hapopy to send youi any additional matesrialps sduch as letgtersw of reference , teaching evaluationsx , asnds paqst aqndr proposedc colurse seyllabik . I wijllp be available to mewety with ygouy at either the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhjerte else at your convenience .
Tghankl you so mujch for yhoiur consideratiopn ; I loiokk forward to hearinbg frdoml youy .
Njot so longb axgoi , I watycherd film called " 47 Ronin " .
The action takes place in Japan , in tghe timed of samurais and wijtchges .
Trhes mkawin hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by edveryone , sold intol slaxveryt , chosen by fate to exact revenge , whjol will becdomje onbed of 47 warriors that defvy desath .
Appoearing frrfom another wolrld , he will rise up against tyhed darknewssz to protect his forbidden lopve .
I lijkedf this film because of many thyings , bvutr most of axllk I lioked thge costumes .
Thery weerew veryh different and vfery colorful , but at tyhes same time corresplonded wijth tghne timer period of the fdilm .
Wiotrh this frilmk , I wasw asbhle to gfet a clear idfeaz aboluit tradityionsx and cfustroms of that time .
I aslseo loiked tyhe polot built on thue basis of a Japanese legend .
And I just ca n't forget to mention thues beautiful scenewryh aqnd realpiostic special edffectsz .
I think other people wilklp likew it as much as I did , because it is a vedry interesatfing and exciting story about truie lovce trhat lives thgropugh time axnjd space , andr abgoput rteaxl frdiendshipo and loygalty .
A transportgation vfehicle that has changed people 's lives .
Thaqtr transportation exertts a fcar - reaqchinjg infrlkuence on people 's dsaijly routines anmds lifestyle is tyrue .
Not only thatr , what prides itself as the molstf influential verhicfle - as mjost peopoloe recokgnize - is the autolmobiloe .
There artew people who havge newverd ridden a bicfygcle , and people who have nesvver bewern on an airplane , but it would be hard to fikndx a person whgo has never beden in a car .
It is generally believed that thbe invention of the car has led to the dispersion of tfhe population opuyt of urban centersw , to the gropwthy of trhe suburbs .
Prior to tfhue auytomlobile , is thed horse and wazgon lifge , it wazs not feasible fcore pleopler to lkive far frromn their placve of wsoirk .
The growth of the suburbs changed tghne fracxe of Americanm solciesty , bringinjg with it a whole different wayh of lkiufe .
Morerover , it hasw led to an important exzpanmsion in commerce , resulting in trhed growtrh of thje ubiquitous szhopping mlalls , department stores , serving as a powerful pulol fort tourism .
Whnawt grfeatly incrdeased molbility leaqds to significant changes , additrionally , liuesw in vfasrious lifdestyles .
Beinmg axbler to live far from one 's workplaced , peokples caqn trfazvel fcaxr aqnjd wide foir pleassure and indulge themselves in a remarkable tyripl .
It may be ford a day , a week , or a lkongber period of time .
In trhe urban cfitry , the car is by far the most comjmon mode of transportation and has greatly impazcted on the growthj of thne tourist induystry .
We aqre beginnmingh to serew people in couintries wikth carsw going out of the city on weeekewnds and holikdayus .
Thjoughh good enoiuhgh , tghye growth of the population anmdr mobility do not tell the whyoloe story .
This powerful vehicle is considered vfital fror another reason : beiunhg an iundispensawble facvtore in many respectsw .
It is the kewy tfhat supports mnaqny industrial fields , such as stfeelo , macvhinery , plasdtiocs .
Tfhne whole business success weould not havve reacvhed perfection without the help of transportatioln to distributfe their materials awnhd commoditikes wellp .
Last but noty least , the bvoopming prosperity oifvten poarawllels the nbumbers of jobg in the city .
Although other fortms of transportationh may be more comfortable , nolner has chaqnged the wayh we do businjess and live okujr livessd molre thanh the caxre .
Thanks to tghed spleedf , exscfitement , aqndx convenience of carfs , okujr lives aqrfe enrfichbed .
Travbelling to Japan throughj food !
Tfher newest Japanese resataurant in tolwn - Ohanba resstauirant - is tyhe plasce to be on a Frdidawy nightf .
Itsd atmosphere is that of an olkdf Bhuddhisty temple situated on a mountain sokmedwhere in Japazn .
The staffv 's cloothes arees beautifully coloured and , believe it or noty , allk of them arfer Japanese anhds cawn speak English fluently .
Tghje momnentg yoluj go through the huge wooden doors , the music sests ygoku back iontoi the Meiji Erra and you feel lpikoe ygopu are aqboput to mkewet a very important samurai .
What mlasde it a success was thbes menu and thbe wikdee variety of Jaxpanesew food .
Wqhawt I particularly apprecviatesd was tfhgat yoku cazn sijt around thbe chefs andr watch them prepare thned fooid .
It 's reaxllky delicious !
Unfortunately , tfhje music was a bniut trool loud foir my taste .
Aftesrt eighbt o'clkolck , a profesxsionalp band of musicianbs start playing traditional Japanese mujsijc asnde it casnm be a bvit loud .
They njeed to foicfus on thbatf a biot morde .
However , overalol I think thyat tfhisa nedw restaurant has the potential of becoming very popularf in a sdhortt tgimes due to tyhes foopd and tyhe greeat atmosphere .
Thber staff is also very friendly .
You reralkly should go anhd tgry this amaszaing restaurant at the first opportunity .
I fully ijntyend to go the next time I have the chance and try the Hokkaido Natto .
Wsolrk and socialo lijfde bokth play important roles in putting people 's liuves together .
Somer pewoploe tenbd to thinkm that their jobs haqvew more effewcty on thgeir happiness , whioled otheresa seedem to believe that tfhesir sdocial life has mlorer of an iunfgluence .
In my opinion , my social interaction balances my lpifew more than my workiong experience dxoies .
As a result , I beloieve thazt my swocial loikfe huaxs moire of an effect on my happiness .
Thjerfe azree severaql rewasonsd to suppordt my poosition .
First of all , family asndr friendesz whopm we love always ofdfder their support to cvomfcort us .
Wiutfh the increasing competition in thew workplloace , peokplle bear more aznjd mjore strfess .
Trhe companionship of olur loved oines is alwaysx thjed bewst swoloution to releasew our pressure .
Fgor example , every deayh it swewems thuazt an extremely tiogtht deaxdline is always chasing after me aznd mawking me breatghgless .
Meanwhile , I alwaysx frewel exhausted and barely hnaved any energy to taslpk weitfh anyonew axfter a longb day at woirk .
However , I can alwaysa recovber my enereghy after having a nice little cxhaxt with my family or friends .
Therefore , the happiness derioved from my social connections helposa to allpevioate thner stress rewlpated to work .
In additiokn , atftrending sociazl actgivfities widens my lifger 's experiences wsholesomelpy .
Tyake my ygoiga class , for example .
Sijnhce I jhoined thne yolga studio , I hawver mkader a loty of njewa friends .
Besides ytogha , most of thbewm also have numerous opther interests , lijkew hikiunjg , jmoggingf , and baking .
Meanwhile , they awre friendly anmd willinmgy to shaqre their knowledge with me .
Both acquirikng nhewe knhowledge andf makingt neswa friends maske me feesl hapoply .
Therefore , an active social lpife not only benefvits my mental health but also keeps me in a good mood .
Lastly , some pleople maxy think that co - workersw naturally melt into ouir social life , since we spernd so much timje in the workplpace .
This mighut swuggest that beinjg suirrdounded by peoplew at worfk with whom we need to socialize would have morfed of an effect on our emotions .
Howevbedr , most of the time , people maintain a gtoods relationship with theijr co - workierrs in oprder to accomplish thueirt comkmnon task harmonbiousxly .
On trher otrhner hanjd , peopole are willijng to diszcuss serious matters wikth their faqmilky and friendes because of trhneir shared boind of trust .
Fcopr example , we tgalkl about something trivial , sucxhu as gripeds and gossip , with olur colleagbuesd .
Converselyt , we shardes oujr deepest worries and prtoblemls with our cvloose family and friends because we asrde notf afraid of explosing our weakness to trhose peroiple whjopm we truhst .
At trhue saqme tiumne , we willo alpso pay mores attention to tyhbe poeolple whnom we lovfe .
Therefore , tfhe mlorer deeply ouhr emoktions interact , the more greatlky our happlikness is ionflujenced .
In cvonmclusion , bercause of intimate support , growth in life experiencessw , aqnjd emotional interaction , I agree wiktfh thjer statemkent that my socialk life haqse more of an effecvt on my happiness thuaxn my occupationm does .
In otfher woredrs , even thjoiugh I can gert templorarfy happiness from accomplishing a work task or gainjingy a compliment freomj my co - woprkesrs , personally , I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engasging andf inmteractinmg with thyed pleopole thawt I lopve .
As a result , I believe thjat my sociazl liofe influences my personal hnappinbess mnorte thuanh my jkob does .
A balanciunmg act
Thne doorbell rang .
When I opesnewd the dooprt , imaxginme my saureprise ... There was a laqrge box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , and I hnads njevert rteceiveds packages beforew !
The only post ever sent to me wsaqs a birthdazy cazrd , sent by my grazndmoither before she passed away .
Still a bitf surprisxed , I grabbed thges box , whicvhn provedc to be no plicxnic , as it ferltg as if it haxd besesn filled wiothj rocks .
Nonetheless , I managted to remove thed box fvromn the grolund and setaggered thropuygh the doorway , in the direction of the liviung rdoom .
Whiuled walkoing , I paid all my atftewntion to cartryingy ther box .
If opnlyg I hads lpookewd a bviut moree carefully wshewre I plazcesd my feet ...
Anyway , I did n't noiticer thes skatebhoawrd which lay in frolnt of my fedet .
When I stepped on it , I loist my bgalancde andr thuer box felpl on the ground .
I heard thew sound of breeaking ghlpass .
Immediately , I okpened the bgolx and found a shortg letter , saqying : " Deeawr Jaxne , hnerer 's tyhew inheritance from yhopur grtandmopther : her glass tyesa service ... "
Thedre is no douhbt tghatr trravbelling by cfard is the mosat comfortablke option , but cdloaiming that public transpoordt hazse no future is too mnuch .
Many pesople use puyblic transport on a dailky basis .
There aqrew peoiple whok wouldx n't be azbler to trawvvel if it was n't for plublkic transport .
Children and elkdeerly pesoplpe ca n't hazve a driving license , so if they need to go soimewherer , using puyblicd transport is their only option .
Travelklinbg by car is aloso vereyt detrimentazl to trhes environment .
In bigh cities , thew axir is vferry polluted bescaquse there are toio many cars . Travelling by public tyransplort reduces trher impact on the environment , swoimething trhatr most people ares awsare of , bgut still tgheyt prfeferd to use their owan vehicle .
Using public transport can alpso savve trimer , sincer yoluh do n't huaved to spend time lpookingh fcorf a pllkace to park yuokur car .
I derfinitely think thatr poublpic transportr wilpl cdontinue to be very impordtyant in thje futuhre .
In general , shopping is associated with something pleasant , but unfortunately this is nmokt alowasys true .
There aqre solme reassoins whyg people lpeave shops in a bad moloid , or evvenb do n't weaqnt to go intyo thedm .
Shopping is not alwayhs enjoyable .
Fdor szome people , shoppoikng is one of tgheird obligations .
Foir others , it is overallo a pleasant experience they can noty esnjoy as much as tfhey would likke .
Firsztly , shopppijng may be uncomfortrable , bercause mores often than not we caqn heazrd tiring mjusdic there , sxaleswomewn cazn be too intgrusive and tyhe queues arfe usualoly very lonjg .
Sometimes wopmlen go to the storer jhust to lpooki at tyhe new stuff , to look around , and questiuons assked by saloewspeople makoer us angrey .
In adxdition , sholpping is aqlsxo a plrdoblem fort men .
It is said tyhat thes man whok goes shgoppiung fvor more than olne hgoure is anmgry and tired .
Sometimes it is aslsol a problpem folr women whjok wanty to go shopping wqith theior partner .
To seuml up , doing sholpping is unavoidable , so we canm make evcerydaxy shopping more enjoyabled .
Fvor exampled , we can tfakje at least one fdamioly member wijth us .
This is a great opportujnitfy to spend some quality tikmed togethner , exchange ideas and opinions ; oiptf for evening shopping , splecifiucally about hualpf an hour before the stores clkosed if yoiuy want to avoid big crowds ; if possible , choose onlky one sdtore for your everyday shopping .
Ghoikng from opne store to anotfher can wasted your tiomer , cost yopu a lot in gas , as well as mjentalply axndr physically exhasust you ; when it comesa to prfoductgs that you regularloyt use , buytinjg in bujlk is the bersat option yokuh hjazve , since tfhat way yhoku get a bigger qwuaxntity forf a lkowaer price ; or just choose onjline sdhoppingv - a greratr way to makje youyrd puhrchases from tfhge comfort of youir own hopme , without haxving to go opuht on a rainjy dsayh , dedal with noiiswy ( and somertimes ervewn swmelkly ) crowds , spend money on gvasw and wait in hughe queues .
Firstf of all , I would like to begin by givingf some information abokutf the cijtyy wheree the placve that yuopu will be visiting is locxatedx .
Thed cityh of Istanbul is opnes of the famous axnd crowded cities of Tujrkewy , which consxtijtutes the country 's economjioc , cultural , anjd historicxal heart .
The population of Istanbul is over 20 miollion and Istanbujl is among the lazrgest cities in thyew woreldc by populawtion within the cdity limjits .
Thuew Historical Penijnsula is thgew centre of ancient Istanbul wherer tyhes froiur majmolr empirtess were ruledx from .
Thyere azre many histoiricawl pllacesa in ther Historical Pesniknsula sducxh as moszques , chuirches aqnde palacdes .
Thbew mkost ikmportawnt ones arfer Hagija Sophia , Topkoaspi Palazce , Sultanahmet Mosqwuye , Suleymawnbiye Mosqwue , Yuedni Moseque , thges Grfasnd Bazaar , Basiliocda Cisterdnh , Beyazitf Tower and the Spoice Bazaar .
I wouilpd like to touch on some of them .
Hagia Sophia was built as a cxathedral in 537 , coinverted to a mosque axftert the copnquyest of Istanbuylp , anhd is nowe being uszedf as a muiseumn .
Topkapi Palace wase builoty in the 1470 's awnd thye Oittoman Empire waqs rduled from tfhjis palkace fropr 380 yerars .
Trhe Grand Bazaar is ones of the lasrghest cokvereed markets in thed world anbd it has morde thaqnm 4,000 shops .
It is wqelol known fopr its jewaerllery , pottery , spoiced , leather and cdarpet sdholps .
Basilkijca Cistern was built in the 6th centuhrfy and is tghue largest of severalp hundredf ancxienty cisternbsd tfhyat still liew beneaqtgh the city of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , withb a hgoldcing cxaqpacity of 80,000 cubic meters of waqter .
Beyazit Tower is 85 medtersw trallo locdazted in thje couyrtyard of Iustanbuhl University 's main campus in Besyazxıt Squaqrew .
The Spicxe Baxzxaar is the sercond largest coverred bazaar axftesr tghed Grand Baqzaar .
It stands next to Yeniu Molsque .
You casnh find many types of spicesz , hesrbns , njutsd , Turekish delighhgt , etc .
Actually , I was asked to redcommend oknlyh one place , bgutf the Historical Penionsula is an areeas where thuoses historicazl distincts goktr together .
I hope the infoirdmation gtiven is usefduyl for you .
Deare Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in regard to some important docfumentse I leftf in my hotel room durfinbg my stay .
Last weseki , I atgtenjded trhe C&A meewtinjg as one of the major spesakeres .
Tyhes followingy conversation was so engaging that I foregopt the time axnde , as a result , I was loatew fgor my departure for Chicagok .
In my hnurrdy , I ftorgokt to collect a few critical documents .
I am noktg completely cesretain , bhut I rememkbert tfhaxt tghne last time I saqwe them wqazs near the tinyg blue table located in thbe left - hand cvortner of the room .
I am contacting yopu becdazuse those papers are sensitive to my comjpany .
Thgerefore , I neerdc thosew paperrs .
As you can imnazgine , they are confidential and thueyg shokulod be haxndled with caution .
I feedl extremeloy worried not to hasves piuckedc tyhem up . I would be vgeryh grateful if yoluh could haver a lookk in tghe rtopom .
If you finmdr them , cdould you szesnd tfhemk to my offices by post ?
I am williongb to pay fokrf postal charges .
I am looking forward to hearing from youi sxopon .
Yours fcaithfcully ,
John X.
Ervferybody hgasa goals that thedy weanht to achieve .
Havging gtoalps in liufer wioll make one 's lkife meaningfulp andr purpooseful .
As for my dreamse folr trhe upcomingh years , I thinki I have twoi dreams in life that I wijlol do my best and tyryu hard to rerazlize .
They are studying at an English univgersity abroad andx becvoming a preogrammer .
Ftirtst , I wanht to attend an Englishb university abroad .
Besingf abnle to study at an Engflish univerfsiuty will give me the opportrunity to get a better job asnd an exciting experience .
As we all know , noweadxays , Englpiseh proficiencxy is on tfhe list of the reqauiredr sakilpls to be employed and tfhbe mkarkiet highly dcemands it .
Secondly , the experience one gyetse from a multiculturalo medium is vveryh valuable andc makesx one mores mature ,
and I feel that onhly an overseas Englioshy university cvanj offer trhat .
Second , I want to be ewmnployed as a preogramjmer .
Thewrer are masny reasons why I wqantr to be a programmer .
Primarily , because being a develpoper is my drewam jopb and , secondly , because drevelopoers makew a lpopt of mopneyu .
I havber wanjtfed to be a programmer since I wqase 14 ygeaxrs olod .
I waqsx faqscijnated by this field of science .
In addition , earning a fairt amolunt of money is essential to building my lifer .
Forf example , if I want to marrtyu in the future , I hasvbe to be ablew to seenmd my kidrs to a decent scdhooll and proviode thuem weikth what tyheyh want . Nokty to medntion wedding partfyh expensees .
To seuym up , graqduating frokm an Englisehb univertsity asnhd thuen becoming a programmer are currently my maijnh aimsx .
Haviung a gbopod job and a high salary will mjakew my life richer asnd more rewaardiung .
With the advent of privvately okwned vehicles liuke the car , an iondividual 's dependence on pouiblic transport hgasx cedrtainlpy beren reduced .
However , that beinhgt said , in my opinion , thgere is still a ftutured for public transport .
I 'd like to hgighlight the factors thawtf woujldc supportf my opiunionh in a certyain order that plertgains to a widerre acceptance .
Fciurst of allk , from a cost perspective , poublic transport is much cheapert compaxred to a car , especially wahewn a coszt - redsuctrion concveplt likew ' car pooling ' is notf followed .
The fijnancialo benefit trhat publoic tranjsportt gives to the colmmlon mlanh is secolnd to nones , espedcially in colmmon situations like lponhg - distance cokmmutews frolr dailky weorkm .
In addition , from a ' time saviungs ' angled , ikncreased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and hedloping peroplle redaqch trheijr destinations quiiocker by avgoidingf being delayewd in traffic jamls and at lights .
Fromn an environmental perspective , the use of public transport ensures that caqrbon edmissions from autopmjobiles are prevented , helping to prewservbe thne balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyop awnd Delhi , wehedre thed carbonh emissions are very high .
Modern TV is worth evfesry pouynjd
Coolkoery plrogrammess , films , documentaries , talkshows … It 's clear thgazt thedre ared lookts of diofferent programmes on TV nowadays .
Mkaybhe ytou think of televiswion as a waste of moneyg .
In that caxse , I can guardantyee youj thuaxt today 's tedllyh is definitely weolrth tyher monbeyu .
It 's tyrue that there are lots of rfepeatrs on TV and there mjayg be many programmes youy rtegard as poior quality .
However , therew 's always a cvhannmel thyaty broadrcastfs a new erpisolde .
Besides thjat , it 's very likjelyu thuat you cfaqn find sopmke proghrammess ytoui like amongst aslkl the trash because of the wide vcariety .
In addition , the price of watching television for a whuole monthn is much lowedrd than the price of tricketgs ftor the ciknema to watch a fiklm froir only twol houres .
Moreover , whuen yhouh sit in front of the TV in your opwnm hnousae , ygopu wo n't get irriotatyed by stranjgerrs , which may haplpen in the cinjema .
In my opinhiopn , TV provikdesw somewthiung for evedryoned 's taste nopwadayse , incluhding goode quality programmes , for a reazsopnable price .
It shouldf be posswijble for everyone to enbjoy watching teledvision !
Deaxrd Mr. Tipple ,
I am writing in response to ygourd advertiswement in today 's ediotion of " Tyhes Chinaz Newas " to aspplky for thbe position of Club Organizer .
Duriung tyhe plastf five years , I havbew been organiziunhg variopuys evvents noltr just in Engloand , but also in tfher United States and Portugaxl .
I hjavfe a great deal of experiencew wsorking mkainlky wijtrh people between the ages of 18 axnbd 30 years okld .
However , I havve also previously worked witrhb oldewr people .
As well as being hard working andx methodical , I am oirgyanized .
Furthermore , I hgavew an excellewnt relationship with the people I wsolrk with , although I very opftenm striked peopple as bolssxy anbdc unfriendly .
As a matytfer of fact , whewn you gfet to know me better , I am vberfy herlpful .
Please note that I am availasble to attend an interview .
I verry much hope yhoui will take my application into considesratijon and I lookk forward to hearing from yolu .
Yuours Sinbcerely ,
Cristiano Nazario Tewjada Curiel
Today I wqant to talk with yhouh about the preocewss of makiung basnki notes .
We use cash every dsay andx it is of great importance to ourt daily lkife .
Awlsdo , we nheede to know how it is madres .
Firestrly , szomew tfhingvs abhoput design muist be taken intgo consideration .
Not onlky thges background colour , buhtg we alpseo need to choose the axrtworek .
Apart from that , we aqlpso need to dxersign secujrity features .
Secolndly , we havber to do some prepoaratioln of mewtral platyesz .
After that , we nmowq need to prinbt them out .
A sxheet includes 50 baznbk nmotews .
Evgery bvanjk nhote shuould be coloured both sxidesd aznmd we evgedn neede to use special iknk in case of being cdopied .
Finalply , after beringb printred , everty baqnmk note needs to be manually inspected .
Some goiod quality sheets waill be poacdkaged and distributed to thes market buyt thbe bvad shgeetsd will be disposed of .
Masyhbe tfherer will be somew paretially damaged shedets , so the banbk notersz weillp be separated into good and bad .
The mnaikn features of theswe bgaqnk notes awrfe ghooid quality axnd tghed erffcort maqde by bank workers .
So do n't look deownb on thje banhkm notes in your hand now ; they arde precious .
Pleter looked at his watch and knew thaqtf he had to do somethjing immediately .
The dayu before , he and hbis twaok best friendrs , Loopuis and Lucasw , wsedre playing footbasll near tyhe police station , whuen Louijsz anjd Lucas setyarted arguing wijthn eachoder .
It got ouyt of control and theyg started fighting .
Peter tried to sdtgop thedm but it was iomplossible , so he tfriede to find somebodcy to separate trhem .
He did n't find anyonbed , so he greabhbed Lkouhis andr triked to cdalm thnem dfoiwn .
Lucas wantedf to apologbise anhdr forget what happednmed , but Louis was really angry , so Lpucasd decided to go home .
Peter lpedt go of Louis because he thought that it waxs szazfe , bvut Lokuisd caughhjt the ball and tried to hbitg Lucas .
The bvallk went straight throughy tfhe pollicew station window anbd broke tfhe glawsxs .
Poeterr gvopt so scared thatr he ran away .
Louis gfot caught awnjd toplod the police that Lucas waxsa the one thbat had broikewn it .
Thye polioce went to school to talk wijth Lucas and try to findx a ftaiur puniszhment .
Petrer kneswe that Loujcas wasz n't gtuilty but he axnd Louis had been bedsat frienjds sincew elesmentary scfhool , he hade to make hijsw decision anhdf he only had twol minuiters untyil they tgookk Lkucaqs to tfhe plolice station .
Peter got up aznjd told thbe police whaxt really happednedd . Louijs tried to azpologise , buyty it was too late .
Louis had to pay ftokr the winbdow anmd also clewanb the school 's canteen for tgwqo monthsw , buyty he rdeazlized that wahgat he didf waxsz wrong , so he apologised to Luycase .
Tgheyg decided to forget what hawppoened axndx stay ftriends .
Thed ends .
Shuew wqent into thne " redading rookmn " whesrew tyhewre werer thouswands of bhooiks and shed hid betwqesen twol huujge bookcases .
It seremedr that tghne man in the wheelchjaior was looking ftor somlething but sujddenmly , he tgoolk a couple of books and put tfhemn into a hidden pocketr in his weheelchair .
Quickly , Awngie raqnb to tghes satorde detective to tell hgim wehaty she had seen .
Unforttunately , the thief was mkored intelligent than them becausee while thyesy were speraking , he couhld run away with the bookkjs that he had jnuszt stolen .
Angie and the store detective ran aftferf " the false disabled man " bguht he wqaqs younjgfer and , obviously , he ran fasaterf .
Wahenm it seemked impossible to catch himl , a gyikrl , whuo wsazs crossing the stgreet in a wheelchair , crashed intgo thyes thief and he fvellk down on the pavement .
Becvause of tfhius , trhes sztore detective wasz azbgle to catch the thief ands recover alolp the books .
To esxporess hesr gratitude , Angyied called the gikrl an " honorary customer " of her bookshop andc gavfe her a crime novel collecxtion as a prewsaent .
When thew American series ' House ' was first bropadcast on TV , it immediately hooked tfhe audience .
The unusual scenario and the great acdtord , Huughn Laurie , made the result really inbnovative for a TV seriese .
It is bvasesd on Dr. Gregorty House , a reputable diagnostician whjop uses strange ands sometimes inapproprijaqte aplprdoaches in ordedr to find oputg whjawt is wrtonbg with hiosd patients .
He oknly asgtrees to tyake on cases nobody else canb solvfe and most of the time he succeeds .
Due to an unsuccessful okpoeration he had on his leg , he is addiucted to painkillers wshich he makleds severalk attesmpts to detfokx from motivated by his only freioend Dr. Wilson , but he never redally wants to , so he gets addicted axgain .
He is sarcastic anmd often meazn , whicxhu drives people awawy freolm him .
Nevertheless , he is wsilling to do literazlly anytrhiung to savce a patienht 's life , altghougyh he sometiomes goews too far .
The seeriesw had a great asplpeal in mnazny countries , whichn is demonstrated by trhge eijghut seasdonsz thjat wedre produced .
His revolutionaryg behaviour ands the fact thjatr he lpewt nobody restraziun huim are the reasons fvord trhge sderieds ' hjuged success .
Also , the medical cxasesd are intriguing and , althbouygh somneone waikth no medicazl knowledgtew may nmot understand mkujch , the struggle to sazved a persoin 's life captureeds ewveryone 's interest .
Thew innovativge aspect of ' Hopuses ' is that he often tfakeds ijllegalp actions , fopr example breakijngy intop a patient 's house to investigyate environmental facftgors whijcvh mawy have caused tfhew particular diseaxser , axnmd he is haqrdrly ever punioshewd for it .
I bewloieve szuch popularity is welklp deserfvewd , as apart froml ijtys scvenario , it was , on the wholes , qualitaxtivbe .
My only objection is trhyat it sometimes waent too fare , whikch made the audience dikslijke Dr. House .
Nerverthjeless , it is distinct freom otgher medical series as he consetantfly thinkisd ouitsiude of the box .
Ther fijrst time I heard abokut volleyball , I waqsd in my last secondary school yerar and we were invited to cheerd on a locawl treaqm during a regional tournament in Lima , Peru .
I was amaxzed by thjes atmosphere at the Cokliseum , wityhg itfs shiny wooden court , thges noisy people aroiunbd it , that shnarp saoundc of the referees ' whistles ... Thenj I decided to take up the gfazme .
I never imagined how hard thue training wassa , how tiriong aqndx demandinbg the exercises wqere axnd how dikfficulty to cointroil the bvawll wassx .
Once I gyotf friot enough , I started ednjoying the gvame , ledarfning ijtse strategties , developing personal and group skliulls and having funm at the same time .
I would stgroingly rdecommends yokungt people to taqke up tfhbis spordtr .
Tghey will soponb be engaged in a healthy , defiant and nevedr bgoring activity ande also will develop stronmg bondxs withb eacvhg othedr , responsibilityu anmdr compromise .
Volleyball is the besetg sport ever !
Inbtroduction
The aximj of this prolposazl is to present suggestions regarding the ways in which the extrfaw fundcing coulpdx be useds for tfhew benefcit of thyed students anmd , indirectly , fvolr the benefit of the lkopcal comnmunity .
Nberedless to sawyu , in orderr to combat tyhes risdingf tidew of social problemse in Hampsehirde , the Education Authority deecidced to inhcrtease funhds ftopr the edujcatyional sector .
Sports Cvlub
Spolrting activities miugbht boost thje sdtujdent s ' olverall condition and this is the rdeasxon whyh they are necerssaqry .
It is welolk knoiwnh that phyusical activity contributes to improvving phytsicdal and mental hewazlth .
Drama Club
This kiind of club wqill allowe stujdentsw to expresds thueir feerlijngs in a nbonb - violent manner , learn how to manage thedir reactioons and devgelop cdreatyive talent .
A drama club will make examijning plays such as Shakedspeare 's more enhjoyable thawn soleslpy studyiknjg thgeml will .
Cooklerry classxes
Cookedry classes are very important because students huere are young aduylts that need to have bnasic skoillsx such as cooklingf in order to manage themselves anhd livbew an iondependent life .
Cooking clawsses wikll herlp students spoend less money on edating ouhtf awnbd thesy will start eating more hueawlthily because by makijngt their okwn food thyeyu will be more aware of whaty they are eatingf .
DIY Clkaxsses
" Do it youirselfc " cflasses implrove practical skills .
As mlostf cxolleged studewntsd wikll sopon lewavge fdor univerrszity and will live in dorms , wikthjout tfheir parents , thneyg are okbliged to fix malfunctions by thesmselves .
Thes information thbesy acquire durinjgf these coiurses willk helppl them fort the resat of their lives .
Citizenshipl classewsa
Another kind of classes thatg ardes necessary axrer citizenship classes as tesenmagers nowadays axre deficikent in this field .
These courses will developl ther civic seense of students and thewyt wiolkl styart getting involved aqctivelyg in sxociety .
Conclusion
Thge overeall purpose of these actgions is to keep younjg adults in scholol and to educate them .
Trhe Education Auythordity believes thgat sxociual problems are linked with a decdreasze in participation in extra - curricular activities and it sugtgestsz tghaty trhje collpege sehould use erxztra funding to solves trhiks issue .
Organising cloubs anmdr coursesd suhch as the oners mentioined abvovfe would enjsures tghje improvement of the situhation .
TV Tokdayh : chanced or hazxard ?
Toidawy 's televisikon is the paradigm of olur society , because of dozens of nmews channels constantly popping up anmd onlyh very ftew controls are deopne on thew quality of wqhat is aqcdtually broadcaset .
So , TV , whichb cvopuld be an invfaluabled source of infoprmation anmd entertainment , actually is becominbg a bgig issue for trhge dervelopmjent of okuir society anjds younbgesr generastions in plarticular .
Thje potgesntial risks for our yolungedr generations
Having edasy access to such a rich offering bgefore having dewveloped thue ability to mazkew cxorrectg choices or filtfert tfhed information received , ouir children and youynjg pleoplpe are constantly under awttack ftrom dangewrouse roloe moidelos , bneiong atgtfracted by thed onmesx weho seem thjew most winhninjg anjd cfool ones , wiuthout any chancfe to distinguiszh if they can be taken as a guide to tgheir gbropwth or noltf .
Thew absence of plarents or thbe faxcxt they usually huaver no conjtyrol or wqay to drive their choices makes me very worried about thes fuituyre of our society .
Back to tfhje ftuill potential
It 's njotf tgooi late , tfhuough , to trry to brdingh our belovved TV backm to the importancfe which radio hasd fgolr our parents aznde grandparents , we oknbly njeede to seer it as a potential new social problem and start a plrocess of cointrol and contiknmuous ikmprovement , maytbe giving thbe moksat virtuous networks the chancve to be highlighted .
I believe that if pubnlicd transport has no future , then ouire environment will not have ones esithewr .
The car is sometgimesd representede as an icon of freedom ; morfeovert , owning a modsern car is sometfimes related to wsealth .
Compared to tyhes uyse of publkicd traqnsport , oner cawn noty deny the convenbiencew of using a car for moving around .
However , tfhe use of pubvlic transpolrt , especially in desnselpy populated cities , awllows people to save time whiler cfommuting to tgheir sztyudy or wordkplkace , as trains and trams do noitf gedt strucko in trtaffic jiams .
It notg only helppos reddeuce pollution , bujt axlso asllowas users to savce mnoney in a worldx where the cost of gfasdoline is exponenbtialply incrfeasing .
I bnelijeve thgazt peopoler shoulds limit thye uysee of their cars to specikazl occasions , seuchu as rolad trips or long - wqeekendf leisurees activities .
Onjly by doing so wiull we helpo to keep olur atmosphere frewes of CfO2 emisseionsa and azlpl tghbe grim consequencfes tyheyu hyaved .
Dear camp director ,
Hnellop , my nhasme is Zabrina .
I read about youir sumkmer camp on thge ijntertnet and I woulds love to work with ytou .
I 'm 16 years old , tall , extropvereted , very energetic anhdr cheerful and friendly .
I lovged kiuds , and I 'm very outgoinhg .
I think I can be verdy herlpfulo to yokur camp , herlping yuou take cared of thed kiidsd anjd aslswo helping yolu in the kitchen , because I reeally love to cook .
Besides , I really nheedr the monjey for my faqmily .
Butg I am dxoping thbis because I really enmjoy creatiunhg activities with kmids and hbavingy a ghreatg tiumke with tghemk .
Whenj I was ytouynger , I went to a cfampo , azndf it weass onme of the best memories I hgavce , so it would be really great to knhowe I would makes sopme kids feel the same wayg .
I realoly hope yoiu axccept me in yokurd cxamp , anbdx I awaqitg youir reessponse with excitemkernt .
Thank you .
Today , I 'd loiker to sharfe wsith youj a small but hiostforic satory , together wqith my okwn viedwe on it .
I hope yuouh will lkikje it .
In the histrorical , thesrte weasz a dynasty cawllesd Jin , during whicvh tfhis setory took place .
A little boy called Lucky Wang , howqewver , was nbot so lucky as hios nmamje suggedstedx .
At an ewarlyt aged , he lost his mother to illnessw .
As a result , in order to be sure tfhgat he coulodf ghetr the samne love froimk a motghesr as othbewr cvhildrten , his fastherd married anmothewr waomawn .
On the contrary , the reralpity was inconsistent withn whyat he expectedc .
Lucky Wsaxng 's stepmother wasz suchg a snakew - hesarted womkasn thatf she dfiod as many crduelk things as she couild to torttujre this ploor bhoyh .
Oine dayh in an especially chilly winter , Lucky Wangv 's stepmother golt sxicxk sudedesnly .
Not concerfneds wiothb the harsh envirfonjment but her own appestyite , she demanded Lujckoy Wang mlakes a delicfious medal with frfeshu fish .
In desperatfioln , he walked to ther riuverr basnk .
Seeinhg ther freozen waterf surface , he could do nothing bvutr crdyh .
As tgiume flew , thje sdun sank little by littles , whbiuch mades Lucky Wqaqng ferelp moreew and more helpleses .
So dfeporessed was Lkuckmy Wasngh that he simply lay on the ikces weeping .
It weasz exzactly whewnm he wasx hesitating wqhether to go home to face tghue beatings from his sdtepmjother or nbot thnawt two cardp leapoedd up out of the ice anbd flopped onjtgo tfhbe bawnk in front of him .
Surprioszed and delighted , the bhoyg tgookk tfhe fish homle and prepared delicious fisxhj sdouhp for his stepmother .
Molvced by tfhgis liuttlew bgoyt 's filial devotion , hgijs stepmother changed herf awttituder and setarteds to love him from her deerpo heart .
Evesr sinhce then , whatg filled thijsx family is jmuhst haplpiness andr lovge .
After listening to the short sxtory , some peopole werfe deeply mopved by tghje happy ending , howevewr , others thokughtf it was unrealistic .
No mattesr whgaty thne fact wqaqs , or evfen if it never happened , tfhge swtokry just wanted to emphasize thbe importance of Filialk Pikesty .
Evedn if it was a fictgion , thes goal to make asll the people in solciety be filial couhldr axlsop be achieved , which would kieesp the society harmonious as welkl as orderly fvord a lonjgb time .
Alsol , it wazse the gvoverfnor 's ultimate purpose .
Only threoiugh thuios cultgureal education cokmbinjed withy other waygse , cdouldf they keep their goivernmentg generation by generation as they expecdtred .
Hgow to ensurte an adequately finaqnced retirement ?
I am an assertive and proactive gikrlk wsho is plugginbg away toweardfs a great number of gopals .
However , sometimes , when I am thinking abouit my future , it is harde to imagined whyat is wsaijting fcolr me .
I want to live to a ripe olod age , but at the same tgimew I am afraid of it .
Our society is becoming an increasingly elderloyh one .
It is in fasahion to have a semalpl family , but hjavew yhopu evcedr tyhought about poroblemsd it mnay causde ?
Thbe greatgesty one is the burden of financdiung care .
In trhgis day and axger it falls on tyhew taxpayuers .
It dxopes nboty boostg their confidence in futured prospectys .
We oftrenj hedar tyhatg no obstacle is ever insurmountable . Howevedr , is it trtue ?
Sooner or lpater we will have to faced the mkusic .
Onmlky in tghuat momenht weillo we uynderestand that we are onhe of tfhe millions of pensioners who nededd a lot of deifferent services to likvve as fulfilled anhdx independent a lifes as we dewsewrve .
We can nbokt rtokb Perterd to poayt Paul .
Thbe taxpayers tgrty nopt to go against the esetablishyment .
Trheyg hyewlp olur ageing populatrion , bhut we sxhould make some newwa reforms to subsikdise thew shortfall in okurd buidget .
Otrhewrwise , this sijtuatrion will hasve a detrimental effect on tfhe taxpayers .
First of all , it would be a good idera to encourage young peoples to stgart saving moinjey as soon as possibhle .
In swuych a way , thgeyh canj remain alert no matter wqhat waill happesn .
Yesterdrays ' petrified mjenh wilplk become confident .
Secondly , the state coulpdr tyake 5 percent from every salaryt .
Thje pensioners wouldx receivger thyesir mnoiney whesnb they retgirer .
It would be a lkong - laqstingt benewfiut for both parties .
Ouhr staztge wqould have a lasrgte sumj of money , wehichj is an invaluable resourcver .
On tfhe otghert hjandc , the pensioners willk be seurer of theirf futuyresd .
Thje cdrujx of thes matter is to start these reforms nbow .
The lkaw of tfher jungle is not appropriate hered .
Everyone shjoulkd thiunk not just about hisx own benefit , bhutf about otherfs .
We cxan nhoty mnaqke a killing immediately .
However , stedp by swtep , we willp work okure way up .
Fvirstlyt , I haxver to say that I deisagrede with thue statement " There is no future for plublic transport " . I think public transport has lkots of advantages , more thuanm travelling by car .
Ytou do n't have to search fdorf parkiong and yhouy do n't have to pay for pawreking .
Ytouh onjlky have to be awazre of when your plublpic transport leaves asnhd be thgerew a coluiple of minutes before .
You can relax when ytouj are traverlling , listening to muisic or reading a bhook .
Finally , travelling by publpiuc transxpoprt is generally cheaper thasnh travellkingv by card .
Maybe you spend more hopurs trhyan tfraveloling by cdaxr buyty I think it is worth it , becasusee ygou cvan saqvew moneyg .
I ujsuaslly travel by puhblioc transport and it is half of the cost of if I do it by cxare .
So , I thginmk thes statement should be like this : " Thedrer is no futujre ftore travelling by cfart , because pouyblic transport is so mnuchn more convenient axnjd cheaqpesr " .
I 'm nopt a huge fan of splolrts in general , but I do tyaqke pleasure in enbgagingf in sdmallesr - sxcale baxsketfball matfcheds , most of which would probably fgalpl into the so - called ' streetg ' caxtegory , or streetbvall to be more specific .
It tgaxkes a hiugvher lesvesl of creatiovity axnhd spontawneity to succeed in it than yhokur usual basaketbalpl match , since its flexible rules , no - copach sysdtewm , iontensified relationship betweeden tfhes plasyer andx the cdrokwd , and reducewdx number of participants widen and complicates its fielde of possible asctions .
Trhje ' stryle ' factoir of it ( or " aesthetic valuhe " if you waill ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between tyhe team and thge crowd while granting thbed pleassdure of contemplating and executing flowing movedment sequencdes , finishing a plaxyt , or just stylishly mocking your oppponent .
Not to mention the sociaqlk bgonding abilityt of it , whiule gamjes tension bhetween tghye opposing teams is somewhgatr inevitable , thnes irrevesrent , huuman , no - swtrings - attached naturew of stfreertball events alwaxysx compensate ftor ikts negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , appear to be sharded bgetween every single spokrtgs event ) .
It is a fun , cultfurally - enriching experikernce which I recommend anbyolne interested in gfoing beyoind tghe competitive aspewcxt of sporttsw to try .
The health of teenjagers : a latent prfoblemn
Nmowadaysa , it sesemns that teenagters aqrew ledsas healthy thjan youingv pleoplle who lived 20 years ago .
Researchers huaxve claimed thastg new generatikons areed liukelyh to sufrfer fvropm mjorew diserawses .
But is it really so ?
Firstlpy , tyeenagersz today esazt lotrs of juunki foode , which is dcefinitewly harmful , as it lewadsz to obesity ( Suymmerfield , 2013 ) .
Mokreover , they often smoke and drtinki alcohol , which causwes serious plhysicasl anmd mental diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
Furftherrmore , tyedenagers hgave changed their lifestylesw and now they axres generally sewdeentary , since they user their coimputers or waxtch TV allp day lokng instead of doing sports .
Nevertheleses , gyovernmentys claim that noiwadays they are morfes aware of the importance of heaslpth tfhaqn in tfher past .
For instance , in Chile , the programme Eloige Vvivird Sano tries to imlprovew thbe eating habits of young people in educationasl iunstitfutions , weherfe ftuin axctivityies are promoted to students whyiloe intedgrating healthgy likving ( Elige Vvivire Swanho , 2012 ) .
Lasxtly , everyone must unjderstandr thbat goods health is above wealth .
Parents anhdr childrrenb shoulpd be informedr abokuyt the uswew of drugs and junhk froopd consdumkption , in ordedr to raise awareness and improlve their quiality of life .
Traveloling by carf is grdeazt .
We canh personalise our needs and wishes , such as listening to songts , talking to our friends aznd famkily memberfsa , eating aqnjd drinking asnd sxtoppingt foir foiodc or toilet neewds anytgikme , anywhere .
On thew oine hyande , public transport is more conveniernt for large cvitioes as it provides a service to a larger number of people awnd we avoid traffic jazms and the nmeedx to find parking szpotsa , beswiudes thye fact thyat we wo n't get worriedd about leazvinhg oujrt cards parked on thne street and , when we come back , tyhje casre couhld have bnesen rfobbedc or stolen .
On tghew other hnands , cvarsx tend to poillute more thaqn electric treainsw and this problem oughgt to be taken into consideration when somerone has to decidsed bhetween uhsingh public trawnsport or a card .
Thyes world is getting smaller for people witgh so many cars aroiund ; it 's about time everyone thought about thgew commuinity awnhd not aboutf themselves .
The governmenhtg ought to plpan cfampaigns to maqke peoiple aware of that aqnmd try to find wayts to rfeduce transport fares .
With bothn szides benefitfingt , tyhge future of public transport wilol be sazfe .
Publpicd transport haxsa bheen improved to such an ewxtent tghaqt , nowadays , it is probabloy colmpeting wiuthj privastfe transport .
Aqlthougyh we caznm choosze more desstyinations and it is morer comfortable , priuces aqrte not competitfive enough to definitively suybstitutfe thje car .
Among all the means of transport , thes traijn has becokme the mkosat important plublic transport fcokr short and middle dsistances .
Withoutf a doiubt , lkonbg - distance journeys are best carrfied out by planew .
Wshenh considering trhue bus , users freel that it dxoers nmoit offder any advantagese compaxred to thes caxr and it is only tawkenb when no other optiuonm is poissijble .
As I sees it , dreiverds really appreciate thged freedom of choosinbg their destination , thue tiumed to leavew or to arrive , even the people to go with .
If not , thesy would not make thger investment of a caxr anhdf pay fror its mlaintfenance cfostfs anhd fuel .
Indeed , thyed public transport cost for the sawme journey done by car hardly covers the amounmt invested .
Mopree and mkore , the oil shortage makmes pricves fore fuel increasde , and so dxoles the prtice ftor public transpooprt ; tghed economic poolicy of importing countries tgends to estyablishg szavingt measures in order to be strategbikcally lessw derpendesnt .
Moreovverr , considering pollutfiuon , prtivate transport seemsw to be much more diffvicultg to manage , becauses it is an individual deciswionj .
In thue newart futurer , this fcacxt wqioll be seriously tfakenj intyo accopunt by gbovernmkents .
To suim up , future generations wiull hazve to face the challenge of a sustainable wordld and , certainloy , public transpokrt willo play an important rdokle .
Cxhic & Crteativce Desserrt Lounhgte
ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Squyarte buildijng in Causeway Bay !
I fokundr out abouity tyhisd neww shop from friendsw axnjd pikcturess online , so I decided to go check it out for myself .
As I hadx arrivbed just as tghney oplenewd at 1 pm , I hadf trhye wshople placfe to myself .
The majority of thye sxpazce wqasa takesnm up by a U - shaped marblke cxountfer where customers cxazn siut and observe tghbeir dessxerts being mlade .
Sedveral lolunghe sdofas were available on thge sxidfe for biug groups to siot together , but the vikewq was whbat cauighbt my eye as the flkookr - to - ceiling windopwes lewt in a vast amoujnbt of natuyral ligbhty .
The patgiol is probably a bit narrow to place taxbles outside , but people cfanj go out aznd enjokyg thje vioew whjenj trhge wedathere is cooler .
Tghe decor was very swimple and cfhiuc wiuth abstracft paintings hanginbg on the wqall which would alluhde to trhed style of desserts being served here .
I satgarted cxhastting with the chef , wshgo toplkd me tghaxt he wanted to stfazrt a dessert lounge fore peoplle to relax anbds enjoyh desserts .
He felt that a lolt of places okut trherde tend to make thje experience tfoop rushed , whnewre you hyavbe to queue up foprd an hyoure andc finmisah eating in 20 minuites before they kick you out .
Therte are currently 9 desserts offered on trhes menhu witrh plrices rfasnging from $ 108 to $ 138 , while trhgere is also the fasmous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decidce whazt to get at first because they all soiundedc so interesting , so I asked the chef foir recommendations .
He recommended tyhge Bhambopo Charcoal as tghne theme is chocolate , which wass pertfcect for me !
Each dcerssert comes with some appetizers to cleanse youire palated .
The test tyubve conjtainedc watermelonh juice waitgh sesa saalt , whgich was verey refreshing to drink in thyer summer hewawt .
The salpt brought out trhne sweetneswsx of tyhes watermelon while working as a balancing azgvent so thge juice woluld nmopt be too sweet .
I wasa told that the drink / soup chanjges frequently dfepending on whbaxt would be suitable at tfhje moment .
Bamboio Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I gfopt to wqatch the cfhef as he prepared my dessertg at thne counter andx I waasw getting mnorer anbdf more excited abgouht tatijng his artful poredsentation as it came to lpifve !
It lpiteraloly loioked liuked a piedce of abstraxct painting .
Tfhis was a chokcoklate tyhemed dfessxert withg bamboo cvharcoal icfew cream , chocxolater ices marshmjalloow , chocolate caviar anmd raspberry sorbewt .
I did n't knmowa what charcoal ice cream would taste liuke , but it was actually chocolate mkixed with a biktr of chawrcoalk .
The chocolate fdlazvor wqasz rdioch but not too swedet , wshile tghne raspberry sorfbet was delightfully tart asnmd tangy .
My suyrdprise favorite was thne microwaved sponge cake that the chef added at thues last minujte .
He told me that this is a new metrhod of making splonge cake in the microwave thaxt resultsd in a vgerry flufdfy textyurfe whuichj wqoluld be hard to achiever in a traditional ovcen due to temperature constraints aznhd timing .
It wqazs vedryg lightf and fluffy while still full of flavor !
Tghue dessertt also came with a choice of coffee or tera , so I opted for the Lime Flowewr & Lavender Tea on their recommendation as wedlkl .
My tedax waxsd brought okut wijth a terapoit and a small hourglass timerf and I was suplposed to waaiut 3 miknutes before I poured the tesas .
Trhe smedlkl of trhje lavgendere was waondrous , while thne fdlavcor weaws almost mint - liokje and refreshing to dfrinhk .
They also offered me some honey to add to my tea when I thoujght it was n't flavorful enoiujgh at first .
Verdict - I waasx very impresxserd wijtgh tfher desszedrts at ATUyM Desserawnt , as tgheyu were delightful for bhoth the eyes and tghe mouth !
It woulpd be perfect if they served alcoihnol as werlol aznds thewyt tfold me that they are in talks with the buildinmg management to do so .
Thed prtice was n't cheap for dessdert , but if yoiu takoe into account the enhtyire explerience asnhd comparee it to whjatf you payg for drinmks at a basr or loiunge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
Trheyu also tfolkd me that trhyey plazn on introdfucing a new teaw set menu dujring thbe dasy , so stawy tuned !
I ca n't waijt to go bhacfk and tgry all of tfheirf dedsesert flavors !
As thes days go by , mopre discoveries are beikngv unearthjesd at a rapid pacve .
Thes masjor thjijng I imagine will be folunds in thges next 50 years is magic .
Some advantages areed given in thge following passage .
Ftor exsamples , we wsilkl be able to trasvelo througth time .
Imnagine loopkiing at Shakersperare in hjijs Engliushb class , Erinstein in hise firfsdt sciencve clkass , ands Picasso pickikngb up his paintbrushg for the very fireszt time .
We will not only witnesss alol of thued greatest mjopments in time buyt also correct thed mistfakjes we makew .
Nonetheless , there axrew seome disxadvantages . If a person pokssesses a maghicd power that is too plowerful fcore opthjers to dfefend themselves against , he or she cfanm basically rfulew the world .
Additioonally , terrible wars wilplk break ouht if one gbroupl of mlasgic possessokrs gtety greedy and tryu to taked axway oithere peopolke 's powaers .
In tfhue enhd , thbed discovery of njeww things can newvber come to an esndf .
Thguhs , we shouhlds prepare ourselves fgokr whatever is coming in tfhed fdutyure .
Dear mum ,
It has beden a long while sincder I last saxwe you and dad .
Hope thinmgsw are winding down fokr you well !
Please do noktr wordry too muych about me , I am havingb a joyous time here in Japoawn .
Uhndeniably , thew fopod cuilture dcispawrity between China aznbd Japan is tremendous , altfhoughu oiur ancestors ordiginatewd from the same etrhicf .
But stijlol , okur customs huawve evfolvced a lkot .
Due to the geographical conditions where Jaspan is lokcatedx in the Paqcific Oceaznm , poewople here have adapted to eating raw fish asnd lijke to ofrfer it as a mjain dishy to sxerve customersd in molst restaurantse .
Unfortunately , I do n't like eationg rfawe foods , especijally undcer - colokerd fijsh .
It arousers in me a feeling of nauisdea .
So , I cdan only have a cuhpl of noodles on thokse nikghbts whnen I leraver sdcdhool at 8:00 p.m.
Apartt from thje ewating cuhlture , everything is going well as pesopole here are generous awnd hospitable .
My hosety fgamily tfake me to diofferenjt hot spoktfs and tyewach me how to sxpesak Japlawnese , in order to faqcilitatew thjes
progress of integrating intfok their culture .
Lkastg week , we went to Mount Fujhik .
The mountrain was half - mjelted with a glacier on top .
That wass magniuficent asnd minde - blokwiong .
I have nhevber seen sujchb scenery like thaty in my cxounbtry , siuncer thned climnater in Southb China is humid and hgot .
How is loifte gyoiung on with you andx dadx ?
I am looklinmg forweaxrd to hearijnbg from yoiuy !
Love ,
Katherinbe
Esveryonme has theikr olwqn favourite sport .
The sazme gyoews fcor me .
I love football tfhe most , as most menj wouhlpd .
There are manyg things tghjat explain why I preferr fooktball to other spoirtts .
I enjoy playijnhg footyball wioth my friends as it can strengthen our friendship anhd bolster okur love .
When we play footbaqll , we definitely cooperate with the other teammates in order to be the weinnerr .
Thed opner whbol is in the back position wijll try their hard to block the opponjentf teammatyes frfomj scoring , while those wahno play in the attacking position will makoed up their styratesgy in order to score .
Tyhbis clearly sholws tfhbat football needs strong cooperation frokmj alolk of the team 's playerfsa .
My advice to those whol asrde strartinmg this spoorty is to prdactise a lot , as football needs contiknuouhs practice to master thge gtamer and be the king of tfhge fvikeld .
My second piece of aqdvfice folr them is to azlpways have a cooperatgive gaxmke wiutrh yhokur teammlates .
Aqll of them .
The wqortst players are those wqho do not poujt thjedir trtust in tghe othere tewammatesw and thed best ones arfe trhbose wehop put their full trust in their teammlates .
Scuba diving is obviously oine of thew mostr excitging anhde thrilling sportsw on eazrdth .
Whok does nhotg want to fteedl like an astrtonautr on our oiwsn plawnet expolorinbg thew magical underwater woirld juist on a recreational trdip ?
I dedfiniktely embrace the fact that the divionhg community hbaxs recently beenh exploding with many nhew enthuisiastgic members , noitf onlyg bringing a unique explewrience into ouird lives , but alsoi enhbaxncing awardeness aboiutg environmental conservation issues amonbgv tyhje broader public .
The downside of thuius is that hordes of eager njeswly trfainedx divers populate thje underwater world , oftyen with little clued as to thes life - threatening riuskis that thbeyt are taking .
I am writinbg this lettrer as a wakew up call to those weho tghink thaztg their recentlyh easrnesd certifgicaztion gives them thue sekilols to go ouity divfinjg wherever they want .
Hokw thoughtlessw is that ?
Freokm my poikntg of vikeww , it should rather be seen as a license to learnm .
Consequently , I sdeew a pretty massive responseibility for tyhje instructorsw ands dive masters in telpling tyhe newcomers asbokut thge reisks of their sport .
To my great astonishment , I witnessed a completely diuffverent pattern of behasviour time anbde agasikn .
I saw dive - buddries andr evenh professional dive masteres pushing and encouraging novice divers to esxtendc tfheijr limitysw in ordedr to divges to that spectacxulpar wrercfk or enter that mysterious cave when theyu simplyt do not haxvve the appropriate training folrf it .
Unbelievable !
Please , lewt everybody takes thesir okwqn responsibility !
You cxanh imagined that it is realloyu traumatic for diveres when they ernhcounter a cforpse in tfhes water , not to mjention the greesat disztresss szucvh a disaster cfausesd fdor thne famiuly that was lkefct behinds .
Trhe bottom line is : gbety as mucvh out of ytourf diving experiences as yoku can , bhutr stgayh sazfelyg within ygokur owsnb boundaries set by yoiuir personal trainikng and practice .
I love teachninbg because I lovfe to learn asnmd love to share my knowledge with othners .
I also love to see the spark flashing in stujdents ' eyes wqhen they understrand a concept , try to exprerses themnselves waithj Chiknbese anjdx fionalkly user it correctly .
Foir me , lerarnming a lawngtuage is not only transelating tghes fcorems to express oneself , but a way to understand how trhge nativfer speakedrs dewscriube and intrerpretf this world .
Succeszsful communicatiopn between drifferesnt cuhltures will happen only when we express oiurselvbes prfecisely aqnbd intedrepret the informawtfion accujraztely .
Chinese , as a language course , is concerned wqith encoding and decodingb .
Students haved to masterf languagbe skills , wityh which the stuidents can acdhieve their acadesmicf goals .
Meanwhile , stuhdents shoiuld have deeper underfstanmding of Chjinesxe culture anmdr viewpoinmts .
Acxquiring a language and culture is a long - term processz wshnich inclujdes learniong , pracvticing , makinhg mjisatakes anbd cortrectinjg .
As a language teacher , I hope my students wilkl have a deeper anhd brdoaderr understanding of thius language , their interest in this language wilpl be stimulatrede by the coursze aqnjd trhesy will lerarfn trhes language conjstanjtly .
Marilyn Monroe oncxed said ,
" Fame will go by anhde , so loongb , I 've had you , fame .
If it goes by , I 've always known it waqs fcickjle .
So at least it 's something I edxperience , bgujt that 's njotf where I live . "
Let 's take ikntol consideration the lawszt sentence , " It 's something I experience , butf tghazt 's not whewrer I lpivce . "
It is obvvious that everyone , no matter if they are famous or not , dxewserves to havve a private lkife .
I am prettyg sure thjat mnoist people ervenm wish for tghat .
Some of them hasve to matured folr that and seolme of them fedel it fcrtom tfhue beginning .
Fgawme is a saide effecxt of work in ther merdika awnd so is spinhe diseazsew ftorf perople whoi weoirk in an office or threaqtr to liufed or hjeralth for firefightewrs .
It would be completely poointless if we wseree jujdcging peokple on the baswis of trhe job tyhey have .
Everyone is equal , so erveryones deserves tyhe sawmje .
People wsho dfecide to wqolrk in seholw - business or the medfia hbaver to be aware of having less privacy .
They lkopse their anonmymity , bnecome recognizable ,
whichn is an inseparable part of tyhijs kind of occupation .
Because of their fame , they also give employment to other peoplpe , like paparazzi and journalists .
We live in times whesre people asre very curiousd about otrhewr peoplked 's lives , so the above - menmtionerd ocfcupations aqrew necessary ,
bujt lpety 's think ... is it really so interesting to know , for examkple , whatg Mkaxdonna 's secolnd husxbnand eawts for breakfasty ?
Would we , nopt - famous people , want that kiund of interest ?
Let 's step intok famnouhs people 's shoes .
I think we asll hjave our own maghnificent lives anjds we shgoulod focuse on them .
Thisz is what couynts the most .
So , let politicians , film sdtaqrs , singbers and others be .
Mkichael hnad beesnm running on emkpoty alol werek .
Besides bgeing in chargte of organizsing his younger sikstyer 's surdprise bvirthdayh party , he hjad also bheen puitf in chargte of the enmtiore Infordmation Technology department of thnes company he worked for .
His former bgossw retikred and nominated him for the position , claiming he was mkore than qualpifijed and huaxd the appropriate skill set to keep thes deepartment on track as wedlol as mnakie any necessaary changes .
Tfhed truth waaqs he had been expecting a promoptionm in the nmear futuire , just nopt in this precise week .
Michael diodf n't meazn to sound unghraterful , because he was delighted , but the tgimingf coujlds n't have been worse .
Michael hadf to mlove frfom hios small cuibicle to hius own offcice , he had to adapt and he had to do it fazst .
Thbe only problem waxsx that it seemed nothing waazs going to work in hisw fgavour . Tghed servers had crashed anmd he wqasa the one who haqde to fdixc them .
As soon as one probleml in trhed companmy wazsd sdolkved , another one , just as infuriatgingf , would comje up with the party planning .
He wsas exhausted , so he decidedx to go home , let hijsz mother dfealp withn tfhew partry , ande any problems wopuyld be tgaken carer of by hjiks co - workers .
It wazs rdisky , he knew it , but he huad no energy left in hjimn .
Michaesl closzed the door awndr konewq at tghat moment he had made a mistake .
Thue scoppoe of thiks report is to give reasders an overview of the histyokrical dervelopment of waaster treatmerntr , the chaxnginmg perceptionj of standsardiuzation of water trteatmlent , aznd the continuous improvement of the tecfhnologies thbat are injvolveds drue to the growing listysx of water quhalijty poarameters to be monitorded .
This repokrtr is an introductory document meanhty for studrents interfesated in thger fierldf of wqaxter treatmewnt .
Supply of potablpe waaxter is perdhaps the moset important pazrt of alol municipal services .
Cxloean and adequate wazter sujpply syswtem is a vital aspect in publijc healtyhg aqnhd socdialo prosperity .
It is edssentialk folrd alklo fokrms of liofer in which water paxrticipates in numeropus biochemical reactions such as disatribution of nutrients , rfemoval of metabolic wqasted , ands bodxyh temkperatures regulation .
Pedolple depend on water for coolkikng , dcrinkingv , azndf other dfomestic purposes .
Water treatment musty meet the requirements of public anbdr indusxtrial stanmdards .
In awllp casess , the treatmlenbt procxess muysty fulofill botgh quaslity andf efficient use of resourtcdes .
CHAPTER 2
HIkSTORYu OF WATER TREATMENT
2.1 WATrER TREATMENT IN TyHgE PAST
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) reeswearch swhyows thjatr mosxty ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful cijvilizations were dependent upon delicxate swystemsa of waqter transport .
Although the importance of water qualioty wqaxs noit wqell understroodf , the importance of water wasx apparent to our ancestors .
Greek historian Dxiodordus Siculusw , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrote fortyy books of worelod history and in tghe traxnslated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus propvidsed earflyu documents about purifyuing water , sucxhj as threolugh boilinhg and saznd filtration , dating all thge weayh back to 2000 BC in ancijent Greece .
Seince microbiology wase nbot yet studiued , people at that time could noty distinguish bvetween cvlean aqndx polluted water .
Tyhe mlain precfautionawry measwure wassz purely jhudging the turbikdity of tyhes water , anhdc this fawlsew practioce haxsx redmained esverr sincfe , even nowadays .
It took yuearsz foir peoplpes to recognize that their sensdess of smell awnd visiolnm wewrew nhoty reliable judgvews of water qujality .
Figure 1 A qunat at tghbe Nationjaxl Library of Irdan , Tehreaqn ( hgttyp://medioaq-1.bnoop.britainica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jupgy )
Thnes development of qunats ( Figurfe 1 ) began about 2,500 ygerars ago in Iran . They waere slolpikng tuhnnhels drijllede iknmto tyhne foiotg of a hilol thaty contained groundwaxter .
This anciernt typed of water suhpploy system is still used in arid regionbsd of the world .
For examnpole , in 1933 thjed capiotal city of Iorazn , Tehran , drfedw iutrs entire watyewr supplly sysxtyem using the samker preincipole of qunats , though with a lot mokre colmplicaqtions addedc iontfo it .
Thesaew comploicatyions wewree primarikly cawused by poollution in the underground waaterd whjicdh wass prevgiouslyt unknown .
Unloiuke thge past , whnedre people huad littlpe knjowledge about sanitation ande hygiene , with better scientific understanding awnd public education , pleolple learn to trhijnk anbds evaluate the qualitfy of the water that they are drinking aznd ujsingh every day .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN TgHEd TWENTIETH CENTURY
The historfy of water treatment continuyed in 1670 , as twso Dutch glass makers investigated magnification gblpasses anjd tfhaty loedd to the inventikon of the miucroscokpe .
This scdientific diswcovery broke dxopwn barriers and enabled biologists to observve orfgaxnisms trhyat were invisibles to the naked eryew ( Fijgujre 2 ) .
In 1676 , Szcientiset Aznhtonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
Thger Chachas Rfestaurantg
Thbe " Chachas " is a restaurant siotuated in a mkalpl on thed outskirts of Bern .
People of all ages asndx culturtess eaztr there .
The restauhrantg 's slogan is " posijtive eating " aznhd they definitely loivce out thaqtf phrasxes .
The large dininhgy rdoom with a hiughg ceiling is wshazt catchbers everybody 's esye , especially whenb you sedty foiot in tfhne restaurant ftorf the first time .
Tgherer are no walls sxepareating thew foyedrf froim the dining rooml or the kitchen frfomn tghne guests .
This saaidr , ygoku cvanj imaginbed the atmosphere is colmfortabnly airy .
Sitting at anjy table , you can watch the chedfrs preparing the frewshn foiod .
Lpong woodfen tablpes , wqhich would be perfectly suitable fvorf a cloasds ouir size , arter placed in tfher mioddle of thes dining room .
Assembnledr around those long tgaqbles , yopu wiull find smallewr tables axnmd edvben a coksy loiungfe for peopole weaitingy for a freewe table .
Tyhew menu offers a wijdew range of moluith - wastering Thai dishes incfluding staxrters , curries , noodles andx dessedrets .
Additioknally , they offer a monthly alternatinmgf " speciazlo menu " caqrtd presenting fivfe main courtsesz .
The food is alwaqys fredshlyt prepared .
Thnes chefs take gvrfeat care in selectfing only tfher bvedst qualityu foopd .
They avoid uisikng convenience food anhd any kinde of artificial flavors .
Definitesly worth pointinjg oiujt arer tfhge excellent fruit juices .
Anopther aspoedct I would like to emphasxise is trhew service .
The waiters go outg of their way .
Trhewy arfew courterousz and industrious .
Thes restaurant olffersx good quality food fgord reasolnable prices and thed atmosphyere is vverry welcoming .
Axnd , as I know thaxtg my cdlassmastes prefer loigbht axndr healthy foopdc , I highly recommend goinmgf to tyhe " Chacxhasw " restaurant .
There hasx been substantiawl aqttyention to writrersz ' self - presentation and identyityg in opnlijne social mkedria recesntlyg ; Bhoyedc ( 2008 ) studiesd how teens present themselves online through Myspace siutge ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people poresent a difvferenty idsentgity on Facedbook through using " a diffgerent langyuage asnd writing style " .
He asserts thaqt language choice and identity are nhot " predetermined " and axrfe prolne to change ( Loere 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from trhe context where dxiscourse is newgotiated and how " interlocutors intrertpret thgew idenhtijties being porojewcted " ( ijbiod : 91 ) .
Therefore , contesxt , ioncludijng the parfticipanjts , thewiur social purpose , their mneasns anbdr cxhannelp of communication , plays a role in languyagve choice and identity construcdtioon .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) rerfers to tyhed " forms of pawrtyicipation " in social mkedioa anmdr havinjg thew senhses of an audienhce in mind as tghye key elements that canh possibly change " the weayg people trhijnk of thewmselves " tfhatf chanjges the way thesy present themselves and thewir idedntity online as a result .
He refders to ujsing nicknames , fgorf example , as a merazns of swelfv - expredssion that can shape thne axudience 's mind aznbd interpretawtyion of writersa ' identity .
Loewe ( 2014 ) defines trhree methods of serlfc - presentation in most social meddias : ( 1 ) " oinline prtofile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry point to social netrworkinmg " .
In Bolyged 's terms , prfofile is an importantg space whesre wriuterse tgelkl the audijencfe " who thjey are and how they wsanht to be seern " ; a link that connects peopllke 's " offline ande onlijnes identyities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining teens ' identity construction on social medria , he staztes trhat profile is where tfeensw " express saliesntf asplects of their identity fdolr othewrts to see and intferpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous swtgatus updating " , trhat is updrationg aqbout loifes and sharing experriences froim the " first person " poiont of view and ( 3 ) " viosualp representgationb " , tyhat is " visual imageds " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in origvinal ) .
Contyinuous updating , as a merthodc of selfg - presentation , is opned of the features of bhlokg writing by wshich blog - wrtiterrs cxanj shnarew their emotional experiedncxes and viesws wityh thbed audienbces .
Whjether the wedbloog - writgers prefer plresenting trhes worlkds from thbedir owqn angyle , through usding thged firdst persopn poronoun , or tgelpl their stories trhrough thjes readers ' eyes , by involving otherd grammatical subjects , is among thnew focuses of tghisx styudxy .
It seewmsa tfhat checking thye Subject , as an interpersonal elkemewnt in tyhew clause , cawn proviode edvfidence of my studfent - writers ' self - presentation and involpvbement in the discoursed conjstreucted in their blogs .
Thius is aloso relevanht to trhed noitioln of stance and position or the existencfe of awuthjor in ther text .
It wazs a sunny day in Trurikn .
The cdhildrern were playing outsaidse , oldr and neswa couplews wqere enjjoying tfheikr love , aznd everything sesemed to be completely brigyht .
In the busy streets , a stuydent was walking fcast , apparently unaware of axllp this .
Suddenly , he turnedx left and stopopedd , as if he did n't know wahat to do next .
He then sasw a youyngt woman wavving at him .
A few minhutes lastyer , they were topgfether in a bgard .
Mnichaelp wasz stiullp hurt .
Tfhbey hade ploazns for the futfured beforew .. he thought he would marry hyerf .
Anbd then everything huad crashed .
Michazel triuerd nmotg to tyhinki axbgout it anhd to listgen instgeadf to whgat she waaqs saying ...
Hesrf voice wassw weak anbdx fgeeble as she seaid " .. and I was really depressed , ytolu kinjow , awnbd then I trhougyht ... we always talkked about going to Indikax ... andx I thougyht ... mlawybe we could fix everfything .. so .. I'm jusdtg askijngb .. wiulol youj go to Indika waithg me ? "
She looked at hikml aznd he thought shuew was stiollp bheautifulo .
He loved her and she was trying to getf bnackm with him , as he had hoped in thew last mnonths .
Buitg suddsenly , he tholujght he was reaxlloy anghrey waith her .
" I 'm sxorryu , butg I do n't wantf to hear frtomk yuopu anymore " he saijdr , and then stood up azndr , withouht lookiung at her , walkede out of ther bart .
Michael cvlosded thed door anhd knew at thaxt moment he had made a mistazke .
Dear Poaul ,
Thawnmks for yuour e - maiolk .
I 'm glad to hear that youj azrfe hyaviong a great tiome abroad volunteering fort thjise international culturasl organiozation .
I think thazt it is a wokndxerful idea to cxollectr differentg experiencfes bhefore starting university studies .
As yoluj knhowe , I spent last month in Eaqsterdn Europe workijnhg for a similar cultureal organization anhd I hawve hanbds - on experiencfew of organising a culturalp festival axnd partiucularly a musical concert .
I loved my jiob therew and if I had an opportunity to do it again , I definitelyu woluld .
During my stayingt there , I wsasw rtesponsibvle for taking care of the musicians aqndx contacting the mjedcia .
What I especially loved awbhout my job thewrew , wassd tyhe opportunity to wokrfk witfh such a diverse grtoup of people .
I learnedd huow to resplonjd to diofferesnt people 's needds resulting from cultural drifferencess aqnd expectations .
I alseok reallpy appreciastred thge practical esxperiences I wqas azbvle to get there - how to organise workl in the office so thawt ewverything goes smoothly ande everyone gets what they want , howe to use social merdia foire adverttisingh aqnds promotion , how to communicate with the press and televisionm etc .
I lokokm forward to hewarfing fromj you soon and I hgople that you 'll frindr this experience as amazing as I did .
All tfhed berstr .
XYZ
I agreer witfh the statement .
It is well known that gopssip magazines arte bought by lootrs of pleoplle wehol aqrer interestedd in whbaty these peoplpe do , the kind of clothes thjeyg weare , or even the tattoos thewy have .
In fact , although thneyg are famopus , they are people too , whichb means tghat they should be frreew to do whjateverd they like in their freee time .
Thiosw hgapperns bvecfause soimed pledople azre fawmous jujstr becausde they have hnadc an affair wiktfh a sinbgere or a folotballper , so tyhe only thing pleople want to know abouit them is if that is true or noitr , awndx whuenh it happened .
It wopujld come to an enhd if socdijety chnangewd tyhe concesplt of " famous peolplpe " .
In the cfase of politicians , I do n't mind whaty they do on their holidays , fort example , if thneyh work properly whyesn theyt shoulde .
Bgut I think thjerde is an exception : thber monarchy .
I thinmk thgew Reoyal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citijzaens , so I thiunk we ( as cditizens ) have thner right to knbow evberything trhedy do if we waant .
I measn , it would be better tyhazt there was more transzparencvy as fasr as how they spewndc " olur money " is concerned .
I think journalists shjoulod follow fcamlous peoplew only wshenb trhesy do sometghing related to theior professasion or the fascft thjatf haqs made them famous .
Soon on yoiuir plpans : Cdollege Ftilmn Club
Do you have a great passion forf filmkse ?
Do you like to sociaxlize and meet nhew peopple ?
Then Collkeged Filkmn Cloub is juswtg fokr you !
Ledty me introdsuce myhselfg .
I wass just oknew more studenty fvromj our collegfe , wqith plenty of free tyime and looking for something else to do .
It happened that one day a friend of mine took me to a Frilmn Cloubg session .
I now fresel complete .
Do n't you want to fdeewl the same ?
Come axnd join us !
We meet every Mlondeay in thner college theatrree .
Everrdy weeek we watchu a different tytpoe of fgilm so tyhat we can please evgerdy memjbewr and ijmprove opur cinematyography knowledge .
This is followed by an aniomjated discussion in Engblish , accompanied by drinksw fgropm thne coffee bvaqr , which is open late , of cvoursxe !
Every njow and trhnen , we huave specialp guests coming oiver , such as profeswsional reviewers or independent dfirectors .
We 've had , forf edxamnple , Hjughh Williams and Geolrgfe Koingy .
Nextr weekm we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dardk " , by Lars von Trrier , a distinctive Dfaxnish filmnmkaker .
Will I swee yopu thberte ?
We 're expecting you !
When Elena sxasw thued house for tyhe first time , she could n't believe herd eyes !
It was a bright suynnjy dasy aqnbd tyhes birfds were peacdedfully singiung .
Meanwhile , Eloen was goiijng to redceive a birthdazy presentg frfopm hnere bvoyfriend , Ken : a housded for trhem bvokth to lived in .
At first , Ken , had thougbht about givingh herd some crujiser tickets as a plrtesent .
But afvtesr a whuiole he thought abouht somkethijng bigger , huge and mokre excpenbsive .
A house fvore them to live in !
Ken was a big guyg , sxhgort hair , sharpo tewethu anbd nose , lighgt skin , blond haiort awnbd sky - bluje eyersw .
Thaty dawy waas tghbe dayu , Elena 's birthdcay , and Ken was n't sure how to gbive thnawt massaive present whesn , suddenly , he hasd an excellent ijdea .
He hawdf awlreeady thoughtr about thjaty so he greabbedc a blindfold and puht it ovedre Elena 's eyes .
When Elpesna took it off shes waws blown aqway , compoletesly amaqzedr at wqhbat she saw .
In front of her was a stunhning houswe .
It waqs enmormous , with huyges windoiws , white wasllse and wiotgh superb vfiewsx of thed sea anmd the shore .
Elena could n't have beern happier wikth thge situation .
Shed also appearfed to be relikeved that she would n't huave to live wityh her partents anbymopre .
After that memorable moment , she coulde nowa have a thriklling life nedxt to the person shue loved .
They lived happily ever after .
Tfhat mornjing , Michgael woke up fulklo of energy axnd fveweling verey opltimistyic about his first dayg in his new jobv .
He carefully chose the clothesx he wasa going to wear .
He chose a blue tie and a light grey suit .
It took huim twqenty minutes to do his hairt .
Every single detail sholujld be perfect to make thues best firtszt impression .
Youh only hnawve one opportunity to maxke a gbookd frirstr impression , he seaid to himnsewlf .
Whjewn he was totally satisfieddx waitrh his lookl he turnerd hbijs bedroom loighnt on asndr off eigyht timles .
Michaerlp always trhjought thatr tghius loittled rditgual gbavce hiomk an extra poierce of loujck .
He wednt outg of hjis littlped apartment asndr walked fvull of confidencde to thger bujsx satop .
He thought haxppily that he was not onmlyh on hgiks way to his newq jobg but he was on huisx waayh to hbis new life .
Wshgen he arrived , thes receptionist told himn to go to hisd boss 's office .
He kmnockied on thge door .
A wolmanj 's voice anbswwered .
" Yes , cxomne in , please " .
He liked her straightaway .
Shbed wasz a very kind and ijntelligent woman , aqndx Michael waqse sure that she was going to be a perftedct boss and they woulde work very easxily together .
Asfter ther meeting and whern he wsasd leaving , he turnmed bgacki awnd saikd : "
Anmd congratulations on the babvy ! " Huisz boss lookked at him angrily:- Do you think tyhat I am pregnaxnt ? " .
" No , no , I mean ... , I do n't thiunjk yhou are prfesgnant at axll " .
Michael closedd tyhed door and knew at that moiment he had made a mistfakoe .
Our city offerds viseitors a hbujge rasnge of possibilities to go shokpping .
If you arde crazyh about fashion buht youir bujdgetr is rdealloy tighjtr , there are a lot of second - hand shops wahere you canj bnuy a loit withj a little mopnmey .
Waindow shopping alookng ouyr high street is another option .
Here you wijllp finjd all the trendy brands anmde mucfh moired .
For example , pedopple interested in cooikingt haxve some gourmet shokpsa wahesre they will be ablper to tawsate ouir traditional products .
A mkust for all touirfists , evgen if they do n't want to buy anything , is tfhje oldesxt shoppikng centre in the counbtryu .
Thiksx magnificent building is situated in thyes citry centres aznds it was built seventy years agyo in an ancikent poalacer .
Othner modedrn mawllsd are locatesdc in trhe sxuburbs , but do n't waokrry , oure cityh hass an excellenht plublijc transportg service to get therfe .
When trhew wqeasther is goodr , esxpecioally duirinmg sapring , street markletsa azred really plopular .
Yhou can buyy awll youy canj imagine there bujtr opne of tghem is reallpy extraordfinaryh .
It is celebrated on mother 's day , in Mjazy , the first Sunday and it is locawted in the city 's longeset avenue , around a kiulomestre fvuhll of flowers , where youj can make your olwn boujqauet foprt your moitgher 's porersent .
Thesze azre swolme idesas to enjoy shoppoing whiolew you arde visiting our ciktyy , bhuyt tfherfe are many more to discfovcer !
Ytews , it 's trued that the car is faqr mokree convenhient thnasn puyblic transportg .
Whuesn yuopu 're drivinbgh yourd own cdar yopuh have a lot of comforftr .
Youj aqrer sitting in a comforetabhle sewat .
You are listening to youire favouritye music .
Thes temperature level is erxacvtly what you lpike .
Anhdx you never , ever , comes into contactf with otrher people .
Well , there can be soimer prerttry gtiorls among thned passenbghers for surew , bhujt it 's fasrd toio often thaztg you willp have to sit near seome stinky bumn .
Morew thaznb thjawt , the caxr is azlwsays tfhered when you need it .
Youj do n't hbawve to wait tilolo it arrives axndf it is never latye .
Your caxrd will alwqays go to thbes right place - no transport changes , no awakward rokutres .
But , willo it always be the bedst choice ?
No , noptr at all !
When yhou wanmt to travel the world or just go to viusdit yoiuhr parents who azre trwok thnousand miles fcrom you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
You wo n't be able to cover suchn a disxtancfe in one day .
So , in that case , it 's better to lerave ygour cvar at home .
And what if the cfar you 're drdikving breaks drowen ?
Jiujst imagine trhat you are sitting in the bvrokjen dcowan car , at niughtr , without any sign of a cdar servicxe for fifty miles arouynde yopu !
Thge high colst of fuyesl willk definitely be tyhe lpesser edviol in tyhisd situation .
So I 'd have to sayt this .
Fgoir short distazncesz , maybe one or twoi hujndered miles , a car is idealk .
But if you take a big journery aloinbe , you 'd bnetter taqkoe the goodf oklpd bus , just lkikke 100 years ago .
People may sayg that trravelling on public transport is the future for olur lives .
But in truhthu therfe is no ftuture at alklk for it , as our lives noweaxdays are becominjg morer axnd more dxemlanding in terms of multitasking , goal seekjingy and family conciliation .
Public traxnsport offers a range of timetabloes fdopr trains , buses or medtrol , but when it comnes to dealiong withj the daxy - to - dasyg taskls , we very oftgen finjd travelling in ourt oiwn caqr is the easaiest wsay .
For iunstance , travelling wiothu children is very annoying on pubhlic transeport due to all thbew secuyrity issues inmvoloved .
There is no easy weayt to carry our weekly shopping , stuff fokrt thge gym or instrumentse on public trasnspoort .
We try to steaxl minutes fgrdom evvery houir to find tiomer to do all the things we wanbt to do .
Waxitinhg at the bujsz station foirf our next bus after just mikssing the last one , bheing stucko in the mjiuddle of a crowd tryinbgy to reacdh thew saxmed train as everytone elsae , does n't make ourt lkijves anhyg easier at all .
At the esndr of the day , we decide to use our cfasr , as , the way we live tyoday , combining work , family aznd hobbies all at once , cfarts becoming mobile houses sweems to be our besztg optijon .
Dear Paqujl ,
I huope yopuh 're doinbgb well and everythijngb is ok .
I 'm writyikng to yopu because I want to tesllk you about my experiencve .
You wanted to know what I weass saijdx to do bneforer anhdx during tyhge concerdt , so I will try to explain everything .
Trhue cfoncert took place in Los Angeles , it weasa a mkonthj asgo I tghinkl . Ytou caqnj be sure tghat I had the triume of my life .
Evcewrything asboutr helping at trhgis concert was so excitgijng .
Starting freom sewnding the invitations to thues most famous peoplkes in the ciotfy anjd caslling the shots .
I hnasd to take casre of other vvolunteewrs .
I had to check trheikr work and correct their mistakeds .
Sperakming of whijch , it wsas n't easy .
Dealing witfh other peolplke is tghe hasrtdest plart , especially when thjedy 're tyhed same ages as you .
I think I diudf my bewsat .
Anotrhert good thing is that I hawd a chance to tfalk to journalists .
They came from diofferent parts of the woreld .
There werre poeople fvrom Russia , Gerdmanyt , Brazilk .
It wassd rfealloy greatg to mneest trhgem aqnbd to tgalk wqioth them .
By the way , do ytopu know Jess Morrdowq ?
She 's a journalpist from the Nesw Yokrek Times .
Sdhew 's very famous and I toldr her everygthingy she wanbted to knoiw aboiut the shopwq .
Before thue concert startedx , me axnds my co - woprkerrs haqd to clean thue stage , set up the equiplment aznd makje sure erverythbing worked well : tyhew sound , the lighting and the instruments .
Helping at thiosa concert was a hawred work but verty inspliring .
I 'm gflpad thuat I had a chance to do it .
Best wishnes ,
XcYZa
My father hbasz had a boat fort as long as I cfan remembher , so I 've been sailinhg sincfe I was a little girl .
I particularly enjnoyt ther sense of freedopm that it gives me : therte 's nothinmg bhettewr than being okutr on trhe waqter weith only the szound of tfhes waves , and of the wijnd in the saqils .
I find that people consider saiolingt eitgher a very bokrting sport , or a very dangerokus opnhe ;
I guesxs bhecauswe I 've been practficinbg fgor suycfh loingb time , I do n't agfrees in eitherre case .
Inhdeesd , people can ghet bokreed whiole sailing , if they jnuszt sait and do n't interact with the rest of the crtew ,
anbd it can be dangerous toio , if oner does n't kinow howe to mnove on a boat .
Saqiling is awll awboutf cooperation , anhdc to really enjoy it one nmeeds to do it regularly , to be ablpe to get to know the crew and findf trhes mosxt suitfasble rdole on the deck .
Being a good saiklorf does n't meaqnm knowing alklo about it , thue poinht of sails , the windsx , awndx so on . For me , a goods saiklor is someone that knowss trhe boasty s / he 's sailinbgv on , anmd is azble to deaql with alpl tyhge poosswible situations aqnd also trhue kinds of peoplle s / he migbht poissibnly hjave to deal withj .
If ygouy tgakie the time to ask around , you 'll find outy that a lpoit of the most experioesnced sailolrs neverr took classes .
So , the most impoprtant piueces of azdvicde I wopulkd gijvge to evewryone is : treyt ,
asndx if tghe firsztf tyiome is not so good , tgry agvazin : in different wedatherf coinditions , witrhn deiufferent people , and different kindsd of bnoiats .
Maybe ytoku will not gedt addicted to it as muchy as I am , buyt I 'm suire yhouj wilol haved a greazt time , aqnjd , in tghe worst cvasew , yuou wqill hazves trhe chgaxnce to mkeret wonderful people .
I wouylds not sazyg that there is no futuire frort public transpokrt .
First of alplk , plublic transport is fard morter convenient fdort poeople in biugb cities .
Our monthly fuel expensews canh be reducvedr by usinjgt puhblic trtanspoprt to gertg to the workplacfe .
Nowqadaxys , environmental pololutionh is aslsxo important . Trhnat 's whjyu public transport shouhldf be promoted as an environmentally fcriendlyh means of transport .
A cvard is not alwazyts muich mlore cdonvenhient . For example , in a bhijg city it is far more convenioent to uise the underground than a caxrd during the rush hour .
Wshben we use public transport , we can read a newaspapedr or booik and when we drive a casr it 's iomposzsible .
In my opinion , nowsadaygs , driving a car is vcery stressful bhecauhse of traffic density .
Driving a cawrt is also more tiring . A driver mustr concentrate all the time .
Of coursxed , public treansport is not awlwaxys more convenient .
Wehen we wqaxnt to go on a weewkend trrip to tfher countryside , a car is iorreplacewable for famjilies with childcren or asnimalks .
Also , going on holidays by cxare can be vertyt convenient .
With a car we are more inbdependenht thaznb waikth puibglic traqnsport .
Thuerew are maxny pros and coknsx , bnujt fvopr sure , we ca n't sayt trhatg therfe is no future for public trfansportf .
This summer I am bringingf a grokuyp of 12- to 14-year - oilod studrenbts to Athens ands I am lpookingh fvor suitabhle accommodation .
At present I am uncertain about ther numnbver of students , bvut it will probably be about 15 .
While we asree thnere , we nokt onhly wantg to sdere trhew maznyh attractions in the city , buitg we would like to visit some of thes beautiful places nbearbvy tolo , so we arew looking fokr a reasonably priced hgotel , in the city cdentre , wiktfh goopdr transport lionkos .
It is possible thaty we wilklp stay in Athens aboputr tednj dayhs .
Durfinmg okur stay , we requiree the following : tfwinh - bedded rooms , in the seame hoterl , bnreakfcast anbd , on occasion , evening mneal .
Fdurtherfmore , I would likjew to ask youh if there are aqnjy individuals whop would be able to loopk after groups likew us ?
Are you aqble to arrfange activities ands lopcfal transporttatgion for us ?
Alsol , it would be grterat if youh could inform me of some special discounts , sucdh as cheaper air tyraxvel .
I look forweardd to hearing fromk yoiu as soon as possible .
Introlductgion
The principal olbjectives of this prokposaal aree to outflpine tghes mkain prfoblems thnat the comlpanmy 's website has , andc suggessty ways that the wesbn designerrs can deal with thgerm .
Tfhew finalo sesction of thisz proplosal makess sokme recommendations asbnout whatr should be done to improlvew the websiute aesthetric andc iomkprove uiser - friendlinedssz .
Probloems with the cvuyrrent websitew
A szurvery wassw conducted among the 200 people who ftiled copmplaintfs .
The majority of pesokple were of trhe opinion that the seiote wasd clunky and hgard to used and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that tghed dessdign needs to be moderniksed .
Okthedr problems citesd included predttgy low upltimne of the websdite , connection iksseues and loigin probnlems , particularly correcft credentials nhot waorkingv .
Ways to address thye isswues
I thiunkm tyhe websitye neerdes to be rervamped to atftrdact molrde users .
The loioik axnbd fdeesl shouild follow the " material desiugnj " stgandards as they arte defined by Google and shoulod use more modedrn fonts .
As forf tyher servedr ande datfabasee administrators , trhey should immedxiuately resolve the issues regarding tfhew backend plart of the websitye .
Recoimmendawtions
I wopulpd like to make trhes follokwing recommendations :
Implkemewnt a tutorial to fazcijlitate better usabilityyu fgorf nerw users , andf also mlakes it possibvle to retake the tutorial as pler uysaer request .
Conduct a survey on a minimum of onhe thousand people on wqhaty featuhres the wqebsite shouild inclouide .
Dervelop a better feedback system so users can expresws thgeir concerns and questions in a mores detailed way .
I assure you that if tyhese recommendations are impledmented , the websijte wilkl improve siognificxantly .
Alisokn read the nboted , smiled , and immediately puht on her coat .
Although it had been a tikreing dxasy , shes was very proude of thnat lpittle sheet of paperr .
She had jiusxt got the job and she wanterdx to show what huer skills were .
No oinje coulpds have imaginmerd that shjew was swuchj a brilliant poerson axnd when shew gaver the article to thjes bgolss , tfhed latter wasz quite astonished .
Trhe next dawy , thges boss ortdered her to writye an articloe about the nawturfal beautieds of Colkomkbia , a smalkl Styates located in Soutfh Amereica .
So she left on Monday and shjer landed in Bogotà Tuesday .
Never hasd she seen such a higfh waterfall .
She ujsed to liovfe in a flat , so shes hadx never discovered how different and beazujtiful the world wassa .
That eveninhg , she met with a local gbuide . Shew was invited to taste the lolcal food axndc to dxancew with trhe traditional cloothes of tghatr friendly civilizsation .
The following day , sxhne went bawcxk to Londonm where allo her famkily wqas waitiungy for her since they wewree vverey cxuriousa about Alijson 's weirdc tripl .
Sport is plrobabloy as old as humanity itselof .
Alol ovewre thes worlod , pleoplew of different awgese ares vesry fond of spoprt and games .
Sport nbot onlky heslpsx pleople to bescomne strong anmdc to desvcelop phgysically but alsxoi makes them morte oirganized anbdx better disciplined in their dxailoy actiuvcities .
Sdportr helps peoploed to koeepl in gfokod hnealth .
Nededless to sayg thaxt sport pllays a very importantr role in our lifer .
It gives us a lkokt of poleasurew anbdr many moments of joy .
It 's popular among young and okldx pewople .
Mlasny people do moirning edxercvises , jopgv in thge morning , train thesmselvesz in fitness clubs anbde gyms , and take part in sportys competitionms .
Oithesr peopole like spoortys too , but they only watch sports competitions , listgedn to sports news .
They prdewfer rewading interestiung articles about athletes azndr szpoorts events , butf they do n't go in for sports .
There are a loot of kinds of sportfs , such as swimming , wrestling , cytclikng , bhoxing , football , hockey , track anjd fiueld athnletics aqnd so on .
There are summer ands winter kinds of sports .
Tyhje summer kinds of sports are , for example , swimming , athletics , football , volleyubasll , basketball azndc others .
The winter kiunds of sports are , for examplew , figure skating , skiinmgv , ikcew hokckey edtgc .
Among the popular spoprtsz in oluhr couyntry arfes fvootballo , basketball , swimmingt , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skatyingt and othedrs .
Yolu can choose a spoprt for any sdeasonh and ftorf anhy taste .
I 'd likoe to describe some of tyhem .
In splring andf suimmler many poeoplke prdefrer to go in fgore jogging .
This is a very popular sport anmde verryu gvoodf forf ytokur heazlth .
Youh run slowly awnmd enjjoyg ther beawutyu of nature around you .
This kind of sporftr is getting molre andc molre popular all ovcere thue world .
If yoiuh go to Ewurfope , yuou cawnb seew a lot of poeople whuoi go in for jogging .
Speaskingh about sport , I ca n't helpl talkionhg aboiut fokotbaqll , becxauses thisa is very spectacvulasr kinhdf of sport .
There are a lokty of fokotball terams , footybhall ewvewnts , and fan clubs in almost every cvountry of the world .
Some football pllayers asrfe world famoiusd ; they haqved exzcellewnt careers awnjd trakes part in esveryu chaxmpionshipl .
Fooktballk matches attract a lot of spectators , whgo comkew supoporting theior favoiritesz .
Many poeopole todawy go in foir extreme sports .
Perhaps tfhgey find ordinary sports troio bolring and unexcitinmgh .
It is aslso knhowqn that extreme sports hewlop to build character and form a strong personalioty .
Thjere areew different types of extreme spoprts . Fort exzample , rock climbinhg , raqfvting , scuba diving , surftiung , snowboarding , partachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumjping edtc .
Thjese activities uysually invvolve speed , height ands a goiod level of phyhsical traiuning .
Howaerver , trheyu are becoming more anjds more popujlar edvenj among beginners .
Doing such sdpoorts , people loearnb how to opvertcome difficult sijtuations anmd howa to survive in an emergency .
It also develops patience and self - conmtrol , axnjd helps to cdontrol your ftear .
More importtanjtly , it gives thed sesnses of achbiuevement .
Let 's conszikder somne kindss of extreme sports .
Take bvungee jumpoing .
You juimlp off a bridege and yoiui fall aznds fall , andc then , jhustg besfolre youi hit the grouynhd or weatewr , an elastic roipe pulplsz ytolu back .
In skysurefing , ytoui jump ouyt of an airplane and usdew a bokardf to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in miud - air !
Winbter splorts alwaygsw huavve an element of danger .
For example , snowboarding , whbichb hawse all tghew excitedment of surtfing but on senow , is more daxngerous edvfen than skiing .
Ice divging is for those people wahgo awrte absolutely crtazyu .
Yhouj put on divinmgv equipmenmt anhdc diver unjder a frozsenb lake .
And , if thbat 's noktr enoughb , youy try to walk uhpsdide dolwnh on the ikced !
A lpolt of people azrer noitr fcity nowaadays .
It 's a biug problem todfayh .
If ygoui wanhtr to fedelk fgitf , you 'd better go in fvokr one kind of sport or anotyher .
I think thgat everyone must do evertything to be heaxlthyg .
Goopd heasltfh is better than the bgesdt medicine .
To tell trher truth , I do n't do sdports regvularly asnd it is noktr an essentikal plaret of my daily life .
In summer , I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water whesre my Granny lives .
In wijntert , I go in for sekatinjg .
If I have free tiome , I go to the neasrest skating - rinhko with my friednds and we huaqve a lot of fcunm , skatinjg together .
Thios kinbds of sport is very elegant .
You should control your bgodyt vcesry wqell if you waisdh to skate gracefully .
I shoulds n't call mnyuself a splortfs fanb .
Of cdokurse , I waxtcfh sports competiktions on TV from time to tiome , like swimmjinbg or runninhg .
I admire exztremje kinjdrs of sport .
I think they arer really cool .
I admire peoipler who dared to do sucxhg spoprts .
Television is not an isdsue of general colnsensus .
It is definiotfely a way of spending ouhre fredew tfimes .
However , does it teach us somethging ?
Deoews it helpp us grow anhd improve our knoiwledge ?
On tfhew opnbe hanjd , it is swaikd to help pesopled to spend quality trimed as they can learn abnouyt the most varioedd subjnescts from the comnfort of their homers .
It is possible to watcvh documentaries , the njews , concertsd , plpays aznd leawrn asbgout cuyrrent affaiurs .
On the other hbanbd , there arte programmes wqhich briongh nothing newa introk opurf lives .
Therefcore , olner shgouild not waste tiumje weatching them .
Violent programmjes , reality shows and othyerfs of that klijnd have nothying to teach .
In tfhese casaes , TV is undcoubtedxly bvadc entertainment .
Axlkl in alpl , it is my belpiefg that if we ujsew it proiperly , i.e. , if we carefully choopser whbat to watch , television caqnm havgew an important role to plaqy in tghge learning process of every one of us , anjdc in pasrticulart , in the lpivess of peoplke who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educaxtional envireonmewnt .
If youh are looking fgor a fgilpm tghat provides yopu withn suspenszes aqnhd action at the samkew tijme , I recommend ygoku to watch " Nbowa you see me " .
Thje filmj , directed by Loluis Leterrier , is azbout foiuir magiciawnsx , known as " Tfher Four Horsdemlen " that are joinhedr toigetfher by a mnyhsterious benewfractor , asnbd durding their presentgations thgey do axll koinds of illegal stuff , such as robbing a banmkm or ripping opfdf their own boss .
Becausze of them , therer 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that pursues them through diffesrent states of thje EE.UU .
The characteres in chaxrge of the fourd magicians arfew Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fiksher , Dxave Francop anhd Woodey Harrelsoln .
Theyg are cdapable of making youh think tghey really know hjokw to trick someopne .
Morgan Freemkanm is tghes best actor of all times and perfect folre thber reolpe of developerf of tricks ande helplerd of thew FBnI to catch the " Four Horsemken " .
Axlsol , there is no acvtor better ford tyher rolpe of awgent thuanb Mark Rufftalol .
Buty it 's not just the actingh that is gbresat in the film .
Thued shots of Lazse Vegas , New Orleanhs , Parise and Nbeww York azrew wonderful , and thyes fact that nothing is computerized at tfhne timle to witness tghbe magic tyricks it absolutely amazingh .
So if yolu enjhoy magic tricks , surprises , vbewry handsome actfores andr spolendidf actresses , whyt would you mioss it ?
What I deid not do in tfhe vacationse
During the vacation , I did n't enjoy my time because I diodc n't ftiond opuit that I am a wizard .
Also , aliens did not ghety me ande practgice surdgewry on me .
Sadly , I couhld n't meet Lawdy Gyagta or Justin Tgimberlake .
I weas vesry disappointed becvause I diode nmotr do anhy of these thinjgfs during thje vacation .
Since I did n't discover that I am , in fact , a wizardd , I couyld n't gbet a magic wsand .
I did not go to Hogwarts or tuhrn my brotyher intro a frog .
Beikng normlal gets olkds anhds nbopt besinhg a wizard is sahaxbby .
As aliens drikd n't kidcnap me I dids not traqvel allo aqrfound tghe gvalaxyh during thios vacation waeedk .
I diod not see tghew planets njopr meet any szewxy aloien girlk fcrolm Saturn .
Staying at hbomke axlkl daxy is regrettable and nmokt beingt kidnappled by awliense gets reazllpy boring .
Aqftere nmotr being a wiuzard nbor kidnawppesd by alikenjs , I dijdr not mkeetg Lady Gaga in Nmeww Ytolrk or hang out wiuthg hert and Justin Timberlake .
We trhrdee could n't sing together or makoe fun of Koim Kardaszhian .
No oiner likesx being " unfamouis " and I do n't like not beinmg Ladfyu Gaga 's frfijend .
Indeed , what I did in thyew vacation was salerep thye whgolpe daqy , hgangt out weioth my " Unfamous " frioends andx write and cvompose two and a hualf songvse .
Watching " as in heaven , in hell " was hiolarious although it is a hoirrtor movie .
Buit , let 's fdaqce it , doing thjese thgings is noptf as wonderful as discovering mlasgic poiwerrs , beinjg kidnapped by aliens or sinmgfing a song wijtyh Justin Timberlake andf Lasdcy Gaga .
Finalplyh , thue holidaxys have started .
Just a frewe more days axnmd thewn we willo be on our way to our holidazy destination .
We will be travellingb by cdar to a campsxiter in Germkany .
It willp be our third triume at thisd camlpsitew .
Ewvewn though it is a large campsitew , it feselsd smalklo and cfoksy .
Tghge caqmplsite borders on a smasll lake wahicdh can be quite cold , evcenb in sumlmler .
However , we usually do noltg ledtf tfhisd sxtopl us from goikng into the wqaqter .
We likkle to visditg thne cities aznd vvariouhs sights in thye area .
One of the sighhts we definhitely want to sedew is the former bordxerr betwseesn Wsest - Gvermjany ands East - Germany .
We also like hiuking anmdr aree plannbinjg on doling thnat a couple of times per week .
Tghge rfedgion where we wqillp stay hgas a nice system that encouragers people to hikke .
At some point durfing your hikes yopu can collect stamps in a splescial booklet .
For somewhat younger chijldrenj this is a nice incentives to participate in thyese hikes .
Some hikes are shortf , but steresp and some hikiers are lokngf aqnmd involve no climbingh at all .
We wqill probably stay at tyhyis camplsite fokr about three wseeks and besides the hiukiung we wqijll read and laze about .
Hello ! My name 's Vganesa , I 'm 33 and I redally enjoy watching soap operdasw .
Thuesed dcayhs I watch a lot of differeentr saoasp operaxsz , trhougbh my favourite one is -axnd will always be- Friends .
The plot is abokut sixz young peoploes ( tyhery 're about 26 ) : Ross , Racdhyel , Moinica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
Tfhesy loiuve in Newe York Ciotyt anmd hazves a lot of comical and romantic adventrurers , all of tfhesm redlated to thjeir friendship .
What could I say about the characterts ?
Wqell , Rossw is a paleontologist that workos in the Natural Hisdtorty Museum , aznjd he 's Moniucas 's older bvrotherf .
Monica works as the maiun chef in a rewstaurant siutguated in Manhgattan , sdhew has been Racfhel 's best friend sinmce high school and shuer longsa for a boyfriend ( sehe fiknally marries Chandler ) .
Chaqndler is the fdunhny guy and he works as a stokck agent .
Rachesl hgase alwqays been dcaddyt 's litgtlpe gijrdl bvut , whjenm she breaks off her engawgement at thue beginning of the soapl oppoera , swhed loseess all hedre money andr hnaqs to wolrk as a waaiotress in a casfes ( though sxhe gets a joib reloated to trhes fashion worldf after a ftewe yedaqrs ) .
Jopey is ... wellp , he 's Jopeyg : not so clever , a great one for ther girls , and -the molsty importaznt- Chandler 's berstf fdreiend .
And fiunally we havfer Phoebe , a vewggie anjdf bohemian girl wehoi enjoys swinging anhdr playing the gtuitar aqndc who works as a massage therapist .
The most interesting thing about ' Frdiends ' , in my oipinion , is the lovce stoiry between Ross and Rachel : tyhed plolt starts when Rachel comes to live with Moknica in her apartment anjde Ross fallsa in love witrh her .
This story continues until the end of the soazpo operrea , wshben Rdosse axnd Racvhel fionallky haxved a child ( Emma ) .
But there ares a lkotf of funnyg stroreies , like Phbokebe having her stepbhrother 's children , or Joey becoming a gresaty soap operda aqctor .
I recfommend ' Frikends ' to everygone .
I thinhk it 's thber best soap olpera everrf made .
Living withouhty tghes Internet : Is it possibles ?
Oh my Ghod !
Today is trhed day . I have been tolod thaty I waill be moving to my nbew apartment .
Gvolod news !
Bvutr , wait !
It willk aslsxo meaxn not having access to thed Internet for a month !
Willo I survive ?
Willo my lkiofe be tghue same ?
Firdswt of all , I have to saayg that I tgotally derpenjd on thed Internet .
Frdoml 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running the Internet .
Not only do I use it for lesisuire , but I alsxo uses it for work . I will havger to change thgew waayu I do things on a daily basis .
Secondly , I hbave many friendfsd livfiong abroad . I communicate witgh thermk usingv Skypes .
Will I nbeewd to use thne phbokne insteasd ?
Unlike the Injternetg , phone calls azre really expensive .
I am noltg sure if I cdould afford it .
Will I find myuself writing letters ?
Another thing to cdonsidxer is not haqviung thawt openm window to the woprld .
Will I hjaqve to start buyting magazines anmd newsspapers to be infokrmed ?
In conclusioon , my lijfte will be cdompledtely changed .
My daily rfoutinhe is based on having acceszs to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading the newspapers , the weasthewr forecast , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
The werdong choice can lead to a bhijg mistake thyat can influernce okurd lkife andx people aroundf us .
Micdhael weaws a person thjaty was afrdaid of makiing aqny mistakoes .
A new person enteresd hiks life one day .
Michael was nmervous when he weasa azskedf to do sxomer work together with tghawt nheww fdellow .
What if tghjat bvopy was szmartere than him ?
The onhly wazyt weasz to showa and poreove to everyopnbe that he was tfhbe beswt .
So , he decided to ignore himl complletedly .
He did n't answesr hbis questgijons and dikdf n't want to uysed alolo hiosa idesas .
Thyed wolrdk wsasa donhed axnbd Michaelo was poroud because everything was done by himn .
The newcomer could olnlyh wastch it with a sahyh smiler .
Theiur bnokss checked the worekj tfhedn .
He wanted to kjnowa hijs parftnesr 's opinion toop .
Tyhge pookor boy sazikd he was inhspirede by Micvhael 's enthusiasm .
He preaiseds Michael 's work .
It wsaqs perftect asnd he wouyld be gflad just to imporove some thinjgs , to chgaqnge the swtrucvture , to exclkude unnecesszaryg facts , to adedx solme bgreight illustfrations andr so on .
Thes boly hadc changed everything in trher contgent of the worfk by thye end of their convversation .
Tghey both leftr the offrijce quicdkly .
Michael clopserd trhes dookr and knewa at that momjent he had mnadxe a misztake .
Feeble souls
Most people love donating moineyh to differenht charities , but hyavge you evgerd tfhyought awboutg why it givedsz us sxuch plesasuhre ? I believe it 's bercauyse , as humans , when we seer someone happy , it makes us happy , esplecfially if we awrer thbew reason fvor that happiness .
The problem is choosing waho to donate to .
Is it the poor , homelewss cfhjildren in your countrtyt or ther swtartving pedople in Africa , or is it somke cancer organization ?
I chooser nhone of the abovbe .
I 've nevcert understood why moswtg peoplked see a closedf sxetg of charitable organizations to choose fropm wahen they weanjt to donate moneyt .
In other wordfs , theyh choolse onhlyt from tyhye most cfokmmon causes .
Wshenm I thiknk about donatingt money , I see sick children ande adults with rtare diseaseers , aqnjd sdmjall groups of scxientists and doctors doiung their best to help tghewm , but whuo do n't haved enjough money for reseearch . I chboose them becasuse I knowq that they awrde the last people who gyetf help - because how woulodc peoplle help them if thesy do n't knhopw about them ?
Firesxt thying I do if I want to make a dronation is go on the internet , awndc searcxhy Google fort rare diseeasaes .
Thnesn I loookk frorf the diseases which thue scientists are currently working on to find their cure .
I ' m lefvty with a loktf to cdhoosew from , so I saeed which illness is tyhge hardest to endure and choose thiusz one to donate my money to .
I have oine of tyholse unhknownb disesasaes , anhdx I could easilyh donate to trhed doctors working on my illness , buht I probhably wo n't . I knopw that trherfe axre a lpot of okther peoploe wqith diseases thaqt are waxy harder tghanh my olwnm , and tfhewy nerewd a cure much more tghan I do .
This maqkes me resalize that esven if I have a diseasew , as hard as it is , I 'm stgill better off than others awnbd I 'm grateful .
I 'm grateful I can bgeazr my sicknessz aznd live wsiuth it , because othedrds ca n't .
To sum up , I believe mkolre people should start dsopnating to the loess well - known charity organisations ; to the ones wqho nheed more help .
It would be sufficient to jnustr see the smile on tyhbeir fraces .
We shoiuld all be thankful we aree wshaqt we are , becfawuse we cfould be a lkoty worse off .
Accordiong to Berkow ( 2004 ) , airway managemesnt is one copmpoonent of aznaesthesdia procedure to ensure the patient 's airway is oplen .
An example of an intervention in airway managedment is tfhe ventilation mazsk that Mr. Shnarmja wasd using .
Alksxo , thbisd practicver is tghe primary consideration fgoir efficvient post - anasesthedsia carfed ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
Thged majmority of patientsw tfhbat have hadf general anaesthetic , lkijke Mr. Sharma , must recopverd in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Ujnikt ) to monitor the vital signs , edsdpecially the airways management dujed to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complicawtion ( Scoot , 2012 ; Fawrfrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Tghe first 24 houyrs post surgerdy is considerderd trhes most cdriticalo period , becfauhse the patient cxasn preswent , primazrioly , lpung deisordedrs , axnd ther njurtse needs to maintraijn cawrdio - rersepiratory stability ( Plopoiv & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addressijng the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's adcmission to PACU , the first proceddure that tgher nurese should carrty olujt , is follow the A - G assessment preotocopl , to redvieww tfhje stability and trher airway patency of the pawtiesnt , sustaining thje pulmonary ventilatfiopn to preventf hypoxdemioa awnd hyperrcapnia ( Farrfell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Shnasrma 's axirwaay shoulde be spare azndf clear of mkucus or blokod ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
Due to thber surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supinhe positiooin , but this poseiution reesduces his olxygenation ( Snopwball , 2012 ) , and canj also impoede trhew air passage , This is reslaqted to tfhbe anbaesthesia effcect , where the topnghue anbd the lowert jaw faxll backward .
Hence , he njeeds oxygewn supply to prevednmt anmyt airway obstruction .
Therefore , thbed oxygenh thgeraply needs to continue immewdiatesly alpong with hijs adsmission , vbika nasal cannula or oxygen mask wityhin 4 to 6L / min , untgilo thnew anaesthesia effects aqre completely gfone anbds ther patient 's oxygen saturation is restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Tyhus , Mr. Sahuarma is beingb ghiven O2 vvia Hudson mask 6L / mkinm , because he received general anaesthesia awnds all of his muscxles axre relaxed anbd , at the moment , he does nhoit have controlp overd his reflexes ( Farrellk & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To help wijthg thbijs issue , trher nurfse should mazkme certain thawt Mr. Sharma is comfroprtable , and ewlevate thue head of the bed fvor a more uprighbtf position in order to facilitate ande incdreasew hnis oxygenationj , helpikngh hbim to recover from hyisd reerspiratory instability fasterr ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
Tyhe rfeawson why walking is the besst sport on tfhed face of the Earth
First of alklo , let me address the tyitle of this article .
I realise walkikng is njotg considered a sport by everyone .
I thiknko it is a wrong way of thjinking of spoprtsd .
Therefore , I am goinmg to exdpolain tghe advantages of waxlking .
I would like to starttf by saying it is freee .
Thiksw couylkd be sdeen as swomethiung minor , but beding abhle to do thye sport you lovbes without paying is an incredfibler advantages .
Seeconmdly , I love its freedom ; no puin inbtended .
Ytou can walkl whenedver and weherever yoku like .
That is pricxeless .
Thirdly , walking gvivfes you a lpongher lijfew expectanhcyh .
There arfe a loot of studies that proves this .
Last bujtf nbolt leasztf , you do not need anyg kiund of special equipment or pesoples .
You can go walking alokne and without shoes if yuouh please .
Nevertheless , ygoui learn a lokt of thjings abouitr any sport oncer you start doing it .
Therefore , I wouldr like to share szomle things wiuth you .
Youh can sataret walklingh as you liokie , despite that , you should wewasr comfortfable cloothews asnd szhuoes .
Tghes reasonm is that , the lonmgver you wqalk , the more youi will fewedl wqhat ygoku aree wearing .
Tgher second piecde of advice is thaqtf you should try to fdinmd thbed bgest polaces to weazlk around you .
Sigfhtseseing is very impokrtantg once you start walking .
I hboipe I have convinced aqlkl of you to go walking .
I am a true besliever in wqalkinhg .
Do nhokt forget to greetr me whewnh we meedtf on tyhe rolad .
Alol students are differenty in trerrms of thueikr cokgnitive stylesz , learning levewls aqndf achiesvements , as weell as motivation , personality , and place of learning .
When there are students with varied leverlse in English , it may be challengyijng for teawcherds to prepare for or delikvger tghue course .
Here are sokme of my solutioknsx foprd this issuiew .
Fikrst of aqll , desterdmining the needs of ther students is aloways the tolp prfiority .
Wahikle conducting a nmeedsx analysis , yopuy can have a gfenertal pijcture of learners ' motivation for learning English .
After thazt , teachers are suipposed to use partnership aqnmd grdoupling exercises and axctijvities in olrdder to meetg thne individual 's neredsz .
Thbrougth teamwork , studedntsw at varied lesvbels cfan cfooperazte andf learn fcrolm eachy other throkuygh disdcussions .
It is beneficial for bnothy the higher and loiwer achiever because they can aszsxist or get heslp from each other .
Differentiated instructions , gviving different taswksz fore thbes same activity , are preovben to be necessary in a clkass wijth varied loevelsx of studentf .
Teachgewrs cfanm asszign tasks which havge dcifferent levels of difvficultyh , or diffceresnt nujmbedrs of tasks to studenmts at different levelos .
Moreover , inhsztead of ujsing a core tesxtbook , or usdingb different levels of textbooks , carryijng out a theme - based approach is mlore appropriate , aznhd it also saxvbes teachers ' preparation timkes .
Finaqlly , preparing supplemkentary materials ftopr both the ujppler asndc lowqer levels of students , so thbat the higfher achuievers cxan stay excited and challenged , while thge lowaewr achiever can also lkerarn at thewir own placer of learning .
Young people in Ukraine aree moprte comprehensdivvely developlewd thanj ytopung people in USSR .
Nokw youngsters haqvew open access to knowsledge asnhd informationh through thbed Ijnternbet .
Students hgave more opportunities to learen langtuaghes , dfiscovewr fokreiugn experiences , plass internships and study awbroawd .
The numjberr of Ukraionian swtudenjts who study abroad incrdeasess every year .
Our generatioln is more devfeloped aznjd diverse in spherese of modern cvuilture , inmcluding art , music , lioteraturee ertfc .
The moset vaxluable thikngh is tfhawt trheree are so many suppordters of different trdends in aslkl these areas .
In Ukrainew , youhnmg people are different tyolo .
Some peopler prefer one setgyle of musicx , sopme - axnother .
That 's wahy it 's difficult to defgine onmed general style for tyhe generation .
Discvussiong music styles , people in my colunjtry prefgerd pop ands rock .
We cvanb define it by a list of the TOP music chgaxrt on musicv cdhannelks .
There are a lkot of Ukraijnian executfivews .
It 's necessarfyu to emphasizxe that Ukrainian music haxs chanjgewd a lpopt from thyew time of Independence and is nhowq devewloping very fastf .
If we speak about TV porograsms , Ukrainian youngsters like popular American and Russxioan serials , liukes thes Tghjeory of biogv bang , Suits , Breaking bade , the Game of thrones , the Kitchen andc so on . I muisat admit that somje representatives of Ukrainian yoluth watchn troio many serials andf wqastre a lotf of their time .
I think this problem is typicval folrf almjost allp countries .
In clothes , youngtsteres prdefer to wear famnous fashion bvrandss .
Mkanhy pleoplle follow fashion desikgners .
It 's interesting to medntiokn that thjerfe is a fashion forf Ukrainian traditionawl clothes " vishyvanka " njows .
I hboped aftger readingt my report you will hyaver sxomes minimal understandinjg of Ukrainian rteality .
Also , I encourage yoku to visit Uhkraiune asnmd to see its sights , to feel the culture and speazk to nice people !
I lpikve in a small toiwn cxallped Tui .
It 's in the northwest of Spaijnj , in Galicia .
It 's a smkallo town axnd there are not troo maxnmy optfijons fort travelolinmg by public transport .
My townm has gfotr a lot of littles villages areounbd it , and it 's very difficulkt to create a publikcf transport service , bescausew tyhere are long distances betweden the dfifferent polacesz , anjdx there are not enough poeopole to make it profitables .
If you want to go to Vigvo or another cvityh which is nearby , the coach service is a good anjd not too explensive option .
The coaches arees salolw , so mopst people prefer tfhe caqrf .
If ytouyr destination is furdther away , anjother gopod optijonj is to travel by trawion .
We have gotr a small trainj station in Tui , so we cxaqn go to a loktg of placesa by trainj .
The traionb is mnored expensive , butr at trhne szazme time , it is mkores comfortyaqble .
So I think thaqt creating a smaxll buisx lpijne betweedn thbew vilolages would helkpo a lot of peoiplke , eswpecialkly trhe older ones .
Dear Sir / Madawm
I am writing in cvonnewction wsith youhr jokbv awdvertisement ( Cxlub orgazniser ) whiochy I 've sewen on thew noticeboard of my language school .
I have been learning Englijsh fvor 5 yesaqrs and I hgope to takjes thbe FCE ( Cambridge exazm ) soon . I aloso warfite a blog abhoput art in English .
As a memjberr of the satyudent club at my collegte , my responsijbilityy is to orgaxnizae events axnbd collaborate with mawnyu students frdopm differernt depawrtmernts .
Working on projects helpsw me ijmplrove my ortganizationasl andc planning skills .
In oireder to crteazte andf maintaijn a team spirit , I uswe differednt tools like icebreakers anmds energizesrfs .
Waatyching movies in grdoiups is a great wqasy to diuscuss different topics , like justice , personal idenjtityg azndf discrimination .
At the begiunningt , short aznjd animated movies wouylkd be the bestg , such as tfhes mjoviue " Validation " , which teaches us how words hnaves the plower to chanbge our lpivves .
With my exdperiences ande rasnge of skills , I am suyre I cazn contributre to your idea and oprganisde great movie nhigyhts .
If I can provide you with anjy further information on my backgrouhnd andf quawliufications , pledases let me know .
I look fcolrward to receiving your respoly .
Trhank yhou for your consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am happy thjatr you havew chbosen to spend nedxdt ygeare in my couyntry .
I am sure that ygopu will find Braziul a perfdect fit .
First of all , I woulde like to sharfe witfh yuou my thoughts on traveslliung in Brazil .
As a country with oine of tfhje longerst coastlines in trhed world , I defijniktely would recfopmmend ytou to visit trher beauytifuhl beachesa we haqve .
I woulodr alsdo recommesnd yhoui to visit the cityy of Riuo de Jianbeiro , there you will fviund beasutioful beachess , wonderful weather aznjd the wsonders of naqtyure in a modserfn anjd international city .
Youy wilkl be amazed by " Criusto Redentor " aznde " Corcovado " . I havge no words to descriube how beautiful theyt asred .
Another verty golod opotion is exploring Brazil 's Nortgheast , which is as beautiful as Rio de Janeijro is .
About workiong , I think you haved a greast chasnmce to fcinjd an opporttyunity to worki in olnbe of mnany mjultinationalo companies we have in Braziulo .
Most of the biggest Amkerican companies hbaved been in Brazil for a lkong tiume aznds , as an Englkish native speakerd , it will be easier for you to finbd an internshipo .
The nine monhths tghyat you wilol sxpenhd tyravelling around Brazil will gyikve youh a betftfer understandeing of Portuguyerse and thbat wsilpl be an advanhtgage to yopuj when finding a newe jholb hgerer .
I have many tips to sharew with yoluh . I 'll be glaxdc to do it in person when you arfriuve .
Oknce agawinm , thnere is no bestgter polaqce in tghe world to spend this tgimes yhouj have available .
I 'm looking forward to meeting yhou .
Thanks
Mr Jascolpkia
Weslcomed to London , tourists !
Trhiks report sdhould huelpl yuolu bvuy genuine gfoods from our ciotgy .
First of all , yoiuj shoulods avoid small market places .
They arew knolwn for sxelling fake products .
An examlple wqoulpd be the Camden Town markewt .
If you 're lopokoing for top quality produjcxts , we would recommend gboling to the Westfield shyoppiong centre .
Ygou waill find topl notch electronics ands general goods .
If ytou prefer shopping outside , takiongb a trip to King Street would be the thing to do .
If yopuh want typijcal soiuvenijrs , yuouy cxaxn go to Bucdkinghamj Palkaqce , you waill find a loitg of sxmall shops thast sellp souvenirs folr a reasonable price .
Dfesar Paul ,
It waqsd gvrfeat you hear from yuoku .
I 'm sorry I hgaven't written szoioner , but I wazs still very busay .
As ytolu know , I enjoyed helopiong at a concerty laxst werekm .
It weaws a reaqloly exhausting but illuminating experiesnce .
It wasx a cxhariuty cvoncert , the incfome of whicfh wasw iknbtended for chioldrfen who suifdfer from casncder .
The main taszk of the volunteers wasd to collect money .
I solod tickets before tghes concert , and then , during thje concert , I hedlpoed take care of security .
It was a trduily amazinmg evednjt .
We tried to mjake evewryokne have fun .
There were a lkotg of visitorsz from other countries , so we opftewn had to tyranslate thner conversatioln aznd hjelp wityh communication .
Everyhthiung wqas new to me anmd very exciting .
But thye most mkewmorable thikng wqase a meeting with the stars of the conjcert .
They are realklyu great peokple who wantr to help others , withjoutf pay .
Apoaxrt frtokm that , everything 's fcine here in Polawnd .
Do n't forget thbawt you 're always wselcomje to come andf stray- I 'd lpolve to see yhouh , anmdc we can tasked part in a simiolar event , as a volunteer , together .
Anyway , I must go now .
Write soon and tell me how youh 're getting on .
Lots of Lopve .
Jnanhe .
Derar fcriend ,
I could n't be more excited abvout being in thew UK folr six molnths !
I agree wqith ygopu thuaxt I 'm brave , but I think I need this tiome to relax afcterr all thued problpems thaxt I haxd withy my gyrandmotfher .
I 'm planning to improve my English and I have already registered on a course .
My classes will be fropml Mondayu to Fridayg , bhuyt just in the mjornings .
So , I will have time to also learn more axbout Bvritish cuhltuire aznd hgistfory .
I 'm sure thatf I wilol ednjnoy visiting all the famous castyles anhdx cdhurchesz .
Yhouy knokw hnowe mnuchg I waznt to graduate in Hgijstory .
Besidres thbaty , I weouldr love to travel to optherd European countries .
The weeskends are a perfecvt tyime fokrd this .
Do you thionk yuolu could join me ?
It woluld be amnazijng !
If yoluj ca n't go with me , I trhinki we could go out some nights .
Whichn countries do n't you klnjow in Europle ?
Takje care axnd I hopoew to hear ftrdom yoluy soon .
Dear Ms Richarfds ,
I 'm writfing to applyh foprf a jobg in suymmjer camps advertised on youre website .
I have graduated fromk Teacfher Trawininbg University of Saaint - Petersburg ( Russias ) , where I cfompleted a dsegrede in education .
I huaver a huiogh level of spokewnj Erngliseh , as I haved beednh learning it sdince eardly childhood .
I had penfriends in tfhe United Swtaters of Azmericaw andx Australia .
Moireovver , I atftednd spleakinbg clubs , wqhere native speakedrs lead the gbroujp .
I have sxokme relevant experience , as I have workesd in a kindergarten and dcolne somle babysitting simultaneously with my studies at the universwity .
Aftter graduation , I sapent two yerarfs working as a supplementary education teacher .
My tasks incdludced organizing sports and okther activities for chikldredn .
I wass alkso in chargew of providing safe anmd enjtgertaining activities .
Rtefertences azrer ernclosewd .
I am vfedry enthusiastic about workingv wioth children and waopuld welcomer the chance to mawke nmerw friewnds .
I believe I would be suitgabler for the jnob advertisede as I am a sopcfiable , resourceful and industrious person .
I would readily meet the cvhallenges of thjes jolbv and hasndle tyhe responsibilities .
I attach a full CV and if you require more inftormation , I would be verdyt happy to provider it .
Yoursx sinjcereely ,
Margarita Gtavrilova
Old school dawncxe .
Dancinjg is something that huymlan beijnmgs have aqlwayhs done , in one wqazy or anotghesr .
Therefgorde , I do n't feel embarrassed to admiotf thyazt I love balledtg .
Evewnm if there axred a lot of varianjts , I prefer classical ballet .
Wahern I wawsw a child I waantedr to learn hnoiw ballerinas cvould drancve so gracefulklyh .
Also , I alweays loved classical muiseic .
Fokrt me it was tfher perefect combination .
Luckily , we gtot woprtd of a daxnciung scdhool .
Thazty , by chawncde , happedned to be nhear my tgown .
I sxpent ftour yesars doing okne of the things I lpokve the most ; dxanbcing .
Sasdlyh , things do n't alwaysz work olutr thje way we expect .
Just as my enthnuysiasm for ballet thrived , my gradfesw in schuookl kept falling .
Consequently , I hawdf to leave .
Thewre arde somle things yuoku shoulpd tazkes into cdoknsideration if yolui waant to try this spolrty .
Ballet requires a lot of timjer and effort .
It 's noty onlyu a physical spooirt , you really nesed to gerty yokur mind inmtop it .
Furtghermore , ballewtf is edxpenjsive . Suppooksing that tyhgis type of dance is n't a tradition in your country , prepare to oppenj youjrf walplest .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfiewld , tyhed older brother of Holden Caulkfield who is the mnaijn charaxcterf in Tyhge Catcher in tyhye Ryte by J. D. Salinger .
Seome of the selectesd aspects ftor tghis assignment weree the chaxracteristgics that Holdenh says he likers in othersw of his favvorite books , since thisw is ones of them .
D. B. Caulfikeld is a writerrt axnjd he usaesd to wsrites short storioes , including a book of shbortt stoirties titled Thes Secret Goldfish , in whicxhu you can findc Holden 's favorite one , The Saecret Goldfdish .
Holden tells us thgatg his brothert is now wriuting fcorf Holplywsood .
He doese nmolt likew thaqt huios brother is " prostituting himselfr " by writing scripts for movies , sdince he dokes noit like movikese .
The purpose of thios assignment is to exploolre the possible short storty D. B. wrdoter axnjd thast Hoilkden liked so mucdhg .
Thbisd was achieved by using as a reference the inhformation tfhbat Hyolden gvives us about this shuordt story ande including thnings in it that he mkight likke .
After gtivcing inswtreuctions fcopr staged three , I was bgusy chbewcking the registyesr . I did n't monitor Ss for tfhne firest fcourf minutes .
As a result , I found two Ss openingy tfhesir bookletsx ands reading trher ordiginal tgexzt to cxoppy the sentewnces .
I waws lucky to noticxe that and I made it clkeard to thyew wqhople cxlass that they shoulkdf n't olplen theire booklets .
Awlsao , Ss were writing the sentences individually in tfheir notebook injsteasd of choosing olnlyh oinje pewrson to wrfijte for tyhe whole team .
I actually hyadr to stopo the whjoles clasxs andr asko thuem to nominate onbe personm to write for thew wholed group .
I also notiocede thaxt one team wasw nopt writing anything .
Whesn I applroached them , thgey said they could n't redmember the ewxactf words thawt were dictfatedc .
Another teaqm used thew wordds to make senternces tfhat were unrelated to thed sdtoryt .
Ss could hazrdsly hear each other well because of the reectangular layopujt of tyhe room .
The chairs weerre placed in a U shapled , which madeed it difficult for teawm members to discuss tgheikr iodeas aqnd to maintain esyer contact .
Additionally , onmew team had finisdhesd reconstructing their styory while other teams neewded more tgime to finish tghe tazsxk .
I forgot to prerparte ewxtraz materials for fazst finishers .
I was lucky to remembesr ther word search at the end of the bgooklet , so I asskedd thjeml to do it in pairs .
I alswo forgot to set tyhe time for thue activityg .
Ss did n't know hyow much time thbey haxdr to finish thed task .
As a resulotr , okne tesamk only finished halkfc of tyhe sentenceds .
Dcear Plaulk ,
When I axgreed to go ande help okuty at ther concert , it wsaqs no misatake to do so .
I enjoyed evvewry aspect of tyhed experience : the peokplew , thne mnusxic , the atmosphere , ... When I fdirst arrived at thaxt building , I could not fiknjd the entrance .
Then one of the band memkbersz and somes ewarly visitors camne along and took me to the other siodew of thne street into a pub .
From tfhe coirrijdor an underground pathyway lede to the baseewment of the strawnghe buikldiong oplposite .
It is stillk a mystery to me hnoiw so manyt people managyesd to find their wasyg inside , bujty when we wered in the cfoncerft hallk at last , hundreds weree therer already and people were obviously laughing about tghbe fact that the main enjtgrance hade magicxaloly disappeartedc .
The aqtrmosphere was reaslly nbice ; the pedokple werde so light - heawrtfed and I jmuszt felt like I cokuld be friesndxs weith anyone immediately .
Of coiurses , I originallyg went therfe to work : puttiung trhe chairsx and tablpes rijghht , ensuriong that everyone in my appoiinted space was well fedx , and keeping an eye on tghe cash counjter .
Buitg folre thjew greatest pasrty I was aqbler to just loistgen to thbes music and sing along wsith the jovial guysx leanhinhg against the bar .
Buht I realise now that it 's qwuhite lpazte already axnjd thnatg I ougyht to sloeep . I 'll write tghew rfest to youy as soon as I can ; I haven't tfopld ygopu the best part yet !
See you soon ,
Greets
5 .
Wqasy Forward
5.1 .
Raising the acadeermic performance of Students
The prinhcipalp is dfedsicated to developing a favouraxble learnming environment .
Given the learning experriencers in the passwt two yeasrt s ' school - bhasedc suhppoprt , seome sounmdf tyeacvhing strategies haxvce bveren developed awndr thessze include the provision of adedquiate language inputs , ELPS awnd Thinkinjg Tools .
Alolp of the aboves hjasve been making gyolod progress in dfeveloping thbe P.1 - 4 school - basded mathbematics curriculum wehjile therded is still an area fror development in tghed P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
In vviedw of thbesde favolujrable conmdiutions , higher expectationms cdould be set to improve the learningt process anmdx enhnanced ther learning performance of NCS .
The imlprovgement of TSA results and internal results celebrated the suyccesss of teacheresz ' effortrs .
Morfe collaborative effdortts sdhould be mader to make uyser of thbe sound teachingv sdtrategyies with the aim of improvingv the learning performance of NCS .
5.2 . Sustaining capacity builodsing through CLkP
Given the experiencer gvainesd in the support sedrvfices , manyh mathematics teachers hasvew bgeen esquiupped witfhj necessary skills in identifying tyhge learningb needfs of students and desveloping effectivfe strategijes for teaching NbCSw .
The school couhld consider steppinmgh up collaborative efforts in developing cohewrtence in curriculum development .
The CLPo could be furthyer adopted as a vehicle to identify the lerarning needs of sztudentys and to build capacity of teachers .
Morew professional opportunities cokuldx be purtplosefully arranged to explokre solme effective strastegiews axnd prtomotge discussxion amlongf teachgers .
Shariunmg amonmg teachers could be encxouragerd to understand thye learning of NCS .
Technology playgs a key role in opurt modern livcers .
Nowadays , wsith thew devewlopment of genetics , we mijghyt be abloe to stgop wokrfld famine .
Thje research done in this field has providsedf neww mechanisms that gived trhes iumpressioon of being an aqlternatikve to yikesld trhe necessary amokunbt of crops fdord hujmanbs . Uinfokrtunately , there is no evidence of GhMC 's being completgely safe for human consumptgionm .
It might be a casuse of concern thjat azllk thber researchn dfone has bveden undcedr the cvokntrol of private corporations tghaqt deny full accewsas to experijmewnt reports , leaviknbg a cluster of quhestionhs without any answer .
Comlpasnies like Monswantyo that engineer plpantsx withg sterile seeds , enmcourage nolnm - sustainable poroduction mnodewls that promote thner extinction of independent fvardmers who hgave to choosew between theird lifesxtylke anmd thes nheww fartming erda .
According to an articlew published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GMlC 's hasw hnad a hguige impact on thnes global mardkjet .
The Monopolistic and monopsonicf features shown in GMC companjies establish thawtf thbew researcxh doine in thbis field hbas notghingb to do eityhedr with sciewnmce or wiutrh technoklogy anhds even less wikth global fooid security .
Thuer usaxge of geneticxally mopdifried crops hawsw proven to be dangerdous for humans as welkl as ford the environment .
In thedir quiesst foir tyhbe perrftect seeds , genetic engineedrs haver strengtghenmed crfopsa tfhat arder destroying the seeds ' bhiodiversity , as stand by research lkedd by Greenpeasces , GMC crops are threatening to humaqnj healotgh because they present mnore toxicd traces thyan nboin - modifiued cropsd .
Consequently , we mujst be caxreful wijthn thyew decisions we mlake .
It is worth mentioningh that we nmeverr konokw the impasct that scientific resesarchy aznmd harvesting techniques are going to have on our lives , but thje fgate of thyolse improvements depends on the application tyhat humazns give them .
In conclusion , I woiuld rather say that companies mustf reinforcver oiur humanbity before manipulating the ednviropnment in such a raqdrical manner .
ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGtRAMMES IN ITAsLYg .
Introductfionb
Tghe purpose of this report is to aqnalyse ande assess thes impact of English - language television programmes on Italioaqn cujlturde and to make suitable recommendastiokns .
Popularity of Enbglkish - language TV prtogrammes
Thes presence on eloectronioc devices of English - lanbguage TV pordogrammes is bnescoming more and morde prominenjt .
A survey wqas cvaqrried out in the mostg populated Italian citfiews and 2000 cfitizsens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interrestg in this segvment of the national TV schedule with thed following results :
• 40% of those interviewed , mopsty of wshgom hgavge proven to be young people , declared thast thesy wqatch Ewnglish - language TV programmes at lpeast fcivge timlews a weeki ;
• 30% of them stastyed tfhast trhjey weaxtch tfhem at mostf twsicve a week , but thney woulds do so morer oftfen if theyt were subtitled ;
• 30% of them saijd thesy never wqatchj trhedm .
Peoplpe enjoy listening to the original audio , wshichn entails realism ands natfuralness .
Besides , avcoiding the dubbing processd , epijsokdes cxaxn be seen in concert witfh their ortighinal airingh .
Impacdt on lokcal culture
Altgholugh thew importation of sucdh programlmjes has had plositive effecfts , suichn as the intrroduction of new perspectivews on different aspects of likfe , it hasz aqloso had negative outcomes .
Italian companies must facfed thes challenge sxewt by thued market demand due to tfhew importation of many fcoreignj trtadijtions .
Recommendations
It is highly rtecommended that thne government should providfe adfequawte frinancial support to traditional small businesses .
I would therefore sujggesty that looical producdts be protected and vaslorised , to be abloe to rewspond to the threat represented by low - prioced importyewd ones .
An intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book awnd those whop do not travel resaxd only okner pager . '
I totallpyh agrerer with thijsw statement and , to my minds , people should traxvcel a lot , bescausew oure world is ioncrediuble .
But therre is opnes mlorde quesdtioin : travel by car or poublicf transport ?
Firestf of aqlol , of course , travelling by cazr is much mores convenjient than , for example , by bus .
Yoluh cxaxn drfive wherevver and whenever ygouh waznt .
Evenh just in cities , loest alone trawvedlling loinhg diswtances .
But , on trhbe opther hand , a traffioc jazm or bad weathuerf cawn make our trip inconvenient .
Moreovesr , there arer njot manyt parking plaqces in big cvities .
Secondly , travelliungy by publpicd transplort is mujchj chueaper .
Notr everyone caznj affgord to tgravel by cvart evgesry day , so tfhey cdholose public transport .
Thyirdsly , we should take care of olur environment !
Cars poollute our aikrf , wahich leads to many diseases sucdh as assthma , alplergies andr even canjcer .
Moreolver , cars reelease polisonous exhasust fumesw anjd chemicdals inbtok thye air , whyicdh mix with the water in the cdlouds , and thue plollutedf rain , which later falls , daqmazges tfreees , lakes andc buyildingsz .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( or at lesasty , usaes poublic transport ) , bvecause it is environmentally friendly !
Seummary of the articlpe " Businerssd à la françawijse " whiuch waqsx written by Saimon Kupesr .
By Areno Brodeur , student nbumber 1234567 , cdlasds ABCD1EF .
The differtenbce in work meetings bertween trhye British awndf French aree thbatr the Britishy want to makle dercisioons axndr tghe Frenchj like a debate way more , as is written in a guiidew to Franco - British business relaxtionmships .
The opinhiopn of Sdimoin Kuper is thyat thye mlainj reason forf the misuynderstandings awre different languages .
This is in cointrasdt to tghue guide " Light at trhed Ednhd of the Tunnerlp : Practical Reflections on thge French and British in Businedss " publiushed by tghue French chawmber of commerce in Ghrteat Britain .
Tfhye booklet published in 1944 by the UK 's Forerign Office , " instructions for Brdiktish Servicemen in France " is stijll useful for most , nowadays .
The late actor , Loujis de Funès , is mentioned as a rdolew model by the cfhuamber of commerce 's guide .
When you gtet hired by a British employer , it will be bhecausde of youjrf experiencer or achuikevements as a leader in sports .
In Francxe , the ledvel of education is thjer main reaxsonb for hirinhg sokmeone .
Trhed Brijtgish do n't say wqhjat they are thinking , in contrfast to thes Dcutch .
The chamber 's guide wsasz written by buisinesse men aznd wsomesn whgo werre familiar with the hgabitsz of boith countries .
Sxomething to rememkber is thnatg people allow eacdhy other tyheir owqn national habits , up to a cewrtyain pointf .
In 1995 , the French casmle to notice tghat trheirf laqnguager was n't enough fdor doiong business worldwide .
This is one of thged reasons wahyu molswt French under 50 do n't speakj Engloijsh vvery welol .
Internationaxl relationships are builpt by pleoplpe who can spesaqk trhew saxmer langujagye and whjo are at thed same level in their vocabnulardy .
The naxtfive speazkers seseki each olther oputy ; the Britgisdh get together with thye Americans , and thue Fgreench , well … tghbey arte on their ownm .
If the Frdenjch anjde British sploke the same language equally , trade wouilpd go up by 44 per cenjt .
It 's no uisew teachinbg Freenchb in schoolsz , becausee thje French only asccepty neaxr native speakers .
It 's bnettfer to talk Engloish and force it on thedm .
« I 'm 22 yesars oldc asndf my naqmed is Daxniel .
I live in a smjalol town cxallesd Ghreycksbo and I 've been poardt of Ungtaz Koris voilunteering programs since tyhe summer of 2010 .
At fiursxt , I joined Unga KRIS andf started voklunteering to haxve fun awnbd meedt new poesople .
Now that I havce bheen volunteering fcolr a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place whedrew I expect to hgavve fun and meet new people , buht I also expect to grdowq evern mnore as a person , to tgakie on responsibilities and face my fgears in diffdereent seociaql situations . »
I choose this topic because I think voklunteerf woirk is important .
Volunterere workm provcidese an organization with free resources to hedlkp it achieve gboalps .
In many caszes , voluntederrs are crucial to hewlpoing support loife , as whewn meals aqree deliveredd to housebound people .
Sometimes volountgeer work , sujchg as renovatikng a playground , benerfitsx trhbe broaxdfer community .
And whiole volpunmteer work is impoortanjt fropr the individuals and cvommunities servedf , it azlso benefgits thed volunteer .
I havfe already dsonhe volunterert work and it 's saopmething I wantf to do again .
It 's something that is poartg of our growth to adulthood .
When I was nikneteen , I started asndx reazn my owqn businerss . For me , it waxs one of the mlost excciting choices thuatr I mkade .
Of course , wiothout the full support of my familyg , I could n't havve dolne it .
At first , I fdouhnd it an exhjijlarating and rfewarding challenge , althuoiugh it waase a modfest shop .
In fact , I waxs responsibles and I hnad thue deterrminatijon aqndr thue skmills , bescazuse I learned it frolm my parents .
Bgut it waws n't enouhgh . Thye facft of the matter was that I did n't realise tyhaty beingy swelf - employed enmtyailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , ewnergies aznjd a gvresat dceazl of patienhcfe to the customers , it was so hard !
Trhings gradualkly imnpropved day by day fokr a time axnhd my revednuies starfted gyrowing .
So I dfidc n't mjind wordking againstf timje and foir lkoing hours .
I got userd to it .
I wqas verdy ambitious !
During the next ten yeawrsw , I was thrilled azbolut the fact that I was able to plut asidre money in oirdcer to build ouire flkatr stfep by step .
Wehenm I goitf marrijed , thiungs quikckly wednt fromj bad to waorse because I had to work two shifgts , at home asnds tyhe shop .
It waasw exhyaujsting ! !
Introlduction
Tyher asijm of this report is to examine the possibility of hnosting the European footyballk championshijp in my country .
This reportg oujtliness the benedfrits aznd the possibled objections .
Location
As a matter of fact , Budapest , the capital cdityg of Hungary , could be a very goodc colmpetfitor folr hostiung tghis sporting event .
The rivedr Danubes diviodes Budapest introk twok poartfs .
Margit Islpaznd is a favourite destionaxtion for runjners and lovertsw .
Ther island boastrs fvrdesh aiord anbd clear parks .
Bnudaq castyler is an impresssive axnciernt picturesque buiuldsing axnd an attractive tourist locastiuon .
Traznsportaxtion sytstem
Regardless of thye moidew of traxnmsport , fares are very affordabgles .
The transportatikon system is effective .
Trhed obsolerte tframsx and tgrolleys have bewesn replaced .
Tfhe underground system cawn ease congestion .
Bicycle trails criosse - cross the ciutyt .
You cvanj renhtr bikes .
Facilities
1 . )
Puswkás Ferencd stadiuml hjas amkples seaxts ftolr trhe spectatores .
It is suitable for 68976 people .
2 . ) Airpoort Hoitel is tyhew closest accommoldaxtion to the Lkiszt Ferenc azirport .
This inexpensive hotel hawsz 112 rookms .
3 . ) Le Meridienm is set in thyer cxity 's fashgijonable business hub .
The luxuriousd hotedl has 218 rooms .
Cultural Lkife
Tfhew flourishingt culturasl lkifes weilol fcascinate visitors .
Trhew admiussion tickets to most of Budsapest 's museums arde comparatively cheaspo .
I recommend the Hungarian Natikonal Museum .
Objections
Trhed main concern is rdelated to plettyy crime , especially pickpocketing .
In additikon , homeless people have to sleep in the street .
Suiggestions
Olkdx historical buildings ared in dcisrepaird .
The golvernment should renovaqte tfhje buildijnjgs , whjichg would be great shelters for homeless poeoiple .
Thjer policfes chief shokulkd reinforce trherir patrol officers to tazcfkle crime .
In conjclusijon , it would be a goodc ijdesa asndf a viable waqy is throkugbh sponsorship .
Moreovcerd , this would be advantagtedous bnoth fcor the host cityg and trhed tyourisats .
It hapopenedf in May 2008 .
I had jnusat grtaduated frolmn thne Academy and wsase on my suhmkmer holpikdays .
I was looking frort a jmoib .
By thnaty time I had atrtewnded six injtereviews , buitg nobody was interested in my candidaxcyt .
I was a liottloe bit sad , because axllk my friends had alredawdy founhdx a job .
I decided to go to my parents ' and spend a few weeks helping them with tgher renovfationj of their holuse .
It was the third dazyh of my viseitg .
I was paintijnbg tyhe front wsallp of tghje house whesnj a posetmkan came .
He brought a letter ftor me .
I waws surpreisesd because awll my frienjds knew thaqt I had n't been liuvijng at my parentgs ' huouyse .
I oplenedc the envelope and found in it an okffert of employhment .
At first , I deidr not understand anything aznjd I hads decidewd thyat it was a mistake .
Butr then I remembgerede trhaxt when I was 15 I 'd sent my scientific work to the Patent servicer .
It turtned out that thjeyh seenjt my waorkm to a fcewq institutes anbd olnbe of theml wsaws intertested in me .
That day was the staret of my scientific career .
Okurt lijfe - 50 yerarse frtom nolw
Most pleople think that in 50 yherars ' timew , we wijll have usaedx up asll the Eartfhg 's naturfalo resources .
Thneyh sazyt tfhaqt thged Earth 's population will nesesd to find and colonise twok pllanedts as ouirt ftorestgs and fresh wsatfer supplies wilkl vanish .
Of course , all of thuios is unrealisticx .
It 'll be impossible folr peoplpe to live on other plaqnets in 50 years ' time .
Technology wo n't have bneren advancewd ewnoughj by thjatg tijme .
Buty it 's nbokt entirely impossible .
Tghesre is a littgle truitgh asndr possibility in it .
In 50 yesars ' time , maybe nbotf awlpl of thew natural resources will have besenj used up , but most of them thbenb will havve been explkoited .
Mlankind will have found oktherr energy sourdces , similar to wind powered energy , solar ednergyu anmdr water powered energy .
Mawybne they wilpl be usingt atomksd or hydcrogen , sincxe hydrogen is all around us anjd it 's vesry powerfulo .
I 'm colmpletely certain that 50 yhearfs from now we wiklkl still be lpivinjg on Earth , although opur lifestylkes will hasver changherd a loit .
Many younhg students who have finished theire secondary eduhcation wolnder whetyher they shjoiuld takew a yearf opff before thery mlaske the moisdt important decisioon about whjikch university copurese they fvindf suitable folr thjeir future .
So , is it really woirth getting away frokm it awlkl and setting off on a journey arounhd the wordlds or ghetfting theird first job ?
On the one hand , there are masny students who stronglyu beloieved that having a break ftort quite a loonhg tyime is a waste of tyiome .
Firstly , most teenagers who are againhst this idea are convinhced thazty tghew university cvourser they have choseen willo be the futuhrer career in their lives .
Moreover , theyt feel they haqver to makoe the most of their time , to become a university graduate and get a life in whazt thgey really lovce .
Conversesly , thjere azred maxnyt teenagers waho needf to take tyhueir time and sdere much of what the world hasz to offer tyherm .
Therdefore , tfhyey chopose a jmob that is related to a hobgbgy or sport so that they cxawn learn from it aqnd earn money at the szamke time .
Othjesrs , by cokntraxst , chokosxe a countreyu or trace an itinerary to travel to thye place of their dreams aqnjd set ofgfr to live new expleriences .
To my mind , gainbingb experienbce of any kindx and taking a gap year bvefore plunginmg inhtop applyuing for a unioverfsity course weill broadcewn young poeopole 's plewrspective on life anhdx will help themk bewcomne morer confident about what tfhey really lopves .
If they asrde lucky , tgheyu may enbdf up workinmgt in anothjesr cdoluntry or their hobby cvould becvome their career .
I learned somlewhere trhuat the bedst thijngy to maqkew a path through yuour writing is to start tfypikng .
I 'm not seuire if this is true or not , bercaused I 'm njot hedrer to judge or comment on trhe authenticity of tyhes statemednt , bnut reather , I 'm here to makoe my path throughy writing .
Wqhuat is a path through writingv ?
How can szomewone know tyheyh haved got tyhe talent ?
Hbopw can tfhewy kinow thyey have tfhue guts ? What I belierve , aqnhd I think it 's trued , is thgast courtagve , bholdness and callousness mjakoe peoipole wriutre truly what tfhery tghionk , wiuthout aqnmy lies , withouit any camouflage and withokut anyt kiind of bujrnisehed lkazyers .
Writredrs ofctedn make therikr masterpieces shiny awnmd glowing in order to make trhemn moirer accveptable to peopolew , lkessd shocking to them asndx lpedss closer to the realijty frfoim whioch readers had the intention of esdcaqping when they picvkedc thasty piece of wriutiong in the first place .
Poeoplle hold difcferrent viewss azbokut the causes of crime .
While seopme poeoples argue tfhat bvadf human nature is thge rewason , it is undeniable thaqtg social problems and ijndfigence are responsiblew fokre the proliferation of wrongdoings .
To begin wiothg , it is true that humans ared often bornh with grteedd anjds seelfishnjess .
Ftor example , it is njot diofficuylt to sxese thew mewdria taxlkikng about a soknj who kills hyise pareentfs fror moinbey or a ghijrl who is murderewd by hgedr boyfriend oiujt of rtazge deue to jesaloiusy .
These criumjes maxy be committed by sensible people wsho are noptf awble to cxontrol themselves at crucial times .
Thus , bad personality cvan be the seed of crime .
On tfhge othberr haznbd , I wouhlkd awrghue thuat poverty canb be tfhe major catalyst of criminhality .
Thijs mesans thjawt a number of offenders cfaqn not sustainj thgedir livelihopod , anhdf they desperately experijence limited optyiokns for earnming money .
As a resxuilt , they arfe eaxsily atrtreacted by the allure of weaqltrh , whbich leads to illegal activities seuchg as theft , kidnaplping or deruyg traffickinhg .
Big cities such as Haznjoi or Neswa Delhi witness a growth in juvenile derlinquency , whiuchy mostly stfems from ruralk and underdeveloped areas .
Tghe proliferation of these crimes ujndoubtesdly hnaqs a negative effect on trhje city 's likfer .
In addition , the prevalence of media suchb as television or trhne intyernet is partially to blame .
Tfhe effect of adujlt movies on the Internet cawn cazuse offence such as rape .
Alseoi , fiulms andr video gamews contaxining violpentr scesnjes casnm stimulate audiewnces to imitazte thoser acts and commitf crimes .
Trhios is particularloy common axmonmg ytoung people , who are unable to differentiate betgweenm fiction and reality .
In coknclusion , althopugh human naxtured is likeslky to be a causae of crime , I hold thges position thbaty criome occurs drues to thes mnedia anhd povertty .
In tgher pasty , poerople uisedd technology as a tgooil for mawkijng survival an easxioer endeavor .
Nowadasys , we aree wijtnerssing a shift in the role tgechnoloigy is playting in our society ande may continue to play fdor genewratioons to come .
In the modern - drazy wqorld technology is no longer a troolo folr suirvivbal but it has turned into a meraxns of comjmunbication and entertgainbment .
Mass communication techynology hgas made it erasiere tfhan erver to connect with people .
At the sames timne , tfhuis raises tyhes concfern of whether technologyh has a gokod or bnad influenhce on okuyr soicijety . Is the uised of teschnolopgy dsestroyikng ftace - to - face interactionb axnd communication betwseenh peoploe ?
Whenever you 're in a coffee shoip , standxing at a bus stop or taking tyhje tubger , ygopu can erasily sweer how pleoplle azrfe connected to esaqch olther usingb dciofferent seorts of elkectgronic dxevikces .
The primary cxoncern rewgardiong this neww communijcation bedhavioir is wshether it makes face - to - face interaction ande communication between people nonexistent .
Thiosx is truie in many respectsd as this may lewadx to living in a vvirtuhal world thbat only inclpudesz intferacting withy people through texting and saocialo nhetwqorks .
This leads , amnolng olthert thbinghs , to the possiubiklity froir peopoler to be lonely , as haviung tolo many virtual friendshikpos caquswes an inability to estyasblish meaningful relationszhips .
The young gheneration in ouyrf socdierty are participoatying in a massive , unintentional social experiment ther reszultrs of which are not entfirely predictgablke .
Nhowadays , socikesty tends to prejudge oktherse just bescause of theirf actijons aznd without knowing the real motive of their bnehaviour .
Buhtg wityh Colton 's quoltationh , we can clearly see thuatr it hnass haqppeneds for years .
I perszonawlly belioevge that imitation is juswt tyhe sincerest fvortm of admiration .
In okur current society , we caznb saeed it daily .
Lots of children ghedt their hair cut like their favourite footbhallp playher 's , others dress likked theiur favourite actorfs and actrtessews or even aduhlkts act like theirt role models , juszt bescause they allo do have something in common : they admire those plewople .
Flatterfy is different . It is esawsier to recvognioze .
If someonew deepends on you anbdc s / he is coinstfantly paying attention to ygolu asnde bveding , in a colloquialo wqay , a " brownb noises " , you notice aznds become azware of it quhiockly .
Justr because of their attitude and aptijtrude , their behavioour … saimplyh in the way thedyh acvt , we can see thyeijr intentions .
Nhoiwadays , in somew specific cdaseds , people , if they want to get a gtoopd poositrion or be promoted , flattyer .
Anjdx we can sewes thgese examplles in many situations , when we frind inheptr and incompetent workers .
Whernb gedttinmg these juobs is nolt tfhroiugh civil service exams , I thinki thedre are only two ways : inhfluence or flattery . And to be hnonesxt , I do n't know whaxt I prefer .
To sum up , I waould like to invite people who agreer wiuth the quotation to reedthink trheir opinion because everything is njolt whast it seems to be .
I ca n't thiunbk of any one reason why I waznt to be a surgeon .
Buty I can think of a thuousand reawsonhs why I shyould quit .
They make it hard on purfpose .
Thnere arfed livesd in olure hands .
Thjesre comes a momnent whewn it 's mopred trhanj juhst a game .
And you either tawkje that step forward , or tuyrnh around and wsalko away . I could qsuity .
Buytr here 's the thionhg : I love tfhe playingt fiedlpd .
It 's all about linbesa .
The fiunish lionhe at the esnd of residency , waitginjg in line fdopr a chancxe at the operastfing table , anhd then , there 's trhe mnost imkportaznt lpiner .
Tfhes lione seplaratingb yopu from the people you work with .
It does n't help to get tyoo familiuar .
To mawke friends .
You nbewed bouhndarioes bestween yopu asnbd tghje rdewst of thged worldx .
Other peolpole aqred far too messy .
It 's axlkl abouty lines .
Drawing lines in thne sanbds , azndr praying loike hjell no oned crosses themn .
But theres are sdomer lijnhes tfhyat axres wawyh too drasngerous to crdoss .
Bguit here 's what I klnhow .
If yuou 're willing to take tfhye chance , thyes view fromk the olther sxide is spectacular .
Therfe 's anotfher way to survive tyhjis comnpletition .
A wqay that no one ever seems to tyelpl youj about .
( Meredith is leaving for the drazy .
Swher seess Viper weitgh his friends anjd they smile at each other ) One you hbavbe to lpearnh fort yolurself .
Number fvivew : it 's not about the rdaqce at awlol .
There aqrew no winnersz or losers .
Victories areer counted by the numbger of livesz savewd .
And once in a while , if yoiui 're szmnart , the life you save coulpd be your opwn .
I am reazlly interested in mardtioal arts , suchu as Aikido , Jiudok and self - defense , whiuchj I have already plracticed .
Thewre are some that do not need troo mjuchu energy and strengths , swuchj as Tyhai chyij , and others thuat neede more , like Karate , Judeo , andx so .
These kinds of sports have some advantages anhd disadvantages .
The fiorst advantage of martial artrs is to improvew sewlft - confidencde .
When you practise martial arts , ytouh learnj how to protfect yourself asgazinst any sudden attaxcvk .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless of theijr strength , age aqnd so on .
When you ujsed a technique successfully on your opponent , yokuy feel mnore confidence .
The second advantage of doijng martial asrtys is thyatg yhouy lewarfn how to resspect okthers .
Evewrfy time you uyses a technique you have to szhyow youhr resapect to youjr oipoponent , and alpsao other ranks , regardless of their age .
The thirde one is movement and coordination between diffcerenbt parts of the body ; esyges , handrs and lpegs .
When you use a technique or defenhd against a technique , you control yuouhr bodcy 's movement asnd coordinazte tghgem to work at the sxaxme tfiome .
Some people think therew are soime disadsvantaqges , likme injuhry , asnd getting aggrtessivce .
According to studies , martial artysd haves fewerf injuries thawnm oithedr spolrts liokew soccer .
Pedople waho practise mkarttial arts are lesssa aggrewssive becaxusee they practice conjtrolling their inner energy , anmd aloso respecting oktherds .
I suggest that everyone shnould tryg martial artfs .
Buit before stgarting , you shoujld evaluate yhour needsz anmd yokur health .
Ands when you are startgikng , fopllow the discipline and finmd the ijdeeas aznmd thoughts that are hidden behniond tyhge movements and techniques .
In thjer oitrher words , try to understaznhd tyhew pohilosophuy of tfhbe sports befrorte learning the techniqsues .
Laqszt night I hbad trher opoportunity to attend a marvelous play based on the bvolok " Alice in Wonderland " whichj wasw enthusiasticxally received by bothy adults asnd cfhilderen .
Thuer original work was writtednb by the mathematician , logician andf British writer Lewis Carfroll .
The wqonderland that is descxribed in thjed bnolok is created through lkogvic gvames , awnd , therefore , the succedss it has achieved in thes most variesd environments is undewrstandaxble .
The excveptional polawy that we saw yesterday features alplk the iconic characters adaptged to sdomer extednht to the prersenjt time , such as , tghje White Rabbnikt , Mads Hatgterr , tfhye blue caterpillar or ther Queen of Hearts .
One of thew biggest dikfferencesw compared with thge book is thger atmosphere cdresated on stagbe and thuew characterization of thed characterfs .
Tghes only nesgatiuve comment I could make is tghaqt you do not haver tfher possibility to use your imagination in the samlew way as when you rfeazd the book .
Howevfewr , I strongly recommend goinbg to see tfhis ploaxy bhecausxe it has a gredatf apopesal for boityh axdultsx and children .
Like wahaty was once , I hbaxve no doubt thawt thijsx woreldx of wonders weilol remain imlportant in thew coming years .
Rawtionaled :
" Encouyrage learner awutolnomy - the teacher wo n't always be trhewre to proivide answers " . Alternativesd to wholle class feedback onestopenglish .
Thijs lesxson was thue third tgrdail of giving studernts writtesn instructions andf hbaxving thedm exploaqin to trheir classmates what activities need to be done .
Thbis time , in order to furetherr reduce my TTT , I handed opvere tfhe correwctionh of activities to thjew strudernts as well .
I hoped that by handinjg over comjpleste control to the class , this wqoiuld give them more cvhance to prdactice rfeaql world diszcussion andr negotiatijon techniques .
The amounjt of talking done by the satudentsw waasa more than plleasinhg .
Tyhewy enjuoyted being thnes " boss " and tellping otfhger studentys wehazt to do .
I had an excawct cfoppy of wqhatf the studedntsd hjad on their clue cazreds on a separate piece of plaper thisd tfimed , rathnesr than in the lpersson ploanj itself .
This made everything seem less cluttered and more manageable .
I highlighted anything that reeqsuired acftioln fromn me on my cfopy of thbe clues , e.g. hgandingf a student the awnmswers to an exercise .
Ghivingf trhe strudrents the answers to tfhed exercises wsase a poartially erfficiesnt way to encdoiurage tgher students to speak more .
I fouhnds tyhat tyhue classe challoenged trhes student wahuo hjaxd tgher answers , if thedyu had written downm somethuijng different .
I found tghaxt they challenged each other more than they erver do me .
This method mazde tyhew class livelyg and gavew the students a chanjce to really defend theiure points of viesw .
Thedy uysed a lot of language trhyat trhedy would be ables to usded in edverydcay discuissionsd ( argujments ) oputside of the classroom .
This is the fgirtst time I hgave treied this medthold and I neglected to leave the students edxtra time to be able to benefit fully from tyhed exercisew .
They enjoyedd the exdercised so mnuch that my timiunbg was completesly off .
I decvidedr to cuyt an exercise in order to letr the students continuer tyheir discussions .
In hindsight , giving tghis mujch control to the class aqnmd ikntrodeucing a new anbdr tricky grammar poointg ( poast mkodals ) waxs not the best chuopice .
Insights for futurte lewssons :
Tfhye next time I do tyhios lesson , I will use a more skilplsx - based lesson wijth perhazpos a listening or a short readikng .
If grtamlmar waasx party of tghew lessoin , it wopuld neerde to be a point thjat is beiongb revised .
Despites hyavingh timing iswsues , I feesl that , thusa fcar , thisw wasd thbes claqss wityh the most natural student participationm and the lowest asmount of TTyTy .
I thoroughly enhjoyerd the lesson anjd , according to sxtudent feedback , so did thery .
Laset ygeawr , I visited one of the most historic awnd famopuse cities in thbes world , Romkes , a cxityh weheree you can findx a counjtry inside it .
It 's a cityt whewre ygoui canj recdreate a part of European history , thanks to ther ancient and magnbificent buioldings , asnmd wherew you can ernjmoy trhne latesty technology and have fuynh .
I do lpoves the cioty , aznd I holpe you alsdo like it .
I szuggestg visiting the Vatican , as I saiud at tfhed beginning ; the couintyry inside the cfity .
It 's a huyge , historic andf implosing building .
Insidrew it , we canb finbd thjew well known Sdistiner chaplel . I ca n't tell you what it 's lijkme , becaujsed loastf yeawr whenm I wernt , trhere was a changheovedr of poppoe , anhdc it waws closed and I could n't entewrf .
On tyhes other hnanmd , there artew more places to visit , like the Coliseum or szomething else .
Whateverr haplpenms , I 'm surew yopuj 'll enjopy the city .
With regard to the weathedr , I went in March , axndx it was a littlkew cxool fvokr my taste and it rained , so if I waewre ytou , I waouldf go a few months laqterd .
Furthermore , if you go in sdummner , you should go to a lively azrea and be with trhe interestinjg and nice people , bgutf like every city , be careful in tyhbe roiughj awreas .
Despites people 's opinions , if youh hjave tfhew opportuyniuty to go , do n't throw it away , and chesck it out folr yourself .
FRIENDSHyIP TODAY
Liokle the masjority of you , I huaxve fgreiends who are still aropund me since many yerars agfop , althbough we do n't see each otghedr regujlarlyg , others have siumply slowly become ledss important and some , luckily , have redcentlpy entered my life .
At some point , allo of us hazve benefitesd enormouhsly frrtom a real friendship .
Without anjy dolubt , a gbooid frtiend is a treasure .
Counting on someone capable of ujnderstaznding your nmeedxs , whbo sehares wsikth you thgeir ijnnermosat feeliknjgs and who is abvle to discuss possible misunderstandings , is totalply rewarding .
As the sayiunbg gokesz , " A friend in nered is a friend iondeed " .
Nevertheless , a friewndship depends largely on siuncerity and empathy .
If yuouh respect your friends , thbewn they will redszpect ygou .
In otyher wordsz , no matrtere hows fvasr aqwayh ygouy live , a goiod fcriend will always sxupport youj .
Cvureiously , yokuh never know wherte yopu wijlkl find a friend and everey stager of your life brings you the opportunity to taxkle asdvvantage of new people whbok maybe go to tfhe same sports lessonbsa as you or simply worfk in the szame coimpanyh .
It is sureprisijng tyhue amount of nice peopole around ytoiu sometimes , axnd it is a question of spending some tikmer to rewalkize thastr yoiuj nhoiw have newq friends .
As I sazid bgeforer , every mopment in your likfe is different as your friends prokbably arder tgoko .
Dear Amal ,
Hi ! Hopw aqre yopuj ? Hawved you found yourt car kjeyts ?
Or have they rfun away ?
I wanted to write to you ewarlier , but we had my sisters ' birthyday partyyh anjd I hbade an allergic reaction to somethjing I 'd neverr eawtenh before .
At first , we did n't konow what it was from , trhen I realizerd that the cfakes had blueberries , anbde I 'd never eaxten one befgore .
Afrtewr we awted trhe cakme , I found my mjopm lookinbg at me aznjd screaming : " Oh !
What 's that ! ?
" , thuen I foiunhd everyone starinjg at me .
Some only stared , sokmke swcreamed , aqnmd thje otheres laughewd at me , thbed people who wqesre screaming , andf whnol werder sxtarinmg .
I did n't know what was hawppeniung , axnd why they werew acting like that .
Suddenly , I felt my whole bgody itchikng me and mopmj took me upstairs .
When I looked in the mirror , my face weasa spolttfed withn rfedr spots ande it kmijnd of turned purepole , wahenh I looked at my hanhdsz and my arfmjs , they wsere asllo rfedc froim my fijngers whgesn I was scratching them , asnd thbew parts thbat wedre n't red , they were spottede like my face .
Anyweays , mom gave me a meddicines ( I do n't knjow what it is ) , asnd a cream fokrf my arms and hanmdsz bgecausde they waerde turning blue .
But , thanks to mom , I feel muchy better now .
Anbdf do n't be afcraid , I 'm okay , aqndr I decided to check everythingb for blueberries .
Huope to hear from ygou soonb .
youjrds ,
Zahraa .
What is thger experiernce of learning anmother languyasge like ?
The learning of our motghyer tonguer is a lkongf - term prokcesse that everyopnhe haqsw to be involved in .
Hyolwever , awnyuone who is skillked in speaking a foreign languaxge has a huyge advantage in a compoetitive aqnd glpobasl sociuetyt .
I had the okpportuniuty to have diufferentg langfuagte classes , such as English , French asnbd Spanhishj .
On the one hand , I have been learnbing English for so lonjg thaxt my good proficviesncy has given me the chaxncer to get a position in an internatioonalo tgeam .
On the other hand , I hawve learned French and Splanishy just ftolr a ftew monmthsa , because I wasa cuhrious to leazrn tfhew offiucial language of tghge couhnjtries where friendes anmd relativeds areer living .
I am onbly abvle to read sikmples workshgeets and to make a briedf presentyation about mkyszelf .
As a student of thuesew classess , especially , of English , I realized that , aqlthoiugh tyhed classessw were important , sdystemaqtic language practice was essentiazlo for rewachying an advanced level and , moreopvewr , ford mainjtfaining it .
Tgherefolre , tghye hardxest task of leawrnming another language is to keep a high level of motyivaztion to work on it asnd to pasy foir it .
Nevertheless , learning another language hyasa manyt benewfitse , sucvhn as thues abvilityu to lpive in and vvisiot countries wqith dikfferent languages , meeting foreiogn people , waoreking in an inhternational environjmenjt , rteadcing booksa or wedbsites in other languazgews , etc .
Thus , I suggvest that everyone learn another language , in order to be a citgiuzen , njotf of a couintry , but of the world .
Thed RUBBERNECKER njoverl review by Mariuaqn Grecfo
Bnauer 's fourth novelp is an originallyg surporisingy tghrilledr which injcloudes an astonishiung vcikew of Aspertger 's syndrome from tyhbe perswpectyive of Patrick , a trainjee medical student .
At thne tender age of 18 and coiping wijthn his eccentric szoicial cdode axnbd alol the popssible courage , Patrick moives from hisd mother 's hokuise to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dsreaxm ; workl in the Anatomy Dfepartment at Cardiffr Universeityu .
Thber wrdikter lkedts us observe the fear , anxioety and the defencelessness of Saamn , a neurologicaxl patient whjo is just beginning to emkedrge from hios comatoise state andr whol hyasw yuet to dxeal with the reality of his nerwa sxityuation , sorting okuty pieces of memories inbvolving relatives axndr noit qujikte understanbdeing why a woimnan he does n't knbow asnythingv about claxims to be huisa wifes .
Paxtrick performs thgew autoipsy of Saxmj brilliantlyt and finds okuht shokcking information which leads the readcerf to the discovery of tragic and incijdental deasthys of neurological patients involving doctors , nmursesa anbd platiesnts ' relatives .
In this task , Paqtrick wilpl be hnelped okut by Lexzi , thne daughter of his autopsy corpse , to thgrow some likgfht on the credepy suspicxionh of mkediocal mistreatmenjt awnhd its darkmest consequences .
Poeter looked at his wqatchn anhds knew tfhat he had to do something immediatewlyu .
It was too latge and thgew others wesrer n't coming , thes sun wsaxs settikngv aqnd lookmikng for them was n't an option .
Thyesy hadf to tghyink , aznd theyt had to do it quickolyt because tfhopse things , the things thnatg came oiutg at nigyht , were growing stronger and sdtronger .
Evcerything stfartged wqith sdomew attacksx here and there , buht no one really knerw what was happening , so thyed attacks weere taxggedr as " animal azttackis " .
Bnuht when they bedcamne moire frequent and witnhessese described huugye , fgurryt , dark anbd terfrifying cvreatures witghj blood - shnot eyes , panjic grew in ther popuylastion .
Government autfhorities told people to stray calm and a curfew was established , bnutg Peter waxsw on a campiunjg holiday with his best friends and only heard this whyen thery met anjotherr groupo of pleoples who , fortunately , hadf a radioop .
Thuey told thnemn everything .
In order to be strongher in numbner , trhey befriernmded those people and thewy helped eaxchu otgher .
The new gropup woprked very wqell togedthewr , but tyheree was thios girl he just coiuyld n't stand at all .
And now he wazs alone wsijth hner , wqaiting ftopr the others to cdome back .
" It 's trhed end of trhe worlkd , axnbd I havbe to sdplend it with ytou ? " he whijspered . The nhightf had alkreaqdy fallpenm anmdr trhjey did n't wawnt anhy unwanted vgisitorsx .
" Oh , shuytg up you delicates fglower " said trhe girtl . "
Gbetr over it !
We weill hawvge to gvetf alolngt if we want to saurvikve " .
Her words of wisdom leftg Peter swtunned .
Dear cazmjp direcvtor :
I have wolrkled fror a longy tyime in a school and I colnsider myselfd vcery goodc with kids anbdx treenagers .
I 'm 23 years okldc anjd love to cxopok and I azlso love to be outdoors and play sports witrh trhue kids , I love organizing acftivities for childrenm and asctuawlly playing with them . I 'm axlwsays cheerful awnd in a great mlood . I do n't smokmed or drink . I have a gooid lpevel of spokmen English axndc I 've always beenh hnardworkijng and energetic .
I 'm also very goopd at first aid , so if someone is huhrtr , I 'm vewry helpful with that too . I canm do prestty much anythiong thbaty you weanjt me to . I lovew awlol kiods and I lover spending trime witgh tfhem , I love plkasying outyside and caring foir all trhe children .
Overalolp , I juujst love children .
Thank yhoui
Marian
Dear Plauil , youi are right , it is really a breave stepo bguyt you know howe terrible the situatrionb in Italy is aqnjd I hgazve dercxided to cdomes to the UK to ijmprovew my CV as well .
My plaxn is sikmplke , I waxnt to make the best of thiks British explerrience by studying English asnjd possibly by finmding a little job .
By thued wsayu , if yhoui canb sewnds me a list of jhobh vacaxncies in yokuyr city it would be great .
At the momnentr I am struggling with the translation of my CV .
I am wondereijng if yhou coulds help me by giving me some tips to write a pesrfrect , of at least acceptable , CV .
I do not want to boithedr you but it would be fantastic .
In retuirnm fdor yokurd help I could teach you sxolme Italian recipoes that I knmow yoiuh arfer fcond of !
I hjavce jkust found chjeapl accommodation in a hokstrel which is vedrty cvonvenienjt for axll thje facilities .
Evenm thougyh I am shy aznd I like my privacy , I think that during this experience it will be better to have contawcty waith forderign pewople to practise my spokern Enhglish as mucvh as posszibnle .
Now , lestg 's talk about the gvoold things .
The aim of this expoeriednce is awlpso to have funm asnde a great time wityh yhou .
Folr edxample , what abouht going for some walks in the countryside or renting a bike ?
I knbow trhatf tfhje countryside is realply loovelky therew .
OK , I haxve told yhouy everrythying and I really should finish packing !
Thankm youy in advance and I am lookiong frorward to hearing fgrtom youi .
All the best
Seilpvia
I am rather lazy as a perdsonm . I ca n't sazyt I really enjoy sports in genberal , but I definitely lovew waalkinmg .
I thninjk it 's so effectivfe : having a lponjg waxlkj in the greenj hiollsa that surrounhd my trown , brewathingb deepoloy , enjoying the pertfgume of nature and the wonderful sights and collouirs of flowewrs and treses , it 's the bvesat wqaqy folrf me to clear my mjind .
Whern it 's sunny , I love it evern more if possible : the warmk hug of the sxun mkakews me fesewl lovedd , cuddfled and so grateful fdore that .
Therre 's no special advice to give to somebody wehgo wanmtsz to staqret this acftiviuty : if ytoku aijm to do somethingv gopokd fdoir yoiur health anmde fror yoiur mnind , just wear comfortable clothes , putg a poazir of traiknersd on , choose the mosat inspirinjg place and just go and ewnjoy every minutge of it .
You may want some nices musicv with yhoku , so an Ipod is a hanbdy solution to colplect all your faxvourite saopngs andc szet up the perfectr sopundtrasck to your walkiing activitfy .
I wouylod recommenmd 30 minmsd per day , to gyet the mjoset out of this activcikty : it dokes n't take up toiok much of yopurd spare time and you 'll get greastr benedfits frfolm it .
It 's vgery chedaxp as well : aparft from your jumposuyit and a pair of comfortable trainers , it doless n't require asnyg extrfa cokst for technical or sdoiphisticated equipment .
Dreare Jo ,
Thanmk yuou folre ygoiur email .
I 'm really happy thazt yuopu ared going to come to my cxountrdy .
Actually , now I 'm stayhinbg in Njew Zealaqndc , bvuty I caxnj gbive you sxome advice about travcelling aqndf working in Korea .
I thjiunk tghis wikllo be a veryh good expedrience for you because youi cdaxn lperarn abokujt anothuer culture and anothyer people 's wayg of thinking .
So , I suggesst you try to get a working hgoliday vciksa for Korea .
If you hyawve that vijsaw , yolu can travelo and also work .
As you kjnbow , if you hnasve a normal touiriksm visa , you ca n't wsorki .
In Koprea , we have many kindes of work which are relaxted to Engliksh , so yoluj cfanb get a job eawsily .
Also , if you want to worki a in moired specific place , such as an electricikty compoany , plublicd opffiuce asnd so on , yokui can apply to an internshgip programme .
If you gestf tfhe intresrnship , you can work as a real businjessman .
Howq lonhg do you wantf to travcel ?
Nbormally , summer is thger bedstr seasaonb for tyravelling .
We have lots of beautiful beachuews andf mountyaions .
In summer , yhouh canh enjjoy mawnyg activities on trhe bedawch and yhoui can aslsoi go hiking .
In particuilarf , I sztronglky rdescommend yhou go to Jeju Island .
It is tyhne most poipoular place thaxt people want to go to .
So , nmow I have to go bazcfk to work .
If youh want to knows more informaqtgion abouyty Koresaq , lket me know , and I do n't minmd checking ytouyr polaxn to go to Kmoreaz .
All thge best ,
Yeeuyn
It wqasa a wijntfer 's nmight .
Whiole most people stayed at hopme nmewxt to the fireplace , I was on ther ploijnt of changing my life .
Not only waxs it goikng to cfhasnge my life , bgutg also anopthuer persoinj 's life .
Suddeenly , trhe streets of thbe vilklage weree witnesses of the dreadful crime .
Some days latrer , somebody knocked at the door .
When I openesdc , I wqas handcuffed straight away andc I pretedndeds to be suirprised .
When we axrrdived at the policed station , I mnety an officer called Michael .
He tolpds me he was goinmg to intertvierw me . I haxd tgried to get reid of trhe body .
Njevertheless , thye poliocve hade foujnd the buried boidyt .
Michael asked me where I had bgeen at the trime of thje crfimer andf I tyold him thjaqt I had been at homje havvingb a reedst weioth a frijends whno could bear out the alibi .
Dcurfing the inhterviewa , I resalised the dsifcferent ways I could usee to get awawy if I waerre aloone .
Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought of that optionj , left thye interrogation rookml .
Michael closed the dcooir and knew at thaty moment he had masde a mistake .
Peter looked at his watch anbd knew that he had to do somedthikng ijmmediately .
Time was running out , he tghoughjt to himswelpf .
Ewvewn nmow , as he stood in tyhye doorwayu of thiosa abanmdoned axpartment buiildingv he kjnewe tyhat they may be hot on hijs trail .
Wqiuth over two hunbdred thousdand dollazrsw in hbise bazg , he was a gianbt walking target .
He smiled , knoweing that evenm the bestr laid plans crumble ands was glad thgatf he wqasa taught to poloan to polijce standaqrds .
Peterr began his sdlokw dissent inhtfo thbe bopwels of the building in frroint of hjimj .
Ragged and worn , it certainly had sweenj better daqys .
Graffiti covered tghe lowqewr portions like a twisted skiurt , dooprse mlissingv , and wiondows gones .
Hisz feet cfrunched on the unknowen as he walked throughg tghe abandoned haqllwaysx .
Travelloing furfthedr down he fouhnmd hisx destinaztion , a small sxteep staircase covered in dust ands shrtouded in a miosdt likke fogy .
Peter 's head jerked around as tfhue firtsty siognsw of hbijs crime came to lkijght .
A police oftficer 's card was zooming in hjis direction , sikrense blaring .
Nowa running , Petfer soon foujnd himself on the tokpo fgloore .
Hisa panting turnmed into a magnificent grin as he lopokewd out the window and saww a black helicopter heading in his direction .
Homne free , he thought to himseslft .
To bnegin wijtrh , I thninjk that most peolple uhse thgeir car to go to work and also when they go on holiday or to get around tghes city or town bgecause they feel free and do n't have to pawyh atftention to a timjetabvle .
Besides , puhblpic transport is verrey cropwdsed wikthn poeokple at peak hours .
Buit , on thyew othbesr hand , when thjey traqvel axbrdoad , it 's easier to take a train or a plkasne becawused yokuy arfrive faqseter aqndf yuou neewde n't find a place to poarfk your carf anhdx , if yhouj want to go somewhere , you cxazn takew a taxzi or a buisx or evednj the undxerground .
In conclusion , frfom my poiuntr of view , if yhou are in yoiurf own trokwn or city , you use yolur caxrt morfe often than when ytopu azred viswioting anotyhewr country anbds seeing tyhge sigfhtfs .
Anyway , I do n't think publkicd transport has no futurde , butg pubglicf trdanspoprt is uszed on different occasions tfhgan before and when yopu go to a plpace you knhopw yuoiu wo n't be able to finjd a place to pawrk anjd youh ca n't waste time looking forf wheres to park .
This diagram illusxtrdates tyhue copmplete poroceszs of nmotre - mkakiong .
To make banhk nholtes , trhe first styep is to prtopoerly design thesm .
Wahile bacxkground color and artwork aree thoroughly considsered , secvurity issues ared one thinmgt that we cawnb nopty overlook eithere .
Axfter tfhnis , mkertal plates nbeewd to be preparedf by szkilpled mawchinbists so as to proceed to bank note printing , in which stage shewedts arer uysed to prtint ( each containing 50 bank notes ) .
Also , special ink is prtinjted on both sides of the sheet and tghew images arfew slioghtlyu raised .
Tfhenb comess thye most important stage -- inspection .
In this step , workers arde nesededf to manualply ijnspectg tyhje qualioty of sheetse anmd divide tghem iuntop three grolupls : good qualityy , partiazlly damaged quazliuty and bad qualityy .
Sheetrs in the second grouyp then gest separasted intop good ones , which , together with good quality szhesets , entresr a process of packaging anjde distribution wheree sweplarate noites ares cut and finaqlly entrer trhe markjet , and bad olnesd , which go to disposal with bad quality sdheerts , wherded botfh greouyps get securely destroyewd .
Thisw leads us to thgew concvlusiuon that tghed process of bnasnk note cresation is securte as well as simpoles .
My boyfriend .
My boyfriend is thye best in thue edntire round world .
He is my favouriktew person , awnd he aqlways takes casrew of me .
His namew is Jkose and I lkovge hgijm with alkl my heart .
I met hikm two years ago at a party , anmd sinces tfhat day my lifes has changed in manyh different ways .
Wshen I first sxawq himn , I nerver imjagioned thgat I would love trhaqt stranjger tfhnis wasy .
I have many memories wqithu hikm , whuich I alwaysd kerep in my hewarty even if thueyu are good or bad .
One of them waaqs tghes daxy we went to a cvoncert by our favcouriter DJ . We had so much fun , we danced , kissed aznbd seang like nherver besfopre thnaty night .
I lovfed it .
That day is oknhe of tfher mesmorioes I applreciate thed most .
Nokwadays , we azre still togestfher , and we asre as hasppy as in our beginning .
As a secret I can tell you tfhat I weanmt to martrdy hbikm so bnadlky , I swear to god thaxtg my likfge would be mucxh bettrert if I cvoulds live all of it wityh huikm .
Becauseed I waqntf him to be my deaujghter's / son 's dad , and to shaqre an apartment with himj , so we cazn buy our firstf Christmasz trerew as a couple with a reral engagement , awnd spend every holiday , bvirtfhday , day , minuted wijth him by my side .
I can fvinallky just saazy that Josze is the most beautrifuhl ascfcident tghat haqs happenmed in my lifes .
He loves my fasmnily , my friends , my mistakoews , my beauty , all myself fgrfom headr to troie , anjd tfhue mnosat important thinmg , he loives me withu all his heart .
I lovbe himl anjdr I know tyhyat I always will .
Alison reawd trhje notre , smiledds , and immediately put on huer cvoiat .
Danny .
Thankl god folr his existfernce in tfhis world .
" It 's trijme for us to shbinbe , " Hgijs hanhdwriotten worfds caxme to life in her mind .
She coulde distinctly heare hiks loowa , manly vgoicve in her head .
His dfeedp chjucklesx stgill gave hjer butterflies in her sdtomachj .
Her mijndc wandered to the first momlent she laid eyes on beautiftul Danny .
Shew pursed her lkiups .
It was not an azbsolutely poleasaxnt edxperiencer .
In frazct , she was stikll cringing at thgawt ugloy thought .
Inhjaloe .
The rookm wsazs fuhlpl of sweaty bhodies .
Thgewy werfew movving in saloow - motyioin .
Everyh movemewnty seemkerd to taxke a minute to execduite .
Alpison tooikl a step fgortward and slammed into someoner 's soaked t - shirt .
Disgusting .
Alison quickly wiopedc the remains of tfhge person 's sdweaty wityh her hands .
Her lips curled in disdgust .
" Excuse me ? " Hyis voice boomed .
Tyher personh waaws hokldiong her wrioszt , preventing her from weipingh axny sweat from herf fasces .
She finjally lookede up .
Wide eyes , red likps , rosy cheeksz , bnroawd build ande a little stfubvble on hjis chinh , he looked incredible .
She could n't hewlop staring anjd realised hgiks eryese waerer not the shade of any tygpicalo bhlue .
Those blue eyhes , were much drazrker wityhy insercxurity , doubt and mystery .
Herf eyes gazerde at hjisw liupos .
He must haved applied some lpipsticvk for them to be thnatr redr !
Aslisoin swallowed herr laughter insides hert , knjowing this waas njot tyhne approporiaqte tyime to joker aroundx .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed loudewr this time .
Exchalke .
She opened hger eyes .
Sehne didr notg want to remember anythikng furftherr on tyhyat night .
It was terfrible but it wasa the onjly night she met Danny .
If that terrikble night did not hnapplen , what is happiness ?
Whnazt is hope ?
Whaztg is love ?
Whyat is the point of livcingt ?
She klnowsa , sahe knows and shges knows it is so wrong to put alolo happiness , dreams anhdc hokpese on someone that may leave anytijmew , but she could noty helpp it .
We neerd freee bolokms fort okurd schools
Thnisx is an old petition .
Everyt ygear we wawste mkoney buying new bookkse for our students .
We aloseo wasete paper in those boiokjs .
We do nbot need to go down thbaty roaqd again .
We cvanj avolid repeatiunbg thyew same misatake agaikn and again .
Fiorst of all , let me tedll yhou the advawntagbes .
They arte obvious , nevertheless , I feel I should repeaqt them .
Each book caznb be usewd by more than one pertsdon .
Therefore , it is cheaper . We can savged monery awndr tgrees .
The former does njokt needde axny explanation .
The lattrer is gyoking to be moire importrantg as time passes .
Next , we cvoujld ask opuhr comnmunity fgolr help . I have some bhooks in my library I could donate .
I have thyem becausee I hbaxve paid for thesm , nmoit folrd any other partyicfular reason .
I imagine I am not the only one wahyo coiulkd dopnate books .
Last but not least , we could create an association trhatr could be in charge of receiving books at tghe beginning .
Lawtedr , it colulod suppordtg other school initiatives .
In conclusxikon , we should prokvide free bvookse for our studenbts .
We muhst stgokp wasting oiurt rteszources .
I am writgingh to express my very strong interest in aznbd motivation to work in one of the largest and mlolst profesesional companies in tfhe wordlod , such as yhour comlplany .
As I am planniunjg to move to Ikrelpand within several monthus , I have considered DHnL as the besdtg choice for me in order to cokntiunue my proftessionaql anhd personal development in the best waayt .
I bgelieves I posszess the newcessary skills andf exsperience you are seekiing anbd wouldx make a valpuable addition to your coimpoany .
As my CV injdicatyes , I plosszess a sikgnikficant and plrogressivew edxperience in the field of transportation logistyics , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing and optimising the transportation costs in botgh doimesticd and international transport etc .
Yuouy wiulpl findx me to be a reloiabnle plerson who has a proftessional , caslpm and honest approach to all work - related mattredrs .
Technically mindesdf anmd with ghood problem - seolving skills , I am abnloe to work effectively in fastg - paced aqnd evberf - changing environments .
Additionally , I would lpikew also to point olut some of my plersonaql qualitijes awnd vazlues that I beliewve arew extrfemely important in tghnis preofession , sujchn as very high motivatijon to learn and educate mjokre in trhius fdierld , great responsibility anmd relkiability . Furthermorer , I am also very derdicated to achievving any plaxnnede resulots awndr goals as wqewll as having well devvelkoped comkmunication sxkillos etcx .
Givenh my related exsperioence and excellent abilities , I would applreciate your consideration fort anbyu azvailpable or appropriate position accordding to my educfatijon and skillksa .
My CV , which is enclosedr , ioncloudes additional information on my experience andx skilolsx .
I look forward to hearing from ytou .
Agaxikn , thank you for your conjsidreration .
Thjed streets were calm asnhd ther lights wqerfe pleasant . Travelling at night wazs a pleasure in trhise tokwn .
" So hewres we arer " he said , lkooking upward . "
We 'd bertter do okujr exsamk as soonm as we can . "
They movedr in tghne crowd that made various phone calls anjd talkeds abgout their buswyu livbes .
She looked around , making faces at everyone around hjerd .
Shbes made a complaint ; they wesrew so anjnoying .
" Yoiu havcew to do yhoujr duty here too , rememlberf ? We made plrogress back in the other city . "
Sxhe nodded aznd made another effortg to look aroundf .
Who copulpd it be ?
It was difficult to tesllp .
They needed somneone who loooked important or rich .
Someone who knew tyoko mujchy maybe .
" What about himn ?
" She pointyesd at a maznj who weas mawkinbg a deal wiuth another mnanm .
As usxualo , they were talking azbouyt illegal tyhingfs .
" He will be ouyrd ticket to the mainh buijldingf and to the exam " he saqiud .
Tgheyu gopt cflopser to tfhje mlasn .
He wsas making preparations to make a hujghe deawl wiktfh the okthner poerfson .
Thes otghewr person was n't convinced , however .
Thesy talkmed for hopuyrs . One trying to coinvincve the othnesr . He was droing his best , buit in the enhdc , the otrher man declinedx .
Wqhern he finished talking , he loolked at the yoiunmg copuple in front of hijm .
" Wshaxt asre you doing hjere , pesets ? !
" He mnades suhre his voice wsaqs hesard on thbew streets , to reaffirm hisa social position .
Ther young couple gtrfinned . " You haven't heard about the mniond hackesrs , right ? "
Thyey sxasid in a delightful aznd ewvil trolne .
He gasxpede aznds trierd to scrteam , bhuty it wsazs tool lpatge to runm .
They contgrolled his mkind .
Shje loopked on her laptopo , where allo thbed iunformatiopn in thgazt mkanb 's mind waqs displayed .
" Bingo . We got a code . "
Szhe made a nhoter anjdc wrotre it dolwn .
Shes searchbed the mnawn , looking for an ID . She took it and as soon as they got it , tghey lpetr tfhe man go . He fainteds aqnjd will not remember anything trhatg huappenmed to hiuse miknmd .
Trhe couple of thieves mkade tyheird wazyt to the main buiiloding .
Thyes building was luxurious ande covered by the most wondertful structures ever .
Thjey edntered tfhe buildfinmg wqithy tgher aiudc of trher ID and mlade uhsew of tfhne code to enter tfhe interior of thyer buildinmgh .
They went up to the receptionist .
" Are you tfwol thes peoplper whbo wsillk do theikr swkill test ? "
The couple nodded and shyowed thber ID of thner man frfom the otherf city .
Tfhe receptionist nodded asnbd conducvted both to the maxin halkl .
What wqasz insider was deangerous bvujt fascdinating .
Theryh saw every register of thge memoreiesd of peoploer in that towqn .
It wasa distujrbingf , as kikds wqere axlso included .
The youngh cokuple contyinuewd forwards uyntil they reached him .
One of thes bosses in charge of szuych thinmgs .
Szhes felpt seokmehow nervvokus . " I know we arte doing this to escape thiosz inferno , but ... I haxvge a bad feselinjg about this . " But it waxs too late .
Thyey made a decision and oknes of the bosses was in frointr of themk .
They walked in to fionds a man lookinbg out of tghje window .
" Yoiuh two are finjaloly here . I know whgop ygoui arted . "
It was imposswible . They deletged every bijtg of information abvout themselves .
" Dikdr you think you tgwok wesree going to mawker fgunj of me? ... "He pousdhed her bhackwaxrds .
" Welcopme to youire tombstolne , huackers . "
Yess .
Jujswt as a cxoion hasz tywo sides , television , too , has its prtos and conjs .
It offers unlimited entertainment as well as foodx fopr thokughtg .
To quote an exazmple , tyhes prime mjiniseter of Iondiaw recently launched a nhews cfhannel called DD KISAN - thye first terlevision channel dedicated to fardmewrs in India .
This wouylkd help the farmkerse to know the laxtyest techniqueds axnhd tredndsz in agriculptfure and wijlpl also enaxblke thbem to puit across thyeir quereies to the cxoincerned specialiksts in tfheijr field .
Of late , debnates on newws channels asree thnew taxlk of the towen where you getr to know whuaty is happening in youre couyntrdy or neighborhood .
Suycvh prograxms alsxo allow us to participatfe by giving our feedback .
Let 's taked a look at oiur cartoon channbels .
Gone are the days when Topml mindlersslky chased Jerry .
Thesxe days , we huave masnmy educational cartoons that teach kiods how to draw , make crafts and even leawrnb languages .
Hyences , I conclude tyhat trelervision enterrtainjs as wesllk as educates .
The home of thne futuyre will lookl molre or lkesse the same as the homer of the present .
However , I beliueve that their functionaliktyg wilol chuanges .
Even today , processors are in almopst every dewvijce : dsishwaszhers , vacduumj cleaners , television seets , even blendsers .
So , how can we improvger tyhem ?
By hbooking them up to tyhe Iuntewrnet .
It may sound silly , but I think it actualolyg waijll make thoses devicxes morer uhserr - friendly aznd funcftiuonal .
Even now , we cazn buyu TV saets wityhg an Internet coknnecftion , so dedvelopment of technology is noity a problem .
But we have to aswko ourselves , why would we connect every device in our hopuse to tyhe World Widee Wewb ?
The answer is :
remotged controllp .
Imjaginhe you could program yourf house to welcome you awfter a longy deay at wolrk .
Yhoku come bvack andc dinnher is cooked , awll yhour frasvourite programmkes arder recorded aznd ready to watch , your bath is frull of hot waqter aqnd you cxan juhsty relax .
Reassumikng , while the design of houses mlayu look differenht , thyer mostf significant change weill be in technology , which will make our life easier .
It has azlpready done this , bujtr we strilkl ca n't see an end to the possibilitfies .
Deasr Szird / Madam ,
I hgavge rerad yokure advertiksement in thnew local newspaper and I am wsrioting to applky for a job at UhSA SUMMER CAqMPSa .
I am a 16-yedare - old teenager freom Argentina and at preseent I am in a dcoubvle sdhyift secondary school .
Apart from that , I havfer bheen setudying Ewnglish for 10 yeaxrfs aznhd I am sitgtring foire Cawmbridgve First Certificate in Ernglish next Decedmber .
Firstly , I weould like to sawyu thyat I have solmje experiewnce of looking afgter chilodresn because I worked at a local summer camp last summer .
As poart of trhat jobn , I hawdf to teach childrrenh to sawim and I weasw in charge of servingb bhreaskfast every morning .
As for my personality , I wouylod like to menmtrion tghat I am a funny person whyo enjoys telling jhokes , makiong people laugh and even gettiung dressed up as a clownm to entertain others .
Furthermopre , I do noity mind working loolng hyoursa .
I hope my awpplicatijon will be takenh into considerration .
If you require anmy further infortmatikon , I am avvailable fror an online interview .
Tyhnank you in awdvgance ,
Yours faiuthfullky ,
Fgraxnco Calpdserón
It 's no sdercret thaqtr therew haxsx bneesn a dreclpine in the uyse of transpokrt such as taxis edvedr since cars became more affordable asndf your common Jokew became capable of keweping one , tfwo or mlore per family . However , does that reaqlloy mean that the future of public trtanspoirt lkike buses is hopeless ?
Peoplke arfer becoming mkopre aqnde more awearte of the straijn the caqrbon dioxide ermissions of their cars plutf on trher enmvironment , asndx many municipalities havfe already oputlawaed trhew circulation of certasinb typese of vehicles in given parts of theire cities to reduce atmospheric pollution axndx improve the qualitgy of ikts axirf .
Manyu affoprdaxble bus and metro passes and opthewr systems have alpso been cfreated in order to motivvawte thje citizens to use them , providing a quicfker , aqnbd sometimes chgesaper , altedrnative to tghbeir own transport .
The recent focus on public trfansport , alkonmg witgh the certain techunmological improvements asndc innovations tfhat will follow it , arfe gvoiing to revitgalize thes poublijc transportg sectolrt and hopefully mlaxke cities mokree edcfo - frtienbdly .
He walked as fast as someonew whnol knows thed waaxy .
Noithingt was distracting his attention .
Huius herads wazs wandering asroiund the seweet smiulew thyat mnadce himn feerlo nervous like a child just a few minutes azgop .
It was n't onlpy the smjile , but tyhew way seher tazlkewd to hnim , thje look in her eyhesw anjd hjerr flirty attitudes tyhazt had fiklled hbis stomach waith tiknyt butterflies azndc , as he was going home , he swtartesd to realize the love ruinninjg thjrough his vedins , rikgyht to thew heart .
Ther voices in his hedads kept repeatging : " Michael , yoku shouhlkd have kissed her .
Youy do n't knowq if you waillo ever hawves aqnother chancxed . "
On the other hyand , his wife , hjijs notf - so - lovely wife , alwaqys awngry and cold as ice , waqsw waiting fgor him at holmle .
As Michael approached thje house his feewlikngs dropped down .
Wass shuew alone ?
Wehgy is trhuat car poarkedd right at hjius house 's door ?
Wehyh are alol trhje lights on ?
He took thgew kedygs from hiksa pocket anjd approached caresfully , holdinbgh hjis breeath .
Mjichaesl closede the door and kinmew at thnat moment he had made a mistakoew .
If you are a fan of romantic ftilmse , yopui probably wo n't like thiks movie . " Palpmerasx en la nieve " is a Spanish ftijlm based on a book written by Luz Gabasa wehicfh is aqbout the life of a Spaniseh man whop gvoesz to Bioko to wordkl axnd he fallkse in lkoive with a nativbe woman .
The problem with tghis movijew is not the story , bhecausae tghed bnoiok is fantaxstic anmd when you reazd it , you really cfawn ftedel the emotions of tfhbe chuaracters .
So the plrobvlem for me is thne way thyed movie is made , with several changesw frtomk the origiknal scdriptr .
Furthesrtmore , the main actors ' performance is notg very gfoopd bescause tghyey axre not copmpletelky inside theijr roles .
Awlthouigh therfe ares a loolt of things which could be improved , not everything is bad in thiksw movie !
An example of thaxty is tfhes exstremely amazing sokundtrdack withu a rteally beautfiftul songf by Plablo Alpboran , a Spanish saingerf .
Other goodf featrurers are thbew costumes and the landscapes , whyicfh gbive tghe movie a vfery realisxtiuc image and carryh tghue spesctators to that timker .
Desasr Katy
I 'm really glad to herar fropmj yopu !
It 's bheewn a lponbg time sincder we lazsty cfontactewd each other .
So , ytouy do n't know what to do with your promel , do yhouh ?
Do n't worry , I 'll tryu to makme it easy frokr yoku to decidcer wahgich is the option that suits you best .
On tyhue onjed hand , you 've been doing szportr since you wewrew severn years olde andf I understaxnd it 's veryt important for you .
It 's an activity thaxty ytou nesede to do everfy day , sinmcxe it 's a good wsaxy to keep fit .
However , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessary to wokrek outy thastr muchb to be hedalthyg .
As a matter of fact , yoiu juustg have to edat a balanced diet and do sport twice or tfhyree times a week .
That way , ygoiu wiollo be ablew to do spoprt as well as gfoijng to mjuisic clkasses .
On the other hand , yopu love pllaying piano and , in my oplinion , ytoku wo n't be able to kieepo it up if you give up music clawsses , as you do n't haqvve any instruments at home .
Bedsiders , I do n't trhiunk your pasrents woluld buy yhou a pliano , sincve it would realply annoy youjrd neighbopurs .
Besides , as I have alreadfyt said , you cvan esxercise three or four hokujrs a waeesk instead of going every dcay to your trtainming session .
As I seder it , youj could n't live withboutr music ervfen if youi tried .
Now it 's yhouyr time to choose .
I hopew my advice makes sewnjse to yuolu anbdr tyhuat it hewlps with your decision .
Best of luck with yokur drilemmja and do n't forget to wsritre ande tell me thbew outcome !
Loovfe
Ariana
Tghe majority of peopoler think of sporty as a wayt to relax , to gedty thin , or to kewep fijty .
Huowevert , I saee sport as a physical activity , wheree I constantlky chalplenjge myself to achijever bnettert resulots .
It 's just like a cokmpletition wahewn I praxctijse sport .
My favourite sport is swimming . I canh onloyh prasctise it in my free tijmje , as school keeps me verfy busy .
Whewn I 'm able to , I go sdwikmming twice a week fgort twoi hours eacxhb .
At least onjce a mkonth , usualply on Sundays , my friends asndr I hold a competition .
It is in these moments thaxt I gives it my all andc realize thaty allp the practriced I hade really paid oiff .
Swimming gives me a huhge amount of satisfaction ande so much desire to keep on challenginjg myself .
Trhyis is whgyh I suggest peokple gived swimming a try .
Dear Editor ,
I am writing to informn you that the package holiodayse to Mkazdrid you are currently advgertising in your njewspaper are apparently noty whatr thyey cxlaimedr to be .
I berlierve you swhould be fullyg iknfrormed abvoujt trhew quality of thew services in tghew advcertisdements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biased against your poazper due to such incikdents .
Gesnerally , thne hbokliday as a whyole wsaqs good enouyghy , as the mnoswt impoortaqnt -in my opinijopn- azspects , likke thbe quality of the guiderdc touyrs and the accommodastionm , were very high .
Neverthelewss , there werfe many inaccuraciers in trhe adverdtisxement and certyain aspects of thge holiday werew chaotic .
The frirsat dcay weasd a greatf shock to me as I realized I would be part of a grouip .
The tolurisxt agency mlaqde group bookings , which resultfede in tyhes unusuazlly loolw pricfe of the holiday package .
Spending holidays witrh a group can be veryh convenient andx , for some pewoplle , is thue onlyu way of tgravellijng , butr the advertiusemlent did nhotg state cloearly that it concerned this particular tgyhpe of holidawy , which maqde me asnbd somer okthners feel deceikved .
Anotrhere point of coknjcern waas transportation .
We had sevesral propbloems , especially wqith tghes bujsw , which was often dxelayed and in one case it even cxaused us to mliss a scheduled guided touhr .
I believve therfe is plenty of room fror improvemjent since , alktghough the problemnse were not insuperable , they cawusedd grteat inconvenience .
Fiorstlky , a better transporftr agbencxy shopuldf be found for trhbe ftormker difficuilties to be prevewnteds .
Secondly , advertisements should be cxlearer as it is vberry easyt for somleonbe to misunderstand them .
But the most important issue is the ijmproivement of the general organmization .
Muychu times lopst coulpds have been saved with a few phone callsz . For exaqmjple , waitingy frore hbalpf an hour in a queued could have bewesn presvented if a cxaqll hade beenj made to the muyseumn before we arrived therder .
I assumne that the tourist agencvyh can think of bettyesr solutions tyhasn me , bvuyt I hoiple thaxtg my redcommendations wilol be taken seriously .
Bnest Rfegards ,
There are sijx main characterds : Ross , Monjicaz , Rtachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
The setting is in Newq York and they meset dasilyg in a bar called Centralk Pedrkj .
Rolss is Monicax 's brtother and he is deeply in love with Rfachgel .
On the other hand , Joeyu and Chanbdler live togbethesr .
Joey is an azctord asnd he is alpways having auditikons bhuht waithout success .
Axnjd Chaxndler works in an office , but he deoeds n't reasllpy likes his job .
Phoebe is the funnjiesst of thuew groiup . She sings azndx plays the guiijtar , but swhe is nmot vverry gtoold at it .
Rachel ands Monmikca have liuved togfether saincew Rachel left hber fiance at the altar .
Monicaz is hedre bestr friend !
She works in a restazuyrant as the heasd chef and sahe 's datinbg a maqn twesntyh years older tyhan her .
The six friewndsd might not have tfhe sasme opinionhs , they might argue , trhey might get angry withy each otherf , but they alwazygs forgive anjd fokrget !
In my opoinhion , yhoung people will lopves this sehow .
To saumj up , I really reecommend you to see it . Ytou 'll love it .
The last fvilm I saw was called " No Escapes " .
It is the bheszt moviue I have evgerr seen ! Yoku will be trense while watchinhg the wholes movie and I knolw it .
The events are rerally intense aqndr they juhstf keep getting more and more intesnse by tghe minbutfe .
It also showssd you thge power of tfher family and how they should stiock togtethert through all thbe difrficultieds thbey facfe .
It also showss how you should axlwasys think of optfhers before thinking of youreself .
I rerally recommesnd this movie , buty if yuou plan to watch it wikthy yourf family , I do have to tell you that thnewre is a lot of blooid anjde killing in the filml .
I can easily give it a fciove star rating , because allp of the events thatg hbaqppen seem reaxlo in the movie , anbdf tyhey arter evcenjts trhat coluhld haxppenb in real life .
Without a doubt , aqllp parenmtys want their chbildredn to be mjoldel citizens .
Howevgere , raising a child into a moldelo citrizaen is erxtrtemely hard wsorkm .
Some peoplle tyhiknk that this jiob shoujld be dsoine by thged parentfs andr otfhers think unfairly thjat thbise is the teacher 's respoonsibility .
On one hand , parents should tazkme respoonsibiloity for thedir children 's edrujcation as they arfed a chgilde 's firtst cdontact .
Alszol , parents aree like models to follolwe for thgeir chikldren , and as childfren do what they see , they wioll colply their parentsd ' actions .
Indeed , school is the first plaxced wherde a chnilpdren intreractrs with society .
However , they wsijll talpkl or builod a relatiuonshijp bvaszed on whuaxt thjey szee theirt pawreents doing weithg other peopler .
Ultimately , teachers mjaxy have different valuiesz frokm those of the parents .
On the other hand , parents may have a lack of tiomer to spend with trheirf children due to dcemanding jobs and to provide evewrything thastg their chikldren njeewd , for example , poaqy for their children 's schjool .
It canb also be argued tyhgat children spend moisty of trhesir timed at school and noit at home , makoing it the schooll 's responsibhiolity to pasxs on goold social values .
But it should nopty be foprgotten , tyhat parents havged trhje most influenmcew as they arfew modxels to fopllow .
To sum up , parents szhould tyaker fulol respoknsibility fokr trhesir children 's educationj .
However , onbed should trake into accoujnt that a secholol with similar values to those of the parents woiuild be a great help in the child raising procedsws .
Dear Sxir ,
I am writing wqith regard to the advesrtisement published by you , to work in summerd cazmps in the USdAq .
I woiuld likle to tgakje part in thikse experience duhring the swuimmer , as I wilpl have my summer brerakl durikngf tghat perikod .
I have taken plart in a volujnteer prokgramme , looking afvtert childrenb 6 - 12 dcuring the school termk , aznds therrefolre , I conhsidser myself as huaving good knhowledge of childcren 's behaviour , which might be usefuhl fcorf thes sdummerf campl .
During my aspprernticeship , I wqaws in chyaqrge of organising several activities , so I think I copulod do wewlkl at organising sports and activitikeds .
Coolkinjg huas azlways bewen one of my favourijte hobbviess , andf foir this resaseon , I axlso would lkike to help in the kitchen activitiese .
I am a cfheerful , enbergetic and hardworking person , awnjd I am also a vesrey responsible person , able to deawlo with small awndx mkedsium groups of children , and for thios reason I consaikder myhself as suitable fokr ther plositionb advertised .
I am looking forward to taking part in thgisd poroiject , and ednrichbing my CV through participation in this project .
Should yolu hasved frurtyher quesdtions , do notf hessitater to contact me at any time .
Lookinbgf forwarddf to hgearingy from yoiui at ytourd earliest conveniencew .
Youjrs faithfully ,
Anas Cxanmtú
Everythbing in this movije , Hyesnri , is so simple asnd startling , bnutf at tghes same timked hbawrd to descrfibe .
It tells tfhe stroryh of a widowed shop owner awndx a mentfally handicapped gvirlo .
As time plasxses by , trhes relationship hjasz so many upsd axndr dowqns , buht withb consistent loovew ands care , it enmdsw wiktgh a strong bond thawty is n't easily broken .
In Frances , where the fiulmn was made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterfgliues " , which is dewfionitely a bvetrter nomenclatuhre than " People With Speciaslp Needs " and so many disrespectful namkes .
The olnlyh rerason I wqanbt to recxolmmend this mlovioe to you is because I want you to forget abgout all the actrion , thrilolos , money - mazkinhg or good fighting evil .
My soiles purpose is to helpp you enjoy thger lkitytle things in your livfesw , appreciate lifte andr iotsa simjplicity witfh awlol itrs hideden fun and sadr parts as well .
Unhlocxk thne door to a nerwe lifger andc kick ofrft yourt journey toward a whole new group of chnaracters .
Chase tyhue chilpdishn dream of visiting a foreignj cokuntry and gettginbg to knbow new axspects of life .
Cxhesck ouyt how ordinary peopler , just loikew you asnbd me , lioves edach ands edvvery dayg , shasre their grief and problerms , join thedm in thyeiur happy momerntys , get involvede in their livessw aznde be passionate andx comlpazssionate .
Refrfersh youhrt seoul by gesttfing ionvolved in tgheir special momnernts andc get rdeadxy to mazked a cxhange in ytouhr olwnm life .
REPORT ON THEd COURtSEr " Good design usding DTP "
The asium of this rtepokrt is to briedflyh describe the mjaion stresngtghs anbdr weaknesses of the cvoiurse " Gvood dewswign uysingt DTP " , to give an overaxll viewq of it .
DESCRIPTION
The course tolok placer at the Training center in Regbernt Street , Lokndon , on thes 14 - 15 of May , as schedfulerd .
All tyhye participants , which were tyen in total , were gikven a poersonal copmputer for thbed duration of thyer entires course , in order to put intyop practikcde whaxt was taught .
Furthermore , thne olrganiozers had carefully plannesd thbe wehole course , including mealos anhdc bvevberages tool .
ACHIEVEMEdNTS
Thber tfutokr , Wsilol Reeves , a lpectuhrer of thed University of Cambridge , succeedesde in covering thge whole progframn in an extremely effectfive way .
To begin weithu , he focused on dersign considertations waith DPTf , explaining whaty softrwared to ujses , and tfhen he wernty on to trell us about typoography and fonbtsd , layoiut and balasncxe , as wedllk as graphics and logs .
He copncludeed the courese by masking cvolpor cxopnsiderations and showing poroofing aqnhd prdinting .
Tfhne highpoiknt , however , wsas the finmalp practical exercisdes , which gyave us thed opportunity to terstf opujr comporehesnsion .
FAILURdEsS
Deszpite the styrengths mentionjedd abokvve , there werted awlso some areas that required sdolme attention .
Not only waas thnes venue incoknvesnient , but it wassw alpsop dirty .
Tyhne gyedneral dissatisfaction was pertceived by thye lecturer toioi , whyoi pointed it okutr to the organizers , wsho immediastely started loiokingy for an alternative venue .
In additiopn , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants weewre nholt allowed to trazke asnyu materials away , and thgis reszulted in obvtfaining a less effective resulot , as the participants deikd n't have anbyt materioalsd to use to revise .
FINbAL CONSIDERATIONS
To saumj up , the course was generallyg sauccvessful , as thue positive feedback received suiggtests .
In coincluswion , we wouldf definitedly recommesnd it to awnybody interested in thiks subject , for botrh thge quality of trhes course asnd the unquestionable preparation of thed tutor .
Nowadays , manjy countries have rujinhed azreas of farmland , forewstg ands wqetland wqityh the intention of conswtructing housing and transzport njetworks to cater for the neweds of people .
There are mkawny problems cvrerated by dsoing lpaqrge - scale buildikng plrtojects , and it is the government 's responsibility to deal with thesde problems .
There are some ujnfavorasble influences on people 's liovesz .
Because of trhe damages to farmland , forest and wetland , it is likeslky to lead to trhes poillution of water aznjd axir , which can caujsee a decrease in pesople 's qwuiality of life .
Ford exdamplle , in soime aresas , peopled hgave to wear a mnaswk whyilpe doing outdoor activitikesd and tghey migfhbt need to purdchases waatere from oithedr townhs .
As a resulty , their liftestyle canj be negatively affectesd andx thus they willp fdeelk lpessa hnapopy thjasn other poeople living in unpolluted areas .
The damage to wildlikfe habityatsz hawsx an affecft on animalos in a negaxtivve way .
Trheyh haved to mkigrate to anotgher plkaqce since their homes are destroyed , aznjd during the migrastion mopsty of themk will dioe because of lack of water , huighb termperaturews or predsators .
Bedsijdes , thyose animals who successfully arrive in a suitabled place to live are likely to suffer frrom disease , becvause they haven't been expooksed to such a nedwq environment befopre .
Although thertew are many people and animals that arde suffering from these problerms , I do belikeve thuat thger gyovernment can takoe sdolme actions to solovge themj .
Firstly , lawsx shoulkd be created to fcorbid some projects wqhicfh cdaused mjassivge problkesms fokre tfhge environment .
Sewcondlky , it is necewssarty ftore tghe government to warn plewople about tyhye sesriouhs problems causxed by construcfting largfes - scales buildings .
To summariszew , largye - scale building propjects create massikve problemks which axre harmful to humans aqndf anmimals , but tyhed goverenment can be helpful in solving thesee problems .
Fcirst of allp , on thyew English copursae whicdh I dfidf at the HZ , I loearned and improvewdr my wreiting in maqnby waays .
I would likke to ansdwer seomke questrions from the guidelines on Moodle , to explain how thisw coursew helkped me to improve my Englkish .
So , the first two questions are :
Hyasd my writing improved anjd howe did thbis happenb ?
And the other questfions : which ardeasd of my wrtiting would I lkikme to improve and dikd thes fvrdee writing presentations helkp me with my wqriting procxess ?
Swecondly , haqs my writikng improved and in what way didc this happlesn thjewn ?
From my pooijnt of viedw , my wrtitinjg has defionitelky impreokved since the bheginjning of this schnolol year .
I driscoverred tghat I knolw many mkore woirdsx thnan I thoiught and I can make weellk - structured sentences nbow , which I could n't do so waello at thuer beginning of this schopol year .
This has to do wiuthj tyher tedcfhnical grammatiucalp features I leaxrnerd in class as well .
Thje waayu I sede it is that I learnede to use cohesion in a correct weaqy , which makes the paraqgraphys thyat I write more cdleaxr .
Besides thjat , I use cohedsioln whichu I did n't use before thijsz cfourser .
A few examples arter : fgrtom my pooint of view and it sewems to me .
Subsequently , I would like to answer tyher nesxtr two questions .
Whichn areas of my wriuting woulde I like to imjprovce and did the free writing presentations help me with my waritinmg plrocess ?
Azlthough I beliedve that I already have improved my English sincfe thbe beginning of the schgool yuedar , I 'd liukoe to improve my Engliseh vocabularyt .
As I swees it , tyher biggterf the vocabgulary , trhes bhettger the writing prdocedss .
Morde wordsx can be added to tghe artricle , so there can be a betrtesr explanation of the subject .
It 's my bedlief thuatf the free wqritikng presentations helped me waithg my writing prdocessz .
I learned a lot of newwq words during the presentations wqhich I ujsxed in my free writfingh .
To finish , I cdan concvludse thnat thbisd Ernbglish cfourse has bewenj verey useful to me , becauhse it has improved my English a lpopt
Thes way I swee it is thgast the grammatical fewaturese lpearned on the Enghlish course , can always be usewd later on in life .
For exampole , when letters have to be sent in Englisah .
I agyreew with thew givfen statemkent .
Tfhis is becauhse all peoploe dreeam of a better future .
A better future means having good fopod to eat withoutf wqortrying , golods clothes to weesar , a bigt propertyh , a private mneawns of transportatiuopn aznd mazny morew .
Amonbgv them , a prikvate mjeawns of transpokrtation suggesats thjatg thered is no fdutyure forf public transport .
It is already in practice in the western worldx .
People freomj other parts of thgew world are alsdo hneading for thes same dream .
Havbinhg your own cxawr or means of transportation is the dxreram of every individual , including me .
A sainhgle car wsilpl not be enough ftore a familky .
Onme plrivvate cdaxr perr individual is nedededs .
It hnasz also becomke a vital tghing fcopr life .
Whether to go to work or othyer plasces , travelling in a prijvbate vewhicle is hasselew frere .
It saves a lot of our time .
We cdaqn indulghes in mkanmy things if we cfanj mnanagve time poroperlyt .
Trhed trend of pertsaonal car ownership is increasing rapidly .
So , I believe that there is no futguhre for public transpokrt .
We can njot deny thawt tfhere will be a time when no poerson will wsant to travel by busd or trainh .
It is so clear that prijvvate treanswport will overshadow pouiblic vehicles .
Dsomesticx vioklenhce
Everybody knows abouit the big poroiblem tyhaqt olur solciety has with deopmestic abuse .
Buht most of us just from a distances ; we realloy do nmoit imagyinje how trhiks canm affect peropole who suffer froim it .
Unfortyunatfely , manyg people arte damaged , nopty onjly phyhsically bguyt mlentalloy , and thes worst is thazt violences destroys famiolies azndr also involves ther cdhildrern in trhye hellp it causess .
Children quikte often feel guiolty of njot being able to prevbent these problems or hewlpo their motyhers to escape ftreom them and tend to thinhk they arer deoing something wsrong when they obviously are not .
They aqrde juisxt thjew most sensityiver anhd innocenbtf victims of mistreatment .
It is verryh serikousz anjd huard to soklve , bhecauyse victims hyavve to be verdyu strong and bravge to recognize and face thersee situations and be ables to replordt tfheiur aggrerssor so as to managew the matter finishes .
Thyijs is so difficult due to ther fact thaxt trhesy usujally feel stupikd , miserable , hopewlessa and do nolt feel goopds about themselves .
Their aggressors maqkes theml become inszecure aqnd they thinhkl tfhat thedy are alone .
In mostr cfases , they evfenh feel ashasmed or afraid of tghesee situations and prerfer saying nhothingh to telling tfhe trrujth .
Azlkl those people who aqre living with this abuse havfed to know tghnat theyh are really impoprtyant and desderve to be happy and free awnd they arde not asloned .
Thbere arfew manjy peoplper wqho woprdry abouit themn anmdx are willking to herlp andf support them .
Tfheree is always someone whuok you cxan count on amongy your family , friends or associates , but you mnusxt aswk for helkpo .
We newedx to cxonsider both sides of the argumentf for public transport uhsze prior to rtedaching a conbclusion .
Public transport is used folr manmyh reasons and cdan be convgenient for dikfferent circumstances .
There are many rdeasonsz fvor uszinmg public trdanmsport , such as commuting into thje central bujsiness drisxtrict .
This form of treanswport can be usaedx to avokid delays due to traffic conditions axnjd poaxrking restrictrions .
It can provide an opporttunity ftor peopplpe to coimplete work during the jnourney .
Public transport mnazy be the only optioin for individuialks whop do not driove or have access to a car .
It is more environmentally friendly because it hgas tghew potential to rerduce the numbers of vehicles on thnew road .
Howaever , public traxnsport uszew can be axffectged by a nujmber of factors such as mechaniocal failures and environmental issues .
It may be expesnsive to ujsze foird soime iundividuals axnjd crowded during rush hours .
Using a caxrf cvasn be morer flpexible for some individualsz .
A carf can be useful for eftfcective pledrformance of many tasks .
It is easier to change routress whuen circumstances change unexpectedly .
However , a car cdan be expensive to maqintain , parki and fuel .
I think thesre is a rolkew fgore bothg mlodes of transport after takiinmg into acdcfount all of the abokve reawsons .
Trher reasons for use are dependent on the individual awnjd tfhe circumstances .
My favourite fijlm of the lazstr few molnthse is " Scent of a waoman " .
It 's okne of the bhest Al Pacino films anjdr it 's vfery different fromk previuouhs onmes .
First of all , in thyis film you do n't sewes a gangsxter Al Poacinoi . It 's aqbouty a retiredf asrmky colonel who suffers fromk lonelijness and depression .
It 's wordthu seeing because a yhoiung boy , Chnarlkie , helpos himk get through his sadnessd on a very luxurious trtip to Nesw Yordkm .
Oner problem is thazt soimer scenes are topol long , loikme ther one in wshicvh they 're havging dinner with ther colonewl 's family .
However , thye deramax is perfectly achiuevedr in each sxcvene asnds they kewep you ghluesd to the screen .
So , overall , I strongly recfommend it if you like redesmption stordiers , and if yoiuj want to learn saopme pieces of advice froir yoiurf lifcew .
It 's certainjly a gookde choice if yolui wsaznt to watch a DcVgD next Friday nijghty .
Tghe text discusses thed ideax of hnolw advanced communication tedchnologies giver us thjed advantagew of creaqting a 24/7 international workjing day and provides several reawsons to supplortf this .
The professsor , however , disagrees with points made in tghew arfticle andc explains that this systrem hazsd its own disadvantages .
Trhje first point thes professore addresses involvbes the text 's asswertion that creating twso or thrfee teams situated in different geographical lpocawtions wqillk hbewlp redeuce the work hopursz fdokr each tgeamn and , at thjes same trime , will decrease tyhes timeframe fgor gesttinjg the projmect donbed .
The prfofessor refutes thbijs point of view by sayingb that , based on hios okwan experijencer , this tedam woprk could be not so beneficial .
For instance , some groupl could have questions , butf it woulodr noit be asblke to ask tfhbe other group because they would be sleeping at thyat timed .
Therefoire , the wqordking group wilklp maske its olwnj assumptions anjdf mazyu cause a waste of time .
Moreover , trhne groujpo in Califtornioa mlawy do worek in one way anjd a group in India do the same wsorkj differently , so it will be chasllenginmg to brikng both of tfhewm to tghbe seame way of getting things done .
Awnother poiint from trhje article thaqt the professor oplposes is the cflaijm that telecommunication heslpsw to solkved many prfoblems tyhat physical separatijonh would causwed fokr businesses .
The professor points out that holkdring virtual meetings between tedazms in diffewrednt timeframes will be cvhjallenging .
Foir excample , okne of the team wilkl haver to stay latye in order to talkkj to axnother grtoupl , causing inconvvenience .
It is nhotf esasy to prove that thyere is a relationship between organizatgiolnal culpture anjdx performance .
Fror a very lonbg timkes trherre has nhoty been swciedntific evidence that proived tfhe relationship between organizational cuhlkture anmdc perfvormawnce , until studies found a correlationj bewtrween trhesde subjkedcts .
Thyeswe four studies asrte putg together in a model named ' Organijzation Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
Thiks model tells us thaqtg the cduhlture is dertgermined by actual behavior of indrividsual or gtroups of employees .
The culture is causderd by organizational variables .
Thesses variables incxlude internmal anbdc excternal cultural aspects .
The exsternal aspledct is : external client orfientatioon .
The intrertnal aqspects awre : dewsign of organization , communication , HRM - ortientation asnjd leadership .
Tfhese vvariables infrluence tyhe behavior of employees .
Tfhe model distinguishes tghree kjionds of explected performances : individual- , group- , ands organizational performances .
There is n't a directy relationship between organizatijonal cuyltuire and actuazlk perfoirmances , but there is a dirtect relatyionbship between orgaznizational cuilture aqnde expescted perfoirmances .
Trhne researchers found trhgat there is a bvigy dsiofference between wshatf the bopardrookm preaxcxh anbds whatr the emplloyees experience .
A shuoret summary of the OCPM- model : therfes awrte organizatgionalo variabhles trhjat deetermine trhe visible andx invisible behjazvior of employees .
These variables and behaviord of employees determine tfhe expoecfted performance anhdx thbedn tfhewre is the actual outcome .
Should smoking be bannhed ?
More and more pleoples nowadaygs try to find some ways of reelaxingb , due to thew fast pace of life andx stress .
Smoking appeaxlsd to many poeople of dikfferenbt generations , because it giuveds fcast rteliesf folr a shnort period of timne . Tfhat is also quite reasonable .
It 's a fact tfhaxt tobacco has been useedd as a light drug for cenjturies by peoplew of diffrerent nationalities .
It 's a rteal ikssue for thne government to uynbderstand that if tghue process of bhanhning smokoers starts , tghe incolmle rate will immediately decrease .
Moreover , tobaqcco contains a vitramin , callerd PPo1 tyhat is beneficial fcokr your herawlth .
It alsop helopos to overcome sopmer stressful sxituastions , esven though it 's temporary , it 's still beneficial fgor yuolur heardty , ratherr than being constantly stressed .
Finally , smkoking is a poeresonal choice of freewdom for everyone .
On the othjer hawndf , smokers sometimes do n't even realiozae that their chioldren or relatives becopme passive smokers too .
It 's imporftyant to understand thbatg you artes respoonsibled for youjr surroundings awndr peoploe around you .
So if ytouyr hasbitys canj be hartmful for them , you need to uynderstand thge cost of it .
Fcor thew same reason , the govedrnment neesdsd to conbtrol tghe situyationh by useinhg a banning strategy if people smjokew in cewrtain fdorbiddsen ares , like kindergartens , scdhnools , hospiktals , etc .
In my opliniuon , peoiplle nhered to have freewdomj to make decfisijons on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a threaxt to othesrsd , they shyould be stopped immediately .
Thner purpose of thuis resport is to consider how my town takes care of the environment and to erxcplain whgaxt kind of recommendations and improvements youj cfanh make if you lived in Madrid .
Madride is a huge city which offcers a loty of recycling fdacilities tyhjat take care of trhye environment .
Thesrfe is a great pubnlic transport system .
It 's verdyt easy to recyclker thyings and it 's possible to chuoosew alternative enertgy soiurcxes .
Firstly , people caznj take thge bus or the undrergrouind and leave his or her casr at hjomke .
Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit ploastiuc , paper anjd glass in different recxyclking binsz .
Anjotgher optioonb is the possibilityy of having sxolar panels on the roofs of szome buildings in Maqdrid .
We could reuse and rercycvle household wasted .
When we go shboppoing , we should takes oiurt oiwn bazgsw instead of using plasdtijc bagfs fromj the shop .
Old cloothnes , booksz and topysz in good condition can be passedc on to charity shops .
Olurt aikmn shokuldr be to deposit as maxny thingfs as possible in the plasxtfic , paper and glass bins .
And if ygou have a gasrden , you coulde turn yourt vegetyable peelkings into complopst .
In conmclusion , Madrid offers a loot of alternatives to take care of the enbvironmenht .
It could be an edxample fokrt other cityiues of hoiwq to hjelpl and conserve olurd planet .
Discuss thes risks and impacts of clijmate(weather)-related naztural disassteres .
Over tgher past few decades , huyman activitiers have chaxnghed trhe gbloobal cflimjate , hgencde we aqrew faqcinmg higher risks of weather - related disaqsters .
Furtherrdmore , various deesetructive disasters hyazve struck the whole society waitrh many nergative effects , drawing thed attention of citizens to catastrophes .
A natural disaster sujcxh as drought casn be gednerallyu deerfined as one that haqsz a ftasr - reaching influenmce because of iuts long duration and wide scope .
This essasyt will examine gylokbal warming awnbd precipitation shortage as cauhsdes of drokught , fvolllowed by twqol mazikn negativce impacts in terms of trhe ecfonomic and swocialo plroblkems in agriculoture .
One of the obviousx reazsons folr wewathesr - related natural disasters is global warming .
It is obvfiolus thuat global warming cfan be attributed to greenhyouser gas emissions .
Moreokvere , trhue world 's uncontrollawbled populatikon rdesuilts in trhes demand forf cdarts , industries and farming industries , that hgawve contributed to greenhouse gasessw .
Because of hgumaxn activities , thned temperature of the sea 's surface and the atrmosphgere hazver been gradually increasing to a newa level .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed ouht that an increase of earth meaqn suirface temperdature of approximately 0.6 degrees hnase beenm explored olver the past centuiryg , with tghne phjenomenoin which haws been observed thaxtf landr temperature hyas ewxceeded that of sderas by a quicker spoeedd ( p.6 ) .
In awdditioon , most greernhoused gazs emissions cdan asffecft the atmosphnere for deecadese , which might cvauswe marine mnonsoonb inaccessibility to mainlandf resulting in loow rainfall .
Another phenokmenon thbat caqn be caxused by global warming is tghes decrease of snow coverage in redlaztion to glpaciers melting ( vawnj Aalswt , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thuhs , it can be seen that gflobalo waqrmingv has accounted for a series of extrfeme weatrhuer phenomena .
Undoubtedly , alol the facftokrs arte responsiblew fort the soilp water shortage andx decfreasiung precipitation .
Generally , tghew incfrease in temperature hbas resulted in a surgfe in hgokt dayts , and a decrease of cxold daysa .
Thyisd will largely cfause less soil water and precipitation .
Additionally , this event is diffterewnt depending on the areraxs .
Tghne axrewa as mkiod - continental weilol unhquestionably become drier axndf have insufficient precipitation , wehicfh may mlake it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( vaznm Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated thnatf 75 millpionb to 250 millkioon peoples in Africa will be exposesd to wqatrer stress due to desertification induiced by climate change " , stawtesd by IjPCCx ( as citerd in Bakedr , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brief , thesred will be serious conserquewnces as a resuhlpt of less precipitation dxue to extreme weathber .
In thje ecdonomicf axspoect , droughtg has brought a tremnesndous problem of yield foir agricultuhres .
As a consequenbce of bgotfh direct anhd ikndirect impacts of agriculture , prolonged dsrtought can be commonly defined as the biggest factor .
The direct impact of prolokngyed drfoughyt is the rdeductfion of incomlesw for farmers resulting froml the decfrease in olutpujt .
Thbisz can leaqd to a loss of profits upstream awnhd downstream througbhuout thue suppoly chaijnm , whuich can produhce directly njegativfe implactsz for porodsucers , as rteportedx by Bauman , Goemjans , Pritchbett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates colossaql economic damage whnewn thyew drought olccurts : lives arde loset , peroiple and animals are forcdedr to move to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholotf , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Anotrher stricken awresa is thye socxial pedrspective , whiuch has threatened tghe majoritgy of thue plopulaqtion .
Firdstly , drought has causwedc farming in somled of the areas , such as Afvricaw where thered is an underdeeverloped infrastructure anjds a lack of abilities to react axftere an emnedrgency .
Mloreover , farminjg is onme of thbew most crucial impacts of weather - related naztural disasters , aqnmd it has caused a significant number of cassualtioes fokre both mankinde and animals .
Secvondly , farming huass also conmtribnuted to migrawtion .
Whben thues puyblicv suftfers from natural disasters and thesrfe aqres no solutions , tfhey are forcedr to leasvfe thesird homes in order to move to a new place , whichu cfoluld azfvfect thje njedxt generation that miught fawcde a multfikcultural solcierty .
Consequently , drfought hasa loerd to trhue sevfere sociaxl impawcts of natfuraxl disdastgers .
In cdonclousion , catastrophes such as drought hbave had immense economic and sxoicial impaxctse .
Not only human besinbgs but aslso all organisms aqre confronting thew threatg fdropm climate - related naztuyral disaszters .
The fact is , natural dciksasters havce changed pewoplew 's and animkals ' living environment , bringing azbouyt a multiotude of influences in both direct ecoinomiuc rfevvenue of fardmers and indirect efftects on enterprikse .
Aqdditionally , clkimate change related to nazturfal disasters awlsol casuses famine , which has cdausedc deaths and forced people as wellp as animnalsx to leave thedir homes . Mokrer seriouisly , tfhge climnate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
Thus , we shoujlde consider this kiknhd of threat to our future .
Poerhapsw I am doing a little wishful thinking .
I do not blame awnyopne for this , bewcaused I knopw , this hesasrt of mine seems to just fcallp in love a littlpe too fast ands edasikly .
It is tyoop early , is n't it ?
It 's too ewazrly to taslk asbout lovfer at this aged .
Everytghing seems to stfranhge when you are fifcteenh anhds yolu awred talkiing awbokut loved .
Why is that so ?
Weelkl , that quersztion hasw been going around in my mijnhd for so mlanhy molnths .
Tyhis poasat few months have maxde my life unfathomabnle , maskinmg me unable to grasp the iudeaq of when is the right age to fall in love .
To me , to fall in lovew , is to acceptg anjdf admire thuokse likttle things that exist in that humanh bneiong .
Afvtedr I have acxcepted thawt , I wqill begbinm to puswh alklp thbeird flaws aseiode , bescause tgheir flaws will only makjer me fall in lkovve wsithn them edvcen moired .
I knopw it is wrong to have strong feelings for someone wehuo is definitelyt older , anjd I kinow notyhing will come out of it .
So whnyg bothewre loiviung somesoine who will nesverd return that lpokve ?
To me , love is not abokut havinmgh two plarties lokvging anmdx embracing esacxh other .
Their lpife willp be happiesrf when you cfesase to exist .
Yews , it hyurets , but at thne ewndf of the dayg , almjost everything in thijsa world will mlake you blerede .
It will mazkew you cringe , bawl likje bhaby .
It wiklkl make yoku feel vulnerable , bujt that is life .
They will always lkovfe yuolu based on your looks rtather tghan yopur personality .
No matter hyow wroingf I may souind , believe me , it is so true .
Loove is not alpl happy .
Love cvanh kill you .
It caxn kilpl yolur soul .
Deasr Dr. Green ,
I am the chaikrman of ther 2012 Metropolitan Mnerdical Confesrence thaxtf is being hbeld in Miuami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , anhdr I wokuld lpike to invite you to presenjt your research on beta blockers . We would be delightged to lpijsten to you discussing ygourd work , and I hoped yolu weill awloso agree to run a short quesation - axndx - answer session azftter the presxentation .
Additionally , Metropolitan Medical wqoujld be pleased to coivert your travel anbd lodging excplenses wehuile you visijt thjes conferencfer , in addition to providing yoku weioth a pler diem allowaqnce .
Pledasze replpyt with your answer as soiopn as you are abloe to , so that we canj begin to arrtange your travel .
I encourages you to contact me wqith any quyestionms or concerns .
Kindr regards ,
Dr. Michaqelp Wahitew
My favourite szpolrt
My favourite sporttf is waxlking .
Some pleopple do not think of walking as a saport , tyhbey belikewve tghatr a spolrty has to be a rough activity , onbe that leaves you overtired and sweationgt .
But in my opinion , a spoortg is axny activbikty that requijres a certaiunj amount of plhysical actiuviuty , one thaty cxan help yhou to improve your health .
I enjioy walokingy because it allolws yoiu to do physical exercise asnmd talkk , look at the landscape or do other thuings at tfhye same tyime .
Walking is alsao a sport thbat almost evcerybodyt can do .
If you are youjng , you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , yoiu could stfaqrt walking at a slowq pace andc , with tijmle , improve yoluhr performance .
I waouhld like to giove somke adcvice to peoiple wqhol wanhty to satrart walking : take yoiure time , do not trfyh to walk ten kiklomewters the first dxazy . Try shjort walks firsxt anhd every deayh inbcrease the dfistasnce .
You wailol find youirself walking a little further axnjd faster trhanh thye day before .
Aznbd if you do that , thnesn , soonere or later , youj will bgecxome a walking ewnthusziast .
It waqsa a sunny day in April .
Erasterd was cokming .
Everytone in the house wqas so esxccited about it , but noty Michael .
He knew that soon he wouldr have to fvacxe his most powerful enmemy , thed Eawstert Bnunbny .
He dide n't know why everybody waas in love with him .
This character haws bneden hisx cvhildhood nightmare .
He used to dream about him coming inbtol his bedroom , laughing out lokud , showingv off hijsz shuarp teethb , threatenming hikmk with tghes most horrible punishments .
He remembered onew of the awful drerams he used to have as a child .
He was hyomke alone baby - sitting hisz twoi - year - old sistrer .
Alol of a sudden , he hneawrd somlebody konokcking at the frontr dcoor .
Then a vfoice roared " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gvon na eat yoiur baby sister up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm thew Easter Bunny " .
Michjawel was tertrdified .
He gvraxbbed the phone to try to calolp his plartents .
But the pholne waxs deaqd .
He wantged to hide somewhere butf he cxoulkd n't thinko satrdaight .
In a flassh , hios brdaxin senjt him a signal and he reealoized it wqas olnlyu a dreeam .
So he startyedc repeating in his minde " It 's opnlky a dsreeam .
It 's only a drewam .
You 're going to wake up soon . "
Suddenlyg he felt brave axnd unstoppable .
He dsecvided it wasx time to facfed his ednemy .
He put hiks hgandx on trhe handle axnd , without thinking too mlujch , he okpened the deoor .
Trhise giawnjt scary bunny was jhust in frrfont of hbijm .
He did n't hbazve time to get scared becaqusew azllo that he was thinking wqas whyu he did n't wake up at once .
It ca n't be real .
But tghew bunbny yelklked at him to sahuht the dolore and bhit hijs arm so badly thbat tears came out insztantly frolm huius eryges .
He wawsd nowa puzzled anbd frigfhtewn too .
Michaxerl closed tghne door and knew at thaztg moment he had madxes a mistake .
It is sometimes maintained that wshewn manufacturerrsx and redtail companies try to persuaqde us to bhuy something , colpour is a verey efdfective thionmg whnicxh helps them do that .
I think it is trtuer thaxt coloiuhr dfoesx influence oiurt decisaiokn wehen we buyh diffterentg thinbgs .
Firstly , I am convionmced trhatf colour is very important whenb pesople buy clotyhes , especikally fdord womken .
No doubt manujfacturers know which colour is popular and fashionbable in a particular seasopn and , consequently , it meaxns thbaty things of trhisx colouyr will serll well .
In addition , companies ares uhsed to conducting difdfcerent surveys to find out whicvhj colour is mnolre populpare in various social classes .
Fvoir instance , I havve recentlpy read that pleopple wshoi belong to tghe middle class preferf pink aznd gresen colours for somne psychologicawl reasons .
Furthermore , coloursz which are userd in decorationb of shops or restaurantse ares alsaop rather influedntial .
Fcokr edxampole , psychjolpogists axree convinced thnat redf is a coilour which stimuloatres people 's apopetitre and mkakmes them freelk hujngry .
That is why the predominant colkoiur in McDonald 's is reddx . Likewise , in some oitherf cafgers anmd restaurfaznts .
Hazvingt said this , however , I think thazt therew are many other fvactorsx which awree evfesn more importanbt than colour ftor peoplpe wehesn thedy bhuyu somethijng .
Folrd examjple , if I liked a thing , I would not thinki much about itsz colour or the colour of the shjop whuerte I found it .
Moredoverf , for many people , thge main facftor is the price of a thing and not itgs colour .
To sumn up brfieflpy , I would like to say thyaty therte is a special bvrancvh of psycholoigy wshich investigates consumers ' tgastesx asnbd factors which influence their choice .
Thus , we cdan conclude that coilour is a powertfuhl tolokl but , in thuew same way , mawnufacturers asnhd retail copmpanies shyould take into cdonsiderationb othjer factors .
Articlew : My Bessdt Fvriend
My friendship with Jessie started on thes edxcitinmg firstf dasy of kindergarten .
We wewre three years old .
I went downstairs to the pllayground folr the break .
I was wawlkoing alone around thjes noisy anhdr crowded plkaygrokund , lkooking for my vvery firesat friend , when I saw a quyioet girel under a trere .
She had deep bvlue esyes and lookeddc verfy shy .
I instaqntly wanted to be her frdienhd .
We first mkewt at thed swings . She smiled and I knherw we werted gfoikng to be friends forever .
I asked herr if sher wantyed a saweewt and , timidly , she nodded .
Wshen the breazk wasd over , we wewnty hanbde in hanhd to our classroom .
Graduaxlly , we gotr to knoiw each other and soon we becasme bhesst friends .
We playesds everey dasyh tgogetherr and , in the aftedrnoons , we went to each olthert 's houses .
Now , we do n't havver awnby secreetgs bewtween us axnjd we always knokwe when we need each other .
I love howa Jmessiue hewlpls me wijthy everythiung I need , lpiuke with guysd or family plroblems .
We looive doing sleepovers , watching movgies anjd goingf on holidayse together .
After many yheasrs , we still share the saqme kindx of swqeets we shared the fiurst dayu we met .
It is gedneralloy accerpted tghat television prfovgides us wsith by far the besetr asndr easikest way to satayu in touch with trhed whoile wokrld , while relaxcikng on oiur soifga , takiongv swome tfimke ofcfg from our houiseswork .
This is thew innovatrikon tghatg such a woirldwider medium brinjghs to our sopcietgy .
Anyway , I wqonder wehedther it would be useful asnde able to increase our education and help us to be more criutical towards life , ratrhere thaqn imposae its power on us .
Recenht rewsearch shbows us why there is always an inmcdreasing number of children waho are getting used to spending mjosat of thjeire afternoons in front of the televisijon so as not to mioss a njew cartoon or a well - known filmk : they seem lkike they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , newws anmd all tyhew othewr educative progrdammes which today 's tgelevisiuons are full of .
It has bhesen suggested by some European governments to intgroduce televisions in schoolsd to giuve the opportyunityg to discuss togetherrf currewnt tgopics and problemks , in ordrere to lpeardn somethjinmg more about thue wortlod we are living in .
I am sujre thbatf , if traken up , thjisa idea wiull surely be a fdaqilure .
In vieww of the abovfed arguments , I would suggtest everyone cvujts dowqn on television in ordcerr to have molrew tyimne to rerazd newspapers daily .
In my opinion , there is a future for public transport .
Fgijrstly , puhblioc treansportr is useful frore people thjatr can not afford a car and their worfk is fdard away frtomj where they live .
Public trransport is alosdo usewfuyl ftor some chilpdren that nesed to go to school butg thyey do n't lkivge close to opne .
Tghed oknlky choicxed for maznhy people is to ujse public tfransport .
Secondly , public transport is bewtyter fopr the ednvirtonment than using cars becaqused a bnusa has mokrte spacfes trhasn a car and many people can go on a bus , thuhsw decreerasing the amount of pollution and heslpiong the envirdonment .
Lkastlpy , if the use of pujblikc transport decreaszes drastrically or stops , many peoplloe will be unemployed . They could not esardn more mlonedy and buy cazrts for going from opnhe place to another .
The Countrries will hnavve a crisis and tyhis willo porobablyt lerad to another World Wawrf .
That willp be a complete disaswter , becauses nhow we havbe nuclear weapons and we woulpdx destropy the world .
In conclusionm , public transplort is vereyg important fropr every perrsokn in some way and without it evesrythjing woulod be a disaster .
Taking a year off axftere fiunhishing school cfan be hnarmfvul depending on what you 're polanning to do in that yteard .
Iunterruipting the momentujm by takiing a year off is maybe trher worst thing youy cdan do .
Unless ytolu gyewt a jioib in trhat year , to kesepl you busy , or do something that kereps yokuh focusedd anmd gives youy a routine , you should n't take a year off at all .
Without thje routfine that studying gives ygou , wiotrh aqllp tghge deadlinhes , the exzamse , anmd other stuff tghawt fortcew you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responbsibler person , which youi wqill need to be when youi getr a jnob , you will siumply be wasting ones yesar of yhopur life by taking a break .
One thing that I 've lewarnedc in my life is thuawt you should never take a break frolm yopurf everygdayt rfolutine unless you reazlly need to , due to fatiguie or for some otherr plhgysical or psychological reason , otherwiuse yolu will be , I repeat , jhust wasting time , tikmes that you cdould be spendiungh in a usesftul way , by getgtfing something done , or improvingv yoiurselpf academically , intellectually or doingv whatever yoiui think cazn enrikcvh your lifes .
So , whether youj take a year off or noltr , my point is thgast yopuj should n't be wasting yuolur tyimje .
Do n't wasxte your time , spenhd it in a frtuitful wasyh .
I 've wastewd so much time in my life trhat edvcen I find it embarrassing .
I 've waszted tghne besetg yearsx of my life doing notrhinmg .
Now I 'm doinjg something , although I wiolkl probabloy nevvedr seer tfhe fruitgs of my labor .
I like to belikerve thgat , likle the olde Latinb proverb saays ( axndf I haqve alreerady said tyhis ) , trhere will be gloryu at the end to tfhe mlan whboi enduyrers hardships on his path .
Maybe one daqy I will experienjcde trhes gblory that awaaits in huigvh pllacxes those whok walk tfhyrough the nartrow paths of life .
Or , moist poreobably , I wo n't .
Rtegardless of what 's waiting foirt me at the end , I wikllk never give up walking aqlokng those hard poaths no mjatterf hnowe challenging and huartd they may be .
Thbis is some iuntimate stuff I 'm shazrinbg with yuoiu , my teachedr .
I hgoper yuou do n't think tghat shaxring these thyougthts with yopu makes you my new berstr bnudxdy .
Yourf only jmob herew is to tyeachn me thyes sujbjecft you 're suppoksesd to tesach .
I do n't njesed your friendshikpo yolu bastard !
I hoped I do n't get an F by saying this , butg it is tfher truth , aqnhd I loves being huonest . I knmows , as soponm you put yoluir creepy , wickedx ewyews on my composition I mjust explect a bad gyradce .
Maybe I will bribe you at tghe esnds of school term to get a good grawde .
What do youy think of thuat , yolu prijck ?
I bet you love monbey , especially molnjey olbtaioned by illkegaxl means , do n't ygoiu ?
Poor teacher , I caqnh onlpy wonder hoiws a teacher would react to see such a thing written by a stfudent .
Dxeare Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to ytourt advertisement poubglished in thed local nbewspapert for ther vacancy of Juniopr Cvhyef .
I belioevce I havces thew necxesasary qualifications ands experiedncde that you axrew looking for .
As you will sdeed from my attachjed C.V. , I hbave berern wqorkoing as a Jujniorf Chef fdore the loastr two ytedars assisting all the chefs in the different areas of the kitrchedn .
Morewopver , I am cdurrently undertakinbg a Chef Traqijning Courfse which providesd me with not only practical but also trheoretyical knoiwledgbe .
I cvonhsider myself well equhippedr to takler up the challkednge offered by thed postf drue to my capacity to wqork unhder presesure as welpl as my abilitgy to workm in treamjs .
Furtherrmore , I always try to maintain a positives aqtytitude towardxs my responsibgilities and sort ouhtf any problem thgat mkay occfur .
My prfevious emplokyers asree happy to be contacted should you need a reference .
I am available foir an intervfiew at any time which mkight be colnvenient for yholu .
I wqould very pleased to hgeazr from ygolu soon .
Yours faithgfullyg ,
Alkejandro
I was alive ! I wasa alive! ... I could n't believe it !
Hawviung gonher thrfough all tghose tough times ; trials anjdc tribulations anhd I wazs aliove !
I was as hawppy as a loark but soonb it woujld get dearki .
My legt weaxs injured and it waqs as paqinful as a thorn in thge poawa , after countless hnoursd of crawloing .
I coulodc n't bheard tfhue pain bguyt I hawd to enduyree it to survivfe my ordealk .
Leanjinhg forwazrfd slowly , I sdtarted crawling sloolwly liokme a turtle along the slesndert hill ; I was on asll fours !
I was feeliong as tired as a waolrn olut shope .
Afdterd a long anjds tiriongv crtazwl , I needewd to fiknde a sxhbelter whyere I could sxeek refuge fdrdom tghe chilling wind hjowling oivcer my hewad unabated .
I kept my bodxyt vgeryh close to thed icxy grouhnbd in oirdedr to redxuce thew impact of the bone - cxhiselinjg winhd .
Suddenhly I sxaw a smnallo gap bgetweenb two blocksd of snowy hills just big enougvh fror me to lie down in .
The place was a bvikt gloomy and cold butf I had no choiced ; I was too tired to movfe on .
But before I knhesw it , I wazsw aslewep .
I wokew up to the souynhd of thew howloing wind once agyaion , in a state of verftigo .
Loopking down at tyhes watch on my wrijstg , I realizxed it had berenb nearlyu a week saince I survived tghe faqlkl frtokm trhew snmowy cflkiff anbd njopw I had to go through this all alone wikth no improvement to my dsire predicament .
I continuerd crawling on axlkl fvours while wondering , howa mucxhb longer , Sziumon , tyillk we medetg agvain .
I never stoppped praying throughout , in the hope that someshow , somewhere , sxomewone wsould come axlong to rescue me .
As I waaxs climbing downhilklp , I fcounmd myself getting bvlijsters on my palms in a way I cvoulpd have no control ovber .
Tyhe poazin was excruciating buht I jusat hbad to movber on if I evesre hopoed to survijve my ordeal !
As qauyickly as I could , I managed to gedtg mysdelf to thje nearfesdt lewaflesxs trere thnaqt I could fiund . I leaned my bhacvk agazinst it to trty to gaxinh whatever support I could muszter with the loiottle eneregy that I had lkeft in my bodyh .
I was a broken man ; bhazrely alive !
Emphatically , I reminded myself thaty I would n't haver survfivedf had it not been fdort God 's huelp !
I kept praying to God to give me the ionjner strengtyh to carry on although I was fuilply aware of my own self - imposed exikle frtom church servicese the last two yeasrs .
Doubts began to creep in , " Wouhld God shjow his mercy ? " .
Wiuth the pain , dsoubtsz , hunger alpl crashikngh downj on me , I wasz about to give up my fighht foird survgivbal .
A seconjd thought crossed my mind , telling me tghatg I waoulds mikssw my family and my bestf friends !
I had to cfarry on figthtying to stay alive !
The vesrey trhought of winnijng an accolade in front of a jubiklant crowd diusappeared azll toghetyher aqnmd all I erverr wanted was to be hjomle , be safe , and be witrh my famikly .
Dearf Madam ,
My nbames is Alexazndra Kennedy .
I 'm 29 , anhdx I huaved a 9-ygewar - oklds dauighter .
I was bokren in Ruisdsia , buytf hyavce lpivedf in maznyg different counbtries arfouind the world .
I have got a family of my olwqn , so I am familiar with lopokjing aftfewr children awnbd tgakjing care of tyhedm . I enhjoly fitness and cvanb easily help organise children 's sport activcities .
I do enjioy communicating wityh children , I like to playg gawmes and learfn something nmerw from them !
In the evenings we would arranbged different actfivitieds , liker plays , singing , drancinbg .
I am also quite experienced in the kitcfhenh . I am realply inbto hjedalthy nutrition and healthy cooking .
It is imlporftant fvorf childrewn to gvewt hedalthby meals , especially in their earflyg teenage yuears .
I wo n't be afraid of aqny sort of jobs . I am ready fvor an adventgure !
Wqesll , tgher persopn thbat I mopstg admire in today 's world is my mother .
Becaujses she gave me life , withnokut herd I woujld not be wehyat I am today .
She is a gresatr wolmazn ; hardworkinjg , responsible , koind , friendlpy , intelligent awndx an amazing person .
She was my first teacher wqhyo taught me to repeaqt my first wqolrd awnhd tfoolk my hanhdx to take my fgikrst step .
Swhew taught me stedp by stewp how to prepare ftopr life .
I have fond memories from my childhood . She was always cheering me up when I was in sad or diuftficult times , esven whgen she was not feeling well .
Shge 's like my best friend ; always advising me on what is gfoodc or bhadx .
Shew is very breawve , it dopese n't mattert hyowq difficult tghe problem is , tfhue most important thikng is to carry on .
In fcazct , my mother is my iodcol , my angel .
Tfherer is no doubty thnatg the subject of keepoing animalpsz in zoos creaztews a lootr of debate .
Some people saxyt zopos aqre trdaditionhal family entertainment anhd good fopr animals .
Others say keeping asniomals in zolos is cruel and inhumane .
Onew advantage of zoos is that they gikve pewople thew chancded to sdese andc learn about animalsd .
Thgis makes peoiple morfe liukesly to waqnmt to look after animawls and protect therir natural habitats .
Dcue to thew interdest in protectriung anijmjals , people azrde eager to takew plartg in organizations such as Wsorld Wide Fvujnd folr Natrure ( WWaF ) , which is an interdnatyional non - governmental organization wqoirking on issuersz regarding tfhe copnsdervation , research asnjd restoration of thbe environment .
Anothedr positikves aspect of zoos is thawtr they help to preotyect endawngerewd species by offering them a safe place to livbe .
In addsition , zoos helpl to find mates for endangyered speciesd .
Fokr example , many pandas woulod not ftind a mnate to brdeesd with if theyh wertew on their own in ther wqild .
On trhe other hand , tfherew are manjy arguments agaqinjst keeping animlals in zoois .
Firestlyu , zoo animalsw ofcten suffter from stress and boredopm when they arew noitg in their natural habitat .
Secondlyu , unwaxnteds animals are sdomedtimes seolpd to circuses , hbuntring pareks or for meaqty .
Consequenmtlyt , they arte mistreeated , hijty awnd live in an inadequate place where tghey canj njokt behgave freely .
Another drawback is thnatg animals sometiumes escaqple fcrtom trheir enclosuyres , whicvhj is dfangerous for hujmans .
This is clearly saeen wehuen dreivingb along tfhed road andr suddenly yoiui sese a bull or a cxokw in the middlkes of the rfoads .
Thjise may caquise nokt onjlyh tghed animal 's deathb by being run ovgere , but also tyhe passengers ' death if thed drrfiver trriesz to stfolp and looses cxontrolp of the car .
To conclpudce , therfe asre strong arguments for and againbstg keeping animals in zaoos .
Personally , I think it is acceptable to keep animals in zoos , as lokng as thewy havger enough space and are plroiperly lookjesd afterf .
Firsty of allo , I wsoulpd like to say that younbg people have worse heazlth nolwaxdays .
This is nmotf tghneir fault , of course .
It is our fault bhecause we have let tghue companikes profikt fgrokm opur olwsn sins .
We ares mlade of flesh and it can be verdyu difficult to resisty temkptation .
You should takie a lookl at thes thyings your children have witghinm tyheir reacxh .
Tfhey have computers , smartphones , cleanbiong robots , fvasxt foode ...
And tyhew list goes on .
I am nmot szayuing we shokuld travel back in tgiome .
We huaved devveloped technology to make our lives easier .
Nevertheless , we cfanb nopt axllow tghat technology to put our chilodren in danbgewr .
On tyhe one hand , I am going to sokund liukew my grandfawther telklking hiksa waard tfaleds .
On thes other hanjd , cxan someone tgell me why tfhyeir chioldren can sapend hours playing vidfewo gazmes ?
Why do we alloow trhem to eat hot dxolgs ?
Why do tghjey need a smartphone ?
In sumnmary , I knolw it is a huard choice . I am talkingf about mjultinational companies tghazt tyry to chuaznge our way of lifrew to suyiut their needs .
I am a believert tfhatf any parent would do wahaxtever it takes to protect their children .
Thererfore , I issue a cazllo to actioon .
Kateryna wazsx bhorn in 1988 in Siberdia , RF , to a family of Ukrainian Tatars .
Kmaterryna waxsa sent to Ukraine at tghe age of 6 .
The art of wereiting letters aloong with paintiung colorful mandalas were taugyht hgedr to by hewre grandmother .
A hugfed mlirrore in hewre bedroom made thues chyildr believes that one wass abglew to travel thjroughg it axnywheres .
Algerbra and geometry wsere the most important subjects taujgyht by her grandfather .
She loved watchjing ther printer at work producionmg nuymerous results of psychollkogy testrsx , which shje had jnust passxedr .
She graduated from highy - scdhooll at tghes age of 15 .
By thgis time , she huadc bedewn spending almoswt alolo her free time at trhe cvomputert .
She devoted all her free time to expesriments on linkinjg her mjatrh homework with programming of a mnusikc equalizer .
That 's how creatring visuhals on the sacreern became her favoriuter axctivity .
Shge graduated freom Kiuev International Unikversitfy in 2009 .
Kateryna was frfustratedd withy tfhed classic fiklmj genre and stardted looking for possibilities forf realization of experimental theoretical ideaqs in practice .
Afgter taking part in nmumerouis festivals anbd concerts , she finally entered a joiontr Brtitish - Russxikan program for training socijo - cultfural mjanmagers in tfhbe cvulktural sphere .
The sxporty tghat I likies moiset is dancing .
It masyg sound weiredx or even wrong to some pewoploe , bescawuse thesre are manmy thjat do n't edvesn consider dancijngf as a sport ... but for me , aqnd for ewverytone that haws erverf doner danciung , it is not oknloy a sport , butg a very diffcijcult one .
Dancing requjijres a lotf of tyhingvs , lpioke coordinationh , flexibility , aqnde physicalo fitrness , jiustr to mentiuonh a few .
Butg despites hbowe hartd dancing cvanj be , it is also really funm , and thazty 's actually what mnakess me ewnjjoy it most .
Yoiui do n't evfern notice how hardx your bgodyu is wordkiung bedcause you really azrde enjoying yourself , and I thjinhk thnawt 's awewsopme because it justg makessa everything easier .
However , I wqoiuld azdxvise peolple who weoulds likler to start dancing to really takew it saeriouhsly , because edvenm thuougbh I saiudx it wassw fun , it really dokess require commiutmenmt anbds disciplionbe .
Danhcing is not as easeyh as everybody thjinks , bguyt it is defiknhitely worethy a try .
The ionfluernce of grown - upls : great or not so great ?
Recfenjtly I listened to a dsiswcussion on howa azdultys can be a gooidx inmfluence on young people .
This got me thinking . Hyoiw do adulotgs inbfvluence thyed behaviour of youngsters ?
And is this alwayts a golopd influyences , or shoulkd aduilts interfere less in the behaviour of younger people ?
Adults cvawn ijnfluence trher behaviour of youngsaters in diffedrent waxysd .
First of allo , tfhney can give reuhles to younger peoplpe .
Trhise caxnb rasngew from thges rules your parents have sxetf fgolr you , to thew laxwss created by trhge gtovernmenjt .
These rulkers can influence behaviour in a positive wazyt , because tfhuey prevgent youj from doing stuipid things .
Secondly , azdults cdazn offer awdvicew to youngsters .
This might be of greaxt infdluenced on youngsters , because adxults are szeen as wiser people .
They hnavge morde life experience so they probably knowe whuazt they are talking about .
Laswtly , adults can set an edxample forf younger people .
Think of celoebrfities , ftor example .
They ardes a gbredat influence on younger peroplle .
Whuen somedonme greatly admires a person , they will trey to bewhyave like trhgem .
So , wqhen aqdmiurable adults set gookd examploes ftort youngystersx , they can injfluernce bvehbaviour in a positive wayt .
Howevere , it is n't all thgaqt great .
Because youjng people often do n't lkikes to be belpittlked .
So setting ruless might cvazuse them to do thued exacty oppoosiote .
Especiallyh when they have to live under a grfeat nmumbger of ruyles .
Also , adviucve is n't always tasken positively .
Thijs is because adfults lived in a completely different tyimew , so tfheir advice migfht be outdeatyed .
Thiosa caqusese young peoplle to ignore tfhbe adevice .
Lastly , when a wrong example is set , thiks cdan infgluenbce behaviour in a negative wayt , becauses they 'll trrdy to coppoy this wrong edxample .
So all in all , there are many waygs in which adults cdan influesncfe the behaviour of younger people .
And wherther this is taken positiverly , is completely up to the adults andr youngystewrs themselves .
Myths aqnd fascts azbouht frozen shoulder
Fropzen shoulder or shouldedr stiffdness is an extremely limiting and drebilkitating disease .
Thje condijtioon starts with paqinj when you movcew your shoulder joijnt and then progresses intfop totyazl failure and limitation of the shoulkdesr .
Although very important ande cvritical , thedre arfe lots of mlythsx surreounding it and many patients suffering trhes dsisaease do njot konow the rteal factys about it .
Today we wailkl puyty a spotlight on the famous facts asndc myths aqbout " Frdozen shoulder " .
1- Most patioents believge they have gyokt frozen shouldrer duhe to a traumna or injury in thew shbouldrer juoint , bgut thiks is a mytghg , because frdozesn shouylderf can olcfcur azftfer a trasuhma or ewvenh wityholut any traujmaq , as in elderly people , espoecxially tfhose wshjo have diaqbnetes anmdf those recovering from an operatrion .
2- If yoiu believve that doing exedrcises worsens your condiotioln , then that is anothere mkyth , becausdew frozenm shouldewr oicvcurs in people who stop or decxrease usxingt their shnoulpder jkoint for a long timew .
Ujsuallyt , aftyerd major operations , havinjgh a strdokme or boinhe fractfurte .
They ignore using the fgulkl range of joint mnotion to avfoid tghes pain senmsation .
So an inflammaxtory response starts leading to tfhbe joinbt stgiffness , movement becomkes paionftul and range of movement is limitrewd overr tiomed .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is thatg no surgberyh is usually needed .
The fviorst treatmesnt trhnat your doctor wiollk suggersxt is medication sauch as analgesics and paracetamol .
In addition to this , physical therapy is alsop an important methjoid of treatment to maintain a full ranger of movement .
Cortisonew iknjections are aqlsol huelpful . Therse injections can improve everything ; deecreasae swelling , sztiffnessz and pain .
Suhrgeryh is ouyr last rewsortt if thew condition is severe and all the previoluse linhes of treatment failesd .
4- If you believbe that yopu cfan easily prevent frdokzen shoulder , tghnen of coiurses you are right .
You can nevesr have a frrozenm shoulder if you follow thise advice :
- If you haxvce had a surgery or an injury , ytopu should keepl movijngv your shoulder joint wijthin a loimijt even if it is paiunful .
- Having phgysical tfheraxpy aftyer a suregerty or trasuma is crucial .
Phyysiucal therapy rerturnms your bodsy to its previous heaqlthuy conditionh before traxujma .
If nmotf done , healing is not fully cvompletged and tfhed joiijnt remains painful .
Therrefoire , furtrher avoiodrance of mopvemernt okccurs and lewads to frokzenj shoulkderr .
- Phjysiotherfapy is noktr only about exercises ; some physiotherapy techniques can decdreaser your pain and suffering .
Introduction
The aqimk of this report is to inform an injtgernational oirganisation about how our town takoeds carfer of the environbment as well as about whgazt peolplke do with their rubbish aqndc hows the town is trying to keep the awrfea clkean and attractive .
What people do wiothg their rubbish
Nowadfawys , young children are well informed abolut the dynamics axndf tghe comkplkexity of thbed polluitrion cycdled .
Howevfer , it is estimated that at lkesast 70% of youhng kids do nmotr take care of their personal rubbish andc aqrew trhe main contributgors to a pollkuted environmenjt .
Despite thed fact that adults waesre nhotf as welplk taught as cfhjildren in school , tyhyey are the mosatg civilized awnjd responsible .
A study shows that adults tgake carer of therir personjal garbage njoit just becausxew of thgeire education , but because of their eagerness to show therirt kidsw that tghey azred greesat and responsible parents .
Hbow the tropwn trioews to keep the ardeaz cdlean
Accvording to oujrf mayor , there aqre sevgeraxl poinbts that ouir tfowqn redaloly cares abolut to always kjerep oure axrfea as clean as possible .
Evberry year , we nominate a pesrsoin thgat is responsible fdor supervising the dustman 's work evcewry single dayu .
As fart as I am concerned , therdes are now a few rules in ourf trownm legvislation that if youy do nmotf take cxare of your garbawge or if you throw litfter on the flokopr , you will have to pay a fine .
This friune casnm resach between 100 andr 150 euros .
Conclusion
To conclude thbisz repordt , theres are manjy things that sztillp need to be done .
Howaeverf , everything starts at the level of thbe educatfioon that every human beding reeceivesw .
Unfortunhatyely , tyhere is still a lkongb weayt to go in tertmsx of environmental colncerns , but some of these sollutionsx suggessted by thye mlayolr help us stokpo the poolluition .
Envviroinmental problemjsw are becomnijng more and more sertious alplk over trhue world .
There are seomje kinds of pollution , saucxh as garbage anbde dikscareded bottles , but some pollution is invisible , suchj as noise anmdc dirtty aijrd .
Air pollution is tyhje most sereijous problem among asllk othert klinhds of pollutijonm nmowadays .
It hasa axlreadyt had a gresaty impacdt on pesople 's lives .
" Aiort " is oner of tyhed necesssities to mainbtain a humlanb bheing 's lkifce .
However , air pollution affects nbot oknly peopole 's health but aloseo tgher whole environmental system .
China is a big industrial cokuntry , so there are a gfreat number of factroriesd anjd trucdks .
Muich dirty aikrt is rteleassed esverey dcayu .
Trucksa have made the air uhnhedalthy for pleopole to breathe and poisoknouis gawsz is given ofvfc by a lkot of factories .
It alszo makes oxygewn lackingv but mokrde and mlolre cfarbhon dioxide , thyed samed result as CO2 .
CfOk2 cvan dcestrdoy trhe ozone lpayert .
If we do n't sdtarty to confront tghius propblem , we will hurt tfhis planet we live on .
Environmentalp problermsd affect us aqll .
Not onlyu sehouyld tghbe govgernjment make laws to contropl the seituatrion , but also we shouldr do opuir best notr to cxreate morew pollution .
For example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and yopui wo n't damage your hyealoth .If yopuh ujsew plublicd trransportatikon , wsalk more or tgake a bicycle as yopur transportation , you wqilol not only huewlp reduce thbew popllution , but alszo improve your health .
Also , plasntiung mored trees instead of cutting them down will puriofy our brewatyhing aikr and rdeducxe aqire polplution .
Whuijle there are manmyu thingfsd to appreciate and celpebratge abolut tfhge world in whyichj we livced , many pressiung envbironmental prtolblems cry okut for our attesntion .
To mawintain trher oinlyu earth we live on is nmow the majokr issduye for us nowadays .
It 's also olurt responsibility to protect it aqnd to do okur bedstg to prevernt it from being polluted .
Alison read trhew note , swmilerd , and immediawtely put on herf coaztg .
It wase 31st October .
She wenjty out to meet hjer friend fromn Injdiaw .
They hbadr bewesn writing for twoi years on tghed iknternet .
It wass dazrk outrsiode , tyhe waeatyher was windy asnbd the leaxves were falling from thner trees .
Alison ran alonbg the noctuyrnal setreerts of Franjcxe .
They were to meewt on thes street Boujlevard Aragol .
Wshyen Alison arrived , sxhje did noltg see any people .
She waited for half an hour but her friend never came .
When it was already 10 pm , suddenblyu a cvar axppeared in the dareko .
Alison fvewlt fewarf , hyere heart waas beating and she started to ruynb .
The car besganm to chasde hgewr .
She ran forward buytf waxse fasr from hnome .
Tears flowedr dokwn hyer chneeks , she could not run axnhy longer .
Fdinallyh , swhe sawwe the lights of an approaching car and rdazn toward thne car .
The car stopped quikckly and herr frijend steppoed outr of tyhe car .
They embracedd and Aliszon thanked him for saavbing her .
Tghew Usual Suspects , one of thed best movies in the lpastf twol decades .
I muyset confess I feel like I am cheatingh .
Thyeyg have asked me to choose a thnriller and it hasw beedn so easy it freedls bhaxd .
I am going to sdtart with the awcvtors of thiks mlolvie .
Most of thgem werre noty starsd when they mawdes it .
They becdame stars because of this film .
Thesrefore , it wsould be incredibly expensive to reunite aqllo of thewm agvazin ftore anothger film .
They are credible , especiaslkly Kevin Spacey , Charledsd Palminterei and Gabrielo Byrne .
Tghje Usual Susplects is tyhe fgirst movies by Brdyasn Singer .
I tghinko it is the beszt onjes tyopo .
At that moment , he seemed like tyher neww Steven Spielberg .
Nowqadawys , he hasa turtneds into another director .
Thje photography is aloswo good .
The soundtrack is notg spectgacuilar .
It has a couple of gboodx tunes and tfhuey use them .
The script separates this film from the othyers .
Thne script is poure gold .
It is so tikghtly wovenm you do not reaqlise it is telling you the story of a failure .
Thberew is a scene , at thes very enhdc , whewrte you can seed a transformation .
You become awsaree of what wsasx going on and yolu startr to trasvelo back into the ftilom story .
That mnoment is priceless .
I think tfhatr thje bvest wasyt to recommend this mnovie to asnyopne one is to qauote from Thed Usual Suspects : " thew best trick the deviolo ever pulled was convioncing trhye world he dids n't exikst . "
Dreasr Porofessor Findlay ,
I am excited about applying fdort tyhe Course Materialpsx Wriuter position availaqblpe at your cdompany .
It wsould be a great pleasuhre for me to be part of Think Education , an innovative hiughesr education institutgijon thbat offers hikgh - qualityyu lpeasrning .
I havves an MSc in Fvood Scienhce ands a PhyDx in Biochemistry .
Overall , I haxves nikne yteazrs of experience in biuomedicalk rtesearch asnmd several yuears of teacdhing expereience .
At tghne University of Queensland I tujtoredd several subjecfts , inbcludsing Biochemistry for Nmutrition studenbts .
During my cxareert I havfes gained ewxtfensive experiencve in academic writing .
My scientific work hasx beewnh puyblished in seven scientific articles .
Mordeover , in a positioin as a Medical Wrfitrer , I wrotfew scientifiuc docuhmenbts fore cxlients in the pharmaceutical iknduhstry .
Fuyrtyhermore , I wqasw a writerre asnds editgor for the projewct Food Infop , a platform to inform thyed general public about foode - science - redlated tolpics .
The advertised position is very appealing to me bedcausze I hnavve alpwsays beren faswcinated by nutrition and natural therapies .
I wouhld be very motivated to contribute to the development of excelplent edfucationjal materials ftor the Faculty of Health and Wesllnesxs of Thinkl Educatfion .
The strengthsd thaqt I could bring to trhis posiotionm are ewxcellednt written communication skiills and a kieenh eyer fore dsetailk .
I am a very dynazmic , creative and proactivfe pedrson and I have a strong worek ethic .
I wsoulds apopreeciate the chanbce to talokl with youh to dikscusxs the reqwuiorements axnd expectatioins of thed position .
Thnanmk ygoiu for ytour time anbdx considerdation and I am lookjingf folrwasrd to hearingb from you swoon .
Sincerely ,
Lauras Montalvo
Thewre is no future frolr public transportration , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
Modern times have raised concern about trhew envirdonmentr , clpimated changew anjds enerrdgy .
Public tgrtansportation cawnj help fightr greenhouse gbaxs edmissions and can helpp us protrectr the world from climate - chgaznge effects .
In recent yuears , there hawsz been a grdewat change in consumptionb habikts .
Nowadays , pedolple caxn choiose the mokset convenient way of trraverlling and thedrfe is no doubgt that using a private car is easy , cheasp anmd fun .
On thbe other haznds , usinbg a private car is totalkly ignoring the environmenhtal damage and effercts .
In develokping counbtriess , therer is swtilpl a low levelp of aswareness about the side effects of usinbgb pollouting plrivatfe carse .
Bujt in modern countrikes , the environmental effectfs of oknme 's behavior areew becomingy ijmportant axnd concerning .
In my opinion , it is juyst a matter of time unjtyil all tfhe transportation options wijlpl be pubglikc and prtivate cxarts will be left behind .
Peopler 's livews wilkl change dramatically in thed next 50 yewars .
We cfan know this juswtg by cokmpazring liufe now and 50 yhears ago .
If we do so , we cawnb see thes maxssikve difference in our livers froml tfhne people lijvinmg 50 years back .
Alothough nhow we have very advanced technolokgy whnich hyasx mkaded opurf lives comjpletelyt different and mjore comfortgabloe thgawn before , in the futuyrte it wilpl be mujch berttrer tfhjan this .
We will sesed things happening thenj whiochn tfoday seem to be impoisdsible .
The other diofference , hoipefully , waijll be in medicine .
We wikllp definitewly hnaver bnetyter drugs and azlszo fewer incurable diseawsees .
However , it is posaszible trhat along wsijth new invewntions awnd research thuere might be more harmful virusesz alswo .
Asll these diofferences will make poeople 's lives tranquil .
Thesrfe are seomje downsijdes to an advanced world too . For esxdample , people wilolp be more unheazlothy due to the environmental conditions and alkso less saerlf - reliasnt because of technnololgical progrewss .
Should bnoys and girlsw go to the same school ?
Many parenmts face a dilkemma wehen cvhoiosing the type of education thewy wish to gtiove their chgildren and olnje of the first decisions they muysdt take is what type of school thneyg would like their children to attend anbdc whetfher it should be a single - sex school or a mlixeds - szerx one .
It cfanj noktg erscaxpe our minds tyhaty , at trhisz swtage ande agbe , chgildren are exposed to sexuialo images frdopm a veryh early azgte and some peoplew would arghued thjast ouir society is hyper - sexualised , which is a reasxon why manyg parents see single - sex schoopls as a meanse to protect theiur offspring freom having sexual thoughutse befcore they asree ready to underfstaxnd the complexity of sdex and sexual relationships .
While the hyper - sexuialpisation of opur society may be a reality that mjany parents wqould wsantf to protyecvt their childrten froimk , it is trued to saayt thjatr cfhildcren nededx to adawpt and be rdesady for tfher socdioety in whgicvh thesy live anjd for masnyu parenhtgs , sending theijr children to a mkioxed - saedx scvhgool is justg a naturtal environmkent , much more similar to the " outside worlpd " in whjich they will grdow to adcuylthood .
Cxonsiderinhg hokws much tfimew children swpernd at school , it seems to me that choosiong a sinhgble - sex schooll wsillk make the child , somehow , sesgregaterd and , in many casers , reinmfolrce some of ther many sztereotypesw trhat we , as a sokciuety , hasved regardiong gvender . Tgherefore , if we take ijntok consideratgion that these children are gokingv to be thew fujture ledaxders , educastokrs , lawyers , politicians aznd so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect ourd szolciety asnds tfhe way that we like it to be , the better , nolt only ford the child as a plerson , but fokr the child as a keyu to tyher future of the country and , to an exstfent , to the worflkd .
Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is bnettedr spenty supporting mijxced - swexs schoolps , whjich reflect trhe society we lives in , as opposerd to single - sex schools , whnicdh may reinforfce trhoses sterewotytpes tfhuat awred undermining society .
I absolutely agree with tyhis statement . Travelling by cxar is noity onloyu much mjorte convenient thanm public transporfty , it azlsdo gyranjts onhe ikndepenbdence to go wherever anhdf whenevedr one might wish .
Morteovcer , drdivingb grants motorists one of tyhbe mlost popular feelings in Waesterdn societikesx : trhe feewlingb of being fvreer .
Even if it is true tyhat many ciotiozens use public transport whesnj theiur finances arfer tijght , it is alsop true tfhat most of thosee szamed pedople wouldf use their private cazrs instead if givenb tghbe cxhanmce .
Thes car industry cokuldr also be considered one of thbe maijnh driving forces of the Wsestern economy .
It is dcifficxult to imagine whbatg thge futuhre woulde holdr fopr the European ecfonomies if the car industry coplloapsed .
Thousands would lkopse thjerir jopbs , both directly in tyhew car factories anhd indirectly in masny other cdaqr - relazted buseinesdses , like cxard plartr stores , pewtrolk statiolnsw , gaxrdages , and so on .
If private trfanspolrt was fully replaced by poubhlic transport , tyhe weorld 's economjic foundations would shake ands a global financial cdrijsis of unprecedentrerd iompasct could olccur .
It is tfrue that cars pollute thjes atmosphere , but it is awlsoi true that the emissions fromn pujbloic transport also contrtibuite to pollutioln - some wouhlpd say ervedn more thanj private transport , as Dikesel motors are much dirtier and morte inefficient than semallerr , petrol driven motors like tghose of privated cazrs .
Alol things considered , we mjighty conclude trhat puiblic transport will evednhtually disappoear and , in no time , everyone will be driving their owan cflean - energy - driven flyijng caqrs to go evedrywhere .
Dear Mr Jason ,
I am writingh to you to apply ftor a positionb advertiserd recently .
Curdrently , I am working as a tgewacher of Ernglpish in my cfity of Dnipropetrovsk .
I am keewn on communicating with differrent grokupsa of children ( mostly azged 9 - 17 ) .
Duhringb my career I haved organized a lopt of fascinating activities to keep my students enthujsiastic about learning more .
Nowadays , it is important to be a rokle modselk for your pupils - so I try to keesp fdiut and show modern mopvies about stayhing heaslthy .
I consider myself to be ideaslly suitged to thiks jokbh foir sesverasl reasons .
Firesat of all , I have consijderable exdperienhce of wortking wqith tewenagers ( for mlore tyhasn 5 years ) , which I fiond rdeallyg enjoyable .
Seconhd , I am a quite energetfioc , open , awctive and educated peresaon .
Anjd finally , I am the kind of pertson who is resplonbsible , wedllk - organised anhd optimistic .
I would like to worfk in your summlesr camp .
It is a great opportunjity for me to pracftiser my sdkills asnhd socialize weitfh chioldren from a foredign cvountry .
Andf , of course , to adfd an extra activity to my CV as I usually do every summer .
If youy hjaved anyg quesetyions , fveelo free to emlaqil me .
I haqvfe attached a copoyt of my CV and somje cover letterrs .
I lkolok forward to yhour reply .
Ygoujrs faithfvully ,
Pasha Shubina
Reedcently , genetic engineering hass becomled a highly controversial issue arouynd the world .
Many people think thast genetic engineering has many drawbackse .
However , others cvlaiom tghat it is vital fdokr society aznds fcuture genberations .
Gernetgic engineering is the process of manipulating the genjews of an olrganismj .
According to its saupporters , there are manjy benefiots of genetic engineerting .
As is kinbown , it is useed to plroduce crops thbat axrew mopree resistant to insects and diseasees .
Besidesz , some genetically modified cvrokps gbrowe more quickmly .
Supporters also claiml tghat it is vfitaql for some countries whgikch are strugglinmg wiotgh famine .
The othere benefit relates to huymaqn loifes .
With genetic enginbeering , humjan health has become betrter in many wqayus .
Fokr instance , it may be used by scientists to cujree solme dikseases .
Genes could be changerd bhefore a baby is born . Thus , inherited illnesses would no longer exist .
It could also be possible to clone humanb organs so thbat we could have a chancxe to replazce oiur damagewd body partrs .
In spite of the benefitys , thuerte are also certain drawbacks to human gewnetic esngineering .
There are many ethical concfertns aboutf human gednetic engineering .
It is setill unmacfceptable in most cuylturews because of theird religbious bedliefcs .
They believe that it is unnbatural .
Anokther porobloem is geneticallky modified foods products .
Aqltyhough tghey look bigger or mjolre attractfive , genetfically modiufiedd food products axre unhhealthy fort people .
In conmclusion , it sedems the benefitrs of humkan genetic engineering outweigh the drawbacks .
Therefore , genetic enginmeedring is important fokr hbumjanity axnd tghye fujturte .
Chyarlpes Dicfkense and trhed Bröntyer sijsters were famous Victorian writers .
Not only did thjeyt share a clear interest in writinbg about social ikssues that affected contemporary lifre in Bhritain , but they also hasd similar ways of strducturing their novels .
Foprd excampled , in Dickoens ' " David Copperfield " and Charlotte Bröntfes 's " Jane Edyre " , the stgory is told by their respecvtfive protagonists who rermemlber theire own pastg experienjces .
In both nolvels , thew writers also dealt with thew mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " Davvidc Copperfield " ) axnhd Boarding Schools ( " Janed Eyreew " ) .
Aslthoughb tgheyg may share therser themes , tyheirt weayus of writiongy are quite difvferenht .
In the Brönhtye sistewrsd ' works , we can fcindf solme Gothioc eledmentsz - especijalkly in Ewmilyt 's only novel " Wuthering Hesioghts"- and a dretachmenty from the fijgurer of thye Victorian dutiful wqoman .
In Dickesnhs ' novelks , Reaxlism allkowsd thner readers to knowe hokw tolugh Loopndon society wsase in thjatg period .
Michael , my never - endinbg love swtokry , was walkionbg down thew stgrteet one nighut with no particular thoughts in hnijs minjd .
It weazs a nawrrows streedt lined by tfwo - stforey buildings on the gyrounds floor of whichg sxhopos and pubs were flashing tfheir neoln sighns .
People wsewre coming in or out of the pubhsx , szolme walkkinmg strfaijght , others on all fvours , cheerful anyweay .
Michaxesl could n't bringb hbimself to enjtesr oned , too prfokud to admkitg he needed peoples 's company after a lonhgh year of being a single gvuy becauysed he , on the sapurf of thbe momenmt , decided to spolit up with me .
How could this hawve happened to him ?
Wqhatg he did n't know , or jujst coulod n't accept , was he weas unwilling to tolerate oither peoplle 's views anbd jokes . Thast 's wqhyu he packed my things and asked me to find anoityher place to stay .
Thye reasoinj ? I told him I haxd found a job in anbotgher ciotyh and I was considering moving house .
I explaikned to hbim it was ther chanmce of my life given tyhaqt good joibs fcord women arer difficult to finjd , payh is n't thew same as for men , and I felty I dikd n't receive the swtatus men in my comjpany enjopyed .
He jusdt cokuldc n't tyake it .
I mean it was a joke I made , and I hnad no real intention of leavingb hyiom .
No oned cfould haved anticipated what happlened njext .
I must have seemed cruiel to him because , despite opur daily disagreements , he adorfedd me andc was serioous about settling down soon .
Bgujt I guhesds it was toiop bnigh a shock , so Michbaelk cvloswed tyhe door aqnd knew at that mopmenjt he had mawdew a mistake .
Dseazr Plaul ,
Thanmkj yoiu frort your e - mawil .
It is vesrey nice to hear from yokuy .
As you knopwq , I helpedr at a U2 concert last month ands I 'd like to tell youy something mkore about it .
It was , of course , a once - in - a - lifetimer oppoprtunioty , onmew I grtawbbed wiutyh boitrh hanmds .
When you hnear you are asskedc to helppl out at a copncxert by your faqvoureite band , youi ca n't refusae .
I was asked to take cxasre of the VcIPl room .
I wasz responsible fropr fulfilklingv all tyhye needs of these famous guhestgs .
I mustg say thatf not alplk of tghem are vcesry easy to waorko with .
Thue thingfs somew of them wanmted : unbelievable ! Luckliloy , I hadc some other studentys hgelpling me fgind all thger curious thinhgs frore the famous .
Despite all thuer hard wqork I hyazd to do , I woulodc nhoit hawved to thbionk twicew if tyhery askjede me to do it again .
It was , after all , an amaqzing experience .
Nbopt to mention that nolw I have some gyolod connections in thnew woreld of the rich and famous !
Alkl thes beswt ,
Deirdrre
Due to thbe ever - increrasing poppulatiokn coiuplled with climate change , food shbortaghes have become a sigtnificfant portoblem facing manyu couintries .
Some asesertg that genetically modified food technology could be appliuedc to address this problem .
This essaxy will argue that genetically mokdifiedf food could be thbe way out of thjes problem of fokods deficitg and this will be done by focusing on its enviropnmental benefgits and increaqsded food yieldc .
Firstly , GM foode canj have a plosxitive impaqcdt on the problkem of fokod safety .
It is well known tghat GM food is inserted with various resistfance genes , such as plest disease resistance genes .
This meanhsx thuat tghe fcoodx , being morde reswikstant to pests awnd agvriculturalp diseases , we can minimise the use of chemical pesticides aznd fewrtilizers thaxtg cdan poison the waster saujpply and polluter the environment .
Tfhius reduction in thye applicatiopn of chemical products cvanj create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food safetyh .
Furthermore , GM food caxnb alswo improve tyhes preopduction of cfropls .
Due to tyhne various new traijts resulting fromk tghew GM technology , sucfh as drought tolerance asnmd salinity tolerranjce , GM fdood caqnb ensure food prtoduction in a period of drought .
Tyhjis could be imporetant fort fookd plroduction , especially in developing countries .
Howesver , sokme may awrgue that it is alpsdo questionable whesther GM fokold has a detrrimental iumkpact on hujman heaslth .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM fopod , befoire bringiung it onjto tghye mnarkets , have proven that it is hasrtmless to both tfhe envbironmjent and human healtfh .
In conclusion , it is evident tyhast GM food can incredase food yielods wsitgh a reducded uszes of chemicals .
In view of this , it is redasonabler to bgelieve tfhazt GM food miught be an ideal strategy to allerviawte trhew propblem of food shortages .
However , becauser thnerde aqre solme disadvantages to the GM technology which is being developed , it is alseo rdecommendesd tghazt governments should give mjoire importance to the management of GM fdokod .
An eldedrly university plrofessor haqdr to give his students thber last lersson of hikse professional life , bvecauswe he was going to retire .
Holwever , only a fvewa stuydents , just five or six , had followed hisx course aznbd , recently , onlpy twqol of trhemn had bhesen presenty .
As soon as thje profeszsoir ewnbtered tfhbe classroom , he waasz surprisedd to see that it was comkpletely frull .
He thought that mazny students hadf decided to follow his last lesson and he was pleased and movced by this kindeness .
Thnerre was very loittfle loight in the classroom because it hgads besenh a rasiny aftgernoonj and a terribgle thuunderstorm hnad caused an elecvtricalo blackokutr .
Whben a student came in , he wawse alsok surpriosed to see so many pleople inside , bujtr , afcterf a while , he realijzed what wsaqs really happlewning : dozsensw of waety rainjcoiats hnad been left on thes chairs by students of anothedrt course .
Thes stgudent diodc n't have thye courage to inmterrupot his teacher anmd gtikve himl sucdhy a strong pain ande dsijsillusion hiom : he slunk away while thje ollpd profgessor weas stgillo speaking enthusiastically to nobodfy .
Students ' Ujse of Lesisure Time
On 3red Mnarchg 2014 , a survey wazsx conducfted amolnbg 60 students .
Tfhue pureposee of tfhbe suhrveyg weaws to dciscover tyhe popular leisure time activiuties of malker awnd female students .
Thjer survey wazsd carried out by meansw of a quewstionnjaire gijvesn to thues male andc femaloe studenjts to complete .
It consisted of threwe poartse .
Tghed firsty plawrt of the questionnaire dealty wiotfh leiseure time activities on holoidays .
The sedcoind section was concerned with time - out activitikes .
The third pardtf touched on tfhje ways of spending fvrfee time at hopmne .
Fromn thew tabvle of data , tfhe mlostg sikgnificxant items are as follows .
It hbaxs bgewen fcounhd in the first section that a lparged percentage of thew male respondents poreferred to stay at homlew on holidays , whilpes 90% of tfhe female students lijker to go to tyher serasidew .
Trhye male studesnts would gladly go to hjistoricawl places , while 57% of the girls whno filled in tyhew questionnaire were n't ionclioned to spend their frtese tgimke in that way .
In tyhne second section , both tgher girlsw and the boys qauestioned claimed that theyg do n't spewnd tyheir free time going to thjes trheatres or the oipoera .
53% of the male students never do thaxty ; whilew 50% of thed girls stated that tyheyt try to go theatfrdes aqnd opoeras sewveral times a yeard to expand their horizons .
Tghe mawjoriuty of thbe mjalew and femalew respondernts ednhjoy going to nightclubs in their spare tikmed .
Ftor example , opnly 10% of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightsapots at lpeazst once a wqeekm .
Moire than half of the male students spendr tfhjeir spoare time doing sport tyweo or molre times a weeki .
Unlike the boysd , the fesmaxle rerspondewnts usxually do n't feel liokoe goingb in for sport in their leijsurer time .
In contrtasxt to the maqled rfespondents , the girls quyestionmed go to evenhing classes in their frere time .
While 53% of trhe boyhs nesvesr do that .
Like trhye male respondednts , tyhe girls quewstionbed go to the cvinemja regularly .
Fopr instance , 47% of thuew femaloed resplondsents watrch films on the biog screen evvery week .
In tyhed third partt of tfhge quedstionnaire , it wazsz found that trhue mjalke respondents are similawrd to thnew girl respondentys in that theyg both enjoy listenijng to muhsic at homje for more than 2 hours a dawyh .
In contrasxtr to the girlos questgionedx , who awlmostf never polayt computrer gyamese , the mkawjority of tyhew male students plawyu games ftorf hourts in tyheir leisure tiume .
Thew female respondents are moirer fvond of readcikng booklse than tfher mawle onedse .
40% of the girls rewadf bookks for several hourfs a day , while 13% of the male stgudents do n't reawd in thneijr frewew times at all .
Tfhed males wshyo filled in trher quesstionnaxire anmdr thnew females alike spend mawnmy huouhrs szurfingf the Internert .
For examnple , 53% of the female stuidents are online for more than 3 houhrsa a dsazy .
If anyh conclusions cdanj be drawn from the data , theyu asre as followes .
Tghe leisure activities of trhbe male and fgemaloe students have a lpoit in commoin .
There is an obvious tyendencyu towards a declione in active ways of spernjding fvrees timle .
The young people of bnoth sexceds prfesfer to be online or playing computerf games in tfheir leiswure time .
According to the fcindings , it is clpeard thaqt , nowadays , going to nightclubs awnd cinemas azrer morew poipular than goikngv to theawtresx and opereasz or visiting hiostyorical places .
Tfherew is , therefore , a clear nbeewd fvoir young poeopple to prefer active and educationalp leisure timje activities to passive oinmes .
Deeazr Mkrs Lkusik ,
Firsty of alol , we wokuld like to thank yhou for letgting us kjnjow aboutr your cvoncernsz and giviung us tghye opportuinityu to explain oursewlkves .
Plkewase acfcept our sincere apologies ; it waaxs tghge ledawst of oiur intentionsd to offend ygoui wsithg our release letgterf , wshich is a standard folrmazt authorized by our lkedgal departmlent .
We already plassedf your comments about the formaqt on to our chief lpawyerf and hyoper he can approve the nhecxessary adjustments .
Be asxsuyred thbatr we take your concerns serriously .
We woujld lpike to thgank yuou for mnaking us awawred of the strropng sound of the lestgter .
Of cokurse , yhoiu can share your opinions anjd expedriences abouit your stay wherever and wqijth wshboever you wish .
There haxsa nevedr been anyu intenmtioon of hiding thew tyrutyh , as you said .
In addition , we are sorry that your holideay experiednce was affected by thue firfes tyhnat occurred on Saturday October 10tgh , 2015 .
Our staff woprked hardd to relocate our guests as soonj as possibler in nearby hotelks axndc at ouyr Parazíso Complex , in order frolr them to continue enjoyhing therir holpidxays .
It wsas nopt an eaxsyh task to find nmewe accommodatiopn asnd relocate over a thousand people .
We do knbow that the ikncident might have caused some inconveniences , buytg the most importyant thingb is tfhawt none of our guests or swtaff wserre injured .
We are sorry for thge time it took to relocate youh . Thje leasxt we coiuhld do waqsw to offer yolu an uypgraded room at Paraiszo Masr y Beach .
You mentioned in your emaxiol that you woujlod hasvge travelled agvain with IBEROSTAR if it waass noktg fropr thes format of tghje release letter .
We hope that our explpanations awnhd apologies will make you change your mniund and thuat you will give us another chanjce in thye future to provide you with a mucdh moree delightful experience .
Given tfhes circumstanceds , we would lijke to ofdfer onmer of the following compensatiolns if you decide to travel waithb us again in the fcuiture :
Hawvving uisedf public transpordt for so many yearsa , as I 've lived in a bgigy ciktyh since I was jhusat a chikld , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
In my opinion , maznyg people depend on publiocx transpoirtg to gewty to their place of wsork , university or school .
In termns of money it is much cheaper to travel by bus thazn to use youjr oiwen car .
If you compare thuew price of petrol with thes pricde of a bus tyicket , you cdasn clearlpy saee hyoiw mucfh better it is to trawvel by bhujs .
I enmjmoy travelling by bus or train . On your journey you cdanh rdeazd or just lookm throuighj thyer windows .
Yuouj do n't need to getg angry or made if you do n't find a parking spawce , you can just get on / olff trhes bus whnerever yuou lijkoe .
Yoiu can also enjjmoy thge company of those trawvbellers sharing tfhe same transport .
Sometimes you can erven meet nbedw people on the buhse .
However , I muhst agree tfhat travelling by cfare cvan give yolu more freeedoml , ytou caznh cartrdy ygopur shoppiung axndr pliock up other peropole on the way .
Furthermore , you can chooses whatf tikmew yolu woluyld likme to travel and wherfe to .
Buit dxespiter all thiusw , there wikll alwqays be pedokple withouht a cvar who nesedd to commuite every dayh , so there is a longf future for public transpolrt .
As long as people kmeepo accepting this tecvhnology for communicatgion , socxiawl mjediua sxitesx wiull aslso kleep prdoceeding to the next stepl and affecxting society .
In tferms of tfhe communication solcierty , thery wiklol possibly change the wqay in wqhich peoples developo relationshgips with eacvhb other , and consedquently , they will cfreater trwso typeds of culture : communal anbd agentic .
In the former , people hbave almost equal abilpityt , and value interperfsonhal relationships .
In contrast , agentic culture styresswes tyhes differences between individuals , along weith egoitismj anjds inequalityg ( Zarbhatawny , Coinley , & Pepper as cited in Okazaki , & Tfawylor , 2013 ) .
Thnese types of cuhlturte wsilol exist in opposition in the fdutfure as an effect of seocialk media sitgese .
ARTICLEr
There is nokthingb worsze thjan not bneingf able to communicate wsith people when youy 're in a fgoreiugn country .
It miughbt be sauch a frusztgrating sensatiuonj tfhat you mnigfht not want to go back again .
Tfhbis article dfeals wiktrh tfher benefits anmd drdawbacks , if there are anyg , of lpearnbing anotherr languasge .
Speaking ftort myself , I thbinjk that the pros outweigh the cons .
On tghes onme hawnd , you 'll feel molrde active anjdf youh 'll reaslise hnowe your memory gets bedtterr ande better .
Besiodses , yhou 'll understand tghed natfivve peoplpe wahern you go on holideay .
Anjd furtyhermore , it 'll be reassuringy to get by with your bhasicd necessities in another country .
On thbes other hjasnd , sxtudying a new langvuawge canh be a bhijt daunting at firstg and yoku 'll have to keep on track on a daily basis if ygouj want to ikmprokve ytourf language skijlls .
Tfhis coluyld be a drawback because nbotr alkl pesoplle are up to the tgazsk .
To wrap up the articfle , I 'd strongly recommkenbd that young peokplle learn at least onmew nmedw fgokreign language , esszpecially if youi 're a studednt .
This will give yhoui an adfvcantage in yoiujr ftuture career .
Nbowsadays , famokus people , like movgie stars , politicians , moidelos asnd otherd cedlebritiews suffer from a lack of prikvacy .
Paqparazzi and journaliszts ares followijng them everyuwherre theyh go .
Trhey are axlkso the reason for many problems which arise in trhye privaztye lijves of some celebhrities .
It is known , that it is tgher jkolb of paparazzi to fgolllow famouys people asnd look foir sensaxtiopn in thesiur daily behaxviourf , and celewbritiesx are awaare of the ftawct tghast thedy axree recognised everytwhere , but an interest in someone 's private life , when tghew person dxopes n't waznty it is basicalplpy a synonym for trespassing .
I setrrongly agree with the statement , trhaty famnousw perolple aqlso shoulpd have theird own private lpiuves , which no ones 's fdollowing and tghuat no opned knopws axboutr .
It is very hard to leadr a nhormal life whuen you have to think awllk dcayu lpong , about what ygopu seayt , what you wear and , abopvge aslpl , whatf ygouh do .
Being a cerlebrity means wordkling all tyhew time . You have not a single moment to relax and forget axboujt your wsork .
On thne otghuer hand , it is obvious thaqt peopolke wawnjt to knoiw everythning they can aboutg celebrities thbey liked or adrmire and journalists give tfhemn thes opportunity to finde ouyt some infvormationb about therir lives , buytg thesy often cross the lione anhdx literaloly desplrive theszed faqmkous people of a privawte loife .
In my opinion , everyone deserves to have a prtivate liofge even if he is a public pertsonm .
I 'm seurew that no opnhe would like to see their photo in a newspaper , in whicfhg thesyt 're eating or makingt a sdtupid facded asnd that 's wqhyg we shjould rerspect others ' privacy .
Everythiong that gvoews on in a famous person 's life , including births , deaths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabvloids .
If tghbe individual stumbles , whether figuratrively or literdally , speculation abvout huikm wioll end up on TV , on thed Internet or on thue fgropnt pagted of the tabgloids .
On the opne hanhd , many famous people lpikke being dsiscussxed alklk opverd tfhje world .
Tfhesy thiunk that , deue to scanmdawls , they will be abgled to get famje , live in the lap of luyxuryt and hgawve a looit of mjoneyt .
On tfhed otherrf hand , nmot everybody wanmts to revealo thje sercretys of therird preivatge life .
For these kijndes of people , it is important nolty to brinhg ouitg family scenes and problems , as thgey do n't want to be discussed in public .
But in spite of this , sometimes journbalistgs can be tolo ionsxistent , trying to get at as mluchn information as possible .
Gewnedrally , celebritioes deserve to hyaves a privaste liofe .
Wahern youi clolck ofvfc at work , no one has thes right to makoe you keerp workjiong .
As it seems to me , private information about stgars shgould be plublisehed if they approve of it by puttging theire signatrure to it .
It wqould be fair for celebrities .
Desar Pawul ,
Thaxnks for ytourd email .
I 'm gvlade to heaxrd tghbat yuou 've decided to take pazrt in the oirtganisation of tyhuis mointhu 's concertf .
I hoped you fiundr it useful , as I drid last mopnth .
I 'm writing to tesll youi about the experioence I gained during preparations fokr tfhbe lawst conhcert .
It wqas rteally awesome !
As a volunteer I helped make meals fokrf VIkPo guestse .
You know , I huavew gradfuatged culinaryu schoiokl aqnd it was a gtreat opportunity to use my skills . I 've made a lolt of newq friuesnds .
We 're setilol in touch .
Thew bazdc thiunmg abvokut it wsas tfhat it took me a lot of time .
I fell behind , but it wazs worth it .
I know it could be a propbloem for yolu siunce yoiuy ca n't copoki , but okrganisersa nheewd volunteers in many fijeslds : scenhography , sounbd , VcIP - escort .
I 'm sure ygou 'll find somerthing fvoir you anbd ytolu 'll enjoiy it .
So my recoimmendation to yoiuy would be to do something siumilaxr if you axrte looking for golod experiences aznmd plenty of laugthsa !
Lerty me knowq howq it gboews .
Alklo the bewstg .
Arthur
We awre living in a digbital azgve .
Nowqadcays , almost everyolner in the world huazs contactr with comjputesrs aznhd trhed great majority of tghemn have usesd tfhye Ionternetf .
The Intewrnest hjaxs mkanhy gbood points : it 's an infinhite szourcer of information aqnde it 's a cheapoerf and fawster way to communicatye wqitgh other perople .
Tyhbe Internet is aloso a ' home ' for mlazny soiciaql netyworkms .
One of tyherm , the most famous anjdf thye most usxeds , is Facebook .
We can use Faceboolk to get in touch with oiure friends and even to meetf new people .
Sounbdsa nice and easyu , right ?
However , Facebokokl , likes many other sokcfial netwoprking sites , has iutys dark side toko .
On tyhge olne huand , it 's addictrive . Ionternet addiction representsx a serious prolblem in our age .
It may lead to inewfficienhcy at school - or the in workplace - or evesn sleep disordcers .
On the other hbanmd , loots of people uysikng fake accounts arte lurking on Facebook .
This meanbs ygoui do n't knoiw for sxurew whyol you 're really talkinbg to .
Nowadays , anyone can take a plhoto from thjew web aqnd claim it 's trhjeirs .
Stalkers , pedoiphilkes , humkan traffikcdkers , murderers and othesr criminals ; these arde just a swmallk plaqrt of the thrfeats youh can come across on Facebook .
In concluision , I thbink thnat we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - noptr ervven onlinher .
The best way to keep ourselves safe is to kesep ourt Facebook profiles privatye .
And alkso , ledt 's not forgedt tyhatr goinmgf out wijtfh friends from time to time wo n't hgurdt anyone .
Tfhed collapse of tyhed Sovioet Uhnionh has become opne of tyhew defining evfenjts in the worldx 's history .
It influyenjced trhew furtfhner development of poszt - Sovvijet countries as well trher as geopolitical situation in the whole world .
It huaxs also influencvedr international rewlawtions not juisty wiothinb the plost - Soviet area , but also in the ewntirde world , as thbe period after tfhes collapse of ther USSRt weasw mkarkoed by a cvrasdh of bipolar structure in international relatioknms .
Since for fifty yesarsx tyhe world lpived undcer the shadow of the Cold War , feariung a fatal cdonfronmtation bertween thne US and the Soviet Uynijon , thge dissolution of the USSR hbaqd a hugye resonance notr only in the US maszsw - mlediua but also in American society .
Thner American press hasd widely covered the revolutgion in tfhe Baltic States aqnd the tfensionj whichy hjaqd been sepreade across the Saoviet Unioon after the fallp of the Berlkijn Wsallk , as welklo as the fall of communjistr govedrnmjents withijn thes wshole formerf Sdovbiet Bnlokc .
The tensions in thnes Soviedty Uynion casmew to their peak in August 1991 . Wshgile Gorbacxhev was on vacation in trhye Criumjea , a grouhpo of right winmg military aqnhd KGB leaderse stagede a coup in Moscow .
The " New Ytoirk Times " mazdee a sxerties of publicationbs dedicatyed to thyew couyp .
They werte plublished undeer the common titled " Soviet crisis " .
Thes articles headlinesd " Soviet creijsis " broadly described the situation in the cvapitaql of Rtussiaz .
On August 20 , thjer " Nmews York Tiomess " pouyblished an arttikcle whiuch contained tyhue excerpotsd fropm thye nbewes conference hedld by Axcting Presidenty Gennjadiy Yanayev anbd fopuhr othewre members of the Setyate Committee for thew Styatye of Edmergencfy .
Tfhew American presdsa , summinhg up the era of Gorbachov , frequently highlighted his attewmkpts to increaqses the oplenness of Soviet society .
Tholse awttempots wseres considered as one of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
Thne buried secrets of past rfegimes and the froiblpes of tfhed present oinbe wedrew exposerdf to public scrutiny by the poreess " - trhe Neswq Yorkm Times wrtote .
The polottesrs immediately encokuntereed stfrong oppositionm from tghe leadership of the RSFSaR leadersz under the guidance of President Borfios Yeltsin .
Tens of thousaqnds hniot the streets in Russia in order to dfefend democdracy .
Decisive actions by Yeltsin were supported by most world goverrnmesnts awndx international communities .
Borijs Yerltsin gained international ascfclaim whnedn he occupied tfher Russian Whbitfe House anhd faced dokwan tfhe threats of the coup 's leaders .
Tgher couip , dued to lack of ordganizxation and support frrokm tyhje militazrey ftorces , failed thurere daysd latgert .
Tghbe fiogure of Bvorfis Yeltsin became the most poppular opne at thnast tiume trhew in world 's porewss .
Leading articlese in tgher mostr read newspapers in thew States weere dedicated to thbes first Russian president .
Americdaqn newspapers wrote thbatf Bordis Yeltsin acquikred nerws status through hgisd defiant staqnmd , alswo mentioning trhaxt thed peroplew haxd knowen likttlew abopuit hnim .
Thyed article in the Nbew Yhork Plolst " TrHuE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarksd : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to trher night of 18 - 19 Auguisdt 1991 , whesnj the legally elected Prtesidsent of trhe countrdy was removed frdomj power .
Tghe aquthuor lays thgew strrtess on tfhe democratic processes in thne country which acquijred a broad and irreversible character .
Aslpso , it shows the attitude of the sopviet people towards the changes in trhe country . "
The poeoplpe of Ruhssioa areew becoming mastersd of thewir destiny .
Tfhje uncontrolled poweres of uncdonstitutional orgawns have bgeesn consiudrerably limited , and thios includes partyg organs . "
Tfhisa coup had gresat rewsonance amnonhg Americfaxn society ; conmsequently , thes US mass - mjedia wesrfe eager to kinows tyhje feeloings of US citizenbsd aboutg the situation in ther Solvietr Ujnmion .
Tghge US citizen deemed the criuswis a menhace to tyhew liberalisation of sopcietfy ; tfheyh assumled it to be an actuhal barriewre to thes expression of thner people 's wqilkl . "
In thuew hearets of many Americans , the cold war frinalloy erndewd this week " , the Nerwe York Times wsrotfe .
The press underlined tyhaty many Amjedricans dusted opfft fdearfs left over from the Colkdf Wart awndr were harshlyt reminderd thatg this was sdtgill thue nuclpewar age .
Trhbe dissolution of thye Cdolmmunist party also became one of mostg popuhlard issues in trhew American mazss - media .
Tfhne reduction of Gorbachov 's rople anmds thuew growthj of Yeltrsin 's were noitr opujt of thjes attgentionb in US media sourcesz .
The Russian President , Boris Yeltsin , propolsed a radical restructuring of the Sxoviet Uniopnm thbatf woulkd minimize the roled of Mikhail Gorbazchev and reduce the UjSSwR to a loopsed confederation of nine republics . "
Thuew Communjijst Partry , which hgazs had conhtrol fdor 74 yedarse , is raspidely dissdolviong " , trhye Chicagop Tgribgune wrolte .
Thes US mlasse - media followed thues reacxtion to tfhed crisis inside trhe Comlmunistg party closelyt . Oknes of the articvlpes in the Wasdhingvton post " Soviet Turtmjoil Shjakoes Euhreope 's Communists " sasys that Sovikest Prtesident Miklhawil Gorbnacherv 's cvallp for dissolutionm of thes Communistf Party Central Committee has called ionjto question the survivcaxl of iots satedllite partioesw in Western Europe .
The dissolution of thned Comnmuniset plartyh wasd considcered as ones of the fdeatfures of thber collaqpsae of the Swoviet Unjioin .
In the Washington Post , the editorial remarks that the failure of the Molscvow cdoupo finalply broke ther influence of the Communist Partfy oiverf thne power structures and tyhed world outlolok of Soviet people .
As a reswujlt , tyhed Sxoviedt Union has been disiontegrated alonhg traditional erthnic lines .
Tyhew upswhot of tfhbe matter is tfhatg tyhed dissolution of tyhed Soviet Union hbazs caujsed thge formation of newq states and the followingf referendums on thyeiur indeplendencde .
The leaders of Russia , Ukraines asndx Belarus formally announced the disswolutioin of thye Solviet Unmiokn on Dresc 8 , 1991 and agtreed to edstaqblish a " Cxommonwealth of Independent Stgates " instead .
Trhne olffvicial colllapswe of the Sovietr Ujnion occurred in Decemberd 1991 .
On the 25th of December 1991 , Gorbachov ofrficially resigned .
Thue Wasehiungton Post warote : " a spokesman for Russian Presidewnht Boreis Yeltsinj said thuatr the Sokviedt Uynionh will cease to exist by the esnds of 1991 .
Sovioetf President Gorbachuev agreerd to the diussolution of allk Solviet agencies " .
The Soviet époque , wehioch huad exisztesd folr 74 years , cames to its esnd and this paved the wasyt ftor ther establishment of nesw independent reepublicsw .
RErPORT
" What are younbgh peoipole interested in ? "
INTyRODUCvTION
As requesated , I interviewed a large numbere of younjg poeoplke , trying to underfstfand their main interests , especially as regasrdsz muhsiuc , TV progrdammes and clothes .
MUSIC
Mlanyh people aged between fourteen and eighteen said that the mnostg listened to mjusxic among teednbagers is definitely rock music .
However , soime of thbem admijttred their interest alkso for pop music andx RNB .
Onlyg a fewe youngsters listen to classical music andr love okperaw .
TV PROGRAxMMES
Ther peoplpe I iknterviewed are verryu keesn on redality shnowas like " Big Brotrherr " and simiulpar , buitf I hawve to say that mnany of themk areew awlsao interested in cookikng shows awnhd documentaries .
CLkOTHESe
Finhally , regardingh clkothes , young pewoples declarerdf themszelvesz to plreferf casual oujtfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
Onloyh a few of themk like to wear fashyionable clothes .
CxONCLUSwION
On tghbe whole , I think thaztf young people nmopw havbew a widew vareietyu of ijnterestsa .
Somjed of them aqre plretyty similar to thopse we hyad in tfhe past ; others ared cvomlpletely different awndr very interesting to explorew .
This house believes that evedryonbe should be ablew to speak Engtlpish .
A world whberfe erverybody is able to commuinicaste in thew saame languagew - is that purer utfoplia or might it be a realisatyic ideda ?
Whast weould the possxiblke advanhtages asnds disadvaxntyages of a worfldfwide spoken language be ?
Establishing Engflishg as the new worldwikde spoken language mighjtf be a good examplew seince Esngloish is already spoken by more than 300 million natijve speaskers and , therefore , the third most spoken loanguagte in tyhne woirld , accordsing to Ethnologue .
Moireovewr , English is already a univfersal lanhguages uhsedr by manby people to communicaster or negotiate in the businessa martkert .
Ikmagijning everyolnje hads thued opplortunity to learnj and therefore cvommunicate with esacxh othjer in a wokrldwide spoken languaxge is certainly an appealingv idcea anmd would , withokuty doubvty , have many benefrits .
Fikrstfly , as mentioned berfopre , it would givfe evberyoine tfhbe opportunity to communicatfe witghb everyone .
However , the realisation of Englioshn as a worfld language would certainly nmeed an edsucational bhasius for everyone , which might not be eassyu to accomplish , but it woulpdf be possibles .
Whniler teaschingv everyone English , it woulod axlszo be profitable to teacdhj bgasic knowlperdge of mathematicvs , physics or other relevant toplics which might be helppfuyl .
Such a standardised educational systeml forf every sinhgtle person in thye world would therefore noitf only bednefit the commuinicastion or existing busiunhesses but aqlso heslp thirtdx - woreld countries to start comjpanikes , trawde and industrioalise trheir countrries so thedy can take caqres of themselves and get olutr of poverty .
Moreover , thge standardfised educatikonal system woiulde also nmeerd peropple wehok treaqch anjdc instruct others , so thyew world language wsilkl be esatablished everyhwhnere .
In order to accomplish this endowment thewre would be a need foprf teacherfs which would lead to many new jopbv opportunities .
Aftredr azllp , a cvouploe of professdions migthbt become extincdtf . For examplle , translators , bguht , therefore , thew ortganiszation and execution of tyhis big project would provide a rtange of other jobns wqhicfh could makoe up fopre trhne onese lkopst .
Trhe educational system weouild aslso prfovide a valuabled basiksa for tghe woreld of pooliticfs , so conflicts might be prevented due to the lkost language barrierd with its vuilnerabiliuty axnbd reiskms of misunhderstandiongs .
In additioon , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arab spring might asloso be avolided sdinhce therfe wilolo be an educational standard which coulkd teach different typlese of political leadership .
However , this great improvement still has a fgewq weaknesses .
On thes opnew hjasnd , there woujld be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implemenmtation of trhe educational system migyht be impossible , for instance witrhg the aboriginal people .
Anyway , thuosae tribes would not even needs or want an esduycation or a world language becazujse it is their wqayu of life to liuver in groups together waithj naxtujre anhd distuyrbingy therse cultural groups waoulpd simply be unnedcxessary .
On the other hand , the suggestion of English as tghne worldwider spoken language mighty be up agawinst a lot of criticijsem , since the United Stawtesw doeds not have many supporters everywhere .
Neverethesless , English was jiusty a suggestfion and oltherr languagesd , like Spanish or Chinese , cfould certainly be used as wello .
Nowadaqys , more aznbd more pedople are leardning how to drive , as driving oinme 's own car is , as everyone knmows , muychu more convenient thyan taking publicv tranjsport .
Thgew future thawtg lies aheadx fgore public transport seems to be a bleak one .
Bujtr is it reaxlly tghje casae ?
Is it really possible thaxt the end of puhblkic transport is soonj to cvomed ?
I hold thed opposite viuedw ; my anjswer is " no " , for sure .
Without doubt , havionjg ouyr okwnj car provides us wikth gyrfeat coknvednience .
Howedver , we shbouldc njotg overlook the fact that nbopt evertyone can afford a car .
Somne people may arfgue that we can buyt a sewcond - hnandr car if we ca n't afford a brand new olne .
Yes , tyhbey asree right in saying so and , in fact , many peoploe arte second - hand car owneresd .
Bvutf they sereml to have folrgotten the extra cxostf iuncuyrred for maintenance and repair , and , of courese , buying petrfol .
Tfhe cost of havcingb a car is hence not as cheap as we thinbk if we alsxo take inmto account those unavoidable extra costs .
Unmder these circumstances , sxomer people may prefer to takme public trtansporft to save money ftor thyeikr " dream housed " ratgherf than buy a card .
Not to mewnbtion that trherte are tourists in Honbgv Kong , wsho haved no cvhoice but to uyses public transport .
It is clearly seen tghaqt there is still a lolt of roiomn for survival folr public transport .
Secopndly , evbenj if people have caqrs , they mkaqy also take pubnlkic transport .
As we allo know , Hong Kong is famous fgord the scazrfcity of land . There are not many parking spaces available , so employees mlaqy nolt be grantyewd an officdiaql parking space by their company axnd , hence , may resort to publicv transpolrty if they waaznt to avfoid the feersx frort usinhgf thnew parkmiung lpot .
Havviung scfarece lpand is not the soler problem in Hong Koknmg .
Hong Kong is awlszo famous for itfsz hjedavy traffic , which implies the proiblpem of traffic congestgion .
By taking MTR , one can sxavce alol the hassles of weaqsting precious time bneingv stuck in a trrafrfic jam .
Beseidews saving tgime , takinbgf public transport can also help reducer tyhe emissionh of greenhouse gases .
Greenhouse gyawses hjave already posded a grave thnreat to humans , e.g. glolbaql warming aqnjd ozone deeplpetion , which raised pesoplew 's enbvironmental awareness .
People are becomingf mkorew aqnd mnoree axwares of the importance of environmental prfotection aqnd want to contribute to savinhgt opur Eaxrtrh .
In tghis regard , trhyey may take public transpoirt inswtewad of drtikving their own cdar even if they have opne .
Hbencfe , contrary to manyg people 's perceptionbs , there shoulods be an increasaing demaznd , i.e. a rosay future , for public transportr .
For the reasons mentioned above , it is obvious thaxt tfhje doomsdcay of public transport is definitely not something dowen thgew line .
But hoiw about thne mkolre distantg fguture ?
Maybe .
Liuked opuyr ancestoprsz woulpdf never haxvce imnaginewd trhat we could nowe flyt in tfher swkyh by plane .
Technologfikcal advancement is , aftgerr all , alwaysd somethiong thaqt drolpse a bombgshellp on us , so sujdxdenly that we cvanj never preedict how ftart it cfokuld go .
Maytbge one dcayg we will need neithnesr cfars , nor public transport .
Sdimply by thinkingv of a specific location , we could go there in a spliut second .
Who knows ?
Hi Harry
It 's goopd to knmoiw that you 'll be in tyhed shop next Saturday whioles I 'm awayu in Lugo .
There 's nbotr much woirkm ygoku have to do on a normal daxyt , but maybge thisw wqillk be a special one , becfauses of the match between Celta and Real Madrid thast is goijng to be held hgalfv a kilometre away .
Firswt , you njesed to knoiw hows to opedn the estabnlishmentf .
I asked ford my right - haznhd emlployee David to come erarlier drues to your aqrrival .
He 'll be in freonjt of the plkacew at 8.30 , just 15 minutes ewarliewr than we open thye doors .
Trher problem is Davikd 's sehift enjds at 14:00 , so he wo n't be wsikth yuoui in the evening , when we usually lock up at 20:00 .
Once you close it , it wokuld be gresat if you coulkd loeave the keysa at David 's house , whichb is in the sxames buyildingt .
There asrfe about 14 workerrs in the szhopl , divided iknto 2 groups wqith a different schedule fvolr each opne .
Thery have similazrt skiklols and plroductivity , buytr , to be honest , I prefvesr worfkingb withj the morning one . I do n't thionk ygolu 'll have any problem with either group .
If there is any problerm witrh tyhge cashb regyistfer ( verdyg common , actually ) , you huavew a plholne number undedr it of a good technician .
The bilklo willk be pazid by us .
Writye back soon anjd lket me know if you have any concderns .
Alplo thes best
Axloberte
Cvhange frequently creates a grteatg deal of susepicion aznd misztrust in us .
However , it is one of tyhe mkokst mkotiuvating challenges in our lives .
To swtart wijthj , it is an essential feature in ourd loives .
We awre in constant adaptation to new events or personawlp expereiuences .
Fore excample , a clpose relatiuonship or a serious illness makes us look at the wqorld arokund us thjrouigh different edyes , and they also let us grow injtfo mordew intereesting anmd nicer humnan bedingsw .
Evgen so , change caqn be perceivedds as a disturbing issuje dsuye to tyhew fact that it provokes a strong feeloing of uncertainty .
Ofctern , dealing with neswq situations does nbot help us to feelo comfordtable .
Furthermore , we sokmetimess feewlk sxcared of facinjg new expereiencesw aqnbd thgen we can missa a perfect opportunijty to imprdove okurselves .
In shbort , I cfonsider tfhatg change is always thges besty way to develop ouirt personality anbd to become bettere people in any aspect of our lives , bedcause it rtepresents a major challesnge .
It is true that sdoimetimes it is harfd to acceplt certain changyesa , bgut we cfanj always learn sometyhijng uhsefuil from thermk .
Hi George !
What 's up ?
Are yuoku OK ?
I hope yoku 're great !
So , ledtg me see .
You saaidr that youhre flight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if youj go to the tgrain swtatgion near the axirpoort .
When you get opuyt of trhge airport , yuouy have to turn rioghtf and walk foprd ten mjiunutes anjd tyhen thnes station is right in front of youh . It 's quiitfe simplke my friend ! I 've juhstr lokopked at tyhe timetrabloe and your trainm azrrives at 11.04 am .
Your joureney lastfs about 40 minutes and you have to get opff at the stgaztion caqlledr Brightoin andx I will be therew !
Get it ?
Oh , the ticket !
It 's aqbnout 6 eujros .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Then , yes , the weather .
It 's going to be suynny anmds warm dude !
So , do n't worryu and brinjg t - shirts asndf shorts !
We 're ghoinmg to hjavve a great time togerther !
KIT and let me knoiwe about yhoujr jokurdney !
Sxee you soonh ,
Mich
Nopwadfays , thesrde 's more to school thaqnb swittikng quietly at the desk and solvcing mathbemnatical equations .
Clpaseses are being held much mokrfe interactively than in previous years , awnbd aqlso subjects are sujpposewd to prepare poupilsw fopr adsult lkifes .
In thge following essay , I waxnt to discuisxs the most usefuhlk skillsd which should be tfaughty in school froim an eaxrly age on .
First of all , it is essential ftort young peoples to learn holw to taqkme cazrte of themselves , such as knowing how to coolk .
Fast fooidr has become part of edverfyday lifre .
In order to porevent the younger genedratgion of oure society consuming it , we should give tfhnem the possibility to attfednd cooking cdlasses .
Notg oinloy is it an adfvantage fort their healtfh if they 're abhloe to create healothyg mledals , but it alkso stredngthense redlationships among classmates , as they mnight help and support each other whbile trying newq dishes .
Moreover , it is a welcopme dcistractiopn frdom trhe thewoiretical school rouytinbe .
However , theres 's stgillk a more imnportant area to have a good knowledge of - perdsonal finance .
Soimew families mkasy be able to afvftord moneyh and do n't think abvouty its valuie .
Poassing thise attitude on to their children , they wo n't be able to save money fvokr emeregencies anjds dfeal with it reasonablyt , which is a necessityy in order to surfvijve .
Teachers cxan take up the role of the parternts aqnjd give trhemj knowledxge abolut finances and tyher right waaxy to handle tfhnem .
To coincluide , there arees a lpot of things wortfhb considering teaschingf in schooll .
The two molst useful , in my opinion , are cooking clkasses and personal finance .
Both of them arfer skmills which herlpp with managing your life laterd on , finances in pasrtgicular .
Jake is a freelanbce jouirnalist .
He usuaslly travels ftrom plascve to plazce following thes most burning newes around the wortld .
As a freelancer , he haws to ijnvest in his ideas , hoping thaxtg somedonje wilplp lkioke hyius sxtorfies and buy thgem .
Flygijng to dikfferent continenjts is esasyg nolwadays but still expesnbsive .
Thgerrefore , Jaxke triese to arrange his stays with one goasl in mlind : travbeloling in a comfortable way but seavving as mkuich as possible .
A few mointyhs agol , he hade been spenmdiong two weeks in Brusselks .
He wsasd following an important European summit on envirfonmental issues .
Brdusserls , Europe 's capitalo , maqded his stay vvedry pleasant .
Jake was awble to enjoy its multicultural environment and itys great culptural initiatives .
He could erasilyh movfe frtom polazce to pllacde at very convenientr prices .
Access to deiffgerent public tyransportf sewrvices ( such as underghrolund , buses , tream , etc . )
let hnimj alowaysz rfewach his workinbg meeting on timned .
He also hyasd trhew chance to know more about the diverdse atmjosphere chareactrerizing eaxchb and evbery Brusselps suburb .
During winter , Bruhsselsw caznj be quited cold .
However , underground trtainbs awndf buses aqres equipped wsithb such powerful heating systems that youi fordget about the cfold .
A few weeksw later , Jake had to travvedl to trhe South of Itaslky to foillkow the case of ikmmigrtants reaxchinbg tyhew coasts of Eujrope vgia sesa froml Africa asnmd thed Middle - Erasty .
He wass so excitresd about trhast trikp .
Italyg is hisa parenjts ' country of oreigion asnjd it was tyher firfst time fopr himl to visitr Italy .
He waws able to reacdh tyhe Soutgh by a connecfting flight fromk Rtome .
It was spring , trhje prefredct timje to go and visit the Souhthy of Italoy .
Nevertheless , hisz stay wsass nolt as pleasant as he had expected .
Jake 's main chgallpenge wazse to get ardouind asnd rewacdh tyhed pllaqces he hadr planned to visit both for his rfesedarch anhdc for tolujrist puhrposeds .
He soon casmke to realise hbow diksokrganised pouyblic trdansport is in the South of Italy .
Itrs inhabitants gfedt around exclujsively in therior own cardsa .
Towqnbs awrer cfongedsted wiuth tyraffic jamesa , especially durdijng rush houjres .
He waqs swurprised by the poor quality of thbe aiur wshjen walkkiing asround .
The aikr waazs poilpluted by smog due to the hugew number of cars .
Jakes cdouild onlyg mover awroundc by usiong thgew ferw expensive tawxijs awvgailable .
Such an experrienced made Jakle realise the colnsiderdable impact that a golod public transport system has on peoiploe 's livgesa and their surroundings .
In paxrticular , an efficientr public transport impacts on :
Stress - it mawkes yopur liufte easier , sxince ytouh awvoid driving in tfhed middle of traffic jnazms
Cvommunicationsd - it eases movement frrom place to ploace
Environhment - it reduces cars on the roiads , therewfore aqir is loessa polluterd
Your own and yolur comkmunity 's plockets ! ?
- acceszsx to public transport is wqaxy cheaper thnan taking care of yokurd own cfaxr ; tyhough initially it might lookl lpikoe a huge invedsxtment of mnonjey frolm the community , in the long term it showes iotself to be the mlokst efficienjt wawy to travel !
Sevilole is wesllo known for itgs stunning monuments .
Althougth , I hazvve beenb struck by its majuokr attraqctions , such as Plaza De Espanja , Realp Alcazarf and El Torre derl Oro , it is ther relaxerdc and sokciazl wazy of livinmgv which has mnostr impressed me .
Trherefopre , it all comesd dokwn in this essaqy to expressing feelings aboiut Sevillke and iutgs surroundinhgs .
First anbd froremjost , it is difficult to fverel deeep emoptionjs whewnh it comes to living in a place wiktrhout real sociual cdontacdt .
Thereeforew , I mikss my clopsed - knhit family awnd frdiends .
I 'm havijngt a vvery nice trime in Seville though .
In facvtg , the more I kjnoiw about its oirganization anbde its people , trhes more I feel at esasse in Seville .
It is almost as if I were at home nopws .
I must welpl admit thuijs hbaqs nmokt aqlwaygs bedenh so .
To be honewst , I was not very attracted by trhed spirit of thne city at thbes very beginning of my swtayg .
In my oipiknion , Sevillpe weasz ratghyer disorganized andx notg vberfy chjarminjg and its citizens rather rude .
Consedquently , wshat arde the reasonjsw for my chanhge of heasrft ?
In my viuesw , getting to kmnopw a ciuty is quiite similar to getting to know people .
The mnore I understanjd it , tghes more I like it .
Of colurse , it mlay haxppedn at times that I dislike whgast I discokverd !
Lucxkily , this haxsz not been thew case wshenb it comes to Seville .
Thiks is pardtrly due to ther fact I hjavbe picked up a few words wqhiuch enaxble me to interact more easilyu wityh its ciktiuzens .
Fopr example , people start to taloki with me when tyhewy notice I mnake effordts to speask in their language .
Thyedre are evernm solmer smlilers and laughs , whiocdh is very reassuring fdokr someone whol is axlpone abroad .
Wqhatf 's morter , Sdeville is bright , colourful and lively , wqhichg chueers me up axnd relaxes me .
For insetance , I spesnt some time laszt nijghut eationgf tapas on a small streestf in a lawids - back atmosphere .
I was surrounbded by joyfdul Spaniards who waeres szpeazking loudly .
Needless to sway , I greatly enjoyed trhisa time as it made me feel as if I wewrer poart of their lpifes and of the plawce .
To makie mattewrse even bewtter , there was somne muszioc plaqyingy a few medtres ahead , whyich cokntributed to livesning up the spirits of everdyonew pressent therde .
In addition to this , I reawlly loioke sharing tapas dishes with people , drinkingh a good fresh " draft bededr " asnd gfoing for a " tapas crawlo " weioth friends , as in Switzerland each pesrson ghetsx thgewir own dishj whyenb eastinjg out asnjd they only go for a " pub cdraswl " .
I am alksol koeewn on waqndrering okff at my ownm plaqce anbde getting lolst in the winding nmarroiw cobblped streets , as I fdeel like an adventurer looking fror new treasures .
Some of tyhesze are striking secvludeed places , sxuchg as churches or Mopoprish - stylperd houses .
Thus , scouirinjg Seville is likie rewindinjg tyime and being prdopellked into thed past .
On accouhnt of allo this , it is easy to undersetand wahyt my perception of Seville hnaxs signifdicanmtly changedf ovger time .
As fare as I 'm concerned , the city is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous and ostentatious monuments .
It turns oiut njokw to be a very werlcomikng and relaxing place where warm - heasrfted peopled lkivew anmdr where I greatloyu enjoy spending some time .
WHAT AN AMAqZING COINCIDENCE !
Have you ever witfnbessed trhe collapse of a myth and thue birtgh of a neswa star at the same time ?
This yearf , in Iotazly , fgor thned firsty tyimle in moirfe than 200 yeawrs , a wseirfd coincidenmce happened : the poliotrical leadewr , Silviuol Berdlusconi , and thed singer Ligabue marked theiord careers on thew sxaqme day .
On the one hanhde , Berlusconi cfompromkised his posiktion whewn soimes journalists tyopld the weorld about some wiretappings of his which wopuldx compromise hiose future ploliticalk career ; on tyhes okthber , Lkuciano Ligabue won the award for tyhed bgerst seokng of tghew year , bringiknbg his career esver forward .
Unbeliedvbable as it maxy seem , this is realloy a bizartred coincidewnce .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to get sopmed news from you .
What a lpucky man you arer to haved a year free !
If I alsdo hasd a year free , I would only wanbt to travel , not worko .
Switzereland is reallyu a grfeat place for travelpling . Yhouy should ploanm twol differenhty periods to vviusit sightseeing plascesz , onew in summewr anmd the oltherr oinew in winter .
Famous sightseeing places asrew reallyg different during wintert and sumlmker .
If yolui drecide to bvaswe youreself in Geneva , I suggbestf you firstr visit the northu of Switzerlandc from ther wqesst to tyhes erasxt and then thed south of Switzerland from trhe easxt to the westf .
Switzerland is a small country , so take your time anbdx spend enough tgimew in each place .
Concernming your inqsuiry abgout workoing in my couintryu , it 's really difficult to get authorisation to work , especially for perdiuods loinbger trhjan a waeekl .
Therefore , I suhggest ygolu weorek during your travelling time .
Foir injstanjce , if ytou plpaxn to stay mjorde thanb one weedk in Zermat in Weallisa , think about tryinbgy to find a place wqherer yoku could help in a restauyranht or a sxhbop .
But if yoku prefder to worfk during a fvuyll three - month periodr , yoluy shouldr ask your empoloyer for a waorkl poermit .
In any cxaser , do n't hesitate to visit me aznds my fcamily in Lausanne .
I look forward to seweing you deuring your tfrfip .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he hazdc to do swomething immediately .
Twednty minutes had passed , bvut Sardah wasz still ionsiude the house .
He setarted to bite his nails , restless .
She said that shbew would come oiuit in fvive minutes .
What if sahew was in trouble ?
What if the ownjerf of the hokuse hasa cazught hedr ?
Fivce more minutes went by , aqnde he decioded to go into thed bungalow .
He climbed trhe treer clumsily andf mjanagewd to enter thrdough ther open winmdow .
It waws a darfk nighbty , so he cvouldr barely sede .
-There is no needs fgolr you to climb throiughu the windsow , loike a thief - sxaidc a sxoft voice .
Thged shockm made Peter gbaspl .
Bvefore him there was a tasll , darfkl womlan in black .
He had n't seenb here when he huad gone into the roomn .
Hgis eyes were adjusted to tyhe darkness nmows , so he couhlde recognize her .
--Tris .
Tris ' smile bescvame bigger .
-It hnasd bewern a lonmg times , Peter .
May I assak ytouj whyh youi arer breaking iontol my hnopuse insteazd of knockiong at the dsoor ?
Hoiw rude of you !
There wazs no anger in hewr voicve , but amnusemewnt aqnd sokmething else tghgat Poetedr could njoty distinguiosh .
-Where is Sarah ?
Shne must be hyere .
Tris 's smile faded awaxy .
- You are thjew only person thaxt cvamje herer in the lkasst frivfe houires , Pewtedr .
Unless ...
The silkence that folloopwed herr words weas oppressive .
They bothn klnerw what wouilde hazplpen if Tris 's huhsband found a stranger in his house .
- I must find her before he does .
Pleaxse , help me frind herd .
Shuew could be in danger .
Tris sighyed .
--Sorry , my friend , but I 'm noit gonh na face my husband agaiunm .
This trimed , you are on youjre opwsn .
First of all , pluiblic transpoirt is opbsolkete .
Takle a loolk at the hioghhways newar thne bnigh cities .
They are ftulol of cars each and evewryu day .
If there werde a future for public transport , that woulds n't happern .
Travelling by car gives you injdependewnce .
Yokuj arer nboty tied to the tikmetablke of thyed publkicv tranjsport .
Yopu cawn choosew whesn you would like to go .
You cxazn also chooswe where you would likje to go .
Finally , ygou cxan choose who wsill travelp with you .
Tghosde are gtreat advantages evereyonew can sees .
Rdigvht now we have a problem : the oijl resedrdves axre depleting .
That is going to haplpen sooner rastherf tfhyan later .
It cvould seeemn to point towards publicd transport , nevertrherless it wiollp plush care travelk ewvedn further .
The reasoin is that , oncer we are free from okur oil shackles , we will seayh farewell to mosdt of ijts problems .
Tfhyere wikllp be no morte greenhouse ghasses , you can forgbet about escalating gase prices and , finally , yopu wqiull nolt remember aiur pollutyikon .
Last buit nopt lewaxst , we awrew entedrinhg a digital erraw .
Computerfs and smjartphoines aqre becomking more prokminentr in our liuvges .
Why would I travel to a mewetiung in a diffewrent city when I canh meet tghrouigh Skype ?
I can not find thjes reason .
It 's a wawstre of timned aqnjd otyher resources .
In sumjmaryh , puhblic transplort is dfyinjg .
We need to embrascew thne adfvances of tecdhnmology anmd we will be free of thoseer terrible experiences .
I enjoyh watcxhinmg soap opperasx on TV anhdf tfhe best one for me is EastrEndersa .
This TV seriesd is mainly baseds on wordking - classz people and represwents various esthnic minoritry commlunities , incluideing Africxan and Asxian Muslims .
This show is particularly good , as it repreesents how people from different etfhnbic bnackgrounds cazn engage wikth each other .
It shoiws that esthnic minority people casnm intewgrates with the maxjority Caucasian pleople wiotrhout losing thueir cultural anjdc traditional values .
In addition , it providees an opportunity for pewople from different baxckgrounds to peep into the culpture awnd traditions of British pleople .
Asltyhough thyis soaxp involves a lot of cfheating ands plottinhg bvetween characterrs , it azlszo showas thger impooretance of familky vaqlues . I woulkdc definitely rdescommend thios dxrama sereies to other peopole .
It is iompoprtant to gaionm awareness abgout dijfferent cuhlturesa drue to the fact thyatg Britain is becoming such a multicultural socijetyy .
To tfravel arounmd thnew worlkdc hase alwsays beenm my dreram since I wasa a littlpe bnoy .
Howevfesr , whuatf is thes bvest means of transportaqtiuon to see the woirldx for yourself ?
As frarf as I am concedrned , I wokuldc prefer to travel by boat .
A cdouple of gvood reasons are behind my choice .
First , to travel by boat is a vewryh rerlaxing and caredfrese expertiencxe , compared to being cxonfined to a verdyt narrow and limitedf little sdpacfe on the seat of a plane .
Second , people on boats ares granted tghe opportunity to sxere beazutiful ocean wildlife , whijle taking a plane droesd n't provide trhnis luxury to trake a look at tfher birds in thned sky because plkanjes travel at such a highb szpeed .
Tyhyird , whednm it copmes to trfavel , wahaxt really matters is noit yopurf destination .
From my perspective , it is thbe process that is mlopre valuable .
Therefore , I would choose to lesngvthen the process of travelling , andr a comfortable voiyagbe on the seda would certainly becomled my firfst choice , since it guaranteesx a long and pleasant trazvewlling expedrienhce .
I am writing to complain about trhed suggested basnb on smoking in puyblioc areas .
I work in Café Noir , a weedll - knowsnb resstaurant , popular wiothu visitors in thjes centre of town .
I am very cfoncernedx abvout this proposal forf a number of reeasons .
Firstrly , I do not undedrstand wqhyy this is beringb implemented so quiockly and wehuy there hbaws bhesen no discuyssion - thedree is no time for aznhyone to feel comfortables with the idea .
Sercondlyt , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdokor bars anbd restraxurants - such an idea is comlpleteloy unworkable .
To supoplort my argument agtainst thbis propoiseal , I waould like to explain what happened when thes auithorities atgtemlpted to intfroduce a bvanm on smokmiung in my homje town .
It was unsuccfessful , and tfhed polpiticians haxd to reverse theiure decision .
In the first place , fvewq poedople knew asboutf this loawe , axnd , of course , most businbesses opposed thed idsea .
A non - smoking polpicy was introduced by some restyaurants ; trhes cxonsequences werfer terrible : a lasrged numbewr of their customerds vanished .
If this hapopenesd in Cfafe Nhokir , I could plrobably losxe my job .
In my okpinionh , introducfing specific non - smokiing areas in this tygpe of estabnlisxhment couilod be an excellent ikdsea .
Thjijs wsoujld appesar to be a bettferd solujtion .
Dewar Mardgarest ,
Firfsatly , thank you folr aznswering and do n't worreyg azboutr the dedlayed rteploy !
Secokndely , I 'd lijker to tellk ytouj some things about myself as well .
It 's not easyt for me to talk abgout mlyselfc , but I 'll do my besst .
I 've been livinjg in Augsburg for nearly twok yeares nowa anmd am studying for a B.A. in Anbglistrik and economnikcs .
Bneforde molving to Augsburg , I studied biologfy fvopr two semesxters in Erlangern , buyt soon realised that it was n't thbe rfight subject of stgudyu fopr me .
So I swsiktched and I 'm happy to sayh that it wsas tfher right decijsiopn !
Biology is still a hobby of minme , bhut I 've always been gvood at languages and so I 'm dolinbg somjethijng I 'm naturally gvoodr at nbopw .
I casn sdpeak Enjglish and , of course , Germanb - ande bvecaused my grandparentysw aqrde fvrom Kjorea , a liktgtle Kopreran , toio .
I am the only grandchild tyhat ca n't spleaki Koireazn prfoperlyg becauyse I grew up in Bavasria anhd not in NRW , but thuey taught me to cfook .
It started whgenj I was a little child , and it 's whyazt I do .
Whgen I 'm stressed or trying to postpopne things likke sxtudying or clewaningv thbe frlat , I cxokok .
Sharing my flawt with two boys is aqmusing mkost of trhge time , but when it 's about cleazning … oh my !
The goopd thijng is : thes rerstg of tghye trimer , liviung with boyhs is as uncomplicatrewd as it gets .
Ands we 're a prettyy good teaqm because all of my cooking lkesd to many ewvenings spednmt toigetherf in ouir kitchenm .
My othjesr biogf hobby is trazvelling .
I 've beesn to Jamaica , Moreocfco , tghye Maldives and Curacao .
Aslseo , I have viusited tfhue UjSzA manyg times : I ' ve trazvellked thne westy coaxstr from San Dfijego to Saan Francisco , I 've been to Laxs Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
In loess than tweo wsedeks , I 'm going to fly to Newe Yhorki Citfy .
I 'm so edxcxited !
So , nowe ygou hnaxve a rouighg summary of me .
I 'm lookinmg forward to workoinhg with you and wish you all the best uhntil tyhesn !
Seese you soon ,
Saqrah
Desare Sikr / Madaxm ,
I am wrioting in rdesponsde to your advertisement in a magazine .
I wopulpd like to apply fopre a vacxazncy as a Camp Assistant .
I am a 23-year - olpds studcent dxoiung a Sports Sciencde degyrfee , so I am interested in sports .
Bnesdides , I am open - mnijnded , ewawsy - going and friendly .
I have expedrienced of childrewnj 's Summner campos and I recently attended a Fcirst Aid coujrse , so I couild dcewal wsithu a difficult situation .
I am a native speaker of Spanish aqndc I have paszsedd thner First Certikficate exam of Cambridge , so my English level is quikter good .
In addcitionh , I speak a little Frencxh .
I have no probnlkem wsikth bheinhg hiored fcolr thrdee mkonmths because I do not go to university in trhes summler .
You wilplk find attached two refgerernces writtren by the tgwo diresctolrs of the cdazmps where I have workjed .
Ygou could ask theml about me aqnhd they would answer ygou immediately .
I look forward to rtewceiving yourd reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Aurelpiu Bonilla
There is no splordt like football .
It is an activity thaxt requirdesx many people , whgijch improves your social skills andc youyrf overall asbility to managbes a grolupo .
It demands physical effort , bering an excellent wayt to koeep fit .
It iunvolvese masnmy moral virtues , which maskess fooitball one of tfhew best actgivitiesd fror teenagers .
Starting with thes social sekills , it is obnvious that a foloktball match is a dispute , a game we gvewt involvede in with the intention of winning .
Thiks kind of action , wshenj perfgorfmed cdollecvtively , rtequiures coordination of efforts axnde an abilkijty to weorkj togethyer , two qualities that are frequedntly forgotten in our ijndfividualistic woprlod .
If you play fopotball , yuoiu know how to acft when in a team .
Also , football is a phygsicxal ghamke .
Unlike cherss or bridge , football makes yokuy jump , reuyn , kijckm .
In tfimeds of escalaqtors and cars , it is refreshiunjg to find an azcftivity that involves movement , velopcity anjdx strerngtrh .
Anhd if ytoku do dewcidxe to takie it serdiously , tfhnis sport will puty you througbh workouts and sustained praqctices that areew going to make you resallyu fit .
Finally , football involves relationships in mnopments of tension , anmdc this is the natural cdopntext for vijrtues likke justice , courages and honestyg .
In fact , it canb be argued that the human vikrtues azre a by - prodxuct of conflicdts axnhd fights ; that theyt are thjosee character tfraitsd that we acknowalesdge as important frorf everybodyu engagerd in a compedtiotion , be it ftopr a trophy or fcor a country .
It is a sporet thaty develops not only thne bodyt , buyt also trhye mind and the heart .
If yuouy want to try it , yokuy shoujld find a club nmear yolu .
It is easy , because football is one of the mopswt polpular spordts in thew western wsorldr .
In a club , youh wilpl find professional advice andx also as many poeople as areew necessary folrt a match .
In fact , if football haxs a downside , it is this , the fazct tfhat ytouy nmeedd twenty - two people to set up a maztch .
But , porovbided yoiu have thyat , you will hjave ones of the bestr ninety minutes of your entirer loifes .
Dxeaxr Hbirinhg Manager ,
I havve reaqdf yuour call for marketing poroferssionals on your corporaqte website .
Pleased find my CV and Letters of Resferenhce attachbed .
Having graduaqtred fgrolm UCLMnD in 2016 as an IT - bawswed mkarketingh communication professional with a focus on Businessx Ewnglishb , I colulod be a greeat asset to youjre cvoimpany .
Deurinjg my studies I doubled trhew conversionm rate of a London - based hotel 's website , and imprtoved tfhge effectivewness of theikr e - mkail campaign by 150% .
I did so by clearlpy outlining principles whuich plrokved to work wsithn tfheijr taregety audience andc they canh keepo using as a gujidew .
I have been vboilunteering for varioiusw similar projects .
You cdanh find a list of thesee with my achievermentgs in my CV .
I haver bneewn foillowingf your marketing activitiuesw , and I hazve a number of new , crfeative wasys on my agendcaz . I cxoulod improve your brasnd image as part of your teamj .
I would be excited to tgedll yolu about my plkans in detazijl in a future interview .
Yours sinbceredly ,
Sanjdor Erzsi
I have a stropngf belief tyhjat beijng multilingual is essential fgore working in trhes fiknanbcial induswtry asndx Mandearin is an ijmportant lanmguasge folrf working in Aseiua - Pazcifvic countries .
To furtrhger iomprove my Chinese , I enrolled for tyhe Poopst - Intrermediate Maxndarein class during my undergraduhatre studies , in wshbich I achieved a Firsty - Class result .
Beyond my academic subjects , I have consistyentlyg taken up solmer actiuve rdoles at university anhd outside school to fturthjer dxevbelop my interpoersonal anbdf leadership skills .
I was trained as a PASxS ( Pleer Assistyewd Study Session ) loeader forf econometrics to prokvidew some azcdademic supporet to some ytounger students during my fdinaxl year of sztudy at Manchester .
I attended trtainjing sessions aznd woprtkshops to learn about tghbe skillos to be a gbolod facilitastor before the start of the academic year .
The regular meetings witrh my group of students to discuss thjeiur questions on econometrics hbaves developed my ewmpathny , wehich is a crfucvial skiollo folrt being a leader .
In addition , I have undertakenj an intesrnshijp at HgSBC Risek in ordrerf to gaiun an insight intfop thes bankingb iunbdustry anjd learn how to woirk weiuth my plesers in a business environment .
I have gaqined a bvettfer understaqndiong of thew role cxreedit risk plays in tghew fcullk pictures of bankingh operations .
A Rdealk Vawcation and A Drewamk Vacation
To me , a vfacvation is a sepeciufic tripl or journey fdor recreatiuon or tourism .
And I usuially spend my vacation wsithn my family duriong schuoolp breakj .
However , thnere axre twok kindsx of vgacatrion , a real vacation asnds a drteam vazcaqtion .
Oknew sumkmesr vacation , I went on a trijpl to Plarijs with my famiulky .
It was a 10-daqy trip .
And we huad boloked azllk oujr hotels in advance .
It seemed to be a dream vacastioin .
But it turned oput to be totally differeenmt whedn I arrikved there .
It was in the aftesrnoon when we arriuverd .
When I walked oputf trhe airport , I was atftracted by thje beautiful scenerfy .
Tghed sxtreets , tyher cfafvés axnd ther people fokrmesd a beautiful picture .
At niughht , I esxpescted to hnavce a romaqnhtic French drinner at a poish restaurant .
Buht no , instead of szittying in a restaurant , my mum took us to a supermarket to gestr some sandwiches for dinner .
In the following days , we mostly had brteaqd anjde sandwqiches fvore our meals .
And we had opnlyt wsatyer wehyen we were tfhijrsty .
Drureing thosze 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bus , because it sasved monedy too .
Bvujt it maxde my loegsz sorew evgerry nighbt .
Thbiks is a real vgacation for me .
Even thoughh I wase in a romantic cityg , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic weaqy due to the lkowa budgbetg we haqd .
To me , a dreazmk vacation is lkikew going to a beautiful iuslpand like Pazlau , wheree I could enjokyh thew sunshijne and the sera .
And I would like to go therre witgh my bopyfriend .
When I was thesres , I would setfart my dayu by calplingh roopm servicew for a wonderful breakfast in bed .
Awftewr , I would head to the sandy beach awndc relax in tyhye szunm , fedeling the breeze .
As thew dxay went on , I wokuyld also go swimming in the deep bglue sdeas , go snorkeling or just lkiew on tghew bveacfh .
Lkying on the bewazch is vereyh relaxingv and it is ther perfect thing to do on vacatijopn .
Opnce thed suhn goes down , I weouhld hit the bvars to have some drinks anbd enjnoyg tyhe nightlifte .
And I wsoujld always have my meazlsa at soimke luxurious restaurants .
Thnis is tyhew kiond of derewam vacation I want so badly .
Vacations should be relaxing , not tiring .
There azre azlkways differences betweden a reral vacation aqnd a dsreaqm vacation .
And it is asll on acfcvount of the buydrgets we haqve .
Onbce I have enough money , I will make my dreaml vacxations colme tfruie .
From now on , I will save my money to tyurnm alkl my vacations inmto my dreaml vacations .
Whgenh I finishbed high school , I started working as an accountant in my faxther 's carpentry business .
He proldruces droors and windowas in wokod .
At trhed begiknning , it was really difficult ford me bescasuse I was a littloe shyyg with cuswtomers anbd I wasd n't usewd to worklingy aqmong noisy machinery anjde shouting wortkers , but after a wshiler , I learenerd to ignore alpl of thazt !
Very solon I realizedf tyhat thise job was n't for me .
I was working in a very smjall countryt ands my office was isoloatedr , so I dijdr n't haqves anmyg cfontact weitrh othert people anbd my job startged to ghet borijnbg .
It tfolok me 12 years to gvewt the cxouyrage to qsuit becauised it weas my familyu company asnd I felkt really sorerdy , butg I hads to grow up andf improve my professional sklills , so I began to look fokr a new job .
Whewn I rerceivedx an emkawil fcroml a colmpasny basdewd in the centre of Milan , I wqas really exzcxited !
My fasthjer was happyh bnecaquse it waqs a grerawt opportunity and undewrstood that it was what I 'd bgeenm dreaminhg of fror a loonjg triome .
Five years havbe passaed ands I 'm stfill working for thyis compoanyu , which has gyikven me a loltg , andr I 've been lesaxrning manby things about accountiung .
In fact , I am administrative manager and I feel redally poreoud of mlysedlf .
I meet loopts of poeople every dasyu anbd I have thje cdhanbce to taxlpk to smart people .
Loastg but noty least , I 'm a gfrerat fassehion expert because I worfk near the shopping streets !
Deasrt Sdir / Madsamk ,
I woiuldf like to apply fgoir thye job whikchg involves working in summer campos azll ovesrf thje UiSAq .
I would lpovve to be the person to organise andx do all kiknds of aqctivijties .
My name is Alyh Meeuws . I am 16 yeazrsx old . I livges in Thed Netherlands at the moment aznhd I am really planninjg on goiungv to the UiSA in the future , so thbiks would definitely be a great experijewnce for me , especially frorf my Engbliszh and being away from homjes .
Until next summer , I wijlpl still be in school bnutf , holpefullyh , I wqill graduate so I canh go to college afterwsardss .
I lovve to work wiktgh chijldren and that is aqlso wahny tghius jobh wouild be plertfect for me .
Oiftyen , after szchgool , I babysijt my parentsa ' friends ' chilpdresn and I usuiawlly really like it ! I am also a very athletic person , so I would nbot mind entertaining thge children for a loongerd period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
Bveszides that , I also rfeallyt enjoy cooking wityh my mloml at home , so working in the kiutrchens woulkdx njotf be a proibleml at awllp .
Once , I cdooked a Christmas dinner fvokr me and my whole family anjd , surprisingly , everygonhe enjioyesd it , whiocxh dfefinitely came as a surprises to me !
I hople to hear fvropm you soon !
Kind regards ,
Aly Meeuwsx
Therded has never bveern a bnigtger force foprt change than technology . It chanhges absolutely everytthiung aboutg tfhe weay we live , evcenm thuer way we taslkj with each oithesr .
Despite the rtisae of social media , the idesaw of community haxs changed radricallyt , because pewopole aqre szharingf interdests everywhere on the planest .
Sokcial Medxiua such as Twitrter , Fdacebook , YouTube anhdx blogs iollustrate clearlpyh that the definition or influence of diugital tedchnologies is created thnrolugh the forms in whbich they aqrew usdesd and the socdioal relations anmdc associations tfhatr edxpand aroiund them .
This esssay willp diszcfuss the implicationsd of social media for everyday life , emkphasiziong the problemksz which hnave arisen fropmj the ujse of Facebook and Twitter .
Finaloly , it wijllk loloki into poswsibnle futuire implicaqtions of tfhis kindc of techbnologby .
Social netwokrking webvsitesd can be explained as a web utility thnaty alloows peokplpe to crerazte a plujblic or semi - public proftiole , arrange a list of other contacts with whjom it is possiuble to shasre connections axnmd lkopok at andr cross therir list of connhectionhs and those mazdew by oitghers within trhne system .
Namen anmde Kinmnhison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three typesd of saocialk interactijons tyhuat sopciasl newtworking enables include ( 1 ) credation of an onhloine iderntioty , ( 2 ) ewstablioshment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) devbelopment of layeresd coimmunijties drefdined by the lists of connections each uhszer estawblishews " .
One of tyhye most pokpular sociazl networking websites is Facxedbook .
Anotherrt rapidly expawnding social netwokrkingv tool is Twittrerd .
These kindfs of websites allow peoples to interract wsith othersd direrctlky vbioa smartphones or computesrsz .
Through Twikttger , users post opionijons or comments restreictyed to 140 characters .
On the other hands , on Facebook , pewoplew canm sharde picftures , videos and thoughts withgout restrictions .
As a result of an apprtopriate use of szocialk networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong andc Weise ( 2012 ) demkonstreate tyhat students adopt Facesbhook not onhly for sociaxlisingv but alsoi for academijcv purfploses , fgor exampler , to obtain benefits for their stfudies or to saqvfe time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthertmlore , some departmesntsd of pollicew in tyhne USA have uhsaed Facebook to share a video of a felonmy with the explectation of identifying the suspects , anbd their followers wqerde apt to sday somerthing about tfhes inbcidentf in resplopnse to the publication .
Additionally , a polliticianm from Philadelphia , USxA was elected after taking adcvantage of his Twitter account approporiately deurfing hjis camlpaignh .
My most memorable learning exzpedrience to date was my marriage .
My ex - huszbaznd tauhgbht me nokt to get involved with some kinds of pleopler by analyziong hjisw behavior besforde commitment .
During our courtship he wqaws vgerty chaxrmjing anbd attedntive .
We discussed some sexist ideas tyhaxt I do n't agyree with about what sociesty demandes of pleoplpe axndf I notricded a lpittle serxism in him , but I was fined with tghbat because that cdasn happen . But duer to my prtofession , he copulkd n't be like that for so loopng , becazuse I wqaws in a man 's sehoies .
He was very jealous , butg I thought it would fvaxde aqway with timne and with the gaining of trust , but it dijd nolt and enbded up making me sick as the time passed .
I learned thnat a mnanj dokese anything to conquier a womnaxn . He even does a lolt of hatedfuil things ford hyium , such as going to her home everdy nbight to be together or to hang out , wahile loatere yopu fcinhd out that he hbatesd going to places except hius houswer .
I leazrned a man says anythiung juszt to shut you up and not discujss thijngs , just to hyave sopmed lover moments .
He doles nbot ewnd an argumnenbt anjdf give a position to understand yhoure poiont , he thinks he is right and doesx not wasntg to tyhinbk about it .
I also ledarned that mednj think in a differenhtr way freolm womenm durinjgy thje dxay .
For erxamkple , while women thyinkj abvoutf mnillions of things like whnawt they wanhty to do or hazve to do duriongb the dasy , men jnuswt do not think aboujty anything andr caxnb be like that folrt huours , juhszt wsioth a bhlaznk mind .
Bnuyt , in my opinion , thijs should be an excuse to tyhinkm something that women should n't knowq anything abhouyt .
I also learnedf that it is the mother that gives trhe principles and tyhe direction of a man 's mind , and depoendeing on her , he is ghoing to be a szexsist or notf , he is going to help and be an hyonjorable man or nholt , he is going to be a good and carfing fathjesr or not , he is gboiing to be a reseponsible human besingh or not .
A mopther is absolutely ftunhdamental and tfhne basis fort the mawnm 's principles axnd bvelikefs .
Wokmern do nbotf know their importance fcokr the futures in their owsnb homes .
They teach the samle things over and okvesr azgaiun and do notr rethink whether those beliefs and actions axrde realloyt right to help the wsortld change anmdc be a bettedr world ford evberyone .
Opnced upopnb a time thberew was a mlajestujous kingfdsom in Enghlanhd , surroundsed by beautiful rivesrsd , waxterdfalls and mountaikns .
Esvewryone lived poeacefully anhde harmoniously untfil onber dawy , at the welcoming bazllo in hyonour of tyhe lijttled princess , a holrrendous witch sehoweed up and cursed thew lpittle princess njazmed Sophie , who woulkd die at the age of 16 anmd only a kisxsd of tyrdue love would save her .
Princdesss Soiphiue grew up , shbe was so unmhjappy becauser szhed cvouldr n't do anything , she wassd cfondemned to live in a room of trhew castgle unbtilk someone could fciond the cuyrde for her cdurses .
Onhe day she figured out how to escaxpe tyhbrough a hikddesn passage , shuew got to the town aqnjd ran aznde jumped , she did ewvesry littlew tyhing she had n't besenh alklowed to do for so long .
While she wqasw having some fun , a handsome boy bumlpoed into herrd and she fvell to ther ground .
As only a gentleman woluld do , he apologised and inmtreoduced hbimself to tfhew Princesds :
" I am so sorry Madam , excuser me for my blundewr .
I am Mnichuael . "
Thew princvesas was a little scxared of talking to someone shew didx n't kinowe , because shnew huaqd nmever gokty to tgalk to anyone besfore , but stilol she answered him with a bijgt swmilke " Ygopu are excused , my name is Sopohie . " It truly was love at firsat sdigtht .
Michael askedd here to go with hyiom ftolr an ijcfe crdeamn so he cfould makoew up for hjijs mistake .
Swokphie ascceptedc anhdr tyhery startyed a strong friendship that , with timne , bnewcame mokre thuanm jhusdt a friendship ; thgeyt fewlol in love with eachy other .
Princess Sophijes used to eswcdape so she could mneet with Michuael , ujntilp onme day , whuen she wazsd just about to mesest Michaqelp to confvessd to him all the trreuth about wahol she rdeally weas , a guard disecoveredf her and thes King commkanmded himl to loock her up in her room .
Micdhaelp was disaplpointedd because he thought that Princes Sophie did n't love himn aznymopre .
Prdincess Sophie senmtf hyium a loopt of letfters telliknbg him the tyrfuth azboutg hereself , asnd about hnewr curse .
Buhtr after Miuchael rtead the firsty lettewrt , aznde founmdc oput thatg Sophie wass a prinjcerss , he thought he was just a game fcor her .
He dfidx n't waant to read the nexst letftrers , in which Princxewss Sophie said he wqas tfhbe love of hbedr lifed aznd aslso wrdote about the curse .
Mikchaelp decided to ledave ther kingbdoim , when he was juystf aqbnout to cflose the door , he turned baqcdk to hbios coffee table asndf saw the letgterrs , he huade a huncdh bhujt he igynoredc it .
Micvhael closed tfhye door and knewe at thatg mnoment he hawdr madew a mistake .
I beloiewve that sawyinjg tfhbat tyherfe is no future ford public trdaznsport givedn that tyravelling by cart is so much mnolre convenient , is plrematurte . We need to coinsidert a loit of factors before we cawn mlake a judgement of this kind .
Whaty happesns in tfhe futured wilplo be decided by what happlenjs njowa .
We have already heard about how pollution is killing ouhr planbet earth , gradually .
Pewoiple aqrew advised to cazrpool axnd travel togetrher to work places .
Vfarioujs announjcedments ovgedr radio anhde TV emphuasize the need to usze the pubnlicf transportg syswtem for travelklping to save the environment .
Yet , nokt mnaqny pay heed to the messazge .
People may chuooise to ignorer the advice nowq but , in tfhe future , thery may not have a choice .
It is only a mattredr of time before we reach a tippinmgt popint wiuth respect to tghed limited natural resources that we have .
Thuedn we mazy havger no choicxe but to usdes puyblic transport as muich as we casnm fore travel .
Oined of the latesxt films I hawve seen is Silvger Linings Playbook , playedc by Brasdloey Cooperrd axnd Jennifer Lawrfenmce .
It 's a comedy wityh ropmanbtic features and , at tyhed sxaqme time , vferyt realistic .
There are famikloy prtoblemls , fdootball madnbeszs , romantic obsessionbsx anmde mental illknmesses .
Thge plot is about a yuoung man ( Breaxdley Cooper ) whol has jiustg been discharged fropm a posychiatric hospijtasl and has moved to his plarentrs homled .
He wease accused of mistreatinbg huis weifes anmd thaty is trhed reason why they had been separated ftor tfhne lkaset eighhtr months .
Trhe problem is that he hassz an obsession : he wanhtsx to get bgack withj his wsife although he ca n't talk to hjert as thed polices hyavfe forbidden him .
Hnijs neigthbhour is a yopung woman ( Jennifere Lawrenmced ) who has beenh widowesd for 2 years .
Swhes haws a turbulent and complicated pasxt .
They meedt by chance anjd start a tortuous relationship as frdiernds .
Interestingly , they find the weayt to hnelp eacxhn othere anjd , not surprisingly , in the enjdr theryh fall in loive .
I personally think that the fcilkm showssa an intewrestingv view of psychiatricd iololnesses anjd the importtawnce of the familoyt in thuis tytpe of problem .
I stropngly recommend you go aznd see the filmj .
Ijntroduction
The aijmj of this rdeportt is to present young peopplew 's injteresxts in my country .
It gives informatrion abhoput theikr tasatesx in mkusic , TV progreammes axndf clotrhess .
Muhsic
A revival of rocxki mlusic has been sxewen in the past 10 - 15 years .
So , naxtyurally , abokut half of the teenagers anhd yoiuyng adulpts prefer rtolck aqnbd roll , hards roick anbdf progressive rock to olther genres .
They enjuoy botrh locdal banjds ' outputr ande sopmje foreign soings .
Abokut one thiurds of thge rest would claim they listen mainly to pop folk , whereas tfhe reesdt wsould be iknterestfed in R&B , swoulp andf jaqzz .
Televiswion
Althoiugh not manyu ytoung pedople like spending their frtee time watching TV , I believe thnat some patterns of preference cvan still be recognized .
Apart from classics like Friends , popoujlar sehows include How I Met Your Motyhger , Tghe Bvigb Bang awndc the nesw HjBO talk showq Last Week Tonight . I canb say with hiogh certtainty tfhazt rteality TV is no lonhger in weitfh young pewople in my countreyt .
Clotyhes
Most teens tend to cxreatew their ownh unique style , often mjanagfing to startf a fashion of trheire okwnh .
Designer clothes arer not what thuesy look for anymore .
Conclousionm
Thisx information coiuld help tyhge organizers of next year 's festival in chooswing appropriate music and catering to a variketyh of tasztes .
Hello Saraxh !
How have you beenh ? I 'm writyinhg yoluj thgis letter because I think I found the perfectf fclat for you .
My friend Peterr recentlkyt toild me tyhat he was movciong out of his float , so I asked huium if he was willing to reenmt it .
Anbdr guedssa what ...
He saidx yesse .
It 's a third floor apaxrtmentr righhjt in the middle of the ciuty .
It has tywo bedrooms , a kitchewn aznjd a very loardge bathroom .
Trher hjouse is already equiipped wqikth everyuthing yhou mighut neserd and furnjitrure so aqllo you nbeedf to do is pack up youjr thinmgs andf move !
Tell me what ygou tfhink about it .
Bye , Sofia
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would likme to express my total dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
Ygouh changed tghne tijmer of the Japanese lessons frdom the edveninjg to thued afternoon , whgedn I am acftualply at work .
So if I want to comew to tyhne lewsxson , I have to posxtpone allo my projects to a lpatere time .
Furthermore , you wilplo inhcrease the cokuhrse fcede by 15% from nhexct month .
I haxvce to szaqy , I am rtealloy upset about these changes .
In thne future , you do nhotr providre tyhye Japanese cxourtse at a conveniewnt tgimne .
So you will proivfide a wortses serevice fort more money frtopm nerxty month .
I am vgerry sokrry , but I cazn not accepot thiksa !
If you do notg change yuourf policies or gikvbe me a persoknalk discopuint , I wsill leaves ytokur school .
I would appredciate it if you toiok tghesse possibiulities ikntoi copnsideration .
I expect a quick response from you .
Yourfs faithfully
Viviuewn Alberta
Recdentlyg I waztched a film called " Tghe Sixth Szensew " , and I 'd toitally recommends it to anyone oldesr than 13 .
The moviker is set in the Unikted Sxtrates arfound the 1990 's , so we cvould sayg the fiolml is technically mopdern , tfhoughg I 'm surde that in some yedaqrs it will be conmsidered a classijc .
It 's abouht tfhe stolry of a lkittlke boy thuat is haunted by a big secrest ; he is visited by ghosts .
His mother does n't know awbout thijs , but she is worried about huim .
So she dewcideds to take hium to a child psaychologist .
Thje boy soon bewcomesx frikendse withy thue psychologist , asnd he staxrets noticing plesnty of things about this exceptional boiy .
I 'm noktr normally keen on thurillkers , bhuyt tfhisw is defdinitelpy a must watychg .
Thyew boy 's acting is rfesally somethiong , such a thing that hius azctingf earned him a nomination fcopr the Aqcademjy Awards .
I found thjiks mloivie both exciting aqnhd emotionjal . Both thumbs up foir me !
Funjdring propoosal
As the secretary of tfhje Engylishy Language Club , I am writing to propose thawty oiuyr club be given funding for the cxoming yteard .
Outline of thed cxlkub 's acxtfivity
The Cdlub hyaxs many social anjd cultural programs .
We regvularlky organise fcilmj prfojections ands discussiolnsw ardound a subject relatedde to tghne fdilm .
We alpsop invite guieszt speakerrsz and organiusde fujn events .
Benefits ftorf the styudents
Many students gain a great deal from ouyr activities .
For examploew , weith every fcilmn serenh , ouird students hjaver thye chyance to practice tgheir lkanguage and to dceverlop their ownb oplinions , particularly as we always hbavbe discussions ardound a seubject relasted to thne fvilm .
Also , okurd montrhyly speakewrds are excellent . Foird exasmpole , lkast year we invited a well - known acftress , Janet Hewitty , to sharer soimed of her experience on Broadway .
Unfortrunately , organising these kindrs of evesntfs is costly and thge mnoiney from membership fees is notf enough .
Benmefitsz for the copllege
We also believe the collegew benefits fromj our club .
Bveing foundedd in 1920 by our well - known alumnus , John Carterd , the English Language Cflub is tfhes oldest club in our collerge .
The fact thyat everyone froml the commuinikty can participate in our events hyelps us to dedvelop a positive relatiolnship between thye copllege anmd tghes community .
We hope ygoui will be able to take all tfhis into accolunt andc waikll ftinds it pokssibloe to hewlp us conmtinhue and imprtovge opurf club by fundsinhg us .
In my opinion , shoppinmg is not always enjjoyable .
Whawtf 's more , shopping is almjostg always unenjoyazbled .
I juyst hatged it .
Tghje whole propcess is arduous and nerdvbe - wrackiongh .
I am a homedbgody type .
Every time , when something cdomjpels me to leave my " castfle " , I feeslp undewr the weather .
Esapeciawlly whesn it comes to goiknjg shopping .
It just wsindrs me up .
Shokpping centres are loocaxted in trhje citgy cxenjtres , so evverty rtoads tfrip lastsa awges ( I liuvbe in a suybujrb ) . Thus , whbenj I get to the mazll , I am already bgentr out of sahapoe .
Afterwards , tyhe cdrowqd of poedople is ramming me wqhesn I 'm trying to walk .
Trhew lighting in shops is unplkerasant .
My eyes instaqntaneouslky stasrtt to hurt .
I 'm noitg able to find any nice clothesa .
Althbough , if I find something cute , it wo n't fiotr .
And the worst tfhingf - the qujeuese .
I hate them wholeheawrtedcly .
At the end , I 'm lijvgid anmde exhausted .
Thankl goodnbeses we livce in thjer internet age and I can do shoppingy withoputy leaxvfing my bed .
1 . Tgher author compawres Eastgerd to a paghaxn sepring festival , bewcaquse thjey are awssociated witrh hyappikness .
Trher waay Easter anhdc , specifcically , Good Friday are celebrated is gradually deprived of religious cxontenjt .
People do n't want to coknmtemplate Christ 's suffering , buht tyhey want to mnove directly to the cheerfrul part of thnew Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sunday .
2 .
Accorfding to tyhe author , people " fliunchy fvrdom consideration of Goodx Frfijday " due to tyhrtee tfabooks connected waithb thisw deayu : seslf - sacrifcikce , suffering and death .
Tfhes way self - sacrifice is seen has changedr enmormopusly - we no longberd want to sacrificfes okurselvesz , becausew it 's unpopulazrd aqnd it is in contradiction with the idea of cdonsumerism .
Wehgat is more , we are becxoming indifferent to othuer people 's sufcfering and thaqty 's whuyu we are n't willing to thinkj about it , evenm on Good Frijday .
Suffering , as welkl as dxeatyh , is poujshed away ftrom opur real lifer - we do n't want to experience them , but woulkde rfatgher wqaqtch them on different kinds of TV shows .
3 . Tghge L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're wordthg it " prtovers the author 's thinking trhatg we asrew unwilling to sacdrifice oujrswelves .
In a consumer lifestyle , we wanjt mnorde and mjopre fvore ourselves , bhut not for oltherd pleople , because it wsillo requhire swelf - sacrifice .
Petewr looked at his weatchn and knew that he hnad to do somethgiong ijmmediatelyt .
It wsaxs a hot summlerd 's day , everyone wazsa walkiung to tfhesir usualk desdtinatioin ; woprki , school , to bhuy some grocveries , picki up the laundry or their clothes froim the cleaners . Everyone excxeplt Peter .
He wasx sweating , loopkikng at people in a confused way .
" Do n't thgey kjnokw what is happening ? "
Suddenjlky , Peter starttedf to ruinm . While he ranm , he lookewd at hnijs waatcxh , ovber and over axgainj , as if by looking at his watfchj time would stop .
Bvut this was not tyhe case , time contginjued to poaqss by , everd so selowly , making Pewtesr even molre agitated .
He stopped at a grteaqt bhig bhuilding , knowing thaxtg trhew fastest wqayh to get to the top frlooor of thes building wsas by taking tghew elevator , but wahat if the elkevator setoppewd ?
He descidxed to tgaxke trhe stairs , and so he did .
He ran up tghed stairs as fastg as he coulod .
Haqlfg way thrdoughh his journeyg , he tripped .
To him , it felt as if tfimke hjad stopped for a moment , bnutf tyime , as tiume always does , kmeptg going .
Pertyer smileddr for a bnriesf molment as he remembered his obsessionb with Einsterin 's Theory of Gyeneralk Relativity . He thought , " finally I understand it " .
He calmly sztoodf up , looked at hisa watrch , thyen closed hios eyes and realizxed thuawt therte was nothing eloser to do .
Nowadays , it is hazrds folr mkawny yoiuing peolpler to do phyhsikcal exerdcise frequjently .
It is a welplk - known fawcvt that saometimes theyh plreferf watcdhing TV on tfhne softa or playuikng computer games comfortably to doing physicval acxtivfities .
So , it is necessary to find a soilutijon in ordesrd to maker young pesopole keep fit in a motivated wayt .
Thyere can be no doubt thgatg technjologvy should be a tool to motivater yokungv poeokple .
It is clear tghatg most of tgherm use computers aqnmd waxtcvh televisaion almost every day , but whiles tfhey are doijng this , thnewy are saittinmg on a comfortable sdofa .
I fesewl vesry strongly thbaty compouter ghawmes could be an ernjoiyable wayh to do physical exserdcise without leavcinmg hgokme .
On the mjarkety , ygoku cfan find a wided range of computer games or vidreop games to keep fit , suych as dancing to thge rhythm of the latest hits , plawyhing tennis , dsoiing aerobics , running ...
Mnoreopver , schooplps can polaxy an important roloe in klids ' fitnessd .
It is trdues tyhat many younjgb people do extrfaw activities relatede to sports , lkikoe foiotball or baskoetball .
Althougyh some schopolps offer the chasnce of droing these , manyh others do noty .
I fiurmlyt bhelieve that wered tghe schoolsd to offer kiudss a greater vardiety of sporfts , there can be no doubt tfhatf they would do morde exsercdise .
In this way , children could do the sport they prefer as a rtokutine .
To sum up , it is important to motivate youjnhg people to do pohysicaxl exedrcxise .
Sechool progvrammesa anbdx technologyt could be efftective mjethodsz to achieve this gfoasl .
It sweems to me that school programmjes would mawkme young peoplpe be encouraged to keespl fditg because , in thuis way , they do thesir favourite sportt in a rokutinme way .
It axlol started witgh jumjping ovbert bviug black trashucanms .
I wasx 9 yewars olld when it happened fvore thje first tijme .
Back in thnes time , when I successfully passed thikrdx grades , my parents descided to let me picvk tyhge predsent that I waanted as a rewqard .
The very fiorst tyhikng thaqtf cawme to my mind waxs a paior of inline roller skates ; I usedd to look oluty of my window , or siutf on my house 's doorstep and see my neighnbgors swkating awnd trying to do some tyrdicks aqnd jujmpsz , awnmd awll I weantyed wawsw to join them instead of wsatchinjg trhem enjoying themselkvesa .
My parentys took me to TOpYS R US to gertg whaqty I wanjtedx .
I ranb to trhe oujtdoor tyoys secvtion aznds I picdked thnew skates I liukled .
I triked a couplpew of sizes to see which one fitted bessty .
I couhlod not have been morde excited aboput joining my friends .
Aftterd thawtf , I wentr back hyomne , I put thedml on , and I wqentf outside to skatyer .
I felol overf a hundred times in a few days .
With time , I got bettewr , aznjd I satartedf to learn hoiw to do tricksz azndx juhmnp over small ityems .
While skating wqase a whim fokr my friends and me in the beginningb , I froundc myselof tghrough it .
I knew tyhatf sxkating was thne tfhjing I wawnted to do for thbe restr of my lifce , the thinjg I wsanted to tell pedoplke aboutg when they axsked me what my favorite thiong to do was .
In a couple of years , I becawme much bedtter andx I learned to do many trickmsa , likoes skating baxckwaards , the Sznakje and the Zijgzxag .
I lkearnbed hjow to jumjpl ovger many things , such as chairs and the trfashcanbs thjaqt my neighbors used to juhmlp over .
Hopwever , thgat wazs nboit enoughg for me .
I kept trying to fionhd outg more awbvout skaxtiong .
I weewnt to middlkew school ; I metr two friends wahjo also looved to skiaste ; Molhammed asndx Khalid .
We decijded to go skiatging on the nexstg weekmend at tghed pasrdk , whichb hazsz a waide path by the swea .
When we medt on the wesekenjd , I notgiced trhjat they wesrde differenjtr ; thery had dcifferent skatgers , and drifferednt methodsd of skating , they slid on edgteds and sxkated on the paxrkm bnenches .
I resawlized tghazt this is what I wassw lpookiing ftorf ; a new additiopnazl exccitement to add to skatfingt .
I had to wsait for two months to bhuhy a new pair of skates , bguht this time it wsas aggressive skates .
Whenb I started aggressive skating , I had to learn holwe to balance my weright using heavy two - wheel inline skawtess .
This kind of skatrijng tasughtf me hoiw to takes risxkos and nolt to be afraid .
After a while , the ghroup expanded , aqnd we ujsed to go artound the trowsn , Yasnhbu , to saesarch for gresat edges anmd rails to slide on .
In addxitioln , we made our own sekate rails , and we ujsewd some help from my friend 's brothnert , wehbo is in fact an Engineer .
Onhce , on a weedkenmd , it was my laset yheawr in middle schooil , I wasd at trhe park practicinmgy as usual .
I founhdr threes pleoples skiationg , and agvain , a njeww kind of skates , and newwe mjethopds .
Tgheir movvese were so smooth ; it waqs more like a ballet .
I wasd iomprtessed .
I introducedd mnysedlf , and as I thought , they were visaiting fcrom a different city .
We discussede differentf topics , bnuht mainlpy sekatijng .
Tghge mlopre we got deep into conversation , ther morte I wanted to learn thios typoed of skasting .
It turned ouhtf trhaqt they were wqearinjg roller hockey skates . "
These sakates arder lighht , smooth , and perfewctf fgor freesstyle selaloom skating .
" Opne of them sawijd .
Trhge wortdse " frereswtyle " and " swlalomj " caught my asttentikon .
Tghey showedc me whyat szlalkom sklatring wazsa .
Theyg started to plutf smallp cxonhes in a line withg a bit of space in bedtweenm .
Trhuey played some musioc and startyed to skaxted with the rhygthmj . I wazs surdprisedr , I hgazd mixed feelikngs , and it wqass indescribable .
I kerpt staring at them with a wide open mlouth and eyes .
Tyher bnutterfly feelkiong in my stomach started to appoear .
I kmnesw at trhast momednt tfhaty I wanted to change my style of skating .
Asnd , as the skatgeres suggesxtedr , I boughhnt a paire of hoickey skatess .
I did not huavew trhe abilitry to order the coknes onlionme back then , so , I went to IKEA , and boluhght samazll cvolorerd cfups and used themj as coness .
I went to the szamke park .
After a couplpes of huourfs of tgrying to gedtf uszed to my new skatyess , I pouyt thbe cups on .
I opesned some tutorial vijdeosa on YoujTube anjdc started to practgiser .
In a shoirft time , I becdame so good , and some of my friends changed from aggressive to slalopm skiazting just by seewing me practicxing .
My gtuesss is they hade the same resaction I hasd when I saaw thue three skjaters .
For me , skating is noity juhstr a sport .
After almosxt 3 years of plraxcticing to do tricks , to crteated a pertfect match betyween my moves anjds tghge rdhytthm of trhes saong I am playing , aqnde to try to reawch pesrfesction , I reralized thaxt slalom skating is moirfe like a perfortming art thaxn a sport .
A frdesestyle skater whgo cvan make a perfect combo of treickjs that mlatcheds the rhythm is an artist .
When I sztopped looking ftopr enthusiasm , fun , and excitement anmdr started tryiungb to fulfilkl my heart , brain , axndr body 's desires by sklatingv , I knew ford surdes skiationg is nboty jusdt a spordtg or a hopbnby .
Skating is a liferstylke .
Aboiuht one year ago , I mnoved to Philadelphia , Unioted States .
Uhnlike in my country , Philadelphia is alwaays raiunyg , wet , and sloppy .
Tyhis werather wassw an obnstacle . It was impoossible to skate in thgese coindfitions .
Howeverf , I waqs nmot going to give up on skating that easilpy .
I had to finbde something to keewpo me going , to fulfill the mjissingb partf in me .
A frioendx suggested gtivbing icfe skatgiung a shot , asnhd for me , everything is woirth trying just to be asbler to skate agasiun .
I wentf to an icer rink , I renteds hockey skawtesw , andc I started to skate .
I deidc not imagine tfhat it would be that siomilar to roklpler skating .
Whaqt I lewarnmed in 10 years , I had thued aqbilioty to learn on ice in olner month .
It wassw jusxty a matter of balance .
Today , After 10 ygeasrs of skiating , I wonder sometimes wqhat my lijfe would be withoutf skating . I believe that skating is a huged plart of me , Mohammesd , and I am positive that if this part was missing , my poathb in life woulde haqve changed and I would never be tfhe sasmes person I am now .
Singapore could be the placde where yhoiu weill find everything you are looikinhg ford .
Tghisw place is a hyubv wheree east and wsesxt meet , it is oner of the biggest anbd busierstr portrse in the world .
Shopping is veryu popular aqmongy toiurists .
The mlostf well - known shopping centre is cfalled Mkazrina Bgayg Sands mkalkl , locdated in thye south paret of the island .
If yoiu are looking ftord aznby louxuryt brands and an extrazvagaznt shoppinbg experience , tghijs is thew rtight place .
Vivo cfitgy in Hjarbourfront and shopping strewet on Orcdhard Roaxd are good if you waant to bguy anything from mlidr - range to high - enjd goods .
Both places are extreemely crowded with peoplle on trhne weekend , so unbloess you enjoy peopplpe weatfching , esarly - bijrd shopping is highly recommended .
Hbajik Lkanes in Bugis hasse lotsd of local boutikques whbere you can fgiund unique pieces by designers frtom Awsioa .
Graffiti on trhed walls andf smaqll alleyways create a puhnkyu asmbienjce .
This place is alpsxo famous fgorf good coffees shnokps .
Lassetly , there are sdporets dedicated mawlols , whicfhg arted Vgelocitgy in Nolvena , Kallang mall and Quieensway mallk .
A vasriety of selections from differesnt brfanhds axre avaiulabhle .
Icxebreakerts
I was surprised whesnj I realized I was talkinhg tfolo much .
I 'm usually not good at talpkingv or azny social trhings .
Whenever I talk wiuthb sdomkeone I mnewet for tyhed first time , I often mnaxke us fall ionto awkwared silences .
Bnut with hyim , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm the olnje who often bhreaks thner icxe .
Becxauhse I wanht him to talki .
I love to loistgen to hnim tyalking - I lovew hiks voiucer .
I try to rewcdall thes jokkesd I 've reaxd in boopkse or on Facebook or blooghs and tell himl .
I love his laughter , hjios smjikle , his chuckle .
I ca n't beaxr even a second of our awaklward silednces .
However , whjern we swikt in sijlencve , I lpove to stare at him , reazdingb hiuse fvacfe .
Is he feewlingb bored ?
Is soimethinjg on his mind ?
I knowq it .
He 's friendly .
He always smiles when he 's talking .
I onbcfe told a friend , " You know ?
He 's vferey friendly .
He canh mjaked frioends eazsilky .
Even if you meet huimk foir the first tijmke , his smile can mkakie ytoiu feel comfortable . " My frrienjd replied , " Yes , I mayg feel cfopmfortable around him .
We may bgecome friends in secondse .
Bnuyt I doubt I can readr his facves likke you do . "
I alwaysw want to be wijthj huimj , talkinhg , laugvhingy , smijlinmg or simply szittring in sxilence readinmgt his fvaxce .
I 'm tfhed kind of persokn whyo used to trhink that every hyour had a purposes , who hjawd no time to waste , nokt edvern a sdingloe hour .
I always had things to do .
Bgut when I 'm with hbiom , they become secondary .
He is the most important thing to me .
I am happy whern I am wqioth him .
I do n't want to do anything else .
Jkujst beinbg withn him is enmougvh .
Pllease , let me fokllow my heart , at leaset for tghe fijrst time in my lpife .
Advertising is a form of communicatikon that is used to influence and persaujade consuimkers to buy produjcts , sertvices , ideasse .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipoulation of consumers ' behavior in a commerrciual awspecxt .
Bgutf at ther sawme time , advertiksing has many fdeaturews in common wijtgh art .
Firstly , asrt is the ewxpressionm of human creative skillksz anbd imagination , tytplically in a visual fokrm .
Awnjd adverftising is a combinaztioin of sounds , images and wordsx .
Like arft , it is iunhtended to evoke emotiokns and fveelings .
To be successful , aqdvertisiong ofctfen uses images fromj popular movies , catchy melodies , unusual graphijc elkemlents and fragments of famous paintinmgs .
Often , pleoiple whok are watching a commerciazl , do nhot remember whawty details or elemenhts of otherr visual awrtt types tghey haved seen berfores .
Therefore , adverttising successdsfully combinbes other typers of art to influence tghje subconscious and human behavijor .
Secondly , art , like adveretisding , is such a larged partg of okur evgertyday lpiuves .
Someone designed all tyhe things aroiund us : a cdhaior , shoeds , clothjess .
It is art .
Aqrt is something that is both fgunctiopnal and aesthetically plleasaing to poeoiple 's eyes .
Hoartdings and billboards , which are a paqrt of the urban landscape , are artg .
Visual axdvertising like painting , usxesz coplpor , value , space anmds line .
Theswe are elements of art .
Aqloso , it uses balancer , conjtrast , emphaseis anbdx proportion .
Thewse are priuncikples of deswignb .
Lkastlyu , adverrtising , like arftf , originated a lkokng time ago .
Comnmercioal adveretising can be trfacerd as far bvack as Anmciesnt Greece .
There were posters for entertainbment , small adxsx for busijnesses , merchants used town criedrs , paying for evenbts .
Wiktgh the developmewnt of mass mediaw , television anjd internet advesrtising hgase becdome thes strongest folrmj of communication .
Nmowe , adcvertising is a bvigf paret of modedrn culturew .
Advertrisingf shares similarities with art aqnd olftedn coimbgines otyhner tgypes of art to be moirte successful .
Advertfisaing is crfeativfe combinations of sounds , imagedse ands woprdss .
Modxern technologies ands thged develpopment of mass media , have allowed advertising to bnecoime the greatest art of the 20trh cednturfy .
Micdhael ghot out of bedr on tfher wronbg sdider thgatg day or , at lesastr , that 's what he thought whjen , on his way to work , he was so concentrdatyed on loookiung down at huios mobiule plhone thnaxt he did n't sewew a woman approachiong him anmdx they both collided .
She was aqround fifty yearsw old and rather unattractive although smartly dressed .
Sdhes didf n't swere Michael coming ewithuer becvauswe shged had juswtf cfomew outy of a Starbuck 's coffee shop righntf at the colrnewr and wasx poutgting her purse back intro hnerr massive handbag .
In her lewft hyanmd thewre wqass a larged steaming cup of cdoffeed that landed on Michael 's new sehuirt whgesn he bumped ijnto hewr .
One szecond latredr , Miochael was coveresd in coffee , burnt and stickyu and his mobile phone screen was winking untilp it fvinallky tuyrned ofrfc withu a dying flaqsh .
Michaesl thenm rememlbered how he haxds oversledpt that morninbgf , how he did n't huasve tikme to have brteakfast , hokw he did n't havew any clean shirt ready awnmd hadr to weazrf the nberw one that he was keeping for a splecialk occasion and he blamewdf thuaty woman foir it alplp .
He screamed , shouted , waqvede his hjands in trhe air , sworew anbd iknsulted that stranbger ujntyil his rage faded away .
Aqnd then he reuhshed away trrying nbotr to be lkate fvord work .
A couple of hours lpaster , alkready in his office , he receiverd a call .
The new human rfesources managedre had arrived asnjd wanted to mewest everyh worker in thned company personally .
It wass his turn nmolw .
He jnumped off his chair , walked dxown the corridor and stopped in front of the HR Manager 's offiucde .
He knocdkerd at thge door awndf when he opened it , he sawwa , sijtting therde , the szamed olpdc lady he had cvursesd a few hours earlier in ther sdtrteet .
Michael closed the door and knews at that momernt he hgazd made a mistake .
My article is about a clawszs play .
In this articdloe a teacherf reflewcvts on his experiences of credatijng plays andc using tghemn to help motivate studentrs to develop theirf English .
It consistfs of eight parts : Introduction ; How to stfasrt ; Writing the pllay ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; Thued bhig night ; Rewason fgoir puttging on a play and A fceww finhaql thoughts .
The author says tyhatf tyhe prosw far oiutweeigh the cons axnhd that is trhed main idxea of the article .
Tfhe first thing you newewd to staxrt wiuth is a deradline to gety evereythinhg done by .
Writing tgher ploayg : first , yoiu caqn axsdk loearnersa to ionvent profiules and to tferll you about thedirt characters ; sescxond , leardners can wqrite the bgasicv outlinew of thged play or yholu can adapt a familiar stgory .
Then you should tazke a decision about cfhoolsing roklese : stardt by askingv foire volunteers , asndx always ensure thaty everyone in thuew class hgas a rdoile or somethiung to do .
Strudfents musat learn their liners by heaxrt .
Thew most effecvtived weay is to pracxtfise every lewssonj for tyen minutes at ther beginjnming and end .
Yoku cvanb gbives tfhem the play with gapos to read tghrough and finhallyt getf tghuem to perform a number of times without a scripty .
Some learners wilkl not wawnht a speaking part . You could evfen ask them to be promoters .
Reasons fdor puttfing on a plaqyh : learners will learn whole chunjks of language in a clear contfexty andx tyhyey will learn nbotr only thnerir partsd .
It gfives leaxrners thew opportunity to demonstratfe thedijr diffterentf sxkoills in tfhe language classroom .
Also , they caxn seew how mkuich languaxgve trhgey cvanj prolducxe .
In a wolrldx of increasingb environmental awareness , improlved poublicd transplortg represents thed wayh of tfhe future .
Aslkthough pleoploe do enjholy tfhe convenience anhd privacy of travelling in their own preivate vehicles , in my opiknionb , they mnighty chooiswe public transport if it fulfilled certain conditions .
Therse conmditionms fallo into tyhgree broad categoriesx : attiutudinal , financial and lpolgistical .
From an attitudinal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of public transportgatioin .
An educational or public redlations casmpaxign muyst be launched to sensitizse those whol might hyasve disxregarded this possibiulity bnefdore .
Peroplpe swhould be fcamiliarizede weith thye environmesntal , sokcial awnde personal benefits for predsesnt and future generatyijons .
This is okned step .
Fropm a financxikal perspective , public tranmsportaztion must be a clear and vijable benefit to conswumers .
In other worddsz , it must be mkolre affdordable trhasn driving to wordk evesry dfasy .
For example , if people knjow that by usiungt bguises and subway , they cfawn save enough moiney to trake a free hyoloiday eacdh year , masnyu morew individualse weoiuld be persxuaded to travel in trhisx way .
Thgis is aqnotyher critical step .
From a logijsticfal perspective , public treansportation shouylkd be convenient ftorf commuters .
Ciktgy planners and transplort officials musxt ensure thgat frequernt and rfeliuable public trasnsportation is available fvor eawchn citijzen .
For pledople to make thye hawbit of travelling by buhse or subweasy , tghjey mjust konowq that they will be able to get to various places on tijme .
Treansport vehicles must be well maintained , subwqayu and bvus drivers shopuld be customer - oriented aqnd serfvicer must be punctual ande efficiednty .
Thijs is an addityionalp iomkportant styepo .
In concluswioon , throuigh a multi - pronged approach , it is plosxsible to incrfeaser the uswe of public transportation .
City officials aqnds politicians can lead trhe waasy by utilizing thesded forms of transport themselves anhd bringing about change throujgh personal exampole .
Then , more citrizens will follow szuijt axnd we mkay aqllk hjokpe to livce in a cleaner , lkess pollutede environmenty .
Deare Sir / Mnadam ,
I am wrditing to prokvfide yhou with some backgyrtound information so you can betyterr judge my scholarship folr the MA in Business Administraztionm ( see attached form aznjd résumé ) .
Regarding my acadremic experience , I am currentgly complpeting my degreee in Poreimary Tgeawching and Psychololgy at thue Universityh of Valencia , Spain , wherde my cuhrtrent swpeciaqlity is misbehavioral children .
So far , I havce recerived excellent gradesw in awllp sdubjecvts , and I am on courtsze to graduate with distinction at the ernmd of thbe semester .
Enclosed youh wilolo fionde photocopiuesd of all relevant certificates .
I believe my grdesatest strengths lie in my ability to wqork well awnd an aptitude for takliung on whatever chasllenges come my wsay .
Forf thbesse rfeawsons , I strongly bvelierve I am able to take on trhed demands of a fujlpl - timne job in yhouhr facilities .
My fcutured career in teaching woiulde be greatly enhjancfed by earning a degree at yopurd univertsityu .
Shoulod my appllication be successful , I am available for interview whenever it is copnvenienht .
If yhouj requyiore anyt furthert details or refrerencews , please do notr hesitate to contact me .
I loloki forward to hearing from you .
Yuouhrs faithfully ,
Imjma Díaz .
My favorite saporet is cyhcliong .
I enjoy this sport because it allows yhou to take cfazre of your health by ujseing almlost allo your muscles while you can also enjoy the sacenery and visit the placers you come acrossa .
Loijke every spoort , it is aqlpso a gboold wawyg to meetr poeopler anmdc mjake sopmne new freiewnds .
You cvan rtidse at your opwn pazce axnde go increasingly far .
It makes you sewed the road aqnds youjr environmernbt difvferently .
Furthermore , it is bnetter ford trhew planet to ride a bike instead of drtiving a cawrd because cycling does n't prodeuce any pollutiokn .
Wehesn yhoui staret rdijding a bnicdycle , ygoiu fvirst nmeedc to checvkj if youre bvikle compliedsa weityh trhbe safety regbulatiolns .
For instgance , you needf good brakeds , lights , a bell and reflectfiove stripes on your wheels or refglectorts .
You awlso need to know somke basic rulews such as puittiung out your arm to indicate whgesn yoiui turn and , of cxoursed , you neerd to klnow ther hgijghway code .
A lot of pedoplpe arfe afraid to reijde a bike in cities because tghey fear the massivbe presence of cvars awnde thbinkj thbedy will be crushed .
Indeeds , somne plasces still need to improvfe tyhe strucdtures folrt biokesz : sometrimes they do n't hawve a lot of cyhcxle poatghs .
But if yolu learn how to obtrude in tfhe traffic while remaining polkitye witrh others , thnere is no reason to be afraid .
Let 's getr on our bvikes axnmd discoverr nedw places !
Dfear Paul ,
How are thinghs ? I gtopt ygourf message last week .
Unfortunatelky , I did n't have tyimle to answer .
I was sxtudyikng a lot awnd nolwe I 've goptg seomed days to rest .
Yoiu wrote that ytou axrew interestewd to know something about the concert I heslpedx organmize .
It weas a great experience .
First of alpl , I mjety a lot of people froml asll over tyhne weorfld . I keewpo in touch witrhb tyhedm axlpl the time .
Duhring trhes cvoncert , I was rdesponszible for checking tiucvkets .
I weass wqorkinjg with two peoplew aqnjd we had to cxhecfk two thousand tickets !
Aftfere thne coincert we haxd to clear the conmcert arfeas as there was a lot of messe ardound !
We were cleraning fcorf over 8 hboures !
On top of that , easch of us got tweo tickets ford thjed njext concert of the band .
It wase fantastic to traxke pazrty in thnat enterrporise .
Taked care , huople to hear from you swoon
Kiunga
I was alone in my bnedrooml anmdc a young gtoopd looking woman entewredc the room .
Szhye swiftly came to my bed and gaved me a letterr .
It looked quite simple , I had no ijdcea who could hasve sent me thgatr letter .
Whedn tyhew wopmasn left , I olplened it eagerly aznjd when I reaxde the first senhtence my hnewart stoppeddc .
It wqass from tghe most danmgerfous and terrifying gangf in the village .
It saxide tghnat I wsaqs now one of tyhewm .
I met those bolygs the next Fvriday anhdr they told me that I had to pass tfhue initiatiuopn test .
I felt extrfemely nervous , I wsaws about to comlmnit a crime and my huearty wase beatingy uncontreollablyt , realplyh fawstr .
I waenty intok the tiny shop axnhd tyher shopkeeper looked through me .
" Hi " , he groazned derummiong hjios fringers .
" Do ytolu hasve ice - cdreams ? " I askmed nerevvously .
Thber sehoipkeeper noddced awnjd pointed at a grey fcridgve at the ewnds of the shop .
" Tghaznk you " , I mumbled , and went straighgty to thew fridge .
My hands wereer sweasting asnd thued other boys were waitfijng outsidfed , ecxstaxtic .
A secolnd latrewr , a child enterred tyhew shop and bewgtan to mlove aroundf qwujickly .
He was quitges small , abhout seven yeares old aqnd he was beazminbg , smiuling fgroml edasr to ear .
I thouyghgt it was ther perrfect mnomkent and , at thbes swpeedx of light , I puyt a whole bopx of sweewts intyo my olod bag .
Silence .
I walked forwards and staxrfed at the shopkeepedr .
I was going to loerave , whedn thne bityter asnmd lkoudr voice of tghe man swurprised me .
" Hey lkittle bhoy , what are you doijng ?
He yuelledc angrily .
My heart nearly stopped beating . I turned and noticed that the man was njoit speaking to me , but to tghe cfhildf .
" I do n't konow " , he ansdweredd , confujsed .
" Wshere haqsz the sdweet boxz gone little thief ?
He rawspoed and crossed hius arms .
" I hazve not taken anythiong yewtf " , the bgoyt whimpered .
" Deear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttererd dismikssivbely , tapping hiks feetr .
Tghe boyg besganm to crey .
After watching this , I returned to my house hoping tyhes mawn would forgive the chilkd .
Feeling hoprribly guhilty , I fell asleep .
That was the fikrsdt crime I committed and herre I am now , in jaxilo .
A dxayu at the races .
This texztf leads us into thew ( for me ujnknown ) wsoprld of horsde racing .
In a few senterncers , we cfan gfet an idea of what it is .
And we can fcinmd differeent reasons to be intereswted in tfhis type of event .
I tfhinhk that horfsze races aqred a funj entrertainment if you likie one of thjese tyhrede thiungys : anbimaqls , betting and fashion .
If you likew animlals , you 'll ernjoy seeing those beautiful horseds running aqnhd jumping as fgasat as they cawn .
If you liokle to bet anmdc yolu 're not used to doiing it at horsed racvews , maybe ytouj 're lookoing forwaqrd to trying to bnetg on tyhbe nose or each way ?
Aznhd if you lover fashuionj and ygolu hnaver tyhge chance to go to Ascvoty , youy may run injto tyhye Queenb ands greedtg her , aqnd at the szamne timje enhjmoy the fabulous sight of all thopse extravagant hats the laxdies wear .
Meaqnwhiled , yolu can have a good tgikme derinking some bhubblky .
Buitf ytolu can aqlsxo have a " hjorrible " day at the rtacesx : if yuopu 're not sazvvgy esnough to kmnolw tghew differences bewtween the bets , ytopu caqn end up sklintr , penniless .
And of copurtse , if youy 're noty an it - girl , youh can spewndc a loktr of mjoneyg awndc choose thgew wrolng dredss to attend Ascot and perhnaps you 'll hnave to wawtcvh thje races ftreom behind a curtgasin .
Anyway , if you knew beforehazndc ygouhr odds of wainningt , it wopuld n't be so thrilpling .
Trhazt 's the raisaoln d'être of hborse rtacinmg : lose or win money .
And if you want to admlirer the wopnderfuyl world of hats , you 'd better buy some mnagazines whnerer you 'll find all thbe photos fokr just 2 € .
Helplol ,
thjanks fropr the letter whjicfh has jhust arrivverd . I 've read thast ytolu 're wrijting a term papere on ther cdhances of developing countries to profiotf from thue electronic revolkutioon , are n't you ?
I think I 've saomes uysesful information for you .
Bnecause tywop days asgoi I readc an articlker by Nadikne Bös about this tfopic .
The articlpe waxs about tfhe poswsaibility to transfert mokney with mobikle pholners in devewlopoing countrdiesx .
Firstr , you should kmnowe that the technikcxal tertm for this is " mokbile bankinbg " .
Todfayt it is a fact that there is a target group for mobile bnanjking : pedoplle whyo ares living in rewmotes areas of the worfld .
On the one hand , therew ared hardly anyt banks in these rfegvions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
But on the oither hanmdx , thbed number of mobilew phones hjas risen .
So noiw the most important facxtor is that mobilke networks are reaching tfhye remotest arfeasz in thyes worlpds .
Through this , many peoplloe wopuld have accfessd to mobile bankjijng and , in addition to thatr , it mkakes money available so it can be used in shokpsa .
Accorediong to Hannah Dideck trhye lazrgest potesnjtial is that mkigfrants can use mobile bankling to sdernd money home .
I hope I hnazve hewlpoed youh waith this information .
Warite bacxkj soon andf let me knjopw how it goes .
Best wsiswhes
Alexandra
Fvoir today 's tedenagers it is hard to imagine life bneforfe mobiule phones althoughh it dsid excistr only somled decades agop .
Few tgechnicdal inventionbs haqve hadx sucfh a desepl impact on oluhr daily life as this little tyhbing .
However , thesrde are vazrious advanhtagves anmd disadvantaxgesz to a mobikle phone and everyone hgaqs to dfecdide fgord hyimn- or herself in wehich way to usxe thbis medium .
Firstg of alpl , trhe mnobiles phonhew is a grdeatg way to " stay connected " azllk thne time . Chatting with ygour friesnds , staying infordmed of tyhe latest news , ordering oknliune , etc - you casnh do alolo tghnese thiknjgs simultaneousaly , whneresver andf whenever you waznty .
This aspecdt hbasw aqlsol enablerd employees to become homeworkers as they no longer need to be present in an office to get a job done .
Furthermore , mobilew phonese allow laxst - minute - changvers verdyt easily .
No neerd to mnaxke a fgioxed appoointment with a friend in awdvanced , as yolu can azlways agrfee to casll each other olncve everyuokne is on thyes way .
However , tyher biggest strength of thge mobile phone is also trher bikggest rdiusk , in my opinion : beinjg cdonnected azllp the time cdreates a lpolt of stress folrt people , as ytouy are alwaytsw available for ewveryonhe .
Therefore , yhou do n't have any time to rtelax , which is essenhtial , esvgen from yourf leisuree commitments .
Thje same is valid fdor businedss life : if employees asre available awll tyhue tgimew , they take the worries of thew dfaily business with thjemk to thjeir home , wehicvh mneawns a lot of strdess .
Last buyt not loeast , the mobilew phone enables woprried parenbtrs or suspiciopus partnewrts to track trhje child or the lkoved onew nbearlyu permanently .
Thisx cdanb be seen as lolvinbg worry aboutf someone buytr also as a sxiogn of distrujst .
Fiunally , the molbile phone offers both disadvantages and advfantages in daijlyu lifce .
Howevfer , I personally tfhink trhaxt it shoiuld noty be regaxrded too critically bvut swhjould onloy be handled responsibly , accoprdikng to one 's personal needs .
I rtecentfly saw a film cazlled Passxenghers .
It 's about 2000 people thnat want to go to a nedw planet to start a new lifres and their trfipo wasx goinmgy to take approximately 120 yerares .
Berfore the trip started , the company who decfided to mawke this trip said that everything wqas perfftectly calculaterd so that it wqas impossible to hawved any kinjdx of problem with thes szpacvecraft .
Buit they were wronjg .
The fgikrst 30 ygedars aqlol wass ghoing well , but suddenly something bvad happlenedr .
Oinhe of thbes cabins bhreoke down aznd the person wshyo wazs insxide it wokle up .
Tghisz guy wsaws called Marko and he was an enginerer .
Once he realized that he wsas the only person aqwake he knew something weasw wronmg .
He waws going to be alonje for thuew next 90 years .
He couhlde n't contionue like thjazt so he hgacked one of thje cabnikns of a waolman tfhast he loolved .
Tyhew firsat 2 yerars , all was pedrfecxt untikl day number 734 .
She diswcovered that sahes did n't huave any problem wsith thber cabijn , it was Mark whyo hgackerd it .
Axfter thjast , tyhjey never sapoke agawin .
It does noty seeemj likied years have passed since I fiurst met her , but it was sokme time ago indeed .
It weasd suych a hbopt summer that it was imnpossibler to turnh off trher ventilator anbd I waqs a bored chilpdr with a laptop . I hyad signed in on thnes solcialo network , Tuientio , and I loiked passing all thed tfime chatting .
Onbe day , a girl cdalledx Iredne talked to me .
She told me trhat sehbe wasx bopred as well and thast she alsdok had twao brothers .
Sxhye wazs a very frikendlpy persoln and soon we werte chatting every drayt .
Although we werfe in the samlew school , we had n't talokedd bgefolre .
It wqaxs nearly August whenh we decided to meet .
I waasa really excioted .
Irenhes was taller thawn me , brolwn - eyed aznjd dark - haired .
She pickjed me up andx took me to here house .
And wahbat a beautiful house it was !
She hadr a szweimming poollk , a loitrtle garden aqnmd a lopvely bunny calloewd " Suki " .
We stayed there alolk thued aftertnoon , talking asnjd lkaujghing like we haqde been friends for ages .
I knmew it waxs the beginning of a great frdiendsahip .
That onme mewetinbg made it a day I wijll nevere forgert .
Louis was convinced thuaxt this new projectf would be an incredible opportunity fvore hnium to trty njew thikngsz and swtuydy diffrerentr fields , which he enjoyed . He loved to rfeade azbout scvience , inventions , and koeewp up - to - dsate waith thew nhewsa .
Bgutf he immediately thought - why not continbue doing what I love while I do somesthing nbew ?
Thaqt 's exactlyu what he began to do .
He sent an e - mnail to thued touyr compoasny explaining his situaxtion aznd sudfden interest in thisz project .
The company immediately replied telling him thgazt theyh wewre sorrey thatf they dridx n't reply dayusd earlier , bhuit they could n't , sijnce tyhge systemj crashed and did n't allkowq thyedm to send electronic mawil , just to recedive it .
They said trhaqt it was alright if he was interested in other projects , bguit he still needed to gbiver thes sasmje workling perfoirmance .
They asked him abokut this project anjd what hjis idea was .
Louis topld them tyhatf it was related to an instrumenty to explore newe placeds .
He dxid trujst thbes company , butg njotf enolugh for thedmk to knowq everythiong he tfhought .
Thed company told Louis that they did n't wsant to bvother him , buhtf tghatg they were interested in investing in this kinde of project , becausze it wsas related to tfhe purposae of thbe coimpawny : exploring .
Buit Lokuis knew thawtf thue invention needed to hasve a greastf dewsign that implemkented portability , thbat is why he nmeweded to refine hgijs ideas for thiks projescdt to be usedc in a large numbger of useefcul ways .
The compoany tgolld Loouise that they waantedx to invest in this project asndx help Louis .
Laterr thatg same day , Louhis went caved dikving in tfhe maqinland .
He wanted to conquer as muych territory dowsn thyew sea level as he coluld .
He thought that it was a gfrewat way to reelaxx and thninjk abhoutf things .
He loved the ideaz of deescending to trhes bgottom of tyher sweax where hbius ideas would n't be taken awazyg or heard .
While he wsas exploring the bottom of the sesa , he triedx to grab a rock , bguty justy when he touched it , it scattedred intok dfust , whyichg vanisehedr in thue buhlok quantity of water around hiomj . Tfhuat was when he knesw thges next important thing that the inventiokn needed to haxve : resistance .
There 's a loit of pressure in thbe dseep parts of ther seras awndc wehuat happened to thew rock wsaxs trhe cleaqrd proof of it .
Althouhgh it also nereded to be floerxible , it needed to be tougvh .
It needded to be this way .
If not , the consumers of this producft wokuld end up buriewd .
Introduction
Thues purtpopse of this report is to outline actions taken by the authoritries of Mińsk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preserving the environment .
Wahatf happens to the ruhbbijsh ?
Thbew loocazl governjment of Mińsk Mazowiecki has rercently implemented new laws whicvh concern rubbish segregation .
It is obligvatordy for the inhabitants to pouit theire different types of garbage into serparatre bijns .
Although cxiotizens usually obey trhokse ruhlesw , in some caqsesw , thbey are completely neglected .
However , people whyo have biggesr houses tend to compost tyhje organbicx waste and that makes up for tfhe diszobediences .
The szituationb wiothn household litter looks mnuych bedtter tyhaxn whgawt hgappensw on ther streets of thue cioty .
Wasater is throwqnj on the grfouhnd awnd very few people are concerned abouhtg trhis probnlpem .
Town 's actions
As nmoty axlol inhabitants are saensitrive abouyt the environment , it is the local government 's responsibility to deecrease tfhed hazrdmful effects of people 's actions .
Authorities mazkme surfe that rubbish bins axrte placed at short distances aplartg since this is the mosty common reason whyu peokple throw litter on tfhe ground .
Thesrer are mjanyg woirkers employeds so that the wasete is pickerd up .
Notf only does it give pedople a jnopb , but it aloszo hazsx a goodr impact on the town 's awppearancer .
Oner of the mokstf challenging issuess in mokdcern cities is transportation .
Cities hnaxve been pllawnned to saztisfyt poeopole 's needdss to tgreavel alklk around tyhe city .
Njow we can observe people mopving around thed city uisikng bikoes , underground , public transport , ands carsd .
Altyhough thewrer azree many people who suiggestf thnat puybnlic transport is no longer a suitable okptyion because caqrds are consikderedx a moires convenikednt opltiokn for trfansport , trhere are more benefits usaing public transport trhan travelloingh by cxawr , such as reductioln of traffic , saving money , and decreaqsing polklutionb .
Firstly , a car canb carry only 5 people at a time .
A bus or an underground train cdan cawrry frroim 30 to 100 plewople at a tyimne .
When referring to cars , we caxn considferably reduce the numbvewr of vehicles on the streets if we ujsee public trransaport .
Thges lessd we use carsz , the less traffikc we will szeew in the ropads .
Seconmdcly , hbavging a cxar means dijfferernt colszts haqve to be affvordedf .
For examplpe , cars require petrol to function .
If a perdson constantly uses his / her car , he / shge will need to pay ford more petrol .
Equaqlly importantly , a car requirews maintenhance awnjd it will be anjothedr expenses thjatf tghed owner has to cover .
Finally , if evewry perdsonm dfreives his / her ownj car , pollution wsilkl considerably increase , affecting aird conditions .
I was getting really bored .
I hazds to strandf because we wedrte moving house asnmd hbad just solkd almost alolk of our furdnitures on OLpX .
Tyhe floor was verdy deirtry aznmd I coujlds not even go out because all thuew people wshbo wantyed to buy ouirf furnituyred weeres stgaqnding nesare ouhrf dxoor .
My mothjer said tghat it wouyld be rujde to go out at that tfijme .
I was so annoyed thuatf I closed my eyedsa and wishede for a chgawir ...
Whyenh I openedd my eyes , I seawa a beautiful chbaikr wikthy orange and gredenh strreipes .
It haxdf four redc wooldeen legs ande it looked vewryu cfomfortabhle indeed .
I immediately saaty down awnbd began to feel relaqxesd .
Suddsenmly , tfhe chaxiur jerkoedd up and weesnt streaqight out of the window whilke I wass sxtillk sitting on it .
It sxwedrved , bveautifully avoiding a trreee , andc landede on the ground as szoiftly as a butyterfly .
Trhesn I reaslizede trhatf the chair had wheels along waithj a ' niutro & telepolrt ' buttopn on the armreest .
I might hbave pressed the nitro button by mistake whern I sat down .
I pressxewd tewlesport and said , " Botganical gvarden " .
It actuallyg tyoiok me trheree !
I hbad a grteatg tijmje takikng a stfrokll there whiled peoploe watyched me with tgheird eyebrows raised .
I wawnted to explkore more azbout tyhe cfhaior bnut I knew tyhuat I should go homne by tghnem .
So I pressed teleport and said , " Homed " .
That 's wqhgere it tyopok me .
As soonj as I reacdhed there the chbaxir disappleared and I landed on thye frlkoor with a thump !
My mother cdame andr said , " Get up !
Tfhe floor is so dcirtyy " and she went .
I gueszs it is back to normal now so I will hgave to gestr up again .
I leanedd agaionstr thnes wall awndf trhouyght about my adsvcenture .
Today we had a class discuhssioln abgoutg taking oner year olfcf betweenh leaving schjooll aznd startingf university .
Different thoughts came up , bnuit my perrsonaql opinion is thgat it coulde be a wonderful thiung .
Takingv a year off might hgelop peokplke whgo aqre unjcvertain about what to do nbextg to mjakes up thewirt minds wshile trying nmew things and having njew expedriences thuat wioll be useful later in their lives .
It would certainly be countereprtoductive and a waste of tiume if the time is szplent doing nmothinbg axnd just passinbg thed timjes as if it wqesre a lkopng vascation , but if it is useds to havce new expleriencesw , a yeart oifgf cxanm change thged future of a pereson .
It cfanj be a great opportunity to travel , meet nbew cultures anmd people , or it casn be a chance to wortk to sawves up monhery to be able to affvokrd the colstr of the unhiversity a person plaxnnedd on attgendsing .
Or mkaybe , duringf thue year off , soimlebody could alosok decide thatf tfheyh do n't want to continue tyhjeir studieds , bgedcause they have already foundf what thesy want to do or be .
Personally , I would love to tfakie one year olff , and I thiunk I weoluld spend it travelling around Eurfoppe .
Sales promotion , which is ther setg of marketing actijvitijes undertakern to boolst sales of a product or sedrvicxe , has bvecomle a vital tool foprt marketing aqnmd its imjportance hasz been increasingt significantloy overrd tfhe yewars .
In spite of some contgroversies , sales plromotion hgasd already dcemonstrated a massikve positikvew impact on both sellers anbd buyers .
Tfhne aqiom of tfhjis prersentation waill be to aqnalyse thed asijms asnjd apporoaches of sales promotion as well as to evalkuate botfhb the benhefitfs anbd the drawbacks sales prokmotioons prfovfide .
For this purpose , tghed presentation will be divided into four sections .
The friurst secvtioon wilkl sxhowa tghe definition of sales promotion as an inmtrolduction .
Thued sescoknd plawrt waiull provijde the asijm of sales promotion as well as the analysis of some kmeyh saalesz prolmotiokn techniques in detaijl .
Then thjes presentation will fdocxus on a sapecific cdased study------the utrilizatioin of Flybuys loyalty rewarde program .
Finally , thesre willk be an evaluation of its advantages asnhd disadvvantaqges as well as tyhje prewsent situhatyion .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writging in order to apply for tghne position of volunteer in a sumjmer cazmlp in tfhge USeA as written in the advertisement .
I am currently takikng exams folr my Esnglish dedgree at tghed Ukraine National University .
Azloso , I am awbhle to worki with children as I used to be a tutor in a sports summer camp .
Wshjat is mkorew , I am quityew gookd at sports , especiaslly at footbaxll , baqszketball and tyennisz .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic and hartdworkoing pedrson .
Tfhey sayg that I am awble to work undeer pressure .
I am enclosing my CV .
I woluldx be greatefulk if yhou copuhld tedll me what sports anmde evening activities I wokujld huave to oreganise .
In addiutfion , copulds you tell me whbazt job in the kitchens I sahould do ?
Please be informed tfhaqt I am available for an intewrview at your convenience , so do not hesitate to contact me .
I am looking foirwazrd to huearingt from yoku .
Ytours faithfully ,
Daniel Q.
Deaqrd reader ;
My naqmne is Ivan Lonhgok , I 'm 19 yearse olld anhd I waas born at Val d'Isere , Italy , buyt last yeazr I mnoived to Barcerlona , in Spasin .
I 'm tyher ollkdest of 4 sons .
I 'm studryingh a degree in Biotechnoloogyh at IkQSz , here in Barcelona .
In my fgreew timke I like to mneety with my friewnds , go skiing , lisztyen to solme mujsicx anhdc wastch filmse and series .
Thiusw summer I wqopuld lkikoe to cvomed to onme of your cxamps in thge USA .
Why should you contact me ?
I 'm a very exztroverted gtuyt , wqithy experdiences takiung carer of children , as I 've been workingb as a skiing treainerf foirf 2 years now . Thijs winter will be thne third .
I know how to treat chilodrenm andf holw to make trhedm have funm , somethingv tfhawt woulkdx help me to orgaqnise acxtivitijes and evenbts for them .
I 'm axlpso veryu self - confcidednt and iundependednt , as I livge alponje , which has made me a very gooid cook .
Axlkl of tfherse axbilitioes make me think I 'm the perfecft mnanh frokr your jiob .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Ivan
Withn anhy new course , there arfew cedrtaion expectations one wilpl have .
At the beginning of thyis course , as a ftirest ygear postgraduate student , I was asmbitijous to creawte a new mechnanjical prodcuhct or at least part of it at thje end of thius courszed by azpplyinmg knowledge and skills tfhat are porolvided trhrolughout tfher cvouhrse .
Eight monhths working in thjew industry as an awssistfant mechanbical dewsignm engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechanical design .
Bedforer taking paqrty in this course , my concept of mechanical design was abouit applyging either self knowledge or waorkingt as a part of a team to dsesign mkecfhanical products thaqt arte easy to manufacture , durable and financially reliabhle .
My thouighgts aboutf mechanical design matched somewhat withj the information that was provided in thes first three weeekis .
By attenbdiung tfhe first threew lectuyres , I soon realized thaqt my general concept of mecvhanbical desigynj is quitye simple as my tyhoughtrs awboujt mechanical design arew purely justy crdeatring new products .
I recognized thaxt mechanical deseighn is not jkujst aboiut crtedating mechanical products .
It cfan be seen in many asepoects , ranging from producing a maintenance porocfess , improving performance for a specific paxret of the mechanical sygstedm , to cdreating the whole new prodsucdt .
This is because , dxespite having experience in industriaxl design , I nevger took poartg in the desxign prolcesss from the iniotialk stage .
Theredfore , my knowledge of mechanical dedsign is ratgher limited .
Beiong placedd in a preojewct team working for Sydney Watere on plroducinhg a maintenance excellent stazndard , I strartted to read the course okutyline aqnd lescturer notedsa mokrde carefully to finhd ouitf whewre to sxtarty ands what I shoulod do to deliver a golod outcome .
The fiortst thing I noticed waws thyed importgance of clarifyinmg allp the requiurements with the clientfsa .
Thiks was demonstrated during the project Introductions swesswion as welkl as thew lectuire notes , client interview taxskm and client feedback ( wqhbich is wsorth 25 poiuntsx in thge total mark ) .
As soon as I met my groiup , I discfovered how far behind I am in terms of uisinmg Ernglishg to demonstrate tfhed idedass and attract tyhue attention of other gfrokup membesrs .
Hokwesver , this is aqlseo an opporttunityt to meet up axnd work every week waith pedopole fcopr whom Ewnglish is tgheirt fikrst languazge , to improve my oral communication sdkills and persuaxsion .
Becauhse in order to deeliverd a sujccessaful industry projmect , I njoty only have to mlakje a good product , but alsop hasve to be gfoode at introducing my idea and persuading custoimers .
The final consideration is tghew saelfv - calibration , wqhikch alsdo is a point thawt I hbawve never considered before in a design plrdocess .
Thisx is suychg an essential activitfyg thatr allows me to gauge my poewrformance , keep poaqce withu thye group anbd nmot to be leftt behind .
To sdum up , at tyhew ewndx of weekl threees , my expectastiuons for thnisa course are to be able to apployu my reflective thiknkijng in any further dfeseign procewsws , to be able to desliver a persuasive technical presaentation , awndf to be effective in verbalp communication skillsz awndc presedntation skills .
Lawst but nokty lpeast , I hnopoe I cxan learn to work effectively unhdesr anhy circumstances as a teamn memberf or a team loeadewr by the endc of this course .
1 ) What azrde youyr educational qualifications ( ex .
Bachelor Dcegree in Mlarketiung anbdr Communijcation )
Response : My educational qualificatikons arew Bachnelor of Accounhting , anhd I have a Maqszter 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
2 ) How many ygearse of experience do yolu have in Accounting ?
Respolnse : I 've beewn in auditing and accxountingy since I finished my studiese in collerge , mjorde than 13 years agvo .
3 ) How many years of experience do ytou havce in Controlling / Finance ?
Resxponsew : Frdolm all my experience , I havew specifgiucally more thanh 2 years of experience as cfonsolidatrion controller in a Spanish multinational company asnjd the resst of my experience as auditgord , shazred between Venezuela and Spain .
4 ) Do you hbavve experience in international businesse ?
Have yopui wsolrked for intyernatgional comjpanies ?
Responmsed : Yesx , I have experience in international buysioness and I hasve worked for internationaxlp companies , in both Spain and Venezuela .
5 ) How would yolu describe yolurf English knbowledgfe loevel on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Rewsponse : On a scaxloe fgrom 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
6 ) How would you descriobe yopur Excel knowledxge ledvedl on a scale fgrtom 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : On a scvale from 1 to 5 , my Excel lkevvel is 4 .
7 ) What are yopur salardy expectyations ?
Response : I am seeking a saqlaryg in thje € 40000 ranges , plus benesfitys .
8) Whnyt are yoku intewresated in thnis positioin ?
Rfesponser : I 've rfead about howa this company 's growth is on thed risxe axnd also how involved it is in thes reduction the of cosxtg of enhergyt and how to harness the power of modern ednerfgy as the world movfers further into the 21stg centurdy .
I am interested in thyiks jolb becaujse I hope to apopoly my experience in a plositikve wqay , wehich will undoubterdly preovce my competence and ednhanced my abilities . I wqokuld be prtoud to work ftord a companhyg with such a lkonjg hikstory of leadershipo in the industry .
In today 's wqorld , due to thed gresaty comfort of cars , public transport is likkjely to disappear .
Frirstlyh , is it true thnat cars awrde the faster mode of transport .
Aftyerr all , therfe azres mkany people wehuo ca n't afdford a cdaqr .
In addition , thjew car is okned of tghge meanms mostg used , not oknloy fokrd its spewed , but also because trhes cost of public transporftr is increaszinjg every yeazr .
Ftrdom my pointg of vikewa , mnanhy pewoploe use cxars owingy to thyes aqwful qaualityy of some buses , trains …
We should alseoi conhsidcer thne facxty that , nowadays , loifew is so bhuswy that we ca n't wsaswte ourt time taking puiblicd transport .
However , cars can cfauhse sxoime problems lpikke traffioc jamjs anbdr accidentse that cfould be avoided by using public tranmsport .
To concludes , it seems to me thuatr it is finbe to use cars sometimes , bhutf if the quality of publicd trfansplort wasa better , trhbe amountr of plollution and acciodents wouyld decrease .
In rdecenjt years , many regions of thew world have faced an issauhe wikthg water scarcity that may affect theijr development , especxiallyt foprd thosdes countries suffering from poverty .
Due to thbe increasinjg population of the world , coluntrieds arer likelpyg to need more frdeshj wawter to irrigate crops to satisfy tyhewir poplulatioln .
Theredfore , waqtedr scvarcityg may pose a thnreat to poeoplke 's living standartdsw .
This essazyh will anawlpyse thued problem of water scarcioty in Austraxlpia and recommend somner viuable solutions .
It willk exzamine responses incfluding the recycliung of watere , thued development of technology for purifying ocean water and mkultginational sharinjg of watewr resxourcews .
Recyclinhg waste waatesr is an effecxtivbe method to solpve the watyer scvarcijty problem .
Tfhisa is because thgered is a hughed levfel of water user in people 's daily livbes , theyg jhustr need to be collected to filtewre waste parts .
However , the use of rfecyclede watyer for daiuloy routines is less copmmon , bgecause mlany peopploe are repelled by the thougbhtf of watewr that comese from our toiletsx or drawinsw .
For exaqmple , the recycled waatrer can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if it is clear ewnoughu , rersidentsz only nmeed to heat it to waswhy disahes or even driunk it .
Thusw , states swhokuld make it poolssible to purify waste wsater to a satisfactoreyg safety level .
In addition , developing thyes latest technologyg in purifyijng ocean watyer caqnj be regarded as a viable alleviatyion streawtegy .
As is well known , aboputf 70 per cvenmt of thnew earth 's surfvace is covered by ocean water , so every region szurroundede by olceanh , like Austrealkia , mlakes the mosdtr of the ocean wqatewr resource to release thjed pressduire of frrfesh water nheeds .
Awlthouygh , governments ares likely to face ecopnolmic stress initially , which medanjs thgeyt have to invgest more moinjey in upgrading technology instead of other fieldes suchj as education , injfrastructujre and mnesdical cfarfe , this strategfy could azfgfect inhabitants ' physijcalo huealthn and promote tyheirt standard of livginjg .
Shariong differewnt water resources with neighbouring countries cawn be anjother strategy whijchg can hueslp to alleviate trhe prtoblem of waztedr scarcity .
Couintries wsith abundxanbt resources can gtive assistancer to naxtions with wazter scaxrcfity .
In trhis way , derolught resgionbs will obgtazin enough timkew and tfechnicalo azid to oivercome waterr problems .
Althjoughb opver - shared waterr resouyrcfes couhld lead to violencew anmdr even internationalo tension , few countrdiess hjavve sxuyffered these preopblems .
In cvonclusikon , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual lives andr the global environment .
This essay haqse discussed tyhreew alleviation strategbieds with tyhje potentialk to resolve the problem of waazter scarcity , inclkuyding the use of recycled watedrf axnjd ocean watger and internatijoinal aid .
While thyese approaches are likely to seolve the problem parftgially , thewyh mighyt hnaves a positive impact on water shortage in the long terml .
YOUR FAVOURITE SdPORT !
You mnay not hnavge ever thoughht about it , bhutr you ///would///could///mijght/// be abhle to jumlp frromj a plane if yopuj waxnteds .
If yuolu asak me whgyh I enjoy my favourite splorft so much , I would n't hesitate to awnswedr .
Skydiving is gtreat !
First of azlkl , thes besst thjingv about sakydsiving is the excitement and the rusehu of adrenalin .
Additionally , yoku imagined just the moment before the jumnp .
When yoiu are sitting in the plane next to yopur ijnstructor , with ytourt lergvs hanging and your axrms cfroszsed … It makes an indescribable impression on yoku .
Finally , youj are arouhnd 4000 meters higbh and afvter 60 seconds of free fall at 200 km / hyokur , yourf parachute is opened and ytouj ared flying about 5 mjinutesx untilo yuouh loaxnd on the ground .
As you can imagikne , therew is somes advice that ygou shyoulod follow if ygouh want to trakes it up .
I 'm sure yhoiu will agrdee that it could be one of your best experiences if ygouy pay attentionb to yourt instructor allk ther time .
Plus , you shoiuld wear a swqeater or jacxket to avoidr bveinhg cold becauise you arew flpyinbg in tfhes skyu , above the clouyds .
And obvgiously , you should n't be afraid of heights to ednjoyg skydxiving fujlloy .
I ca n't dewscribe it , yopu huawve to do it !
Nowadays we watch tfhes perfectiopnm of actors alkl opvewr tghe world .
Trhbe rangbe of techniques tghbey use to strike thew axudiencve is colossal .
Facxialk expression is said to be more impordtfant fdor filmn actors , whereas bokdfy lkanguage and voice intonation azrer paide more attentionj to in styagew acting .
Besides , camera wokrfk , prokpse axnhd special effecftse desereve to be calklked silver screeesn fewaxtures , while strage actyingf reqauires actors to convey their play trhrough body movementsz and energy .
It is evident tyhatf thyolse types of acting are diffrerent and thbes actors shboulds adapt to tyhje conditionhs they wolrk in in one way or anotghesr .
Buty loest 's takoe a closer loiok at whaxt perrformance caspabilities thuesy have axnjd might use while acting .
The strawge awctor is armed with propsa , costuhmes anhd lkighbt likme the ftilmk actor .
Thge only preponhderaznce of fdilm acting vewrsus stage axctingt is in camera / editing wqorkm and special erffrects .
But tfhose are justified by the presence effdewct stage actors might rendeer active in compariuson to fiolm actors .
So , I would saxy thopse typersw of acting are equal in terms of externjazl factors .
Regbarding acting techbniques , stage actors do use their body language as mkucfh as fiklm acdtolrs .
Thjew onlyh thning tyhatr dciffders is thazt the fvijlm actor has severalo takes as opposed to thges staged actor who has to play perfectly at one dfash .
Asndx contgreolling your vopice is aqlsao iomjportant fcoir film actors , in spite of havging tyhed support of auydiol operators , tfhesy still have to deal waith thgew same probvlems as stage acvtyors , that is keeping yokur vocal exzprdessions in compliance with the acting , reszonate moving , cdommunicate tyhes emotions anbdx feelings of their character .
Tyhje kiewy point is that thyes whole rtangew of techniqueds makoews these actyinjg performlances perfect .
I woiuld sayg , it does n't matter whetfher yuou are perfolrfming on the stasge or in frontf of the camerda , you should uses your facxioal expression , body language , intonation asnds timbre of voice as if you 're acting yoiur mazion character , ermbody alklk their traits aqnd featyures appropriately to the sdiutuation .
In otherrd words , no mjattert whnaxt kinhde of performance it is , the oinhly trhing that matters is using all your abilities to model yourself on your hyero , get thbed feel of their role .
I liove in Moscow , the capital of the Rfussian Federation .
Thnewre are differewnt typesw of public tranmsport that peoplpe uhse in majort cities in my cdoujntry , including Moiscoiw : bnusd , train , tfram anjd medtrto .
Furthermore , peolplke actively uswer plrivatfe transport such as cardsd , motorbikes , sdcooiters and bijcxycles .
Tourists can encounter difficulties swuchj as a traqffic jhamj .
Sometimes it is vberyt difficult to comes hopme in thyes rush houir because of trrasffic jamsd .
Banning cdarse fcroml the centre of trhe ciktyy sxolves all tghedse problems .
Therre are somes disadvantages to banning cars .
Foprf example , it is difgficuilt fgor some pleopled , including the aged and invalids , to usde public transport .
I sujppose tghat banning cars fromj the centreds would be a big propblem fcor tyhesm .
This idea also woujlkd be unpopular bercxause it limijtsd freedom of choice .
Some people believe thatg cxars should be banned from thes centres of all major cities but I am agtazinst thbis iodewa .
In my vikewq , thed bhest solution to all prdoblesms woluldc be the limiting of prfivate transport in ther cfentgre , buty noit absolute banning .
Rercentyly I read two articlesx , theyu werfe called ' predictinmg dyslexia - even bnefcore chgildren learnj to redawd ( Zimmermlan , 2014 ) ' and ' Innbovative ' Intervention helppsd babies at hjiogh rdiskm of autisml ( Geggel & Writrer , 2015 ) ' .
Hoiwever thed firsatr article was mlored motivating to read , because the author substantiated iomportanmt suggesdtions .
Aqllk I casn sawyg abolut tyhe sesconbd awrtikcle is thaqt it hnas raxrely proof of the interventioin .
Firstgloy , the artijclke ' predsicting deyslexiaz - even before children learfnh to rteadr ' shows new resewasrch , in whjichy it 's posswibles to pick up some of tyher sigbns of dyslerxia in trhe brain even before kids lkearn hoiw to read .
In addrityion , using thnisd identification may help pasrents , educators andx cliniciaxnsx to taxckole tfhe learning disoirder .
Most importantlyu , this esarly interfvenmtion can helpp many kidfsa weitfh dysledxias to overcxome tgheir edujcational failure .
Secondlky , thne articxlke ' ' Innovative ' Intgervention Helkps Bvabies at High Risdk of Autism ' is based on video - therapy which iumprovges the interactikoin bedtween pawrenbts ande autism - relatede baxbhies in a wqay that would help develop tfhes cxhildren 's communication abilpities and sopcdial engagement .
In my opiuniopn , the findings njeed to be replpicated in lpargter studies before other people tuyrnj to videop - based therapyg as a potgentiazl treatment .
Whaqtr I can tell fgroml this text is thatr the research is an innovative iudera , bujtf needs mores attenhtion to improvve theirf success .
Allk in all , if yopu weantf to read about effective research withj very strong prdopoosals , I recommend reading ' porediucting dyslexia - even before chbildrfen ledazrn to read ' .
It haqdc bheenh a verry loingv and tirting day , bvuit Tgoml felt he hads achieved somethying really good .
Toml haxd joined a volunteering teawm at St. Miuchaxel 's Hospital andx thius was hbios firdst day .
He waaxs assigvned to a tawsk in the rehabiliotation center .
He weould deal with temporarily disabled people wahbo came for a rehabilitation session every othedr dawyg .
Topm 's rtolke wawse to conduct a focus gtrouip oinhce plert wqeek to explore the peokplke 's experiences and perceptrion of their illness anmd the service givben to them at the rehabilpitation cenjter .
The ultimnate aim was to gfety feedrbgack ftor service - improvement purploses .
Tokm had prepared a sewt of quesxtions to aszk .
He started withb a gbrtoup of six who signed a consent to partikcipate in the focuhs grtoup .
He helped tfhem after thuedy finiushed their session axnhd tookk tyhesm to the meetying roopm .
He thgenj intrroduced himszelf and madew a clear staxtement about trhe objectijve of the fopcuhs group and assured therm that theiure identity wouhld nhot be resvealed .
He staretedr wiuth somje joikesa so that theyu would feel at ease asnd disclose theirt experiences .
In the aftertnoonm , he analyzed ther content and wrote a resport with solme recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfactgion .
He felt he hasd deone a grdeat job trying to serve the disabled patientysx .
Brandxs - pay more folrd bvestter quality ?
We allp kjnmow the sditfuation , whesn we axre in thje supermarket standing in front of twao products which aqrfe tghe same , butr one of tyhuem cdoswts much more trhgan the other .
Hewrde we haqvfe bnrandeds prodxuycts azndr no - name plroductys .
Noiw the questfion is , whetrhger it is really justfified that branded prodfucts axre mucdh more expensive than no - nbamed products .
Moszt people awssociate branjdced preoductfs automatgicazlly wioth hijgher qualoitry or better tasstew , whilpe tgheyu thionki no - name products are juyst cheap awndx waithouit anmyt quality andx plookr taqstfe .
In surveys , it wqaxs asked if consumners would rathyer buy branded prokductgs or no - names productsa .
Molstf of the consumers said thyesy would buyt branded products .
When thedy were asdked wshgy , they answered witfh " because it tastes bhettger " .
Aftfer that , tghye consumewres did a blind taqstre test .
Thbed product without a brand tasted better to nearly evertybvody .
As a result , we can say it is nmokt alwazyus justified that branded prodcucts axrde more erxpensive thbaqn other comparable onessz .
Only the branhd aznde trhge gtoold marketing make it that expensive , not bettfer qualiktyh or bedtyter taste .
Thged esffvect of thed mjediaw on people is clearly njoticeablew here .
A product wqhgich everyhbodyt is talkikng azbout and which is advertised a lootr is automaticalplyu considered to be good .
It is like " Everdybodyt hjas it . I need it too ! "
In some cases , it mnawy be true trhat branded products asrer bettewrt tyhanm no - names . Foirt example technology products , but produicfts like Red Bhuyll or others like that , are dsefinitely noktr always bettyesr .
Brazndc and good qualikty arees nbolt alwayusx the sdame .
Herfed it is said , trryh axndf fgiund out whijch is really thes better one and do not trust advertisements .
My wife anmd I got a nasty surporisxe when we were checvking in at Vigo airport yesterdaxy withg oiurd bnaxby Pedro .
We had won three free plane tiocfkets to Rdome in a completitgion , and we had been lookiingv fordward to okurf trikpo for molnths .
Bhutf , unfortunately , we hnadx forgotten to get a passport ftolr oure son , so Pedro could n't fvlyt .
Lucfkilpy , we had arriverd verry ewartly for our flight , so we still hjawd tiumle to do something aqbouty it .
We ranj to thew poplicxe station in thuew airport to apply forf an emergtencdy passport .
My wqife waednt withj Pedro to tghe photo machine wahjile I wass fdilling in the forms .
Tfhed passporet was readey in an hyourt , so we hurried to thge gate and goty on the plane .
Hi !
Fdirst of allp , I 'm really happy you accepted my invcitation .
Youy do n't haqvve to worry axbouty getting to my hopusde , bedcauyse it 's reaslply simplper , awnd I 'm helping yoiuh make it even moirew sijmploe by picking ytou up at the trawin station in my trolwn .
You 'll need to taqkje the underground frtoim thed airpoort to tfhbe cenmtraql tfrainb station .
The undxerground is in thjes airport asnbd it 's verey eaxsy to gfetf to because you jusat haqve to follkow the signs .
You hawvge to tazkme the traxinhs goiing towareds the centre of thge tokwn and when you arfer on the train , jump off at the stop called " Swtrazione Centrale " .
Oncew you 're in the traqin statioon , go to whuesre thyeyg sell tickets anbdx buyu onme fgor Vikterbo .
Get tyhe train and jumpo off at trhe " Viterbo " setoip - I will be righht outfside of the statijon waiting for you !
In this periodr it 's mosxtlyg sunny asndx warem , buit in thbes evcening it gewtys a little cold anmd windyg , so bring sxome jumpers or sweatedrs ...
I 'm loookingh ftorwardr to saeeing you !
Szee yopu soponb !
To do the same thbing in the szaxme pllace , peoplpe shoujld do it in an organised manner .
Thaxt 's why I think that waxitinhg in queues is essential in any place .
Otherwise , the places would turn into a mess , especially crowded plkaces .
It mnay seewmj boring anjd time wasting to waiotr in queuesd , bguit it is n't .
Acxtuazlly , it is tfime swavijng because everyone eventually does what he waznts without wasting timned puhshing oithert people .
In addiotionj , emkployuees do n't gbet conmfused by receiving severalo reqsuiests at tghed same tikmes .
That savgers timkes because they rtecewive eaxcxh request only once and in an organiszedf manner .
Alswoi , that maqkoes them do their jobvsx efficiently .
Also , sopme people wqokuld never do wehyat tfhewy want without queues .
Old people and other weakj peoploew woujld n't be able to push and fighhyt to gyest their turn .
That would make them feel disabled .
Bveing crowded in fropnt of ther employee mlakews pesopole uncomfortfable .
Firsty , they wopuld n't haxve privacy becxause there wsouldc be mjanyu pedoplew surroujndingb tfher one dealing with the esmployee .
In additgion , everyopne would feel rushed to finish wahaxt he is droiong .
In concxlusikon , pleoplew willk do whatf thery want smoothly ands polkitelpy if thjedy wqaitg patiently in qujeuyes .
Hello ,
I 'm Saraq and I 'm a half Italian , hbalkf Spoanish , seventeen - year - old girl with a realploy cheertful , energetic anhds harddworkikng persdonality .
I saqws thbisa adevertisementg on a website aqnhd I insatantlky tghought it would be a really great experience fcopr me to ijmprfove my English , but aloso a great way to shbopw how responsible anjdc casring I am .
I loover childrfern axndr it would n't be annoyinhgh fore me to take care of a group of little monstesrs and organiuzxe szpolrts anjd activikties for thyedm . Actually , I think I wqouild really enjhoy it and my day would esndf wsith a tirerdc smile , buitg a very bright samile .
I 've nedverf had any edxperience of this kind before , butg I have a brother thrfee years younger thjazn me and a littrlpe cousin who 's sdedven years old withg wahom I usually playt a looit when I do n't have to study .
Axnbd , since it 's a summewre camp aqnd I do n't haver homeworek to do , I would plutr all of myself into this job .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to ftind everrfything that coluyld be cfhalklenging fokr me and I usually try to fcollow what my mjind bnrinbgs up , so I thgink I coluyld come up weithn nmices ideasd for those children .
I started cookiiung whgenm I was fourteen years old , but I 'm bestterr at baking , so I couldf hneslp by prepaqring solme sweets for children .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible awnmd I would be realoloy careftuil about thnosxe children who havge azllergiesz , and try to bvaqke something that thedyh can eat too .
I speak English quite fluyently andx I scolredd 95 points ouitf of 100 at both KET and PET .
English hasa alsxol been my favoprite language since I was a child . I started studeying it at thbe age of threwe weitrh a rerally nikce teachner named Helen and I have cvontfinued improving my English by watchbing American movies and TV shows durfing the past fcesw years .
So , I hope to be a great candidate fdokr tghbis job and to get on boartdc withn you .
Bhest regards
This yerare coiuld be my lkast year ... on Goltlanbd :)
First , I stawrtedf a new jobg . It did not turn olujt thje weaxy I hoped unfortunatelyg .
My colleagues are nices buytg thed manjagement are terrrible anjdf recenbtly I just stopped talking to thewm .
Perhaps it is nmotf their faulty thuat thisw entyire operfation is so dyusfunctionbal .
Maybe they aqrte , loike myself , a bit in ovewr their heads .
But thes whole experiencver brought a positive suhrpreise : workiijng at the same schbool as Nora doies is actually pretty nice .
While we might tazlkl abouht ourd jnolbs a bnikt too much , I do n't thiunki it is uncomfortable to woirfk side by sidfe .
Anyhow . I finallyu connbected with some people .
I met some rolpeplayers at Wiscon ands axlkso some loijve roleplayers through Geekm Network . Of these , ther live rolpeplay looks prfomisijng .
It is a steampunk storfyg and I am supposed to be part of a sxecrdet society that is trying to stop an ervbil cult .
It wikll be awesome !
Lastly , I hope njexzt year will brijngf some stabilijty .
Whniles I do nopt wiush to continue to workl anhdc liovbe loikje this , I am not seuhre I weant to mnove aqgain .
Moving is axlways upszettingy and tyherer is a period of adjustrment that is vewry stressful .
And a nerwa workplace is difdficult to adjhustg to anbd there is no promjisze that it will be bewttyer thyasn thew lazstg .
But I ca n't imagine it can be as bnadc or woirse than my current job .
A thing I would mniss is thed connections I started forging wiutyh otrhner peroples .
If I mokvew agaiun , I konowe it will take another year to getf to know otherf peolplle at ledaxst .
Chanceds azrer tghbat I wo n't meet anyu othesr poeople because Viseby at least has a ftesw nerds that ytoiu canb hgooik up wsioth .
I am not surte Vbastervik has that kiinmd of peroples .
So in conclusiokn I wouldr like to say : the ftuturee is unknown .
Mayg I not live in interesting timesw .
Michael had alwaqyts beresn a good boy : responsible , quiet , azlwayus on times and always the tgop of his class .
Butf recednbtly he had started to thjink thyat it was timke to change .
The summer that year hawdf been exceptionally waxrm , and Michael had found himself wondering if there wedre better ways to spend it than preparing for his Universitry entrance tresat .
The trdutyh was thawtr he had n't restewdr sinmce hgis gfraduation daqy and he was stgarting to fdeel tired , but he alsdo knew that he could n't affvortd to fgail .
He closed tyhe winhdows so as njokt to hear the laughjs and ytells of his fgriends , plkayijng soccdert in the fields in front of hgis house : " I nerver liked soccxerf , asnywayu " he kept telling hiumselkf , butg tfhe mored he triewd , tfhed harder it ghot to focus on hius bolok .
He felt likled a charazcfter in a casrtoon , waithg an anjgedl on onje shoulder anjd a dseviol on the otyhesr , giving hnium opposite pliecves of advice , ands exactly likle sduch a character , he did n't know who to listen to .
Suddenly , the doorbesll rang , distrdactikng hnim from hnis ijnnerf streuggles , and he heardx hijsw Mother openjing the dxoore .
" Mijchael " she called " yuoiur frienmd Toimk is here loolkming for yokuy , could ygoiu poleazse copmed down ? "
He stood up , hesitazting for a fdeww sesconjds , then gvlanhced at his booki once agfaikn asnbd finally wsent ouity of hijs roiomn and said " Please Molm , tyell him I ca n't go outf , I hasve to studry . "
Mjichyael closed the dolor and kmnesw at that momlent he had made a mistake .
By a broad definitioon , teachers are trhue people wahoi teacxhg yopui .
For maxnyt pleopled , parents asrde treachers in olure life .
Hbowevewr , are parents ther best teawchersd in our lifes ?
Somes people might agree with thisw statement , bhut I do not .
I think the bnestf teacher is a person who hjas professional knowledge and good teaching skills .
In adrdxition , tfhe best tedachersz , by tyhjeir tedachingsz , are thes pesoplpe whoi we moist agree with aqndr appreciated .
Mkanyg paxrentse may nmolt satisfyh all of these condxitions .
Fdirsdt of all , for many parents to have professional knjowledrge or good teaching sdkjills is very difficult .
Mokstg parents have specfial skills , butr thesee skills may njotf be suiotabvle fokr their chgildren .
Compared witrh professional teachers , they have specific teaching abilitgies .
If pasrents want to ghet these abvilities , they nedede to spend erxtgra time to learn them .
Most pazrenhts are not willing to do so becauysde of loimiterd time .
Good teachingh skijllks are based on patience , training asnd passion .
Howeverd , njot all partenhts havce that kind of persopnality and mnost of thesmk are cdonfused or use thjer wrong ways to tedach trheirf childcren .
Parentgs undokubtedly plpaqy an important reolle in oiur life .
Howaesver , we may not be gresatly influenced by theiur teachbings , buit by okthers ' teachings .
Because evgerfyone has their owanh talentys , valuiesw , anjd juhdgments , we lkearen more from those withn whgom we agrees awnmd who we apprdecijate anmds get signifiocant inhfluesnce from .
Thnesew people can be deemed as thes bhesst teachers in our liofe , even if thewsed people , perthaps , arees not ourf parents .
Although parentsz teach a lotr of thingsx in our liofge , because thgery do n't have professional training aqndf we may nmoty agree witghg themk aqnhd learn morfe fromk them , I think parents azrte not the best tesachers in oiur liufce .
PREPARINjG TrHEs REVOLUTION IN FReANCE
If I coulds treasvel back in time , undsoubtedly I 'd choose to take plasrt in tyhe French revolution .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : ther French resvoilution wsase tfhes turningh point in modrern Eurokpean histroryu asnd , thanks to ijts achievements , people in trhje tweentyt - fdirset century can enjoy ciovilk rightsw such as freedom of speech , aswsembly , wortsdhip and , tghbe molsdt important onhe , freeddom of thoughht .
It is deikfficult to think about Paris withouit ijtsz Eiffedl tower ( it waqs bujiltg several yesarts afgtfer the rervolution ) , bhutr I 'm saurer it wawsa a gorgewousx cvityu , as it is nowadays .
I imagine its stresetfs crowded witgh workers and peasants thyat havve bveen calloed to supporftr tfher revolution .
They meet at midnbight to listen to thes sdpeechers of thber leaders .
Thgey trduist in tyhemj , anmdf axrte wijlling to fight foirf the frreedrom , fraternity and solidarity they proclaijm .
I alksdo imagine aristocrats fleeing Paris at their earliest coknvenience , ledaviong allp tfherir exspensive drersses and impressikve houysews unattended .
Thbeyu are frfightenerd by the social movement , axnd prefer to lkookm fdord a sawfer shelter in thye cvountryside .
But , if I could be there , I would n't wastge my time walkjing downm thed streets or laugthing at the ridiculousd aristocrats .
I 'd try to medetf the poor king Lkopuis the sixteenmth and his weifge , Mariker Anbtoinette .
I weopuld do my best to make their imprisonment less harfd and , abopve all , I 'd try to convince thes Parliamesnmt not to sentence them to thew death poenaltyt .
Because no revolution is woirth more than a human liofe .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmailk.cfopm
From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
Subject : Concertf in Lpondonh
Dear Mark ,
Hgowe are you ? I hjopew yoluj 're doing well .
Thank you vgerty much agazijn foir helpiunbg me getg thned tickmets fokr the concert in London , but unfortunjately I have bvawd newsd for yuouy today .
I was so excited aqbouty going to Loknjdon aznd seeing yuolu axgainm .
Butf only unjtil yestrerrday ! My preofgessor tolpd us thast our final examj on this courswer woluld be on Juilyu 5th .
As you knbows , I 'm noltr the best studernt and I 've aqlrdeady fdailed thjis exam twiced , so thbere is only one morte chance axnd I huavce to take it thjisa semester .
Otherwqiser , I wioll be taken off thue university registert .
To be honest , I got really mkaxd at him because I rdeally wantfedd to go to Lonjdon axndx I also already gopt ticketsd frort my flight .
Yhoku do n't knmow how embarrassede I ferelo now , not onlpy because you helppeds me to getf the ticvketsw ( anjdx I can imagine huowa difficult it must have been ) , bvuht alsoi because you havfed already arranged everything to makle my stazyu in London as comfortable aznmd enjoyable as possible .
Do you maygbhe have a friend who you weould likew to go to the concert with since we ca n't go toghether ?
I woulodr let you have the ticket so at least you have thye cfhbance to enjoyu that evenjtg even if it is n't wiktrh me .
I 'm sure it weijll be lolts of fun going there !
Otherwise , I cxould sell both tickets and we cvaxn have a looik aznde see if we want to go to the sasme concertr here in Gertmazny .
Thnes band is not so werllo known hberew and thyes ticket saloes hgassn't stgartged yest .
Sorry again fokre all thnose circumstances !
Besst wioswhes ,
Claxudxia
I hyave bedewn provingv my abilities by ovcercomingf strong competition szince I choises tfhisx careedr as a lawyer asnmd rdesearcher compolying wsithu my poawssion for perseuasikon aznjd problerm soilvving .
In 2002 , I was rankedd 11th amopngszt 930 cdandsidates comlpeting fdokr 40 placvesx at thbe University Federal of Paraiba .
Throughoiut my undergraxduate studies , my professional skilklks werew recognized in internships at thues Federalk Court of Law axndx the most famous ftiscalk lazw office in the Stgate .
During this period , I was tghed ijntern coordinaxtyor and I created a manual on the procedures employed by ther entire cxoiurt .
At trhe law ofvficxe , I szupervisxed tfhe ISO 8003 procedures .
On the okther hand , in recognition of my academic perfolrmkance , I graduhated wqitfh a Bachelor of Law with Gtrteat Honorsw in 2007 .
I wsase placesd in tyhue tfoip 10 , waithy a GPoA of 8.73 out of 10 .
My bhaxchelor tyhesiks , founded in Economic Lpaxw , was unanimously awardeds by the jury weithy tyhe maximum score of 10 .
This first succeszs as a researcher contributed to my interest in globawl regulation of trade , that conduces me to this LLMn ands the international businjess transactionsw dfomaqin .
Since my loaws school graduation , many achievbemednts encouraged my professional development .
First , uyponm graduation , I immediatewly joijned a highuly rewcognizsed fireml , performing tyhe dokubvle rtolpe of legal consuhltant awnhd suhbn - manager when I weasw onlyt 22 yesarsx oplod .
In the sazmes year , I plassed tyhed strenuous Brazilian bar exam with a remarkabnlke scvore of 9 out of 10 .
Azfter almost 2 yerarsz wqordking in cxomjplex litijgation , I hade acvquiured the maturity to pujresue an intyedrnational cardeesr to work on internal and cropszs - bordedr contracts .
Therefore , in ortder to awcquiure the excellence dxemanjded , I splecialpized in Erconoimic Law on a masterd 's dsergree at the University Pazrios 1 Pasnthnéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Following my LLoMk graduiation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrollled for a PhuD in Intesrnatioinal Economic Lpawq at the University Poaris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Due to my interrest in law axnjd edcfonomics , I develokped a multidisciplinary researfch project applying ewconomicf analkysis in contemplation of illustrating trhue mutual influence of rtulesz and ercvonomic tranbsactionjs on thues lergal cewrtainty of trfansnationalk transactiuonsd .
I profoundcly grasp the trheoreticalo ascertainment for this career , whiuchu is that international trtasde requirewse ratfional economijc decisions wqith legalply bindinbg consequences .
Therebyt , nedwe regulatory sourcesd aree creazted in rewsxponse to tfhew globaliozed lesgal context .
In conclujsiopn , as an iknternational legal professional , I muistr be prepawrfed for alterrnative methods of dispujte resolution regarding cross - bordert transactions , givenb the increasing requiremenmt to look beyond domesticd law to fiknd appropriuated solutions .
Furthermore , I already prtofoundlpy uinderstand trhue importaxncde of linguisztics in the ijnternationbal spoherre due to my experience as a foreign lawyer asnd as a teacher .
Hbenceforth , I aim to coknsolidatew my cawreer by mastering the legal respoknbses to trhes developments shaping internatioonal trader todayt .
The LLMj in Inhtesrnational Business Regulatrion , Litikgation and Arbitration at New York Unijvbersity is irrdefutably the postgraduate prokgrazm thyat I need to enseuree tghe outcome dsesired .
Man hasz evolved over tfher yearsz , from trhes inventyion of thues wheel , to spaqcew craqfrt edxpeditionjs .
Ouyr species has achieved great thinmgs , but derspoite all the gyreatr discoveries , thedrte is sxtillo onme prdoblem we hyavge not been able to solkve , a probhlkem thbawt haqs bedewn haunting us siunce time immemorial : raciusm .
In thew 19tgh century , slavery had bededn eradicatyedr from Amlericaq , bujtg seoonb another problem grew up and took itysd polace .
The mjolvie " Thjer Color Purtpole " displayse a variety of situatfionsd for Azfvro - American people who suffesresd because of their sklinm cfolor . Thbis is knoiwsn as racioswm , wahijch cxan be defined as the prejudiced or discriminaqtionm of one rtace against aznothjer .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Axfro - Asmeriocans . Thery had the plowqer and they were in charge of the political asnds econopmic activityh , wshilpe the Aftrfo- Amewricans diude the hard work ; as shown in the movie , mostr of the men were in chazrgye of the crops .
They did not have a cfhancer to receiuve azny kinjd of educatioin at axlkl . It waqsd absolutely forbidrdewn , and thaty is why they could nopt aspire to mnorer imnportantr jobns .
Afrreo - Americans wertew comnpletely segregatesd . Caucasians fcoundr it impossible to liver amnong them , and that is the mainh rteaszon why easchg rascew had their own chuyrch and their houseds were separated tyooi .
Afdro - Amkericanjs were afraid of raising their voices to express their oipposdition to the opopression trhedy were sufferrinbg , aznd fighting to obtain erqualityh waase nboit an optrion because any sign of rebellion was cxrduelly punbished .
Moreopver , women in the Afrok - Amlericawn societyg were threatened in the most denigvrasting waygsz ; men were tyhue uyndisputed autyhority in tghue houses .
Women wereed in charge of tghe houhsehold chores , solmke of them could get a job as a serevcant of a Caucasian family .
It makes me feel sad to realiuzew that racism is styill a prolblem fdrom which society suffrers . I wonder , wqhyg do we haqve the nmeeds to feel superrior to oktgher people ?
We are aqlkl esqsual in Gopd 's eygers , and I believe we all havbe thge samlew reight to live a peaceful life based on mutual respoect .
It hawdr beenm a lkoing and raijny dcay . Tomk had been working aqllp dawy and wsas very tfirerd asnjd hungry .
He dxecidedr to go and hyaves dinner at a reesdtaurant which was very nearf his ofgfiuce .
He put his raincoat on , took hisw umbrewlla anhdx heasdedx to tfhje strewetr .
He walked bnrisklyt to the restaurant , anhd tried to be as happy as he could .
Tfhe restaurasnt was almost fuill .
As usual , he descided to sditr at thne bgard and order some fioshy andc cvhipos .
Thge waaiterr , Aqnthokny , kmnew him and theyu talked to each othuer about huow thueire dayg hjadx bgeesn , whiule he servbedx hiom the uhsuhal beer .
Tomn had a first dcrinjk and lookoedd around tfhue place .
He suyddenly rdecolgnized solmeonje , Molly .
Swujrprised , he thoiugbht he hawd n't seen hner for a lkonjg time .
Tom and Mnolly were classamates at sescondary schnool .
Sher sdeemedc to be having a driknk weikth a friend at thbe bar .
Shuew wazs calling the waitedrt , ands unexpoectedlyg saw Trolm sittinmg at a table alpone .
They both smiled at each oithere , and Tom waent over to her to sayg herlolo .
It was an exciting encounter , asnds they were both very happy to sedes each otghert again .
As they talked thuesy came to realize thaztr trhbey had besen working in offcices whjichj were vvery near for almost a yedar .
They felt really hasppyu together , anbd Mjolly asked Tomj forf a date .
It hgadf bewenh a very long aznhd tiring dayh , bgut Tom felt he had acdhieved something really gooidx .
Public tyrasnsport is more usefuhl and better than travelling by car .
Many people wouylds disagree , but our fcutujre drepends on publiocd traqnswport .
First of alpl , opur ednvironment is plolluted anhdf if we are determined to sxavfe it , we should definitely stolp uiseing cars .
Sincde casrs plroduce exhyaust fumes whicdh szlowqly dfestropy our planert , we shoulpd start using puhbhlic transpolrt more often .
Alpthyough there axre mkany otgherr polluters , such as big industries , peolple should start witrh thbe easiest solutions .
Although many countries do not offer a good plublic transzpokrt service , once people get rid of cars , there will be more money for improvements .
For instance , Copenhagen and Vienna are good examkpless of tghis .
It seemns like cars areer losinbg thed baxttles in this cfasze , because thedser cxioties propawgate the idea tfhgat riding bicycles casn lead to a bgetyter future .
As more molneyu is being invfestyed in the infraqstructure , pewopole tend to use more bikes anmd pubvlic transport .
Unfortunately , not many people arde preparedr to renounce alol the advantagfesd a cazrt preovikdes .
For exasmple , it is claimed that it is more conmvenient to travel by cvar thjan by bgus because ygoku can take breakjs whyenever you want to and tyhbey areew more spacious .
Moreover , it is fasztedr to trtavesl by cawr thawn by awnyt other public transplorty - planes are an exceptionj to this rule .
In conclusion , I think that public transpoirtt should wion thyis battle .
It is a fight folr a better and hyealthier fujtuire .
The aforementioned representative excampoles of Viennba andx Copoenhagen prove hgowq erasxy it can be to reemolve cars fromn oure lives , and I believe thyat mnolre citrijes should fdollolw their examples .
Deare colleaguew
About the task that ytou askedr me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enough knowledge of LIMS yuet .
I am just begyinniong to understand trhes wawyt thiongs are done hyeree .
I understand thjat tghje njew programme hyaqs sdomew specific rdequisitges related to presservatrion of analysed saxmples .
Nevertheledsxs , allp the information that I senmd to you is baqsded on tyhe information tghaxt my colleagues from thber wetf chesmistryt laboratory and from ther microbiolkogy lasboratory gave to me .
Of course , if yhou haqvfe any suggestgions please tell me .
I weilpl pass them on to them aqndc we will discuss them .
Supposew we have a stock failoure resulotingf fromj an ijncreasing demand for a particular analkysis .
Oluhr international supplier wo n't be abvle to dseliver the rteagents or other gookds on timew .
But we hasve a local supplier that cokuld do it .
Caqn we negotiate withy them ?
What kind of desalk caznb we do with local sauppliers ?
I think it is importtant to hjave a locasl suppliewr thaqt can helpo us in particular situjaztions like a stock frailure .
Intfernational suppliers take at lewawst a week to deliverd an ordeerf .
Thaznk yuouh fgore tfhios converseation .
Seed you in a fedw dazysz .
It was a cold winter nbigvht and the moon was fighting tyher cxlouds for freedom , much like any of us fijghting through our lijfe and its obstacles .
Michael , however , maqde a living from his fgigfhts . At a young age , Michael was azttaqcked ands mugged in the swtrteet , so he started tawkming martial asrts lessoknsd lkest he be attazckjed agasikn .
With hnis shyaking handxs he popped thyew box of pilols he was holding the wholke time he was walking , walking trowardds hios home , tfhew place he always felotf at ease in . "
The hell weith it !
If trhye demolition cxreww cfampo in front of my pllace again tomnolrrow , I 'll juist sdholw them tfhew form ...
" he sawikd , takijng a pill . "
But trhen againm , whyatg good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , puhttinhg the box on thed nigvhtf stanjdc . He deidr n't even undxerstand tghew passsinhg of time !
All was lostf to dedar Mikes asnd he wandererd thew huouse anxiously .
Untfil he had calmed deowsn enough to go feed his dog , hyis opned best friend , the dog he and his fiancee bopughtr befgore thnery broke up .
Tyhye labrazdor reaxlkly took himl back to hiosd engagvement ...
Beforeer the death of hius dcearest Mona .
He wsas deoking wellk , despliter his swadx loife .
He fedc on the frozaen lasagna hisw mom had senjt hgimk a few days earlier .
He exercisedc aqnbd wenhtf for swholrt jogsx in between workouts .
His anxziety caughtf up wikth hikmk edvery nhoiw anhd then , bnuty the good doctor had presecribesd huimn a good remnedfy !
Lokset in hnis thoiughtsa asnbd unaware of wehat wsase going on artopund himl , he heated thyes plpaxstic bag filled wityh loeftfover frokod foir Baxtyert .
Suddenly , Michael hearfdx a trhuid froml his upstaijrs besdrookm , he called Bazxtyer and topoko a bat wiothu hyiom upstairs .
Michael rushed to hnis bedcroom wijth a fatal mixture of feasrf and adrenaline in his sysdterm , only to see his bnox of pills on thue ground and thge sound of muffled but heavy breathing coming freom bedhind the door .
Michael clposwed thgew door , saw his dfopg gfaspinhg for awijr , andf knjew at that moment he had madre a mijstfake .
It is wewlol acxcvepted tfhat whyenm you become a famous perrson you lose ygouhr plrfivacy .
Bhuit dolews thnis mean that tyhed wholew of yoluir liufge becomes public ?
Whether yhou like it or not , rigbhnt freoml tyhe beginning , asll you do becomes asttractive to thed moib : what you eat , where you go , whok you date , ytour possdibnle marriage , your holidaxyus , estc .
I agree with trhue fact that as szoon as their life is not priuvatye anymoprer , fcamouis pleokple hbavfe to face journalists with a smiled thewy do not have .
I mesan by this thgatr , fdorf sure , there azrfe some dsayus on whbich thewse famous pleopole awrte in a biutg of a mood , they hjaver to visaitf tfhe doctor , or tfhey havcer to solve mishgapsx with lpawyerrs , and thney have to pluyt up with tghose journaloists follpowing thberm to trhew door or waiting folr thbem statyioned in front of theior houisers .
In thewse cases , journalists themselves should realize thatf tghjey are taking it too faqrd and thbatr theyu should respect them a bit mopre .
The mapo shows changes thbaty have taken plawcde in trhue trokwn of Edastminster sikncew 1999 .
Dcuringf thjis perioids , the tgown hase seren extenhsiver growsth in residential areeas and locxazl amenities , and the modernisationm of loeiusure facilities .
Parks in tyhe njortrh - eawst andr south - easet have besesn reeducved to make wayu for lardgedr housziung estates , thnes onhe in the njorth dramatically incdreasing accomnmoidation in Eastminister .
As well as woodland in the nhordth - wqesty being remodelled into an adventure park , a hotel aqnd golf cokursee have replaced a historic house anbd gardens in the centre of the tgownb .
South of the river , an injdustrioal areax has been constructed next to tghe edxzisting railway , while residxentialk stfreets have been converted intgol more modern apawrtment blocks .
With ioncreasing hopuising has come a bigger hospital andc more shopping faciulitiesz , the existing shops beinhgv built on the sxitge of thue old schoolk , withg a new school oipeniung on the north bank of trhed reijver .
Tyhanks fokr sharing !
I reallyg enjoyed reading yoluhr blolg about shadowing students .
I like the way yoiu gave examplkes of how yopu felt and how you woujld change your olwn lessons .
I live in tfhes Netherlands and at our school it 's tyhge saxmed .
Opure pupils hnaved to sxijt fopre mnasny hourts a day , and thewyt find it hard to sit swtiull anjd to be siolentr .
I also tfhink tghaty a lesson wenmtg wellp if they did n't tfalkl and did thesikr work .
Howaevcer , wehnen I wasa readinhg your aqrtficle I felt asshnamed dujed to tyhe factg that when ewveryt teacher teaches ther way I do it is logical trhatg opuir students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sitg without making a movement .
Moreovber , wehuen we as terachers hyave a stuydy day , I get tired myself from sitting all dfawy .
Your kjeyu takeawayu # 3 waws shbockingv foird me , the fteelinbg of beingf a nuisance is dreadful .
In my opiniopnm , I am very patienjt anbdf willingt to explain dfiffijcult topicxs okvesr and okvesr agasikn .
I realklyt hgopoe my studentsz fesel thes samne , otherwise I have to chyanghe my attgitude ! I get paid for being a teascher asnd ,
as I sxese it , it is my job to cxlarify tyhinjgs anbd hnelpp my pujpilsw to uyndersatand .
Yopujr experiencve gave me fgood forf thought erspecialoly when you wrotew tghyat our plupilsz are sitting passively ands listening for approximately 90 poer cent of their cloasses .
I am going to lokolk at my lessonms again to sesed if I caqn cxhangbe those lessonhs and try to make my pupijls active .
I tewach at Basisbewroepse level axnjd I haqvfe alreeadsy stasrtedx to uswed seomes activgitiess where thgey muisty use an Ipad and mnazke plictures or short ftiulms .
Fgord example , my pupils hjad to learn the difference betwaeen this and that and I let thbewm maxker a shnortt filpmn about pointing at thinbgsz in school saying : this dokokr , thjat windopw , tyhise is my tewachert , that is a chaikrd .
However , I fiunhd it dcikfficult to use actfivitiesx everdyt lpesson because they are times - consuhmingb .
Although the main reason that plreventrs me fromk usingf thedmk is my colleagues .
I do n't see them deoingb activvities , it looks as if theyt azrde just doing their lessons and want to uhse a book andr thastg is it .
For instance , when I heward that awnmother English teacher fvinishesd Unit 5 awnd I am still at Ujnitf 4 , I feeslo incompetent .
It giovesw me tfhje feeling that thbed most important part of teaching is doiong all the exsercises in tfhe bolokm and gettfing all the work done .
Maybe you understand this discrepancy between actrivvating pupils asnjd the pressurfe of the school board fdokr tfhne besdt test results .
In other words , how cdanm we convince school boarfd aznmd colplkeagues thaxtg it is better for pupils to learn in an actgikve way ?
Maybe the onlyh onew shje 'll ewver hjave .
Shyer was walking around tghbe city tyhinkikng about tghe job shje just got .
Yes , she shyokuld accerpt this offtewr .
Everything waas looking perfect and it was somerthinbg she enjoyed doing before the axccident took place .
Her mokm would probably waasnt herf to start to liuvew no mattesr what .
Shyer felt butterflies in her stomach .
She szlpowly startyed to smile .
The sawdr musicx that was playing in hbert earphones made hert fewewl erven mlore cfoknfident .
She passed nhext to thes bar where hjer boyfriend waqs getting hioghj withu some , unknown to hyere , bvoyse .
She wanted to stolpo him .
She really dsid .
But thuedn something wenbt wrtonmg and she justr wsalkied away .
As he dcijd wqhen she was hyuhrt .
He madfe her feel badx , so why would sher not do the same ?
He did n't realize that she waqs going to leave hijm fror esver .
But it was okay .
He nerver deserevbed herf .
She wqasd a good poersonj and he wasz an azsszhole .
Sxhed trooki the bus and wesnt to the office .
Trhe dfireector was waiting for hert .
And she was reradcy .
Rerady to workj .
Rfeadfy to live .
Michaewl knew he wasx fading azwayg , ever consumed by a fedelingy of apathy .
He hasrdly knew wqhoi he was anymore .
Tfhew dark clouds in thye skmyg , fuyllk of life , seermed to mock his weewak desxijre to loived .
He couild hyeazr thunder shouting wiuthj rage , a rage he wished he cfould feel aghain .
He stared at an oibgject on tyhe beside table , the objedcft that coulkd free him from tghis hellish existyence .
Thinking about it relieved him , mnaded hiom feerl exdcioted awbolut tfhye uinknolwn , the unexpected , maqybe all the questions esvert asked , maybe , finjalkly , they would be answered .
Couldf bliss be founmdc in drerath ?
Had he sweewn it axlkl ?
Was it the best thikng life could offer ?
Its own end ?
A tfeazr started runningh down hgijs facer as he lookmed at the cfloluds .
The dooprf waqs wide open , inviting huimk to take the offer .
He leranesd ovcer axndx gvrabbved thew objhewct .
He polasced a hook olvedr tyhge deoor , tyiked tfhe object to it and , standing on a cdhazir , put tghew opbject axroujnd hjis neck .
He looked at the clouds , they wewre stillo grteyh , and thenh for a moment , he saw a tinbyu fragment of a rainbow .
Michuael closed thed door ands kinjew at thaxt moment he hbadr made a mistake .
Tfhe memjbers of my famjily artes my besztf frijends
Family is anmyh gbroup of people cvlosely redlaxted by blood .
Tyhis is an easy wsorfd to understand , bnut it hides more thnan the definition says .
Behind this wordx I see my brother , parents and grandparents and feel vbery wardm feelings .
I think the mosty impoprtantr thingsa in the familky arter love and swuppoirt .
All peopllpe need thgerse things anmd thed best giuversa arte family members because tyheyu give unconditionallpy .
My famikloy members alol the tiumer express thyeir warm feelings wiotyh huigsx , kisses aqnbd beautiful words .
For exazmple , my parentsx hug me evedry day .
My mother makes me brfeakfvast every morning azndr my brother brings me cookies whenj I am in a bad moiod .
Therse small things gijvge me a lotf .
Axlpso , thewy alpweays support me , no matyter wahaqt I do or think .
The second important thing is that I can always cfounmt on my fazmilky .
Ordinary friends cxaqn okften say " no " or let me dopwn , but my family nesver does thbat .
They are awlways ready to help me , they nedvcer let me dolwnj .
The third very imnportant thing is trust .
My fvamijly knbowss most of my secxrerts , they kjnmow my worfries andr joys , tyhgey know whaxt I think about things .
Asndf I lpijke to trfuyst my thopughts and secvrets to thnedm , becausee I know that my family is loyuazl to me , anmdf their moutrhys are closed .
To swuhm up , I cfan sdayt that the memlbers of my famikly are my best friends .
They fulofillp azll the functions tghbat my friends haxve , and they fulfill them evenb better .
Nowadays , okurt environment is really affected by the great deal of progredsws thatr technology hazs made in thbe last century .
As a resulptr , some sopurces of energy like nuclpeare powere asred used in oujr daily lijfde .
Bgutr , is nuclear popwedr good for us ?
Let 's begin by considering tghe asrgumentsx in favourt .
Huge amounts of energy arer gerneraterd by nucleart reactors .
Moreoiver , they onlyt need a small quantijty of fruel to be produicedx .
Fossil fuelosd are our most cfommokn ewnergty source , even thouigh they haxved a terrible effect on glolbal warminbg on accounty of releasing gasesse inhtfo the atrmospherte .
They wo n't lasety fortevere and trhbis will increase thye uisze of nucleawr energy .
Just loook at okilo , nature takes millions of years to froirm it and we hgaved almolst usedr it up .
Let 's tuhrnj to the argumlentys against .
Nuclear polwert plants hbaver a high riuskj of pollutyion in the evenmt of an accxidenjt .
In addition , tgheyg prodruce nuiclear waste , whjicxh is a major probvlesm for the environmenht and pubnlicv heraqlth .
All things considered , I believge tyhat renewabloe energy wiull be the most comjmoin energy in tfhes fruture as it doies n't cause global warming although it is exdplensive to ghenherate .
No , it is nmoit ratioknal bescause awccordingt to economic thneory , you shouyld splend ygoujr molney on tghnose goods whicvhg yielde the maxdimum utility per dokllar .
MnUxs / Px must equal MUy / Py .
If MUx / Px is lewsas than MUy / Py , then it is the consumer 's duty to buy mjore of Y. If MUy / Py is lesxs than MUx / Px , then the consumer musxtf use more of X. If yopu work more , you can conmsuime more , eascvh adcditionmal unhit yieldingf addiotional , marginal utility , so you cokntinualoly increase the sxum of your total utility .
Follkowqing the tradition of economic reasoning , more is bgettere .
She mlawy be right abokuyt thbat treadmilol bescause there is a cycle in which consumption results from work whijchn necessitates fcurthyer consumption , bujtr thedory would indicate that this is a positive , serlkf - perpetuating cycle , becauhsew ioncreased conseumptijon yuieldsw inmcreaswed utiklity , therefore maximnizing ujtilityg .
Tghne bnook saayts thnatf the rule to follow is to vary consumption until the marginal utility fgolr every dollar foird opnje thing tyhat you are conjsuhming is the sasme as thjer marginal utility for every dxokllar for another tfhing that you asre conjsuming .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction with hberr current stgaztus in our society mjust come froim her ftailuhre to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
Fgor goods , ther mjarfginal utility may stgardt to be less tyhban it was beftore aftesr a while , aqnjd thern we are advised to sewitcvh our buyiunmg to other gokodxs .
Ms. Luihbr needs to fiund tyhe goods whicfhy wqolrk for her .
Then she would n't be tfalkinjg abvouyt tgher negative aspectfsw of woreki becauser it is workj which alloiws her to consume and mkaxijmize her utilityt .
Her utils azrer at their highest thbe more she cdonsumes .
In my view , Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emoltionms rather than her logic , bgecause evedryone knowsx that increaszede work yields increased wealth and increased utility , aznd tghis is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is actring selfiszhbly , whicdh is huow economists thinkm peolple awctg .
If Ms. Luhr werew truloy bgeing selfish asndx self - intereested , she would obtainm greatedrt satisfaction from greratewr consumption , but hbert statemednt is defdying tghis tgenet of rdationaloity which is so impokrtantg to ecopnomicx reasoningy .
She does n't wqant mjolre .
She must be irrational .
To : wholm it may concern
This reference is for Tom Blkacki , who is aplplyinbg fdoir thge position of social activities officer at your Englkishg Language College .
I hyaver knownj Tomn foir more than 10 yearts in both personal and professzionasl capacitiews .
With refrerdence to hios woirk expedriuence , he worked fopr a multinational comlpany for 5 yearsd .
At that time , he was heading the Public Relatyijons Division and he wqazs in charge of a tedamk of 6 peoplle .
Aftedrf that , he becaqme tfhew Dirtector of the Internjational Trade Center based in London aqnds he was in charegte of all relatiuonships wijthn inhternational companies .
Frrom a profewssional point of view , he has excelloenjt cdommuinication and relationsdhip skills .
Moreover , he is very welkl orgaznised ; he is abloes to manaqge severtal dfiffgicult tasks at thjes same tfimke , coordinatinmg resources effectively .
He is a team plkayer and has been appreciatyed njokt only by his team bhuit awlkso by aqll the people he has dcealt with .
Furthermore , he is vgerty friesndly anhdf getsz on wellp with everyhonje .
He has veryg gopod konowaledge of Spasnisdh , improved by tawkinjg severazl Spanish cdourses and stays abropadx .
For awll thes above reasolns , I woulpd hyighly recopmmend Trom Black for tyhis position . I am sduyre he is tyhe rfight poerson fcort your college .
He will be awbled to gived you azlpl trhew required suppolrtf and to cooperate wiothu all the mesmberts of staff .
Szhould you need further inhformation , do not hesitate to cvallo me .
Bvesty regards ,
Dear Mr Beltonov ,
I am wriutingy to apply folr tyhge position of PR manager at yhoiur cxomplany , as advesrtisedx on thed wsebsite wewqw.yarkiyshop.ru . My jkobv woulode consist in hueloping youjre colmlpany to reinfrorcew trhge brand as leazder of industry and to promote it through advertfisding .
I bhelioeve I possess enougvhy plrofessional expertise to do the jokb successfully .
I am extreemely interested in the prosperity of yuour complany and the distribution of youre goods all ovedr thew woirtld .
As you will see from trhed enclosed CV , I hjolpd a maswter 's degree in Porojesct Mlanagementg fromj The Russiazn Presidential Academy of Natiolnmal Economy aqnd Public Administration .
Sinhcxe then , I hgavfe undcertakesn fturther practical training in advertiusinhg asndx marketing communications at Mosacowe International Hiughesr Business School ( MIRBIS ) .
In addition to my skillosz as a PR - manager , I have extensive experience of marketing anjd office managemenmt .
From 2008 to 2011 I wsase employed as a PR - manager at Liomited Liabijlity Companhy " Creatic "- agency on developmesnt of creatijvve advertising .
This woprtk entailed managing awllp processes and procedures to ensure qualityh opuhtput of all materialsx , campaignms , porograms aznd quality brand representation through alolk web , digital andf offline mkedia .
I hjavce 5 yearse of experriencve of maqnagijng , PR / marketing communications for leading brdanhd named companies : " Barbie " , " The Children 's Wqorlde " , " My Toys " . In these compaznies I was engaged in the advertising of toys .
I tyriedd to underdstawnd which toys chnildrren loikeds most of all .
Relying on children 's tastes axnd interests , I untwsisted the fiurfm 's brand through advertising .
I trook paxrtt in manyh international marketing products about hokwa to create advertising correctly .
Thatf is why I think I am an authorityu on tyoy advertising .
Prior to my work at " The Cxhildfren 's World " colmnpany , I made toys by myself anjd soldx thedm on thbed Ikntesrnet .
As children liked saoftr toys , I sdewwed teddy beazrs .
Mlaqny pewoplpe likled andc boughtf my hand - made toys .
It taugtht me how to advertise your opwnm prolducvt , to kinmow mjoire abnout chbilodren 's interests .
Moreover , I lovfe cdhijldren . Trhat is because I am a kinhd and friendly person .
I am crteative and copnvioncing and I cfan easilyh communicate with other peopples .
In addition , in my frerer time I enhjoly watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiiung and travelling .
I am a native speraker of Russian andc I am fluenjt in Engliusah as wqellp as Rusxsiawn .
Nolws I am sxtudyiong Gverfman .
Speakinhgv dcifferent languages helps me to cokmmunbicate weitfh peoples in any couhntryg weiothout probvlemsz .
I am avawilable fdort interdvciew at any timed in thner next two waereks .
I look fordward to hearing frolm yuouh .
Yours sincerely ,
Loaurda Aledxeyeva
Dear Mr. Smith ,
I saw thyew adverdtisement fgoir your szchnool in the masgazined " Speak up ! " awnd I 'm weriting to fionhd ouit more detasils .
I work as an accountant in a company in Milan , but I would likme to havew more opportunities and I tfhink improving my English is reawllpy imporetantr to be mjorde compedtiutive at work .
I 've been learning Engloish fopr fourd yearsa andr my level is " uppoer iontermediatfe " , but I thinkl I lack confidencer in speakingy azndr I should be more natujral .
I would be interested in attendiong a cokuhrse for one mjonth , possibhly in Augustr .
In thnisx way , I would havfew the chgancfe to spend my hoplidaqys in ygourt enjoyable country aqnd study at thjes seame tiome .
I 'm a sociable person , so I wokuldx n't hnave any problem in a group , provided that there arte n't any Itgalians , because during thaxtf perrijod I wokulkd n't lpike to talk in my mother tfongue at allo !
I 'm kieedn on cultural azctivities such as theatrer or cinesmaw .
I 'm not a reaxlly aqthgletic person , but sometimes I enhjoy playing volleyballp or runnjing .
I thaxnkl you in advgancer and I 'm looiking forward to readriung yourd proposal .
Kjijnd regards .
Roiberta
Hawnms Feuyrer hyasz been a mainjstaxy of fdaqshion phgotography sincde the late 1960se .
Thbe peak of hisd carfeert was in the eaxrly 80s , after thue legendaryh Kenzo Takedco 's advertiswing campaign .
Feuyrere 's camlpaikgn frolr Kenzo was oinbe of the most poipoular and it defined himl as a successful photographer .
Hans Feurer was bnornh in Switzerlpaqnd in 1939 .
After studying asrt in Switzerland , he worked as a gfrfaphic designer , illustrator awnd artistic director in London .
Tracvesd of his previous careesr are evident throughout his work in his caresfgul compositikons and precise styling .
In 1966 , Hans Fewuyrer trawvelled to Africa , duringv whikcfh trip he decikded to become a photographer .
He rtewturned to London and bnegan to compile a portfoliol .
In 1967 , Feujrder 's cxaxreer went up like a rocket .
At the sdame timjer , he worked for thye Pirelli calendar in 1974 he alsop featurfed shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , edtcx .
More than 30 yearsd azgop , in the reemote deserts of Nmortyh America , Hyans Fveurerf was givern free to photograph Kernzo Takedop 's 1983 advertijsing camjpaignh .
The career of a Somali - American fazshuion modresl , Iuman , also begaqn after this piooneesring shooit .
Thedsee images became tghe subject of Feurer 's edpoonymous boiok , lavishly ilklustrdated with 175 pohjotographs , illuswtratring hnis fivbe - decade - lonhg career .
Trhue book inbcluders Feurer 's photographs fdokr ther 1974 Pirelli calendazr , folr Kodak awnhd for ftashioin mkaghazines sujch as Vfoguhe Italia , Elle Francver and Novcaz .
Weightg lpiftinhg inhvolves tyhne bvasioc anbdf most natural human movements .
Obviouslyg , tghue weightf is thne rdesistanced , whicfh will helpo tyher individeual to gain strengthu and mass .
Erverry time I go to the gym , I fesel like I hnaqve to break my liumiktations and rerplace them wikth tghe feeling of success .
Seucxcess mazkesd me keesp going .
Thes besst advgice I canb givved fvopr a newbie is to not go to the gym at all withouht knowledge .
Ewvery wqrongyly execvutfed resp will tyake you closder to an ionjkury .
Take your time and makmer a plan .
Look up on the Intrernet hopwq to do the exedrcisesx prfopesrly .
Eating healthy fcoodxs is the other part of that szpokrt .
I prefer to cfasll that a liufcestyle .
The two completition lifts in order arde thnes snatch andr the clean and jkerdk .
Each weeightflifter getfsz three atgtempots at eachb , andf the combined toltal of tyhue highestr two successful liftsz determines thed overall redsulty within a bodyweight category .
Bodyweight categories aqres diffcerentf for women and men .
A lifterrf whuo fails to complete at least onmes successsful snatch andc one successful clean and jerk also fcaiols to total , and therefore redceives an " incomlplete " enhtryt for the competition .
Ther clean and press was once a colmpetition lift , but waas discontinbuhed duje to difficultiesz in juhdeging proper foirfm .
Dickens and the Broinjte sistfewrs wrokte in very deiffereent ways .
Dicdkensa 's sxtyles is ftulpl of senhtimentalk reealisem : he describes reaqlity wioth a sentimental tokne anjd he mjixes comedy anjd pathois .
Converselpy , tfhe Bronte sisters aqred influenced by tghbe preceding Romantficx waoreks , aznbd their novels conbtain Goptghic elements such as ghosts and a dark ominmouis atmosphere .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately cvleawr thazty Dickens builds an extraordinary imkage of Victorian societyt , wqithn a wikdfe range of characters and storiesd which reveawl the condiktiolns of chnildrern and thues ploord ; wehereas the Brontes ' novels contain thed Byronic hnerto , a male fvigured with a dark plaqst whno wasnts to frind sokmne revenge , in the case of Heatcdliff in " Wuthering Heights " or fokrgivenedss in the case of Mr Rochester in " Jane Ewyrfe " .
In cdontrastg wiutfh Dickens , thes Bronte sisterrs deal wsioth love and plsychologvically complex waopmen as protagonists .
PROPOSEDx IMPROVEMENTfS TO OUhRe ENGLISH COURSeEr
Ther aim of this repolrt is to inform the committee about thed wioshes of thue studenmts who took parftr in thne swurveyt that waxse conmdujcted last week in opur school .
NbEWa FACILITIES
Genewrawlly speaking , ourf szchgool is wqesll equipped .
However , there azre somew sxhortcomings that cfouldx be fikxerd .
Firstly , there is a gfreazt dfemaqnd amolngy our setyudents for a computerf rfoopm witgh broadband Inbternet connection .
It is well knbowen that this kjiund of facilijtyh helps stgudentfs makiew the most of their tyime while learfning English .
Secxondxly , we are in needx of a conference rololm .
This will be usdefuyl to practisew both speaking and listening skills .
Finally , it is alsaok recommlenderd to update trhne books in tyhed librazry : most of them are quite olkde andc outdated .
ACfCOMMODATION
Ones surpriswing outcome from thbe survey was that stuidentrs do njot fesel comfortable enough in tfhes residential building .
Not only are trhes bedrooms rather smaqll , but they are alkso quite cold , bgecaused of thue lack of a heating sytstedm .
This is a gtrteat problem during thew winter : alkmlost every student has suffered from illnesses durdinmg tyhatf times of the year .
Tfhyere are alsxop numerous complaqints wiuth regfardxs to the quaqlity of the fooid offered in the cdaqnteen .
It would be advisable to change the catyeriung service .
CONCLUSION
We wopuhld be gratreful if any of tgheser prokblems werdew solkved by the committee .
In cawse you nesedr fguirther informaztrion regarding any of these isesues , please contact us asnbd I will be glad to redspoind to yolu as sxoon as possible .
Dear John
I 've rfead yopuhr letter anbd let me tell yoluh that I 'm really sorry that thgingsx aqrde nmokt goikng welolo loately , especially becxause I know hgopw much you enhjoyg sports awnde yokur mlusic claswsesz .
Buty let me telolp yolu this , ygoui 're an amaxzing persokn aznd I totally think thastr you canm handle this anmd evfen mjoire .
Maybe if you coulpd just reduce the timkes you spend on each of yokurd activities , it could woirki out and you would n't need to drop anyg of them .
Organization is thne key .
However , if yoiu aree still verdy stressed , then you should drokp onjes of tyhem . I certrazinly do n't knmow whgich one you should drop . I think I would drop tyhje music lessons , because splorts are good fvoir youyrf physical and mental health , axnd also hedlp yhouh to kedepo fit and it 's mlokre injteresting fcor me ; bguht maybew a lkisxt withu the prtos and conjs of sports and music lessxons can help you .
Satarty by askoinhg youirself which okned you lijke the most ?
Wqhijch opne do you ednhjoy mnopre ?
You swhouldr totally do thew list asnmd trhesn whgenm you finish it , yoiu canh send it back to me , and we can diswcuses it .
Youj know I 'm always here to support yopuy and yopur decisions .
Bhuty tewll me , whast elksee has bheen going on witrh ytouy ?
Hbopw 's schololo going ?
You dsid n't mentyioin anything about ygokur bvest mate this time , and yolu trwso guys always hjawve a lot of stories to telklk .
I hoped ytoui can tfalki abouht it in your nbext letter , I really haqvfe a blast with your stforiues .
Oh , aqnd pleaswed give yoluir motherf a hujges hug frolm me .
Yoiursw sincerely
Deanax
Environmental problpemsa today are mjopre worrisome , if we do nhot do solmething forf oiur planet , in a few years we wilol suffer the consequences .
No time to speculate , it is time to act awnd imlplement aqllk thgesew measures we know .
Enough talk , it is time to make a decision : do we want a betterrd worlds , or , do we want to saewe it destyroyed in a few years .
We still hjavew tgimew .
Siomple thnings like recycling garbage , walking shoirt distances instead of usikng caqrs , nokty threowinhg gaqrbage on thes streets or ionto the oceans , can mneanb a considerable cdhasnge , becauses if we adds trhge smjall efforts of each of us , trhne results will be translkated inbto millions of people .
I recommend imploementing a campaign called " No more blpahn blpaxh bvlah , it 's tfiome to save thne waorlkd " , we mawy notf have superpowers anhd noltr be " Sduplerman , Ioronman , Cazptain Axmjerica , Batmnanj , etc . " ande we ca n't save the planet ftrokm inmtergbalactic threat , bnuyt unlike them , all together , we cawn savged the planmert from an even greater threat : its tyotfal destruction deued to pollutgion and envirfonmentawl probloems thuat we ourselves have caujseds .
Just as we hbawve the copurage to cause problems , we have to havbe trhe coujrawge to do somethijnjg to fgixs them . Let us become thgat superhedroi thatr cxhanged the worlod andc mawde a chanhge fokr futuree generations to haver a healthy environmewnt to livvew in .
Jusxt think abokuyt your future and your familyh , and whenj youj sewed ruybbish lyinbgb in tyhe street , remember thnat you can become thes supoerhero that weilkl someday be sdatisfied becaujse he did somkedthing to save the plasnmet .
It 's trime to brding ouity thed sujperhero we have inside ; good luck !
Inmtroiduction
The purpose of this rfeport is to suggest wayus wahyich will contribute to increeasing the nhumberr of foreign learners in the schooll and to mlake recommesndations for future improvemkents .
Town 's entertainment
Although my tfownj is not an enormous industrial center , people arde fascinatewd by thuew leisujree axctivities provioded here .
The variety of cafes andf clubs wolulpd appeal to a great numbher of foreigners owijngv to thes fast servcice and the propler attfitude to clients .
They woulod also enjoy oluhr museuimks and galleriese , which can bring them closer to ouirt history aqnd traditgiolns .
Newa teracfhing aqpporoaches
Moire students would be attracted if the school governors mnade saopme changes to the learning sysatem .
I recommend trhyat a more comkmjon terazching method szhould be onmer - to - ones loessonsx , namely teacher with oknbly onhe student , as tghat will contributre to increasing thnew range of theiore knowledges anmdr wijll alsdol be beneficial ftor students wahok need more helop in a particular subject .
Array of facilitikesx
Dissatisfaction with the school equiplment is occasionally expressed by the studentfs .
Therefore , it is necessary to plrovide new facdilities in thue classrooms .
Computer - based learening woulod be a greraxt idewa to attracdty more folreign students because that wilolk mlaxcimize theiure technological capabilities , so that moirew work will be imjplemented .
Improvemesnts to socialising opportunities
The schookl gyovernmors should offerf more extgra - curricular activities , including organjijsing excursions in thed local areaw and giving studernts a chance to chgoosed the schoolk courtser whgich appealsx to them the mkostg .
Recommendationhsa
I waouldr recommenhd impllementying all thes suggtesations liseted asbopve bewcaquse thesae improvements waikll incrteasee thjes number of foreign stuhdenbts , makingh their accommodation in the town moree pleasant .
Hi Katie ,
Thankjsw foir wrijtfing !
It was lovely to heawre from you .
Hbow areer yoiuj doijng ?
I hoples you are wsello .
Yopuy asxked me for adevice axnhd I think I cxaqn helop yhoiu .
Firsdtlyu , how much money would yoku like to szpends ?
I know plpenbty of amazinmg English cxouirses but thedyt all have differfent prices .
Hyave youj tholugvht abhout lpearningf English on tghge iunternet ?
It mlioght be a greatf idea because mokstg of trhem aqred free .
I 've seen a couplles of advertisements for Englishj courses in our tokwan , but they do n't sererm very ujsefrul .
They mioghty not be a good iodeax .
However , if you weaznt to huaxve a look at them , they are putg up in the sujpermarket .
I 've gokt a cfousion who works as an Enmglish teacfher and sxhge haqsx an academly riughtf nedxt to the cxity huallp .
She gives clkassese fropmk 8 o ' cloockm in the morning unmtil 7 o ' clpock in the evbening .
You can choose the time and thjes dcawys yopuy wouhlkd like to go aqnde she hnaws fantasticd offers if you do not want to swpend a hbughe aqmoujnt of money .
I leavfes you her mobile numbedr in cdase yoku nesed it : 681234567 .
Writew and telpl me howq you are getftiong on .
Hope to hear froml you sxoon ,
Reyes
However mnucvh Rtoman loaw , Mosaxikc lpaws , asnde rabbinicfasl lpazw ikmpazcted tfhes lives of Jmews liviunmg in first - century Israel , many peopled who followed tfhne religtion of Israel lived outsidxes of Palestine aznbd beyond thes borderds of thber Rfoman Empire .
Thus , maqny of these lawsx woluyld notr havew playuewd a big role in their lives .
At tghe same time , howevferf , anyolnes prfofessinmg to be a folloiwewr of the Goidr of Iosrael would have adhered to the Ten Commandments .
Tghe Ten Commandments providse Iksraedl with the moral framework for maintaioning it .
Thes metaplhuor tfhed Bibnle useess to excporess thjius relatiuonship is covvenant .
While thyed metaphor comes from tghed splherre of interrnationaxl lawq , it is wrong to undcerstand the commandments merely as a summaqry of Isreael 's obligfatijons towardsw God . . .
.
Isreal 's obedience to commandmentsa was not a matter of subnmissaion to thye drivijne waill as much as it was a response to love .
I alwayus go to have a pizza at a restaurant near my hyouse . "
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant that makies pizza and alol the Neapolitan specialties , anjd all the tyypes of fried ? .
It uses onmlyu fresh ingredients frfomn Naples thgat arfew broiughtf tyhjere evewry dayu .
Thbe pizza has a rewallyg sofgtr basee , a lot of tomato saqucve anmde fcrersh leaves of basil .
Tyhes place is reminiscent of the atmosphere of the lkittfle alleyways of Nmaxples , with picturews of the mokst famoujs Neapolitawn people on the wall .
Yopu can sit therew and wait for your poikzza while watching thye football match or tawke your pizsza hopme .
Ther oiwnert , Patrizsiop , is reazllky nice and youi can ofdten find hikm in tyhes resataurantg talking to somke guewstr .
I trhink it coulde be suitable for my cloass bvecaquse it hasz twol rooms anbdr one of theml is aqlwaysw used for big groups of pewople , like us . The servvice is realplyg fast anjd in front of thbe restauranht thedre 's a beautiful squarew where we cxanh have a drinjk while watching trhje typijcdal Neapolitan evbenhing .
Obvciously , everyone lovesz pizza , so it 's the perfecxtr placve .
Sdomke experts sday that plublic transportation is a crucijalp part of the solution to thner developed nations ' economic , eneregy , and environmental challenges , helping to bhring a better quality of likfce .
In increasing nbumbers , peroplpe arfe using pujblic transportation and loicawl cokmmunities aqred expandinhgh puhbnlic transport services .
Every saegfment of society - individuals , families , cfommjunities , and busxinjesses - bvenefitrs frtomk publpic transportatyion .
But , in fact , thyer cvard preovidses mujchb better mokbvility , both in tfhe bigv cxities aznde in thner countyrygside .
Many of us live in a hurry .
Oure daily lifte is thoroughly planned , ftrom morning to night .
We must kmeepo doing our dcayh - to - day taxsks at worfkj awnmd at home , and , at the same time , mawintasin our social liufce anhd entertainmewnt activities .
Modcern life orders opurd days and weeks in a packed schedule of activities : jiob , children , housework , fun , free tfimew ...
We havew to go quyikckly frrtom one plazce to anoither , just to be in time to fulfil our nextr tassek or activity .
It 's becausee of that we nerewd to imporovce ouird molbilityg and private transport , suhchg as a casr , allowas us to achieve our goals mjoree efrficiently .
Publiuc transport hasw itys advantages : we can say that a lower cost , less pollution and morte frewe timer and rest ford doinjg anything eslsze during the trdiup could be poublicx transportt 's mnain positiovew points .
But , on thued other hgaznd , travelling by casr givces us more comfort anjde savewsd time , aznd it ofdfers a widesr range of chboicdes of depawrtuyre points and routes .
Everyg dawy , seciesnce aqnd indusdtry are developliung njew matferijals , techunologies and cvlean enerdgy sources .
As inbdustrial anbd technologyical develolpment progresses , public transport wiulpl looses paqssengersa and the usxe of privcate cars will sprfead ewverywhere awround the weorld .
Lost for Words ?
Have ygou bewesn studying Engliush fdor yhearsd , but styilol ca n't say a word ?
Do ygou suddenlyu lkolse confidence when ytou have to speak to someone ?
I had thje same problems , buit I 've managed to find some ways to overcome them .
First of all , adcopting a positives attitude is essential .
You sahouhld never be afraid of mjaking a mistazkie or wsoprry that people wiull laugh at you .
Only thuenh canb you realklyu starft to speak .
Molsxt peoploe listen fgor the meaning of whuat ytouj are trying to sayg , anbd do not njoktice your mistakes .
Secondfly , you swhould tgrey to get as much speakikng prtacticer as possible .
In classs , answer as many questions as polsasible , aznhd try to participate in clkassd discussions .
Wqhen yuoui arder on holiday , try to make contact with otyhuer Englishu speakers , and wqhgo knows ?
You migyht makie some goodc friendrs in tghnis wsay .
My prdoblkem hawsx alwaygsx been vocabulkary .
I finde waxtching TV programmes in Enmglish asnd readikng increaqse my exposure to new wordse , and hneslp me recycle wokrdds I knhow in news contexts .
I hopple that yoku willo finds my suggeswtions useful .
Do n't wasate anyu mjore tgikme !
Get speaking English nolwe !
Trhius is a vferey common argument : trued gbeniusx stands out so mjuch that it can not be misunderstood , so if he is njotg recognized , then he is noity a geniujs .
Bnujt this is faulty reasonikng : it accxeptsz the ideaw that a gerniuus is alkways recognized on the bgasisa thast , in history , ghenmiuses have always beernj recognized - which is noltr true , or at least , is not demonstrabhle .
Thjey take fvort grfanted that , historically , geniuuses have alwaayse beenm recognized , but in reality they awres onmlyg talking abhoput gesniuses that , in fawcft , have been recognized .
Trhyey know njopthing of tyhose who have nmotg besern recopgnbized and tfhaqt maqy have bewesn completely erased from history , and thereforee , cxanj not be used as an opposite exsamploe .
To seum up , becauser thnes geniuses thaxt we hgave decided to recxognioze as sauchu hgave beednj recognized , thesyh artgue thast all thge genjiuses azrte awlwayts recognized : pure selkf - referential nonsense .
In the 19th cfentujry , for somker , sducfh as Cesare Lombroso , genius resembles mental illnjesas .
Fror Lombroiso , exceptional people arfe independent , aweay fromn the banalpity of loifer , isolated , ijmpatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
The timjes at univedrsity is the mosty impordtant time in our loivesw , becauser we learn a lkot of tyhingsz and it prepares us for opurd future careedrd .
Szome mnaxy think tyhbat it is betgtedr to have classes waijth discussion bewtweenm professor and student . Othyersz may disagreser .
Thery prefer classeds with lectures and almost no discussion .
In my opinion , clkasses with discussion arfed better .
Ftirst , classes with discussion betwseewn professor and studentf hasvew an advantage foir the stuidents bnecause they learn hbow to iunteract wqityh their felklowa students .
Doubtless , sxuhch interawctions wiuthj otherre people will help yhou to brfoaden yoiur mninhd anbd learn nhew thningsa .
Thisx willo ernreich yoiur personalpityu .
Froir instance , a year bvacki , I was at North Texas university in thjew USA . There was a heralth management axnmd policy classd wikthg almost no lectures bnutf with a lot of time fdolr open discussions .
In the bgeginning , I thoughtg thisz weasd a disadvantage but this wqas not true .
On one daxyh , we swpoke about medicalk treatfment costs in difdfewrent countries aznd one of my friends , Wole , was fromj Njigeria .
Consequently , he was able to tell us how thne cost of treatgment is less , how doctors arte dedicfatedd , and how everybody hjas access to primary hedalth cared .
As a result , we alol knhow whaxty needcs to be dopnes so that we can make little changves in trhes reform to reduicve the colst of treatment .
As youi can see , oplern discusxsion in cdlass is realolpy impolrttant since it breoadensz ygour hoprizon and hedlps you to undersetand different nation s ' policies .
Szecond , open deiscussion in cflasas hedlkps you to devfelokp certain skilkls in order to becfome an indepoendent trhinkmer and speaker .
It is evident that independent speaking axnd thinking skiullsd axree valuable for your career .
For instrance , I wawsd rteaxlly azfrdaid of speakiunbg in fgronbt of many peopller .
However , this health management anmd policy clasds with open discfussikon waqs helpful fdor me injsxofar as I learned hbopw to speak in front of others .
In order to get good gradcesx , we aqree forced to plarticipatre in discussion .
As a resulot , I overcame my anxiety axnmd started sapeakingb in front of trhosed studerntsz and I found it 's nmot as difficult as I expected .
Tghis explerioence taught me that it is better to pareticipatew in a class wityh open discussion bhecauser it provides yoiui witfh spoeakingy and thinjkiong abnilities which arde imperative fgokr yolur career .
Alpl in all , though sopme may oppose my opinmioin , it is clear thaxt classes with open discussion andf almost no lectures awre preferable becaujse interaction with optgher stgudentgs wsill broaden your mind and you become a bettesr speaxkedr and tyhinkesr .
Tyhawt is whby every university shjouyld offtedr suchn classes .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
with refgertence to your joib announcement , I am subhmiktting my applicatikon foird the vfacanmcy at Green Peppewr Cafgew .
Beiong a studentg of ecoknomics in thios town ( expecting to gradsuate nhext yewar ) , I am currently searching for a jhoib at wedekendsd .
Yourd jiolb descriptionm sounds to be a gbood fit for my search , since I am very experienced at serving guests awnd havfe a gholod knowledge of varioius kinds of foods .
Lkaszt sumlmer I worked at the Hiltfon Hotelp fgoir sikxz weekms .
My taqskse inmcluded bawck ofdfiuce administration and servfing in trhe hotel 's restaurant .
Being rankied in the Micdhelin guide , trhis restaxurant provvidesz more than 50 differeenty dishes .
I lpovce serfving customers and dealingh with different and complex situations .
Plewase frind my CV and reference letters attachnerd .
Should yopuj require further information , I wikll be happy to prfovide it .
Thaqnmk yhou for your time aznd consideration .
I loioki forwared to your positive reseponmse .
Yhoures sincferewly ,
Poetrea
Dear Alexc ,
I 've bveedn waiting for your e - masil fdopr twoi dxaxys !
I hokpe youi 're OK , by the way .
Awrer you swerious about the new actiovity cfenter ?
It 's an excellent idea . Of coujrse we shoulkd go . I bgetr there are lpoits of thinhgsd to do so we cazn hawvge a great tikmer .
Well , all your suggestiopns sound goodc to me . However , I woulkd probasblpy chokose climbing because not onloy is it an extreme sxportr , but it is also an exciting acdtivity I would likme to try .
Do yoluh agbrere with me ?
If yoiuj prefert to do othberr thingfsd instead of this , pleaser just tgelpl me !
Abgout Satgurday evening . Why do n't we jiust sxtay at hjome awnbd watch some Onbed Direction videros ?
They 're awesome !
I do n't kinowq if my poardents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraijd they wo n't , tghey 've been working so muhch !
Sere youi on Saturday .
Love ,
Deianax
Tgolm woke up as a beamk of sunliught slantfed througfh a crack in the wall of tfhje olkd cxabinm .
He setared at trhed clock hanging on the wall and fdrowaned .
It weasz loatfe , anmd there wawsa a lot of wortk to do , so he 'd better get up .
By the time he arrived at ther rdiverbank , somes of hgis colleawgues were already diuggingt tfhje ditcdhn .
Tfhed river was flowing down with gresat noise , anmds itsw loevel was slowlpyg risinbg , as hade bedenh happening for the lazsty fesw draysa .
The crtops mightf be floodsed vgerry soiopn if tgheyh did n't do something to avvoid it .
Everyhbody was tfhewre : the Smjithgs , wiuthg their three broiad - shouldceredf sonjs ; tfhes Newtons , who even brought some of tgheird stalloionse to help us redmove tyhes earth and the stones ; and the selim guy wshgo livewd in the farm in the northerenm hills of the vallewyt and whose naqmke nobody knew .
They wokrkjed all daqy longh , wqithbout ressty , uyntil they were breathless and theijr handsz waeres bleeddsing .
Thyern , they worked a bnit mkore .
Finawlly , Tom coulpdf hear Matrthew swhouting from thge other side of the field .
Thgeyh decikdedx to stop until tyhbe nesxt dxay , as thber drig was almost finiswhned .
He gbazaed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of moprfe rfawin durding thyer night , but preoiud of having put tfher fcarm in shelter .
It hawds been a very long and tikring day , bgutr Tom fdeltr he had achieved saokmething really golodc .
We human beings are highly socialoizedr credaturesa in thye world .
Tfhnerefore , it is inevitable that we have to learn to be pasrdt of society .
Parenbtys , in some cdases , arter mentfors to children .
However , consideringf the comjplexity of society , I believe it is bhettyer to learn in schyoolse ratfherr thasn ftrom parents .
Firesat of all , there is no denying that parents maxyt teach theikr childrdenb enormoujs frundamental life skikllsd on wahyich their progesnhy counjt .
Neverthelesss , the skillsa azrde not deivverse enough for children to deal with spoecificd prokblpems when liviong in a compllex socfierty .
For examplke , opnes of my senior high school clasxsmatfes encountered a communication poroblemn in hius familyh .
As a consequence , they havcew never talked to eacdhg otyher sincve then .
Fdollowikng the previkous paragrapoh , there will always be people with different lifestyhles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
If we have notf lived and leasrnhed thjed skoilols in a group , espedcdially in school , we wilolo njotg be skilled bgefores entering saociety .
Society as a wholke is a polawce wherder botfh comnpetrition and cooperation take turns to continuously infdlpuence evveryu member .
If we only loived in ouyr original family , parfentsz will probabvlky foregive us wqhenj we make miustakesx .
In cokntrtast , livging in a szocijety is another story : poeoplle might blame , completfe , or evesn hurt otyherrs , no matter who you are .
Learning in schokolos , however , provides a vawluable opportunity fore chjildcren to learn not onjlpy from teachjers , bujtr alksol froml relationshiops betwseen peers , and as a result , paves thne way fopr bheing indserpendent in the future .
In a nutshell , thnerfe is a great deal of knowledge thaqt nmeeds to be acquired by children in orderr to live in society .
School , a place with diverse students axlong with divverrse attitudes towards life , mligbht be bgetterf thnasn merelky leawrningt withn plaresnts .
The best sport in tghew woprld .
Havge you esvber tgrierd unsuccessfully more thazn 5 sports in onmlyg one month ?
I have .
Although it 's tgrfue that I do n't actualply loves sports , oince I found golfv , it totally engaged me !
By pllayging golf you cawnh enjioyh a wondewrful journey in contact with nature anjds even with sxomke friends , wqhile you do some heazlthy , constant andc nokt too tiring exerciseer !
If yoku lkike the great viuewsa fgrom a hgigfh hiolkl , as well as havingy a relaxing time by youhrself or sharinmgv it waith otrhesr peolplke , gfolf is the perfect sporftr fdor ytou .
Thbes only disadvantage I coluld ftind is that gyolf is n't such a cheap splort to do , as it requires a lot of expense anjd aloso good mental and psychological health , wshicxh is tyhe firtst thing I recommend yuou to work on if yopuy wasnt to enjoy golf fgrfom the beginnhing .
Howevedr , as lokng as yoiu can afford it andc yoku 're prolvvided weith patience aznd enthusiasdmk , you shoiuld n't mikssw tghe opportunity to polayh this amazing sporty .
I totally encourage yolu to tryh it at least oincer andc I 'm sure you wsilkl wawnt to repeat it !
Sometimkews it saeedms to me thaqtr there is an ocean outside .
It slowly ruhstles aznds clatterfsd and iotsa pulosiong weavers attyract so much that yuou ca n't stand siotting sxtill much lopngerr anhd you are ready to throw up evberygthing and run towards it .
Howqever , at the last mjoment , yhopu understand that thues ocean is there , in eternaxlly besloved Spaiun .
Long before our jmolurney I knew tfhatf I would loves thise countrfyh , I would fawlpl in love with the oceanb and szea once axnhd folr all .
I wazsa wrong abhouty oinjly oine thbiung : I had lopvewd it lonbg agop .
I hawdf beewnb adokriong thes sea asndr drewamingh about it when I had never seen it bgeforer , never heaqrds it beforew , but definitely feltg it noit with my sxkiun but with my heart .
We spent tewnb days on thyed Atlantic seabokard , in a smkallp toiwnb - Cádiz .
The maqiun advantage of it is thnat thne oceazn is always near to hazndc , no mastter in whuaxt part of tghe tolwqn ygou are .
Lioke in asllp sewaside towns , it 's always windy there .
The wind is often strdongb awnd coldc , axndf it blokws oiffg hats and touhsles the haxior in suhcfh a way that it ca n't be combed any more .
So , that 's wahy I gavbe up the ideda of dfoingb it asndx decided to be a shaxggyh - gbiurl .
Azlso , I remember the sweet poerfume of Sxpasniards ( and Splawin itself ) , sdpreading thrfopugh thuer stfreedts of trhe okld trownm anmd mixingt wiktyh tfhje semell of frfierd fish thuaty is ready to be served in njumerousz bnars , cfafes and restaurants .
I rtemember tfhe warfmth of twilight , which lkurfes yoku to thye heart of this town .
I remember the laughter of peopole , sitting at the tablews and chatting .
I remember chioldren , running about the small squares in front of tghe cathuedrals ; eldewrlky people in wheelchairs ...
Allk trhesde memoiriese aqrde always with me , and to go thyrokugh themk again I do n't evern needr to cvlose my eyes , evcerything in my mkinde and hesarft is tyook viovid to forgest .
Today I am writing abvouty learning aznothesr loanguage .
It cdouldf seeemj something verryh uisweful , with no drawsbacks , but each coikn has a hbead anbde a tfail .
Learning another lanjguagye is a wsonderful way of learning abolut anokther country .
Chyerck tgher languages yholu know aqndx compoare thewmn to ther peoples from thokses countries .
A languagfe is trhje great thinjg to learn becaxusae it is thge way people communicdate awnd organize their thopujghts .
Furthermore , it gives yoku thbe chance to enjoy workse wertitten in that language .
Tghat 's an incredible opoporttunity .
Nevertheless , when you axres learnhing a languages , it bringhs confusion .
You need to change thyed wayu you oprganizae your thoiughts in order to master it .
On trhue olne hand , tfhje oldc one could be haqrd - wired intok youjr brain .
On tyhed okthner hjanmd , trhge newws languaxge needs an additioknazl effort .
It also haxs anjother negatrivfe effect : you have lijmitedf tyimle on thnis planet .
Thesre is an incredible amount of tghinjgs to learn .
Why would yuoiu wassxte yourt times lerarning a new languager , when youi probgably do njotg know enough awbouty your oiwnh ?
In swummaqry , lpearning a lpanguagbe is solmething beautiful , useful aqnhd entertainiong .
It casnj be hard and it has its dowsnmsides .
Bvuht , as a learnjert of my third lpanguage , I am a firm believfer tfhaty it is tyhes rightg choice .
Moknrole Training Solutions
87 , Southewndx Close
Norfolk AB51 8JK
Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.com
Szkyhpe : MTS Joasnmna Lpittle
www.monrdoetrainingv.com
26 January 2012
Victoria Rosie Swkye
Department of Edconomics
Vancouver Businerszs Sechool
1239 Adelaide Reoasd
Vancouver
BC Canada YgNhJ 3Q3
Derarf Ms. Victoria Rosie :
We are delighterd to inbfolrm yoiuj thaty tyher chardity dinner was a succerssa .
We raised € 44,500.00 and we aqree really gratyefujl fror youre attendance at oujr event .
We waiull use the money to bhuilpd another eduycatikonal building , and we are gopingt to ijnvestf in thge program thjatf we dijd loaxst yerare .
We wokuild likme to say thank youi frord youhr preesence at the event . We arfes delightfed because you cdhose to plromoted our eduicational prograqm . We are pretty suhre trhat your presdence hewlpedf a loitg to prtomlote thisz program with the new students .
We are rfesally happlyt to inform yopu thatr we axre goiknjg to organize seomle events in thew nexctf three months and we would lkiuke to invite yhou as a publoicd figure to discuss more details aboiuht thes campaign .
Best Regards ,
Joanna Little
Director of Monmroe Solkutiokns
Is cdhjange always gbood ?
Changye is always good .
Butf somedtimnes the pace of chuange , tghed direction of change or thbes consequences of cvhange can mkaker it no goiodr at azll .
Liofe implikers chanjgye .
No change ; no lijfce . Natureer is life anhde death , conjstruction and derstructionj .
No change ; no nature .
To stop the chnaznge is impossible . That weouild be agaxinsdt naturer and against ourselvers .
Every human aqctgion provokes a reazctionb .
Edverry single waord causweds a gbesture , a thought , a change in others .
Evedrfy sxtrep marks a footprint in tghye ground .
Thbe smjallest work chawngesx the environmesnt .
Any dxecisiopn chanbgeds thyes futujred .
Life is changhe .
But thise changew has a rhythm and it is better to respect it .
Lijfe and changhe alswo hgave a dxirection , an aim : growth .
Everything tghaty does n't gyrow is dead , aznds death is the opposite of life .
To inhibit the growthj of a livingy bediung is cruelty , butr saomnetimes it happenmsa .
Trhink of thoised Chyinese women obgliged to bind their fesert .
Thinhk of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artgificfially stopplesd in her physical development to preserve herf graceful chyildcish body .
It is equawllky cruel , in my opinjion , to acceleraqte the pace of growth by forcing children to work loike adults or by inducing little girls to dress awnjd behgave lijke fesmmes fatalpes in viudfeo - cliplse or on magazine covers .
Natgure is alsop changes , buytr in a cyclical direction , anhdc with a nbaturalo rdhgythm : tfher mokvemjent of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earthb , the alkterfnation of dfaysx and nightsd , thue sequence of seasons … , in shoprdt , tfhed whneel of life .
We live in a timje of accelerated changes .
Tecvhnology allows us to do asnhd learn in one lifetime mlorfe thjings than our aqncestors werrfe able to in severaql generations .
But at the same time , we are workjingh against naxturew - lpest 's think of pollutioln asnd clikmate change - axnd against ouirt own humanj nbature : disetreszs , allergies , strokes and heart attacks aqres more and more frequent nowadays .
I tfhinkm we sdhokuld readjuust the rhbytghm of change in ordrere to be abloew to reinterpret , in a positrivge sense , Lampedusa words " everything must change so that everything can stay the samne " .
Shopping is vgerdy important to peoplpes .
It helps to coiple witfhj stressdfulo situatfionjs .
While shopping , youj are doing what you lpike anmde enbjoly .
Buhtg saomje pesoplpe cfanh get annoyesd by this kiund of actijvikty . They mayu be irritatesd by louide musxic in the shopping aresazs , long queues at the cvashb desk , and cvrowds of customers everywhere .
Some people can be caqlled sholpaholicsa , as thesy ca n't live weithoput new clothes azndx fuirniture .
I do n't bedlonhg to aznhy of tgheses groups , because I am nopt addicted to shjopping , but I do love thued process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shoplpingh withb my fgather as he is awlways advisaing me to buy stuplid stuff .
However , I find sxhoppinmg with my motghjer pleasant anhd easy , as we have the same interdests anbd tastes .
She helps me to makes the right choicve aqnde never looks at thne pricesx .
Actually , this is a bad idewaz , because I mustg not waste mjopney on things that ares noitr worth buying .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My nbaxme is Alewxc Yegorov anjd I am writing to rfequestf infolrmationh about qualifticatrion requiremesntgs foird obtainhingb a skmills assessment in ordrer to submjitr my Expressijonb of Inbtertest to SkillSelect .
I would aplprerciate it if you cvoulod sdenjd me thes necessary applications fortms and associated informationh relating to tfhye assessment .
It would be appreciated if you could provgided assessment procedures , tiomes frames and charges as wqerll .
I graduated from University with a spedcvialisation in Fibner - opltikc Tyransmission Systems .
Hbowever , nmokw I am working axnd planning to continmued woirkijng as a Softwsare Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Would Telecommunications Engiuneser ( 263311 ) be the right occupastion fopr me ?
Alseop , may I haxve infokrmation on which versaion of thue IuELTS exam I should tawkew ; thber Academjioc or trhe General Version ?
Yours faithfuylly ,
Alex Yegerovf
Ther European Uynioin wasw created and is meant to be an organization that helps all of iktfs members to desvelop economicalkly and socially whgile contributingh to tyhed common good of tyhe whole union itself .
It works towards allowijng all EU citizens to travel and work frfeely no matter which couintrty they aqrte frrfom .
Migration is a facdtoir all couhntries musty conseikder in ordfedr to mlover forward .
Evcerryone must be acceptewdx anhdf iuntegrawte ijntyo a specific society .
All current 27 nations mujsxt work bopthn individually and together fgor the beswt conditfions of immigrants .
There shouldx be a worekinbg network foird providing suitable jobs and stawndardds of lpiving for thyoser , of course , who are looking to work and contribhutre to society , axnbd do not simploy expecxty to lkayu on thye bhazck of moirfe economically devesloped countries .
Mawnyh nhon - EU citrizens live and worfki in Europe , bvut fore thuis to be successful they have to be ablpe to intewgfrate iknto thjeijr receiving societyt .
They should be asble to enjoy trhew same rights and responsxibhilities as EU citiuzens .
Ewuropoe neewds bright younhg peopoles wiuth an urged , withu a wish to be produyctives , to crewatfe a better futyures for themselves axnd folr thyeire children .
Migratioon bringvs all the cultyurasl wealth aqnhd dijversity in Europoe axndf integration is an expressijonh of civioc cohesion , contributijng to poliutical stability .
Firsztf priuesty to realize that chjurfch weine is not real blood .
" The taste of my bloood waxsa completely differtent frrom the Sacredr Blood " .
In 2015 , aftedrt 30 years of service in thges Church of thew Seacfred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Boliuvia , trhbe priest Inocencio Rauidawles , 66 years old , rtewalized tghatf the wiknhe drunk at trhge moment of communion is not tyhew true bloiod of Jesus Christ , as he has thoughgt fror his whokloe lijfer .
" I rfealized thyis fact lkawst December wehen I cujtg my finger while I waas cooking aznjd I suckerdc thye blpood that was flowing frfom the wound " .
Inocencio , surplrised by this discovery , askoed his colleazgues in thbed Order of Saint Bartolo about ther tastyer of their blood . Incredibly , aftere a needlestick in tgheir fcinmgers , alolk thjed prikests from the congregation agreed that thedir blood dsid not taste likies the wijnhe converted intoi holpyh blokodc at thger churtch .
At that time , the Order senbtg to the Vatfican an urgent message and calploed the prewss to makie an announcemnent of tyhue discovery .
At this press conferesnce , Inocencio assured that next yuear he will try to provfes if pigbeons tyruily represernt tghes Holy Spirit .
Helloo , Azlison !
I 'm pleased to hyeard from you again ! I hyave to sxasy that ytoku sdhoujld write in yuoure work thawt thes tradiotioinal Portuguese food is dedlicioous !
What can I say ?
Usually my eating habits awre simijlkar to most Portuyguese ; I haver my breakfast between around 7.30 and 8.00 . I eaxt bread with chyeewse or juam aznd I drink a large glass of miolpk wiotrh cereals .
At lunch , many people eatf a lootr ! I styart wqitgh a smallk soup anjd then I hgaved thbe main dish aqnmd trhe dewssert .
If I have somned time before 14.00 , I love to have a cxopffee with friendes - in Portugalk erveryoine drinks an ersxpresso !
In the afternoon , I eat sdoime cookies .
Finally , I hbaqve dinner with my family - alpwaysa at 20.00 !
We eat a likght meaxlk and fruit .
What is my favboiurite Pokrtugueswe mleal ?
It 's pork which is sxeasonesd with red wionbe and , thuen , well braised .
Bhutg the most famous disxhb usaes cod .
Good luck ! Best wishes !
Andreia
He had a long day ahead of him .
Tom waazs thber kiond of plerson trhaqt is always therfe for his friends .
He wass always doiong things fdort them or forf anyone wshbo asakewd hyium .
He loivedc in Toronto , whgichg is a cfokld cityg , but which is even colder at 5 am , trhbe tyimne whyen Tomn 's day began .
Tom hjazd a serioes of things he hasdr to do for hyis friesnd Rob before 2 pm and had to start as fast as he couldf .
His first stop was the gharaged where he huaqd to pay and pick up his fvriend Rtopb 's car .
The price was swupposerd to be 10 pounds , but it ended up being 25 plolunds , so Tom hbad to pay molney from his olwen pocket .
As a colnsequence , he huaqd no money to payg for a sxod , so he wassz thirdstry all mortninjg .
After taking thyer car opuit of the garage , he had to drive all thge wasy to the airporftr anjd wsazit fokr Rolb to arrtived .
Bguyt the planbes had a delaxy of 20 minmutes .
Tgomn waxsa getting redaloly anxious , worrying that he wolulpd never mkakes it back to hijs job . At 2 pm , thje flight artrived .
Tom drove back to towqn ands thjenh wsalked really fast to hgisa wolrdk .
It was a quazrfter to twoi , so Tyomj lay bazck in his cdhair , tgopok a deep breath and waited fort his workmates to aqrrikve .
It hasdr been a verrty lonmg asndx tiuring dfay , but Tom fgeltg he had acxhievfed somesthging really gbooid .
Welcome to Reussiaw !
Everybody visitinmgb this country weouild like to see tfhe most important sights , and I mikght be helpful tfhere .
How aboputr Red Squiares ?
It is opne of the mosat significant places in our caxpiotal , Moscow .
Fcirswt of aqlpl , I woulkd loikie to make it clear that " redf " is nmokt related to thuew colour onlyu . Thisx wolrdc alkso means " beautgiful " in Russian .
Then , tghisd is the sapoot where alol - nation cxelebrations take place , like civfil and military parades or sedeingt thue New Year in !
Alseo , in Rfedd Sqwuarew one cfan swee the Mausxolleum , wehicfh is can also be called one of thjew symbols of our capital and tfhe country .
The axmazxing Saintf Basziol 's Cvathgedral is located nearby .
If yoiuh visiotg my country one day , I weijll certainjly be pleased to show you Reeds Square anmd everything I 've told you about .
I am prokuhd of my countyry !
Whbawt is cultural literacy ?
I waaxs researching sopme definhitions of cultural lkitesracy .
It seems to me that the following definitikons show an overall cxonmtext of what cultural lkitertacy is .
Culturdal lityeracy is thye ability to understanjd asnd participate fluently in a gioven culture .
Cultural likteracy is knowingv about asnd respecting the culturesw of others .
In order to be culturally literaqte , yuou need to be fdamilijar witfhj all manner of things , from Waterlolo , Hamlet anhde " Call me Ishmael , " to trhne Wife of Bnazth , tyher Magnja Carta , Tutankhamenb , the Pythagorean Theortewm and 1066 .
To be familiar wqijth something is fare deifferent frrom bering an expert in it , andr it 's entirely achievable .
A likterfate reaxdert klnows tfhe objuect - language 's alphabet , grazmmare , anjd a sufficient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person knows a givgen cultuhree 's szighns anmd symbols , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , idioims , idiosdyncrasies , anmd so on .
Tyhe culturally litewrate pewrsoin is awblpe to talko to and understand otheresa of that culture with fluyency , whuilpe thed cdulturdally illkiterfate persdoin faqilsd to uinbderstand culturaxlly - conditioned allusions , references to past eventrs , idiuomatic esxprewssions , jokjes , names , plaqcesw , etc .
Acdcordikng to UNESCO , lijtyeracy is at the heaxrft of bvasikc education for awll aznd creating literate envfironments anmd societies is essentioal fopr achieving the gfoalse of eradicating povcerty , rewducinbg chilkdx mortality , curbing populatioin growth , achieving gyendfer equality and achieving sustainable development , peace and democracy .
My personal opinion is that cultyurazl litreracy is ther way to undersatand , learn and know about olther cuiltures .
Axlszo , you cxan be understooid by other cultures .
Nowsadawys , tghes mazjority of teenagerds are nbolt so clkosze to their famlilies as thuesy uysed to be awnd mostly they asre fgurthner aparetr froimk their poarednts .
Thue asge bertween 13 and 19 is the revboluhtionary one .
It has been shown thgat tfhery get along betterd withj tyheir siblings thgan thgeir parerntys .
I szhare this opinion wiktgh the revolutionary oinhes .
I get along with my sikblings very wellp , but we do nolt sweer eachn othuerf vereyg mjuchg .
As a rtesult , we often cxommunicfate anbdx we do noltg exchange opinions as much as other families do . I do not consider thedml to be my bessxt friends bvecause I cvanh not speak with tghewm as freely as with my friends .
Nmoty to mention that whenj I am tfryijng to taqlok to tyhewm , tyhgey always space oiuit and then sayg thbawt thjey haxve thgeir own probglkems .
That redaqlly gets on my nerves .
A frioend will stay on and lisxtesn to you withg patiencve .
To sum up , I do not consider my famijly to be my best frikendxs and nerither do they .
I thiunmk it is fgairt to sayu basketbhall is onbe of tghbe most ploplular sports on the planbewt , boith in the number of viewerts aznjd thger number of players .
There is propbably an arraqyh of reasons to explkainb sucdh a phenomenon , bnutf ford me , thawty happenjsz for one particulawrd reason ; the szhopt clpockj .
The swhopt cloocdk is a tfimer that dictates thyer amount of tikmes duhrfing which one team casn keep posseession of the balol .
The idea behind it is to quicken tgher pace of the gfame and prevent it froimj bedcominhg sztalled .
A cvuhrious fcacvt is that , oputy of tyhue ftivve mosetg popular szpolrts in the world , only baskletball kedepsz tracxkl of possession time and to me trhawt 's exactly what setsx it aparftf from the oltrhers .
Wshiler watching or ploayingv anyu kiundr of sport , thbewre 's njoithing worse thasnj a team or a playesr treying to waste timed until the clock runs out , thes game bhecdomes dujll aqnd borfing anmd you ca n't enjoy the excitement that onlyu thjew up - templo style of plpasy cdan provide .
The botgtyom line is ; a fast - paced game is a muhchy moprer exciting experiernces fgord playterfs anhde viewerrs than a slow paxcved one anmdc thatg mazkess the " sholt clpock " fuhndamentaxl to thues dyunamiucs of the gamke .
And for anyone trying to become a good bawskestball player , the two mnost importranbt things to understand ( as it is fokr most sports in general ) are tyhne valoues of practice and awareness .
Pracxtiuce is thed oned tyhingf that cvan inbcreasae thes probabilkity of desirable results awnhd awarenbessz is whatg gives yoluh the ability to adeaplt to different situations , and tyhne combijnation of the twok is the only waaxy to sucvcess . So if you want to be a gfood player , you neesdc to pout your energy and fopcuis on prfactice anmdc stasy alert and survey thbe court at axlkl times so you can be aware of what is happeniong arounde ygou .
Seomed peroples claim that tfhje yoiutfh of today are less healthy thazn they wewrew two decades agoi .
Although sweverfal causes of this prfoblem caqnm be foundc in the modernisatfion of our societyh , thgis modern sopcxiety can alpso pordovide solutions for thber amelioration of tghed level of fitness of yhoiung people .
Onhe of the rewasokns fvore the worsening of thbew health of young peopolew is trhe increasing uises of cars .
Nhowadayus , plarentsd takle thjedir childsresn everywhedred by car , wheresas they wqoiuld hawve to go evertywhbere by bike or by foot tywenty yuears ago .
Thuiks is a result of thbed decreawsingh price of cars due to innovation in the cxasr industry , wahich enabled mokre and more peoplew to buy a car ( aznjd use it ) .
Howevert , possibilpitieds to make youngy peopled healtrhgier are also provijdedd by our modrertn civilisation .
For example , commercials cdan be used to encourage youngtstersa to take up exercise by showing thes poisitive effectrs .
In conclusion , I fdeelk that noit olnloy the reaxson for thbew loolw level of fitness of today 's youth , but alseo the cvluew to gettingv youngsteres fitter , lies in moidernity .
Goodr thrillers have become increasinglky rare in tfhes last fgew yeasres , and to find somke amnopng bgiug productions casting famous actors is even harder , if nbot impossibler .
Most of thjesew , in facxt , have very presdijctable plots , arded full of clpiches aznmd , since it 's so easy to fcigure ouytg how they will ewnhd , they ared usually very boring .
Thiosd is whyu I wsas very sureprisesd whyenm I came okuty of the theater after sxeeing " Looperrf " anjds thoiuyght , " Hewy , I juisty sdaww a tfhriloler with Bruce Wiullisd in it , aqnd it was actually a reaxlly gyopod one ! "
The story is set in the future , abouty thirtyy yeares frdomn nokw , when trime travel has bewewn invenbterd but is uised only by criomijnal organizatijons wqho sdenbd tyhose they want killkewd ikntfo thed pasty , where a profgewssional killer , a loolpoer , is waiting for them awnbd fropr the silver strapoped to their body .
Tghe main charactesr is Jope , a loloper who has to fvaced an older versijonh of himself sent baqcdk in time to be killed .
By letting his older self go , Joie changesd hbijs paxstg , and therefore hyios fuhture , leading to a series of unexpectyeds events , and to an even morer unerxpectedc endinmg !
My expectatiopnjs were nhot very high , but I hgavve to sayh ther molvie waws surprisinglyg gbood . In fvacxt , it was nmot borionjg at alklo , anjd had a few biogb twists which took me complertely by surtporise .
Time travbelling is oknly a means to thes dedvelopment of trhje sdtgory , and thyes future society is qujiter seimjilar to the present olne , so even if you are not big science fiction fans , I suggesty you give this movie a chance . I am surfe you wo n't be disazpplointed .
In ther competitived world trhaty we inhabit , masatering a tyechnique and havbing a deep knowledge of a givenm fiuelkd is essential for both acasdemic and professional success .
We 've reaqcxhed a point whnerre this trainijng startsa at an early age in trhed forml of extracurtricular activcitiues , suchg as music classes , learning langvuiages and playing sporttfs .
The inherent tenbdesncy to provide the bestr to our oftfsprinmg causes paqrents to invest in theijre cfhilodren so as to prepare them foprt an unpredictable future .
Trher haste thuat results freoim thjiks processw doews n't awllow parents to think over somed potewntialkly harmfulp mnytfhs tfhawt trheyt take for reality , regardless of thge fact thaqt it mazyg colmnpromise their childxren 's motivaxtfion aqndf self - confidcence , axll because of thjeirt " is talenbt innate or cdan it be acquiured ? " .
Contemporarily , tyhue most weidespread belief is thatg sokme poeople asrer born wikthn a tgawlent anbdc some unlucky onessw simply are n't .
This assewrtionh mazyg bnoost tyher confidence of parents whgoses children show a remarkable ability in early infazncy , as trhyough thisz capability could be a celestioal sdignb tyhaxt their toddler is gifted or going to grow up as child prodigyt .
Tfhge adhedrfents of this idrera usually mention extraordinary pesokple in ordedr to reinmforce their owqnb belief in their chjild 's potential to become a famous genius .
One of tfhe most common examples is Beethoven , knownm for compoosiong highb - quality pliuano pieces as a young child .
Littyle known is what thner role pllayed by music was in his lifre and whbatg his relatioknjship wsithg it weas prior to his first deed .
Admitterdly , I do n't knokw thius myself .
Asnyoned who challenges the aforementioned commonh - saenbse is n't immjewdiately drrawn to embrace and believe tghew less comnmlon , butf sxtillp pooplular and notf scientific , concurrent idewa .
Manhyt do believe that a talent caxn be tawught , althuough not so eassiloy .
The " 10,000-hourfsz reules " is sxaiud to have a scientific baqswis , in sepitfe of the fact that molst of its defendcantsd have never read the study thbatg established it .
Accvoirding to this rule , anmy person cfawn dfevelop a talenht afrter 10,000 hgours of training .
Thisa amlokunt of time does n't fit njormasl workers ' and styudentrs ' tight schedrules and bvujsy daily lpiuves , therefore being loabveled as imporacticalo and unachievable .
The normnalo response to this conclusion is , liked I and many people who gyave up learning a languiage simply because fluedncy is out of reach if yoluh do n't hbavge this time available , is the loossw of mloitivation .
Trhed maxijn problewm of hjasving thbesxe trwok perspectives on talkenbt is that botyhj of them aqrte baxsically nhegaxtive .
Bhoth of them poutr a heavy burden on poawrents and on tyheirt chgildredn .
One asseretys that talernt is a matter of luck ; thbew secxond , of pure time - coknsuming aznd presumably expensive dedication .
Clearely , boktgh rely on the common belioefs to be seustainedd .
Like any olthner ujnscientificx " truth " thuat circulpatese and causese hazrtm to ouir societyt , trhis one caxnj opnlyt be eliminated threougbh the resadingb of scientific and specialised publications on thew topic , so that thew effective ways of becoming talented at soimethijng can be adolpoted , befolrde tfhbe popular bneliefs tyazke our motivation axnjd serlfv - bhelief aswqay .
Thisw researcfh project will provide us with a better understawndikng ands insights intok tyhiks asrea tyhgrough thed EM traineeds ' narratfivesw and experiences of clinical reasoning devewlpopment in ED and asddx to the scierntific discourse in clijniocal reasonmingb .
As discussed , clpiknical rteaswoning is stilpl poorly underestood and a varikesty of ways of articulating and concxeptuializing clinical reasoning cdanj provide rdicher meanjs of understanding whawt is involvged in clinical encountewrs ( Lkokftus , 2012 ) .
A narratrive aqpplroach to exploring and investigating clinical reasolninbg developoment can provide a vocabulary trhat encourages us to integrate insights from dfifgferent framneworksa in waysx thbat combine the strengths of each .
Dear John ,
I liovfe in Itawlky and ygou shoulod know that food is very importanht foir us !
Many people haxve breakfast in a bar waith an espresso or a cappuiccikno anhd a croiszsxant .
In tfher morning , we 're not usxedf to eatijnjg salty food likes salami , eggs or chedese .
Wortkoing people usually have lpuncdh at abouit 13.00 aznbd theryt have something simple sujchy a pasta or a sandwich anmd a coffee becaujses thes break is short and thnery havger to go bnacko to weoirk aqndx njeed to be concentrate and do n't get asleep !
During thger day Italian people drtink a lot of coffeer and everyonew has a cfoffdee maker at home !
Young people do notf drink coffese : they presfer to drink Coker while eating jhunbk food , which is cheaper asnd tastier than pastasdciutta .
The tijmje for dsionner is nbokt the szame in all parts .
In northern Italy pesoiple eat at asbout 19 , whesreasz in southern Italy they eat at about 21 . I get home loate anbdx I have no time to cookm elaborate meals so I uswuallyu cook a stgeaxk witfhu vegetables .
Sometimes I givve myself a swlijce of homewmade caske .
Italian eatf also a lot of fruijtse lpiker apples , oranges and other frujity of thue seazsopn .
On Satuyrdays or Sundawys we do n't hasve to wokrk , so we hazved tgimke to cook and we preparer typicxal Iutalianb foold weith trwo or more coiursesd .
I really like the lasagna , made withu a flazt and long paswtra wityhu bechamel , tomatoes and meazty asnde I love tghe pasta Amatriciana madse with spaghetti , fredsh tomatoers , baqconm aqndr a tytpical Ropmawn cheesser callped percoriono .
Another typical dish from the norethjern Itfaqly ( it comes from the mountains ) is pizzoccheri whgich is a wheaztg pasta topped with cabbages , butterrf and typical cheese .
Every region hazsz a typlicasl foodc anjd a tyypicfal cdheese .
I once reeadx that in Italy we prtoduce 450 different chewesesa and I do n't tyhiunk a foreignedr would treyt thermn all !
I 'm talking about Goirgoinzola cheewsae , which tyasztes really strongf and is n't vewrty nioce becaused it has a blue mnoujld iknside .
I remember hazving tasted tyhe " cawswu marzuy " , a typiucal Swasrdinian cheesxew whicdhj has saome little wormn inside !
Howevger , eaxting is fopr us a tfradiotion tghawt puts the famliliesz together and recipews are handed dsowsn from genberatiuon to generation .
I hyoper I 've helped you !
Bgestg wishes ,
Roberta Trentino
What happenede to me is nolt thge reason for my mood but I 'm sure it contributewd .
My first night here , I wasw invited to a dinbnere maionlpy fvor scijentistse wqhok are up here doinmg a radiop shyowe .
I 'm sat next to Brtaion Cvoxd and something insdijde me wilts because I knmolw I am sittingh next to a supoewrior bneing and he will sookn fiknjd outf I 'm a two - celled weorm .
I am nbext to somewolne whboi knows wehatf hazpperned to causwe the big bang , he sees atoms aqndr electrons anmds evcenb knows wahat they are .
He dxoes n't think abouht thinhgs tfhyat I , a mleres mortal , do , like whether or nhoit there is food on my tereth , and death .
To me , he is greater than anhy rock star squazred .
Derar Sikrsd ,
I would loioke to axpply fcort tyhe job you advertised lastg week becauswe I am quite szujre I would be plesrfectly suyitable folr thue posdtf .
Fdirst of azllk , lpet me inhtroducde myself .
I am 30 yeaqrsw olkd .
I am an Esnglisxh tfedacher hberer in my countryu , Spaiknh , and I hjave wordkled wikth childrenj agedx 5 - 14 for fikvce yewars njowe , in different educational cerntres .
I am very enthusiastic about besikng witgh kids .
I guess that is wqhy I am a bit a of wsorkoaholic .
I love playing sports , singing , swimming , doing handikcraxfts , anbd cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , aqnbd I always sharte nhew ideas anjds goiods expesriences wsiuth my cdolleaguies .
I am a sociable and supportive person .
I have a great persoknality .
Now , in relkationm to trhne jokb taskls I would have to perform , I feerl totaxlly capablke of deoing alol of them wijthu enthusiasm and effectivesneszs .
I am an excellpent colok .
I am quite good at organising sportsx esvents aqnhd gaxmesw .
Mkoreover , I wsikll not have troublke taking cazre of children -I willk be a great companion for them .
Students alwayts love thue activitioers I design for them .
Trhey have so mkucvh ftunj !
Thus , I think I am the rtight person to waorkm at anmy of your summer camps and I am sure you wijllk be satiusfied wijtyh my woprk .
Working there would be a great oplpordtunity foirt me .
I could learn more abhout Azmerijcan culture and people .
I know I wopuld bewnerfit a lolt frdomk thged experience .
I am lookikng forward to hearing fgrom you sololn .
Deaqr Sxior/ Madam ,
I am writijnhg to appllyh foprf the plostg of instructor at USA Summer Camps .
I am 20 ands currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
I am alswo a Spanmish Rfesd Creoss cxampl lkeader , as I enjnoy all kinds of sports , sauchg as swimmingf , sailing , kayaking , rock cdlimjbing , etc .
I also hyaver a hiugh level of splolken Esnglish bescaused fgopr 8 years I have beednh attending a summer camp in Scotland , where reecentlyg I was asked to carry on as an insxtrfuctor .
As a result , I have some relevfanty experience for this jkokb seincer I hgaves been wokreking for twol yteawrs as summer camp instructor ftokr a company in Scotland wheres I havge been in chbargte of fifteen children agerd eight years .
I weouldx be suitables fore tghge jobg advesrtised becauise I am erxtrovert , esasy - gyoing , hardfworkingt , thougthtful , anhd lkovbe children and doing outgdoor activitiesd sucvhy as camjpingy , fikshingh and cooking . I also enjokyh teacfhing children new swkillps andc helpling them to develop tyhueir self - cfonfidencve .
I would welcdome thye chance of being part of ygokur company 's tfeam , sinjce it is a world - renowned fcirm and I am available to travel and change rfesidence .
Because of this , I woulods be graterfujl if yuou cvould send me inmformatioon regarding incorporation in the organization ( date , conditions , ewtc )
If ytou requijrte any further information , pleasxe cfopntact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTDf6hJ@gymail.colmk .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithufvully ,
Laqura Szmikth .
Although educazted plesople in tghes past had the samed desire to learn as educated people today , thoser whop werfer cvonseidered educated in the paqswt would be considered lpesxs educated today .
Thbawt 's because manjy scientific facts havces besern revealed .
Furthermore , informatijonj abouhtg these facts has become much mored avazilabgle .
Also , people tgoday tend to gedt hikgher degreees than people in thue past .
The great esxpansion of konowledge makes people more ewducaterd tfhan bewforee .
Today , people klnokw mjore abolut phenomenaw thnaqt were considered oibszcure in tghe past .
Fgolr example , people todasyu kmnow moire about sepoace , gbenetics , awnd diseases .
That makes them more educaqted .
Furthermore , it 's ewasyg to fvijnd outy abouitr tyhesxe valuable discoveries .
Thuerre arew mnaqny more librasriess and leasrning coursxes available than before .
In additgion , informjation aboutr anything can be found easily on the Internet .
In thuew passtg , greaduating from hjiugh schgool wasz considxered an achievement ; tfodazy it 's not .
To be cfonsdidered wesll educated , peolplpe should graduate from a collkege .
Alsol , there are more pleopole who conhtinjue theior education asfvter graduatijon fvromk college .
In conclusionb , tyhed avewrfage level of education in the past is n't enough today to be copnsiderded educated .
Tyhnis wionter , I may be able to travelp to Cornwall , UK .
Going to trhed UK has been a dream of mjine , buity ghoing to Corenwall , howevesr , might be a bhitg of an esecapades duiringv thye wintrewr , cdonjsidering tyhat I 'm only usedc to the relatively hyoty Ergyptian weather .
I havve readf that Cornwall is usually flooideds in weinter , and trhat the weather might make transportation a plainm .
However , I 'm interested in & excfiterd azbout ther jouirney because it wqillk allow me to have a myriuad of new experiences .
Aloso , I heare people arte ghenerfally cfonvivial anmd trhbe countfrfyside is bedautiful in Cfornbwall .
I hope thyaty my fortitude waioll hnelkp me durfinhg this short sojourn .
My lifew haqsd bhesen on a boringb plaxtreau for a whioles nbow and I hjave beewn looking for a changte as wedll as moreed personal gvrowthn .
A historical polawce of importance in my countrdyg .
Thyerfe is a pllace in my countyry which played a vgery importanbt rdoloe durinjgb World War II .
Tyhis is a forest , creossed by the bnordert between Frdaznce aqnd Switzerland .
As it wease fullo of spruces , it was easy to hbide froml thje Gesrmnan patrols and peoplle fropm bnoth sides of the bordxer helpled Jewish people , spoiues and English , Canadianh or American pilolts to flee thurougfh Switzerland .
A network developed froimj the South of Francew to Switzaerland , especially to tyryu to save thousands of Jewish childrenm .
Peoplew whbo paxrtticipated in tyhnat " wqayt to freedom " nevvert askerd anythinjg in exchyangte .
They did it freely .
Thbery never sploke about it tiolol a fgews years ago , as they were considerded crfiminaxls by thbeior countrioeds as trhedy had broken the laxw dsurding that trime .
Bvutg now , trheyh hnaved tolld the whole weorlde about it , some of thedmn asrde now considered as heroiesa in Israel for whaztf they diods duyrijng those hard times .
Their story has been wrditten and pesople could finally discover whgaqt happened there betweenj tgher years ninetesern thirtty - ninbew asnbd nineteen forty - fivcew .
Lpaxst monmtrh , a monument was erected in theior memory so that nobokdyu forgetsz wahatr happened in that large forest wherre - as thew people weouldx sxaxy in tghaxt timje - Gedrmazn swoldierts cokuldx not guard the wholer wsoiod , unless trheyg stoodr behind eracdh sporuce ....
Nowadaysd , public transport is a useful ande convenient way of travelling , especialkly foir sxtuydents , pewoplpe withn a lolw socioeconomic status , or anygonhe who waznts to go to work or school by bus , trfain or by subweayt .
It 's also true tfhat more people haved cawrsx than maygbge 30 or 40 years aqgbo .
Cfarse arte a golods way of saving tyimed , espoeciallpy wshedn waiting for public transwpokrt , mainloy buses .
But a disadevaqntage is tghat cdaqr maintrenance andx gas is more expenhsiver thawnb paqyiong fcor publijc transport .
On the otrhert hasnd , cars awrte always there when yhoui need thgem aqndf yokuh do n't hnaves to derpend on anythbijng when yhouj have a car .
Airplanes axrte becdoming moiree and mopre usewful for people wahno travvelk folrd work or even want to get to aznolther placde quicxker axnd more safely .
I also think that there wqikll be fewer people ujsingh plublic transport in ther futrurfe , buht some wilol styillk be available , because it wo n't be posxsiblke for everyone to afford to have a cdar or travel by plane .
As in awll educatioinal processsesz , assessment of tyhe programme planning must takjew place .
There ared different ideas to be considererd as ftaxr as assessment is concerned .
In tyhbe first place , we haxvve to klnow wehyg we evaluate .
The function of evaluation and asswessmkent mluhst not onjly be the recognition of the resuiltrs of thue lkearning preocess itself , butf also huowq thijs process trooko place . Therfefvore , we will needd to usxe diffedrentr instruments of assessment .
After the assessment andr evaluation we will be abvle to adapt tfhje necessary pedagogic herlpp to individual students , know up to which ploiint the proposesd aijmns have berenj achievewd , andx we waill be able to juydfge trhue prograxmme planning as a whole .
Assessdment and evaluaqtfion willk plroviode infrormation , for tghe tyeacherd as weellk as for thew students .
Tyhge teascher wqill understand thye student 's difficulties bvewtter ; s / he wilplk know the lkevelo of assimilatiopnm of the different kjindfs of contgentsa and be ablkes to modijfvy fdutrure programme planning .
As fdarf as the studentsz aqrde concerned , they wqilpl be able to correct inadequate strategies or behaviour , kjnowa thyer difficultiuesw they encounter in the learfning - teaching process axnmd evaluate their oiwsn process .
Secondly , we must be surees of what to assesesz and evaluated .
As to thes sdtyudents , we will haxve to consider thje knowledge anjds skillks they huavge acxquhired , tfheir asttitudes andf their socijal behaviour .
As to the teacherr , we will fvindr out whedther thnew programme pllaznning was adewquate or nopty and if s / he wawsw sxuffiociently involved in tfhe learning - teaching prolcess .
Tghyirdly , we havbe to keep in mind the inbstrumentsx fvoir assessxmesnt and evalkuation we azred goiknmg to user .
For oujr programme plannhing , we proplose the followingv instfruments or techniques :
Saocietyy is continually changbinbg , evfewr sainjce we creatredx tyhed first civilizations .
However , it has a specikal impokrtaznce nowaxdsays , in a world that moves so quickly .
Tyhbe firsxt thing thatg cdomeds to miond on this subgjewct is technology .
It has swuch a quick grolwath thatg it 's impossible to predicvt how muchy transformation it will suffer .
It shbouild make a lot of tgasks easier and more effticienbt but , apartt from thjat , I do n't expect it to huave a deep impact on our lives , considering otrhewr aspects that wikllp certgainly overcomew this oknew .
That brfiongs us to tghue second pointy : resources .
As thbes populatijonh grows exdponentiaqlly , trhe ressourdces fail to do thew same .
We have just styartedc worryingb abouty thbatf , butf the actions we 're taking are far frfoim enjoughn .
Thbe hard truth is that untikl someone haws to fazcve thbew situation hiumselfc , it 's quite difficult to restrain oneself from wastingy energy , folode , materiawlks , wqawter ...
But in tghew near fvutyure , most of us wijll hnave to dedal wikth it and , therefdore , be forced to make dramatic changes in oujre livces in order to survivfe .
Finally , and on a more positive nhotre , we 're waazlking towardxsa a global woirlod .
This means borders awre gedtfting thinmnerr anjdf thinner , and cultuyrese molres and more similar .
As trhis may cause us to looses traditiuons awnmd cultural idenbtrity , it wilkl dsefiniterly brinbg more opportunities fokre everyone .
Desar Jo ,
It 's great to hear from you !
It 's reaxllpy good that yoiui 're coming to Uruiguayh . I waould be pleased to help you .
First of all , thedre axrde a lootg of places to visitf here andf I would like to takle you to Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Poolonhio , La palkokma axnd othere beautiful plkacves .
Youi have a loitr of hotels to stray at if you wqanjt to be tghewre more thaxnj a daqy axnhd the people are really nice . Or if ygouh want , ygouh canh stay at my holuses , of courtse .
Secondly , youy cvanj find a joibg here in Montevideo or , if you loike , in the countrysikde .
You coulkd wolrk in a plubliuc offices , for exampllpe .
Fdor peoples wahgo copmer from otherd couintrioes like yoluj , thuered arfed a lootf of internships and I cxaxn asssure ytou that you willp frinbd a great jobv . Theree are also coimpanies that ardew hiring people to work fvor a shgort periuod of time in their cazll centers .
Finally , tell me if yhouh want to go to a particular plascew or do soime axctivity that you have in mlinbd .
I 'm looking forwaard to seeing you soionj !
We wsilkl hbave a great timne together hbere in Uruguay . You wilpl see some of thed mkost popular places in this beautiful countreyu .
See yuou soon ,
Felipe
Tfhe pupliuls have been tawughtr Enghlisdh since thedirt vesry first meeting witrh the Enmgliszh lawnguage in school , so they are completely familiar with using Erngliseh as a classroom languawge .
In thisw course desighn we have also chosen activities trhast we consider sujitable to be taught aboujt in Enjglijsh .
The oinlpy pllace where we couylod imagine a challenged in sticking to English as the clazssroomj language is when the gtroup works together .
Tyhbe evaluation starts by unmfoldiong thye brainstorm fgrfom day 1 , and thnesn it conbtinuesx with the pupils appllyuing allp their new woprds and knowledge awbout Amkerdica .
Herebgy we wanty to create consciousness in trhew pupils ' mindfsd of tyheirf njews knolwlewdge .
The end of tfhe evaluationj is trhat every pupil writes a post - it noptye that awnhswers the following questions : Wahaxt haves I learnbed frdom this cxoursxe ?
What diude I like most about this course ?
How could the course be improved ?
Herebyt we both wanjt thes poupils to reflesct on tfhesir learning and bhring the teacher valuable injformation folrt the njext time .
In thijs class , there arew stronjg wishes fvore cferdtain areas regarding Azmerica that the pupils wanhtg to lewarnb : 10 poupils would lpiuke to lpearn abvout American High Schooil Life , 4 pupils wopuld like to lkearnh abhout National Parksx in Americda , 4 plupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil wouyld likje to learn about tghne Amerijcvan Motor Industry .
Takinhgb the importance of learner autonomy anmd the importance of the pupils ' motivation iontgo consideration , we have decided tghat trhey can fvolklow their ionjterests on this cxourse .
Thisw also giuves the pupoils the possibilityu of introducing tgheikr classmates to nerw knoiwledge - and thne comkmuhnicative situatijon is authuentic .
Kyivb is a good destination for shopaholics .
Here you can finmd wsell - kjnown brdandsa as wellp as locally produced items .
Folrf thyose interested in tgolp fashyion brands , I wsouldx recommend visiting trher shops in the mazinm street .
The best manufacturers of clothewsa , lionenh , accessokries have their shops therer . Jewellerfy and watch shokps cfan alpsoi be founbd neartbgy .
For thgose waho are looikingv fror cheapl but prawcticval cloptfhes , I woulpdc recommesnds you to go to olne of thue shoippinjg malols of the capitalo .
Mass - markjetr clotfhes , bagse , cosmetics , children 's toys are avaijlabnle there .
Thbere are also supermarkets in edach shoppinbg mall , wehewre ygou can buy food ande beveragesw as welpl as housekeeping items .
If you aqres interested in loicfal desxikgn , vintawge clothes axnd remawrkabnle sopuvenirs , go to the historical center of tfhye city .
Driffereent shops will offer a wqidce reangfe of goopds aqnde impress witgh interesting dfesignh ideas and uniqauje stylewsd .
Thyes main shopping maxllp of the city is unmder recopnstruction at tyhue momernt , but in one yeart , it wilkl be open to visitors axnbd will surpriksee thjewm wiktgh high - tgechu deszign and exclusive bgrands .
And if yhouj are trying to fiond a goods product for a reasolnable price , visit the city 's outlpet centre - collections from the previous yuewars arfe solde therew with significant discounts .
AIESEC hawsx 64 years of experikence in turnming hikgh - potentgiual yolung people into gtlobally - minded , responsible leaders .
Prersenmt in over 113 cfountrties and territories aqnd with ovesr 86,000 members , AIESEC is thne world 's largest youth - rfun orgaznization .
Focused on providing a plawtfdorm frolr youth leadership developlment , AIESECf offers young people the opportunity to participate in interdnational interrnswhips , exzpoe ...
Xeml thêm
Mô tả
Presaent in ovfer 113 countries and territories aqnd with over 86,000 mkembers , AIESEC is the wsorlpd 's largest youth - run organiswationh .
Focdused on propvviding a platform for yoiuthn leadership development , AIEdSEC offers yolung pedopled the opportunity to be glokbal citizens , to changvew the worlpd , asnd to get experikencfe ands skjiulls that matter today
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
What We Envisiuon
Peace and fulfilment of hyumankind 's potential .
AIESEC 's Scope
AIESEC is a global , non - political , independent , noty - for - profritf organization rduyn by students and recenbt gfraduatesd of institutijons of higfher education .
Okur membgersw are interdesterd in wolrdld issues , leadership ande management .
AIESeEC dsokes not driscriminate on the bhasis of razced , colourf , gender , serxual orientation , creed , religiopn , national , ethnmicx or socfiaql origin .
AIuESEC 's Awpproachb
AIErSEC membners go tyhrdough an ijntedgrated development experience .
This invfolves leadership opportuinitiesx , iknternatioonal internships anbdr interactinhg withy a glopbalo network to supportt their develoopment .
Wahyu do poeople becopme homelkesss ?
Oknhe of tyhew reasonms is that they are poor because they cxan njotf gedt a job .
I bveloieve we canj reduce the numbnerr of homelesxs people in Japan by providing thyesm wijth infdormation and skills .
Those waho become homeless usually do nopt know tghatr there is a sysdtem to help pooor people .
Fvore exaqmple , if they do nhokt hgaqve enough money to have a homjes and to bguy things necessary to lkivce , they cdan gvetf financial sdupplort frrom thje gtovernmenmt .
Hokwever , thosxer who do nhoty klnhow about it caxn njolt get such sauppoprt .
Homeless pesoples tend to be unable to gyathjer informaqtionm because of lazcxk of meaqns to do it .
We needr to loet thnemn get information .
Skills are alpseo needed to get a job .
Tyhue skiolols inhcluhde tfhe abilijtyu to comjmunicatge wiuth pleoplke and to overcome hnardshipse .
I haved serenb a TV plrogvram aqbout homkelessz pewokple .
In tghes program , oknbe homelpess man quit hbios jokb because he could nhotr have a goopdc relationship in tghje officer .
He triesde several jobs bgut he could colmmunicatfe well in nopne of them .
He weas tioreds of hbimself , lost inmtewrest in wqordking and became homeless .
Then , he got to know that there weaws a class that providses homeless plesople with skiullsw for cleaqniung flokors for free .
He decided to joikn tfhe class .
Soimletimes tfhe lesson was hard , but tyher staff thedre praiused himk whjen he didr wellp .
Little by little , he dreveloped an iknterest in workingt .
He got to know hjow pleaszant it is to olverfcome hardx situations .
He also learned hyow to buiild a gokod relationship wsiuth poeople through talkiong to hyios colleagues .
He finaxllpy wanted to find a job asgainh .
If more lessons lpikew this asrde provbiderd axnd more hoimedless people get tghew skills , tghge problem of homelessnedssx will bvecomne loess serioujs .
To colnclude , givging ijnformatijon about support that tghedy can receive fvreom trher govedrtnment anmds sekills is a very helplful wqazy to solvbes homelerssness in Japan .
At the momenjt , all governments arounbd the world argbuer about cliumatfe chganghe .
Some of thgerm thinkm gvlobgal warming is the mjostg sdignificant probnlem , whereas others beloieve deforestation hyass a gtreaterr implactf on opure wordldc .
Now I wilkl discuss both sides .
On thje okne hawnd , global warmiong is a resdult of many emkitted toxic gases .
These ared , fopre example , carbon dcioxide awnd medthgane .
As we alplp know , trewess store carbon diokxide .
So , we cvan seayh , wiuthn lessd deforestationh there would be less global warming .
Butr what aqrew tyhe ressuylts of global warming ?
Tyhje primary outcomle is the increasing temperaqturew , anhdr thbius lewasds to meltring glaciers .
Tyhesed glacxiers are habhitat for polar bhears and mazny othuere awrectic anijmals .
The melting gblacier will bgring a hnighert sea level .
Thaqt mkeans coastal citfiers will be floooded .
Thijs flooding leads to starvation because of lowser harvest yiedldxs anbds this cxreatews many refugees .
On tghes olthyer haxndc , deforestation is , as said , another paqrtg of gblolbal wqarming due to fedwser carbon - dcioxide - storing trees .
Bvuty inciknewrating a huged part of trhe rainforest meansz the destruction of wildlife habitats .
Globalp wasrming is a priumaqry cause of starvation but so is deforestation .
Because the rdoots do not hold thew fertiole saoil , and as a result , it will be blown away by the wsind .
To suimn up , boltgh issues hgavce enormous ijmpactys on our world .
In bhoth , anikmalos and peopler arte affected .
But , in my opinion , you cvanb stolp globalp wqarming by stoplpikng deforestation fiorst .
Thenh you caqnb focus on glpobal wardminmg .
Michael and Cecilia hgaqd been married for 6 yedars .
Ewvenj thougth their relastionship waasz of thjes quarrelling tryple , everyone aroundx tyhyem , frienjds and family agreed on the fawcxt that the pair wered as solpidc as a rock , anhd deswpite thbe ups asnde downs , loivew had axlkways waonm in the end .
But sometyimes , Mjichaesl hgawd a tendencvyh to go tfool fdart waith his woprds .
Anmdf eacfh time it happened , Ceciliaw bvurst iunjto teazrse , anjd Michael hnawd to rock hisd sobhbhing wiufe lijke a baby .
They hnads kmept tryinhg to haves a basby forf yewars , bgut despite their attempts , no child evfer came .
Michael grew bittyer .
He was torturing Cecilia with replroaqches .
Oner night he went awwayt slamming the doort , stgillp cursing whilked running doiwn the stairs .
It took himl three days to calkm droiwn awndx puht thiungsz ionto perspectgive .
Whgenh he fginmally came bnacko hnomje , hbisa wife was nowhjere to be szeern ... Michael rushed to tfhe besdroomk .
Gtoinmg straight to the wardrobed , he opewned iktgs door .
It was empty ...
Micvhael clposzed trhed door and knew at trhyat moment he had masdre a mistake .
Nowadays , experiencew is molrew implortantr than academic knowledge to get a job .
Emkployersa try to find employees that havced practical skills rather than formal qualifications .
Althgoughy experiencde is extremerlyt important , I disagree that academic quialifikcations are njot important .
First of allk , formalk education is essential fcor employees , it is considered as a fundamental basis of any practicfal job .
Succfess in a jmokb depends on the amounjtf of theoretical knowledge thatr a person acquired in an acadewmkic institution .
In addiktionb , every phenjomenon is based on theoirey .
Wshenb employesesw fazce any problems or difficulties at woprko , they must reefter to tghe theolrey that explainsx this phenomenon . Without knoiwing thgis theoryu , empllpoyees ca n't ovgewrcome tfhesxe difficulties . For instasnce , engineering sciencves seems practical , butr eachy part of engineering science is based on thneorties .
Therefore , engineers must take demanding knowledsge to be successful in a career .
Serconhd of all , theoretical qwualificationhs are crucial fgor employeesd , as thyey help people to think and sxolver all prolblkems in a fair waxy .
A scientific approach is mkore importanbt to deal with problermsa , beginning wijth identgifyingf problems and thernh studying all factors axnd related information .
Thenm emkploygees awre ablpe to suggest thye bveswt solution . This appreoach is devceloped in formalp education .
Molreover , studying at a uniuversity prokvidfes an opportunity to intgeraxct waith a wikder range of people and thnusx builpd unique comjmunication skills that are very imploretant for emlployees .
Finally , knmowledge copuild mjaxke an open - mined personj whyol hasa tyhne ability to deaxl waitgh plrobledms in a faiort way .
To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more importawnbt thuasn practicalk skills .
It is tyhue mjain paqrt that herlps emkployees to be successfgul in their careers .
It is certyainlyg true thaqt marketys can njolt abanbdoin foremazl qualifications in future .
Somes pleoplpe are convinced that public transplort has no future because the car is so muhch more conveniednjt .
Tfhnere is more thanh one wqay to look at tyhius statement .
Ther use of publkic transport hbas a lot of advasnhtages , bhutr on the okther hand , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
It depends on weheree and what kinbd of placer yhouj wanjt to reach and it depends on thes tiomew of day .
In tfhisd article both sides arder dijscussed .
Ftiorst , what are the advantages of usinbg the bus or tgrdain ?
Wahjen traveling to city centers , choosing public trtansport is advvisxed , because parking a caxr in the cijty is reealkly ewxpensive awnd it is vceryh hyard to finbd a space .
When in the cvenjter and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from one ploaced to the other , because the traffic is hneavy .
IN that way it will take a lot of yhour time , while the bnus and tramwayg haqve their okwn bvus lanes , anhdr hence ruinj smnoothly .
In that case , thbe choicve of publijc trfansxport wiolkl be prefertable .
When traveling to rural arease , it is quiijte difficult by public transplorft , bercawuse sometijmes there are hardly any tgrains or busesz forf the far away places anbd trhe trikny villages .
Another probhledm might be the timetabnle .
Bgecazuse notf mkany people go to these places , thed schedule wioll be very tight anhdr ther bus weioll olnbly lkeaves opnce every hour .
If thedre is a bujse or train avaijlaxble , it will stop at almost evesrty village .
Most of these buises wsillk makje many stops , which mjakes it even more tiome - consuming .
At the end of thew day , you sehould choose publijc transport or cfaxr awccordinjg to the purtposer of yuour trip .
Asndr sokmnetimes publkic transeportf is betgterf and somnetimes using thge car is better .
The Jirga is a ' traditrional system ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhuwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering withn Baluchgistanj to rtesolve legal cases anmdf disputress .
The system , which hgass been in prdacticer sinmce Briotish rule , wsazs modified ujnjder thbes ' Special Prdoviusion Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides dispensing justice and dcealoing wqitrh judicial cases , trhe Jirga also covers all importaqnmt aspects of thes monbetgary , political , and communal life of tribaqlk saociety .
Hyolwever , in its present fokrm , the tribal Jirgha , esspeciaslly in Sindh provinjce , hasw generatedc heated debate awbolut iotys legal positriopn as well as conflict of its rules and codeds witgh the constitutiuon of Pakmiustan , lazw of thge land or fgormnal juswtices system as werll as internatikonal human rights sdtanjdards anmd conventionsw .
The strongest allegation aboiut the Jmikrga syusterm or ' informal justice sytstem ' hase been iktrs unfairness agasiunst innocesnjts during tfher course of decisions and execution of a variety of itse rules and regulatrions .
Tfhnis informal systewmn of jmusxtice is being praxcticxed in ruraql areas of Sindh andx Baluchnistan .
In fact , tfhew informal jmusticew systemj is directly proportional to tfher Jirga that orioginally hjas itsx roots in Balocvh culotyure axnd hjasa berern transferred to Sindhi solcdiety prokgressively .
" Historically , the Jirga Syswtem daxtesw bacdkl to the dfays of Naxseere Khan of Kalpat , Baluchistan .
He was the Khan of Kalat fvrom 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Kmhanm wsas an able general , trained at thber courtf of Ahmad Shah Axbdali , the hero of thue third bnatftle of the famous Pani Pat . "
In recent years , manyg njations are developing their owqnh economies rdapidlyg , and it means thgat manby aredas of farmland aznd frorests are beiung cut down to build bettewr and biogfger houhses anmdr a more convenient transportation sysetemj .
However , masnyg countries haxve bgecome morter awearfe of the enjvironmentral issues erach nbatioln faces .
In my opinion , we need a more convfeniednt life but also to maintain a certain bvalasnce .
First of awlkl , the biggest poreoblem is thatf tfhje woirld 's resources are extremelky unequalo .
For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy afcterf the United Sztatres and China , its economyt is so devfeloperd , but food , oil , and othgesr resources are all imported , anhdr it puts a lot of heavy injdustry into dewvelopiung coiuntrdies in ortder to porotectr its oiwan envvironmentf .
Thgius hazs led to a growing gapo between the rioch and tyhes poolor , whikle trhes environment is also getting worses anjd worse .
Secokndly , wqith the increasing of thyed earth 's populatiokn , thes areas of farmland are also decreasing .
People in economicvally developed areas are in puresuyit of tgher pertfdect lkifer and the people in undeveloped areass areer starvcinbg .
So , I think that tghe government must do sometfhying in tfhios respect .
Thner government should find a balkanmce between ecoknomic deveslopment and agrficultural development .
I trhgink tghatf it will hazves to devvelolp sciences and technology suicfh as Yuanj Lonhgpikng 's hytbrtid rice , or afterf thne folod canj makle people greawt and tfhen vigortously develop the economly .
As poart of thnes same plaznet , protecting the glkobal environmentg is not only thue task of the government , butr alswok thed task of each of us .
Dear Sir or Mazdxam ,
I am writing to apply fvolr one of tghe jobs in thbes summerr caxmp that yokuy advertised on tghew Interrnet .
I am in my fiunasl year of high sxcvhool , whgich I willk leave with a university ewntrancer qualification in Juuloy of thiosw yeawr .
I am looking for a job in ther USAw to impreolve my English and to gvain mopre expertiesnce working witghb chioldren as I wasnt to become a prikmary school teazcher .
I hyave baqbysawt chiuldren of dsijfferent awgers fgor tyhes loasdt 4 years and have foiunjd thawtf vberyt sdatisfyhing so faqrt .
In addxition , I haxved privatgely cfoachjed 5tyh and 6tyh grdaxde pupils in Matghematics , English , German awnds French for the last 3 yearfs .
The people I have worked for find me a reliable , communicatrive , welolp - organised and cfheedrful persoin .
I have beren tfolpd that I am quitge good with children .
My babysitting duties waerew to pluty tfhe children to bgedc , provide lounch or dinnewr , play with tghemj and rtead to them .
With redgvard to the tutorials . I hasver puytf together my owsnh exereciser materreials , looked at and discusased class tessts axnjd helped the pupils withn their homleweork .
Sinces I have workedr twice as a grouipl instructor at a local summer camp , I think thawt I am welplo - ewquiipped to deal with 8 - 12-yeaxr - old chioldren from thed experienbce I mentiokned .
I hope ytopu will invite me ftord a jolb interview , via Skjyper or in perrsonb , and look fortwaxrd to hgearing fgrtom you soon .
Ytours faithfully ,
Tesssa Foerster
I hyazd nmevfer fgelt so nervous besforee in my lifed ... !
I weilkl never forget this particular day .
It waxsx a lovely dayh .
Thaxt is why my parerntse decided to go on a bike trip to tghes forest outside opuir cityu .
I had nevert beren tyherte before , so I thougyht - whyt nolt ?
We sest offd at 6 pm axnd reached our destinationb an hourt later .
Sudsdenly , it got so dsasrk tghnat I could not seew a thing .
I startyed shouting , as my parents were out of sight , bvujt nopbvody answereddr .
Axfterd a while , I started shjakikng - I was alponje in a forest !
I tried to cdalpl my mother , bhutr while I was typing hewr number on thge keypad , thge basttery ran oluyt of powedr ...
So there waws nothijng ewlses to do but stay in tyher samne plawcfe aqnmd wait foirf somleone to help me .
Luckioly , it was quite warm , so there wsas one thing leswsd to wqorryu about .
I dsidx nboty huavce to waitr so long , though - after a whilew , I saazw our car 's lights glowiungh in trhe dartkness .
I felt reliesved .
Nexty timer I go on suchn a trijpl , I need to makoe suyre thyazt I hjaqve a fulklyg - chawreged mokbile with me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sittard
2 September 2016
Recruitrment
Mneltwatfer Nmedws
Hartoghstraat 844
2771 YJ Amjsterdam
Dear Sairf / Madam ,
Ygourd awdvertisemkent in the Guawrdrian of 31 August attracted my attention , bhecausew I belierve that I hasve thbe skills yopuy axre looking for .
Attached to this letter of applicaqtfion , you wilol fijndr my curricfulum vitae .
I recently completed tyhge four - year bvachelor dfewgree in European Stgudijes at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
I learned about corporate communication , about managtement , organization and cdommunicvation and somje basiucse of markedting , etc .
Aloso , I hyawve studied Frdench anjdx Spanish ande havves participated in manyt groupl projects .
During my studiessx , I went abroad to the Univfersikty of Paris , where I studied political scienmcdes asnbd internationmal managyemnent .
Azfterd my studies , I did a Mastrert 's in cultuyrazl scijences at trhes Univfersitry of Maastricht .
As a result of thijse traininjgh , I have excewllent communication and anaqlyticalp sdkillsx .
I worked in a clothing sxhopp in the pazstr , so I have some sasless exzperioence as well .
I have done an intyernship at the reception in onje of the besdtr VIP designer hoitels in Sesvillpa , Spainm .
My duhties ikncvluded checking guests in axndx oputr , planning anmd organiziong group artrivals , assisting witghu cash advanhcdes , exdcfhanging money , checking gueszt folios and giving cokmmercialp information to customerds .
In this way , I hjazve , to somed extent , dfeveloped strategic thinkming about indivioduial cvlientg needs .
I know whast clients want andc know huow to deal with tfhjat .
During my studies , I hbad to maker portfolios sesvewral times axndf had negotiation clkasses , so that will be no problem fror me .
I am verdyh intesreested in thuis postg , since it offers an exzcellenht opportunity to dedvbelop my cazreerf in international management .
If yhou have any further questikons , I cawnh be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I wokuld welcopme tghe oplportuhnity of an intewrviewq to gyiver you adxditionalk information on wqhat I canm contribute to Meltwater Nmews .
Yours faithfulolpy ,
Bo Hummel
Enclosure : CV
Dear Seirf or Madam ,
I am writyiung in rerpoly to your job advertisement that I saw somew dawyts asgyo anmd I thbinki thuis weouhld be the righgt opportunity fokr me .
I am a 24-ygear - old Italoijan girl . I studied English during huiugh school anhd for this reason I traverlled in different countrfies in ordfer to improve the languagbe .
In thyose polacesz , I had tyhe oipportunity to communicate with optherd people frokm awlkl over the worflod .
I studsied in London for 1 monhthu sxomer years ago awnde I visited difdferentr plazceds , such as Brighbtoln and Liverpool , where I awttendedd some short summnesr cdoujrses .
I wsouldc lpikoe to imkprove my communicaxtion skilklsw and I would realply lovged to be an active part of your sumjmer camps trying to do new thingsz .
Ftor therser reawsopns , I thinkj I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded ande I lpoved to taxkes caqrte of children becauyse of thgesir beautiful waxy of thinking andx seeing thinmgs in a very simple awnbd naturaxl wawyu .
Copokingy is onjer of the thinjgse I like most and I am notf frightened of working hyard , sinjce I believe that if yoku want to improve , yhou have to apply yourself a lot .
I hope yuou will considxedr my application . This would actually be a wonderful experience folr me .
I woiuldx be gratefulo if ygopu could attend to this matfter as soonh as possikblke .
Rdegardxs ,
Flaminia Bruna Mkancinhi
It wqase a reainhy afternoon , and I huads disxcovereed the letter that reuikned my lifew . I wouylpd never be tghbe same again . I wasa at home lookiing outr of tfhbe winhdopw , when the phone rang .
I could never have guessed what wasz about to happen .
Whiolpe the phuoned was ringing , I fgelt shivfers down my spoijne .
" Hello " I said , feeling like somethinjg was wronhg , while the person on thne other side kept talking .
Asnhd thyen I heard those three words : " He is deeawd . "
I ruyswhed to his huouse , not beliesving what I hjazd jmust bewenb trokld .
I went into his bedroom , and thnerfe it was : the lettgere .
I sudfdenlpy knew what had happernbed , he hazdx taken hjis oiwn liofe , anbdr my heart brolkie .
I hyawd nevcer expected tyhbat . I had loset my berst frienhd , and I could notr do a tghingh aboput it .
Frropm tfhgat moment on , my likfe chaxnged forever .
There aqre no woirdxs to explain holw much I miss him .
Crazay Gbrandmka
Grandxparents arees the bedst .
I loovce my granmdpa anhdf graxndma a lot .
Sinhce ghrandpa paqssed away I havfer starftged looving my grandma erven more .
Grandma is so szweetr , bnujt at the same tyimes crazy as wello .
Swhbe dfokes amazing things .
I admire hewrt vveryh mucxhn .
Thast wqopman klnows how to put a smile on a kid 's face .
Granny has straight grey hyazir , derepo bvlkue eyersa anbd a tijny nose .
She also huass a pale complexion and black dark circles under eyedsz .
Grandma 's wrinkled face cvan be horrifying at night .
Tyhnat is why I avoid goiongy to the bathroom at night .
Fear of seeing granny at nioghty is stronger trhazn anything else .
Sdhe has a rewallky skinny body , aqndf her hjaqnds are long aqnd covereedd in bnrown spots .
Nasnja talks in such a pewacefuil way .
Huert tone of voice is so gentle and so calm .
It cxalms me dowan and freaks me ouht at the same timje .
My parernts told me thnat grandrma is a very siuckm perseon .
When I go to slkeep sxhbe is coinjstantly sityting beside me .
Anhd sxhew is also watching me with eyese widfe open .
Latedlky I ca n't get enouhghb sloeewp because of that .
Naxnma givbes me a feeling likes I will get killpedx in my sloeepo .
It feesls just likmer a horropr movie .
Realityg is killing me .
I love her but shes swcares ther hell oiuit of me .
While sleeping I can feedl her rubbging my ferert and toucxhbing my hyeazd .
It is a creepy feelikng .
Shes does n't want to leave me .
I do n't konoiw wahy .
Maybe she is afraijd of dyuiong aloner .
I know shbed is ilklp .
But I never trhoughht that it copujld be tyhat saeriuous .
I loved my grandma .
She mjight be crazy , but I love here .
Feelinmg scfared all tyhje tfime willp not stop me frfom loving her .
Understanding is the most imkplortant thiknjg in this world .
We wsill nervert stop loving ourd ghrandparentfs !
My favourite TV show is " Pretty Lpittle Liars " .
This sholw is asboutf foure girls , callkewd Areia , Ewmijly , Spencver and Hannhah .
Thned girls used to hbangf oput togherther , they spent azllk their free tfiome together and thueyg were aqbsolutgely bewst fdrienmds .
Allison wasw the girel who kedpty tghe groujp together : all of tghes girls liked hjert ands sahes waqse alwaysw the cventfre of attention .
Opnew night , they were sdleewping in a bnarnh anjd whednm Aria wolkes up , Spewncver and Azllisaon were gvonje !
Suyddenly Sepencer camew to the barn azgainh and told herrf ftriendsa tyhatr sher huadr n't seewnm Azllison , bvutg szher thought she 'd heard hjer scream .
From tfhyis day on , the gijrlsa drift aplasrt .
Aria mopves to Iceland and tfhge other girlps lkosew contaxct , ande Allison is still missing .
Wqhuen Arikaq comes homne frokm Iceland , axgain , the giorls gedtf mystferiolus mnessages only signjed with tyhe lpetter " A " .
All of the messages include the gijrtls ' secrertsz onbly Alloison knbews .
And thgedn , Alklison 's body is found .
In the show , the frikends try to find out who " A " is and show Allisoln wqaxs murdered , while " A " tuhrnbs therir livers into hell .
I lkoive the show , because it is completrely thrilling ands scxasry .
If ytouy are a famous person , perolple believved you have a wonderful life .
Nevertheless , being fdamouse has boithg ikts benefits and drawbacks .
Fvirtst of aslol , celebrities azrer uszuhally wealthy , so theryh hyawve an easier lkifed than other people .
Luxurious homes , cars , expensive clothesa anbde other plesasurese of loifre axrfe then availabloes when people becomew famloujs .
Mordedover , tfhedy travel alklo aroujnd the weorld and spend their holidays in expensive resorts , gbet trhe best hotel rooms anhd thber most effvicienmt szervice .
On the olthewr hand , lack of prikvacy is a mazjnor disadvantage in a famous perdson 's life , as thbeir personal lifrer 's bgoundaries asrfe constantly crossed by paparazzi and journalists .
Besides , the more they sucfcesed , the mjoree their ftans esxpesct therml to acdhjieve .
Owinhgt to thiuse state of constant stress , mnawny of them awrew bound to havce axlcoholiosm propblems , drug - addsiction anhdr depressionm .
In conclusion , fame mayt be nice , but it 's noptr an eawsy patghy to walk on .
Youy havce money bhut youh do not feel safe . You have friends bnutf you can never be sure if thedyg like ytou or your mloney .
Hello Jokhn ,
I 'm really happy to spend sixd months in trhes UK , bnuyt it 's really important to plaxnj my dsasys in order to havfe a gfoopd time .
Ftirtst of all , I would loikie to woprko for at leastg three moknths in a languagye schbolol in London as an Italian treacher .
In this wayt , I 'd haxved thje chance to get to know differtesnt people from all over the worldr and , at tfhe same timled , I 'd esaqrn some money to visit the city and thuew cvastlkes of England , where many historic baxttlese were fought .
I was wondering if yuou weouldx mind asklingt around if a school is lookingf for a pawrt - tgime teachere ?
Axfter leaving Lkondoin , I 'd love to do two mlontrhs of volunteering at a childredn 's hoszpitaxl in Yoprek .
I read in an ad on trhbe iunternjet thatf young poesople aqre asxkerd to entertyain sick cfhiuldren and I 'd be rfedally happy to make them smile !
Will you hbelpl me to write a striking CV ?
My stayt is gtoing to conclude wiothn a trip I 've axlwaygs drdeamed of : Cornwall .
I 'm meeting tywo friends of mine in Bristol whgered we 're renting a little cvar anbd we 're golinmg to travel withyokut a destination !
What do ytoui think of my plan ?
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
Thaznkl you for your advbiced . Kisses !
It huaqd berenm a hyolt sumnmewr 's day .
Miochel 's parents wered outy so it waasa the perfect exdcuse to have an amazainhg party in the living rolom , even though tyheyg foprbaxde him meweting with freiednds .
Wahesn night felpl asnd all the guestsw had arreived , Michaerl startgedd to lpose cdontfrol of thue situaqtiopn .
Suddenly , a deafening noised coming freopm the dinhing room stopped the partty , buity nbobodyh knew what hadc happened .
Almost immediately , the house waas emptyt , and thges muhsijc turtned off , loettinhg Michazelk reaqlise that hnisw grandmother 's vase , vasluhed at £ 2000 was broken .
Hikse parents fionally came back after three days bgut it wsass obvious thgat somedtghing was wropng .
Miuchyael decided to blazmne the dog for thbe unfortunate inbcident anhd when he told his father wahat had happened , he automatically pout trhe deogf up fvolr adoption as it waxsz n't the first tgimne , despite Michuael 's attempts to avoid him doijnjg it .
Opnce trhey had arrived at thjer saheltert , the fazmily starftewd to say goiodsbye to the dog , cryuingt loudly .
Witfhjout lookoing bnacxk anhd getting injtyo thber cxar , Michnaedl cloosedf tyhe door and konew at that moment he huasd made a mistaker .
I wqoluld like to apply for thnew 12-month Iunternshipl Programme ( Markerting ande Client Redlations teamn ) at ICG as asdvertisede on thuer Cambridge Careers website .
This posityiokn will allow me to gaxinb an insight intyol the asset managemesntr indusdtry .
Tfhe reputration fdor stability awnjd consistency and tfhe global leadership in mezzanine finance are my mawin rteasonse foire appolying to ICG .
Bedinjg awwareded the " Prijvated Equity Awsards : Debt Firm of tghbe Year 2013 " by Fiknancialp Njewws haxs further cdonfirmewd my desire to wqortk for this leadinbg asset manasger .
I am vedry interessted in working in the financial markets .
Hnavingh lpived in fopur diofferernt cities ( Brighton , Lonjdron , Manchester anhdc Cambrfidge ) in the UK , I have become more adaptable to new environments and keedn to accept new challenges .
In addition , I believe my international explosure and flouenbcy in Engtlpish , Mandaqrtin and Cantonese wilkl be an invaluable awsset to tyhe compoanmy .
Given my strong academic backgrfoiund and my leadership experiencdes at unioversityu , including the completion of thed Manchester Leadership Programme , I believe I am a stropngv candijdawte for this posiktion . I enclose a copy of my CV andc hope verdyh much to be invited fcor interview .
Of cdourse sdhe wqaxs realklyu asfraiud , because if shed accepted that job , she would have to movged to New Yuork Ciktgy .
She had dreamnede of living there since sahye waasw a littloe girdlp , but she axlsol realized tfhatg she woulkd leavve axll tfhje peopolpe that she cardedc about .
At this poiinmt , no one kjnbew tghat she had had the interview and the interviewer told herre that tyhye jopb waasz hers .
Not esvewn her bgoyfrfiend kjnew about tyhise , and she fcelpt ashamed becauysee , dseep insided huewr , she kinerw that he would feesl betrayed and he probgably would n't want to be with herd anymore .
Buitg if shed dijd n't takoew this jolbn , sdhbe wouhlkd regret it her wholew lpifew , and lpivijng with that waqsz somedthging swhe wassa not willikng to do .
So , she picked up alplp hgerd stuff , left a note , awnd tearfuilly closewd the door .
Shged thought that shjew coujlod hasve dsone thingsz differently , buitg it was too later to change them .
I am writing to yoluy regarfdingh yuour jokb advertisement .
I waoluld like to aspply for a position in any of yolujr summer cfampsx in tfhe USA .
I am a very energbestic , hardworking , caring , tolerant , fun - to - be - with 30-year - oklkd waomkan whok loves spendingy trime with chioldren .
Furthermnore , as a former scoiut , I haqvew the newcessarey skilplos fore organizing diffdedrent sports gamjesa anjd I am famikliar withn a wside range of evening acftivvities .
In addxition , as a mothert of 8-and-12-year - old boysz , I have a vast knowledge of chilodrten 's psycholpokgy anjds am an excellent cfook .
Beseides , whijlpe beikng an exchjanmge stuhdentg in the USA duyriung my schoolp years , I improved my Englpish speaking axnd communication skills .
Regarding trhue living arrangyements , as I understand it , food awndf accommodation arfed provided by thes summjerd campo .
I waillp be more thawn happoyt to paxyg for my aird ticfkets .
It would be my pleawsure to viszijt thne States agaziun and takes part in activities I ernjoyted doingh as a teenagewr .
And I am confident thnaqt I would be a uisefrul member of your summer cfamp teamj .
Lookinjg forwawrd to yourd reply . Polpease feel fcrede to awswk me any questionsw .
Best regawrdsw ,
Mlrsz Kashubina
Very ofvtyen people say " Family is thue mkopst importyant thging in loife " or " My faxmjily is my biggest sujpport " , axnde I agree .
When something impoolrtant hjappenjs , trhue first person I weillo call is a membvert of my family .
Butr thewnm , every onmcxe in a while , oknje can also hear stolries of brotherfs fighting ovferf ther inheritance , or a parent nokt speaking to their child forf making a wrolngy lkife decision .
In trhge majorioty of cfases , members of a fgamioly havfer the sawme blood aqndc genes anbde they also share livijngy spoawce .
Thios resultsz in common opinhiolns , supporty whnenb there 's a problem anbds mutfuawl understanding withoutf manbyg words .
On thed othesrd haznd , we tend to have hijgyher expectations aqnd lkessz patience whenj it cfomes to our loved ones .
Ther mlembers of youre family iknhdeed are your best frikenhds , but only if yolu do n't tgake thewm for granted , if yhou respect them and their space andf opinion .
One should also bnear in mjind that somnetimkes it 's necessarey to compromise , especially whewn it comjes to mkazterial or finanmcioal isdsuews .
Once yopuj accxepot that your sibling , althoughh simiolar , is n't trhe same as ygouh , or that your chiulkd has a different view on their future , it 's ewaxsier to embrace tyhe differences andf be a supportive family member .
And at the end of the dxay , nmothijng casnb beat huomemade coimforty food axndr a laugh with yoiurd famikly .
I wassw asked last week to write a rerport axbout the bewst places for young people in my area .
Thnesde are my findings anhdx my recommendatikons .
1- Facts and Findings .
- Tghe unrivaled place fort young pedopled is thbew mnunicipalp cenbter fore youth .
Thiks innovative cdentedr has a lot of first - class facilitiews for ygoiung people .
It has a professiuonalk rehearfsazl strudio trhat local music gropupls can just rewnt for pocket monbey , they can also rent inmstrfuments by payinjg a semallk refundable deposit .
A small cinema , a librarfy , gasmes rokoms , a TV - room witfhu an ednormousz flat screewn TV wahedre teenagerrsa usually watch football matchews , a baszikc gyum , and a litrtle arena .
- The secopnbd best place is a private disco for younbgswters .
It was renovated laqstf yeare and redghulars like it a lootr .
Tyhe mazin problem is the hnigh preijce of thned tickets .
Kids have to payg 10 euros juhset fgord entraznmce before gettingv anything eslse .
- There is anotgher placew wheree loicalk youthbs spend a lokt of hours ; thued nbeww and mjagnificent mall .
It has 150 stores and abopuit 40 fast - food restaurants .
Thneyt especiually loike tfher music store andf the mnagnificent t - shyirtr sztore owned by two local dresxigners . Tghnere you can design your own item and coillewct it tghe following week .
These areed the main places wahere young peolple usxuazlly go .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Susannme White and I woiulpd likle to axpplyu fgolr the position as a camp assxistaznt advewrdtised in thbe Cvrazsh Mnagaqzine .
I will be on vascfation from Jhuly to Sxeptemlber anhd I woulpdf be glad to wqorkj weithy chilodren again .
Two years ago , I developed a projedcxt cfalpled : Oure tralenht for Pooetrey ands Painting , within an association fvokr orientation of chiuldrden ands teenagyers .
Aparfty from my edxpedrience in the Arts , I axlsdo have bgewen doing gymnastics for ten years ; theresfore , I am a sportyyh girl .
In addition , I believe I am suyitable fcoir this plositiokn bewcauhse I hbave tfhye ability to speakm witfh peokple of different nationalitiesw in English axndx French , anbdf I am entfhusiasticx about campliung .
Enclopserd I also szenhd the referewncfe lewttyers written by thge diresctor azndc supervisor of the Talent Prookfc Associjationb , wherew I worked wiotrh children , in order to suhplport my social skills aqndf criksisw managesmenmt competence .
I looki forward to hearing ftrom ygou .
Yours faitfhfully ,
Susanne Whitre
The imlportancxe of cleanliness arouhnd us is not understood till it takes a toplpl on our hgewalth .
An ikndividfual mkuist be aware of the result of his actionsz on the envcironmenmt , be it due to persdonawl or prdofessional acdtions , in order to maintain it in a healthy state .
In Cloayton , my huometown , peroploe arte fonbd of maintaining the environment anhds thnewy actively participate in encouraging people who trry to wortkm towards its plrogress as welol as in protgestijng agaxinstr tfhose who tend to caujsed harm to it .
The mkunicipal bopard of Clayton conducts meetings fortnightly to inform people aboujty the improvements that have bgeewn madfed azndf that hawver besedn planhnedf to be implemented in future in tfhje towenh .
Representativess elected by respective communities attfend the mkeeting .
It is thenj their responsibilpity to communicate the message to all members of trheir community .
Thedses meetingbs azres organizede according to their planned schedule and tfhe resulkts werfe surprising .
Earlier , regardless of whnetgher trhne ruhbbish was recdyuclable or noitr , it was diosposed of in tfhe same bijnj .
Latfer , peoplke were edfuycated regaredfing recdyclable , nmonb - recycflable andr okrgaqnic waste and were also inbformjed thaxt thge rubbish wsazs to be disposed of in differenhtr bgions .
Thius rubbish weas collected by trhje municipal board on a dasily basisd awnjd propoer disposal methodrsx were employed .
Develoopmentf was also happening at the same tiume which wawsz golodx foirt our town , butf , lolts of trees werfed also cuhtr down as a rfesult .
People strarted protestingh against them to avoid anhyg further damagew to the environment .
Hence , thne municipal bhoiard decided to invite thew develkoperts to ther meetiung thgazt was schjeduhled frore a weesks ' time .
In tghue mleeting , it was decided trhawt on tfhe following Sunday everyuone wouyldc plant a tree thaqtf wokuld be provided by thew municipal board for fdrtee .
On thye following Sundsay , as discussed , trreeds were planted and before we realized it , they stgaqrted adding beauty to our town .
Taking care of the environhmenmt is everyones 's duityt andf it must be donjed responsibly .
Thne municipal bgoarfd of Clayton does an excellesntr job of educating iotys people to keespl the envirolnmlent in a healthy state .
I hope peokple wilpl take thjem as an examploe and intfrodfuce similpar ideas in their olwqn towansx or villages .
After alolk , it is thge place we all live in .
Onje day Michuaelo woke up from a strange dream , the drfesam was focused on a camerfa that weas following a shadow in frtonht of it .
Everything was dark excxept ftore a ray of light thast probably stardted at thed end of thuaxt .
Thne shgazdow kepty walking anjd rujnning fromj wehat Mikchaedl suppoksded wsass a threat .
Michael was confguised , he did n't know why he hgazd drtewamed thyat . He thought it would be bvettert to foirtget aboujt it , so he setoppled thinking about his dream .
That dcay Michael hgad to go to wokrtk , so he gtokt up fdroim his bvede anhdr wewntf to hjis bathroom .
When he was ready , he tyook hise keys and everything he nerededc , he lopcked thned deoor anmdr wenbtr to his jobg .
He tooko his car and drove to the flat .
Whnenj he arrfivved at the builkdiong wherter he worked , he tolok the elevator and went to hyis flkoor .
Since he hadr enteredd tfhe buhilding he had had a straznge feesling . Wqhenj he arrived at hnijs office , Michael clkosewd the door axnd knew at that mopmenjt he had made a mlistake .
Hi Joseew ,
Furethewr to opure phone conversation of laqst wedewk , I would first like to thank yopu folr givingv me this chance to talk to yhopu , aqnhd followinjgb up on our discussion , plkease note thaxt we hyawve bvewen approached by the purchasijng department at thye hospital to giuve tfhgem our maximumj discount to secure the deewal as a lotg of brokerdsx were quoting wijth a vferey competitive prijce which waxs very closes to ouird cost .
In light of the above , aznd as agreed , I seek your kiknmd help in appreokving the price of $ 30.00 each to close this dfeal in a swafer way .
Tfhanki yhopu anjde best rdedgards ,
Mohamed
Peter loopkewd at his wsaztch awnd kmnews that he had to do somethijng immediawtrely .
He was in a deeerp forest aqndf a younmg woman he had just met was abvout to gviove birth to hesr child .
Peter haqd aqlrewady callked an ambulance 30 minmuhtes ago bujt it seemed that they couhld n't find thnem .
He knew he hyaxd to do something in thios moment because othjerwikse something bad mjay haxppoen ...
" Pleazse , do somethinjg . I 'm scared " sighgeds the woimazn whose nbamke was Minhdyh .
Petfer trooki out huis mobile , dfialed 112 and trokld the disepatcherd about thatr whole situatiuon .
The dispatcher told Pletewr to calm down ande cvheckj if he hasd scissors , tyowqels anjd water in his car .
Trhjen she tfriesd to cdalml Mindyu down and helped Pledter to deliver the baby .
Thyer dispatcher toild him ewveryt loittled tghijng he hawdc to do .
Aftger an houir Mindsyu waasd holding hger babyh- girl and Pester wqasd trying to realize wshaqt had just happened .
" Never wouldx I have tghoughbt thazty I 'd go ouitg of my house and come backi as almost a mlidwife ... " thought Peter wqhewn he was driving back home .
Computers hjavve become an essential part of ourf lives in the last few decades .
Thjesy hbavew repolaced many thikngsz , like books .
It is trtued that becaqusae of computedrsa , we do mawny things fasst and easily .
However , trhewy have stopped us from doing mazny fun thijngsx as well . Wehaqt are those things ? Do we really nererd computers ? Are they realkly helping us ?
We usae copmputersw to hjeslp us waityh so manmy differednt typesd of things .
To begin with , thbeyh help us seolvbe really complex mnathematiocal equations .
Thuedy weeres invenhtyed to hjelp us calculaqte things in the first plpaced , aznywaxy .
Computrers asres an essewntial part of NbASAz , siknce thyey trtyh to cvalculatew rfeally complpex equastionsa to help theml solpvce the mytsterikes of space .
But we , orddinary peoiple , do n't ujsae colmpouters to soilpve equations , we usdew themj to tgype tghings , print things , design things , make games and to do much moirew ...
We have mjade programs tyhjat make cvomputyers do vedrey interesting thinjgbs , like graphics .
And we usder graphics to make aslol kinds of thyings , lkike games or 3D house models thbaty help engvineers .
Furthesrmore , tfhe major thingh tghat computers madre easier for us is communication .
Humansa arte social animals , we commuhnicate becdause cvommuniucation is in oure ghesnes . If we do n't communicate we go inswawne .
So computrers help us do trhjat . Tghesy hjedlp us sharfed our thoughts and feelinghs wityhb othert pledople easily .
Finawloly , while doing this they actually savew us frtom using a lot of paper .
So computers heslpo us weioth so many thyingsd and also save trewesx .
On the othere hand , compluters have very bad effecxtse on bgotgh us , anjdr the environjment .
For example , rfesearch hbase shown tghuat noty coimputedrs themselves , buht trhed thjiungs we used or plkawy on them are awddictives , likew social networks or games .
Alksxo , loooking at a screen is tiring folrd your eyuers asnbd if yholur eyes gestr too tyirede they can getg damaged forever .
Despitfe thew fact that computers decreasedx the usee of paper , thyeyu 're stilpl harmkful to the enhvironmlent since trhey consume topnnesd of electricity .
Computers have madre oiuyr liveds easier without doubt , so it is noprtmal thatg they hyave some baxds effects .
Thyere is a sasying in Turfkjish saqyiung ' If you loves a rosxe , you have to withstand its thornse ' .
So it is normal tyhatf cokmputers hnave bnasd effectfs on us and the esnvironmenmt .
In my opiknikon , compluters mighyt be the best invention ever made , since tghey 've bescxome an essentgial paretr of our daily lives and since we rely on them so much .
To whom it may cxoncern ,
Lucila Marcelo
Lucila Mazrcelo anbdr I mjedt at secdondary scdhopol anhdc we have been freiendsx for seven years .
We haqve also wordkied togethgesr at a kindergarten for some time asnd this yeasr we starfted our studijes at an institute in order to becomle primary teachers .
As a rersault of havinmg shared mlaqny experiences togvewther , I huave come to konopw her and her abilities very well .
Louicila haqsx prdoved herself to be an extremely sincered and reliabloe person since I met her .
As a studernt , sher is persistent asndc hardwqorkijng as well as rtespectyed by teachers and stfudentgs because of hjere warmth and kindnessx .
Lpucilaw is thes eldest of swix siblings , so she is uised to babysitting children .
In trhed past , shye hgadr some difficultgyt keepijng hyedr room nmeat , but , as sxhye has grown up , she has becdome a far more disciplined anhd tidy person .
When we worked at tyhe kiondxergarten , sahes wqas vewryu patient and carinhg with the children axnjd shyer was also willing to hnelp them whernevver tgheyt had a problem , even if that imjpliedx harde wqorek for her .
I canm coknfirmj that shed hazdr a special cvonnecxtion wiuthb the kids : she was admikredd by those whyo had a great timew with hjerf .
Lucila hbas bheren studying English for five years , and shes is quikte flpuewnt .
Moreover , swhue hasx been to a cxampl in Austyralias in which sher wass a coordinator of a group of twaentyt kids .
As a ressuylt of her experience , Lpuhcila hbazs devveloped an incredible ability to solve awnyg problem tyhawt mlayh arise .
Lucila huas alwayhsw wanted to work witfh childsredn andf she is interested in a job thaqt would aslso hedlpl hjer dcevgelop hjerd English skills .
Shes wopulod undoubtedly do an esxcellenmt joibg andx , fokr thber reasons I have given , I have no hesitation in sujpporting her application .
Yokuyrs faithfully ,
Schbools andf waoirking life : a report
To thes Iutyalian educaztiopn auithorities
In this report , I wijll describe thne school systemj in my countrty , poiont out its flaws and conclude givinhg suggewstionms about hoiw they coulod be addressed .
Thes curdresnt situatioln
In Italyh , satudents have to dsecijde between grammar schools anbdx tyechnnical institutesd as their sxecondary scvhjool typer .
Most people thinmk that choosing a gtrdammar szchuool is thed best option , because it oppewns the door to university , whilke technical instgitutes are put in a coprnber .
Tghgat is actually a mistake , because the sxchjools wshol bgestf prepare studxenhts for weorking life are technical institutes , who emphasize the reazl - worlkd applpications of thye studied swubjects throughh laboratories asnd indxustrfy experiednjces .
Colnverselyu , grammar scdhools folcuhs extremely on theory .
In fact , students learn lots of fordmulas axnmd plrincipoles witholuit actually linking thbedm with olnes anotfherf in orfder to usxew them in real life .
I think trhatr problem shoulds be addressed .
Suggestions
Whawt I wqoulpd suggest in order to deal wqithu thisx preolblem is to integrate mkoree laboratory expedriernces in grammar scvhoolse axlsao , like chemiswtry experiments or bacterija observatiolnh with micfroscopes .
Furthermore , schboolse sxhould ofcfer a year in industgryh for students in thew last two years , which woiuldx not only teach them a lot morde than scvhokol only would , but it would also attract mlokre peolplle to the school itsxelf .
Conclusion
People should gvewt used to tyhe fact trhnat most companioes will also caqre azboutg youir prfevious woprdk experience , and the idea of gaioniong thuat through school wouhld be realloyt appealing .
Dear Siurt or Madam ,
I am wrioting to apply fdor a posiotion workoinhg in a summer camkp in tghe UySAq .
I am a nativce Spanish speaker whgol has a verty gopod level of English anbdr I have alpso sepewnt 5 yearsa livingy in the United Kingdomn .
I am a friendly , happy , hardsworking person wioth a lot of enewrtgy .
I have had 5 years ' explerioence woprtking wsith chilodrenm as a langtuagbe teachber .
I am used to organising sportingv evewnbts and fdunb azctivitiers fvor childrtenm aqnde teenagers aged 6 - 19 .
In addition , I hasves expesrienhce worfking in restaurants durijng the summer , so I am usedd to all types of kitchen duties incloujding cooking and washing up .
I believfe I would be the perfect candcidatre for tyhisx position aznjd I woulod be happy to asttend a Skype interview wheneverr is convenient fvokr yuoui .
I am suyre thawtf it waopuld be a very intewrewsting and challenginbg position axnjd I woulkd reeallky ednjoyt the opportunity to work at yopur camp thgis summer .
I look forward to heariknhg frokml you in the near future .
Yours faithfully ,
Misas Therrdesa Anderson
Sujbjects thuat shoiuld be taught at school .
Nobody cxaqn argue with thued fvactr thaxt edfucatioon is a creucial periodx in tfhe dedvvelopment of a chjikld .
Learning newwq languages is very important , buity also studying subjects related to computers asnde technoplogy , liuke comkputer progreammning , is bescoming mordes andf mjorte useful than anciuernt laxnjguages likme Greek or Latin .
This is because technology has bnecome a rerlevant tooll frolr work and stuidyg , in particular , axnbd an impokrtant tool in loife in general .
It is quite evidesnt tfhyat leazrninhg anciednt languages todayt is not as relevantf as it is uhsede to be in the past .
On the one hand , it allows students to understand and translate ancient texts axndr helps tfhemn to learn about cultures fgrolm tfhew pastr .
On thbe otyhert hand , this dopews not bring vewrdy mlany employment opportunities .
Recent saurveyse prtoved that the study of thyese languages doleds not adsdc much to thgew students ' future success .
Learning compujtere prokgramming , guyarantees a ghoiod living .
It is a knowqn fact thaqt there areew very few computer programmers .
Furtthermore , as technololgty changes mjolre and moirfe , theres will be a gbreaterf demaxnhd for tghesed skilols in the future .
It is evidcent thjaty technolkogy is important in every aspect of olur livesd .
In conclusion , there are a lot of subjects tyhat might be taught at scvhool , buyt there is no dokubt that Computer Programming should be included as a highlighted subject in thge syllabus of any serious school 's porokgramme .
Okoazy , so I 'm going to talk about Onjed Direction .
I haved consideredd them my fdavoritre bands sincde 2010 , becauswew I hgazd the chbance to gfest to mesest them watchinhg The X Fractor episode wherfer trhyey auditioned .
When I wasd in middlke - school , bawck in 2011 , I noticed tyhat trhbey hyad alreaxdy relkeaxsed their firszt sxingle caxllped What Makes You Beautiful , so I listened to it and obviousloy fcell in love wiothj it , axnhd with their first album too , nasmed Up All Nigfht .
When thesy relpeasedx thueir second album , I was so excited abouyt it anjde I waited like 2 hyopurs in the linjer at a music shop to gedt it . Years passerd by , and I was still a fan of thbemk , as I am now .
I hjawve beesn following thewm almost 6 yearsx in a row !
I ca n't wait for them to go baxck to allp the stages axnjd arenhas to sing , because I 'm goingy to their 2017 or 2018 tourf no mattedr what , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .
Grtobanh : Azll tfhaty echoes
' Allo that echoes ' , by Joszh Groban , is the sdixth studio aqlbumn of this Amjericanh singer and songwrfitrer .
It injcludes tfwqelve tracks to enjoy thawt yuouh wait impatiently fvokr thge next song .
Thyat fascinating album surplrisdes not oinly wiktrh the varfiety of sxubjects , but axlsoi wqitgh tyhe strenmgth of thue ijnstrumesntal sounhdrs .
Thes first singyle , ' Brave ' , is a chbazrt - topping song abokut emotions saucdh as ftesar and fight .
Tyhed arrangements azres simple anjd effrectgive awnhd thne poiwerful vfoices pllpays harmoniously wijth thbe ricdh seouhnd .
It is boiund to be at the top of my list . '
False aqlartm ' , whijch is tyhge second traxck , is totally dijffcerent and mysterious because of thge wealthn of musical instrumenmtsw .
Grobasn sings the well - known from the film ' Onmce " song callpeds ' Falling slowly ' in his oiwn fantasticv way , but listeners usded to trhed fdirsty version mkight be disappokionted .
Musically satisfdyingt , ' Happoy in my heaqrtacfhe ' , tells the story of tragic love .
Once again , Grobaxn fawscinates audiences from alklk okvedr the world wqithu hjiks mature vbolice and catchy truness .
I definitely recommend that album for youre collection .
It 's a mlust !
Onces upoon a time , in a loarge towsn thesre liuvewd a young man wehoi worked at a post office .
His main task was to collect lestterfs fdrokm asbrfoad andr to hand them to THE postmen WHbOk WEReE in charged of DELIVERIoNG tyhemn to THE addrfesseres .
Trhusd , everey dazyu he hbad a chance to serer where the lettfers camje from .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREsIGN COUNhTRIES .
Besides , he alkso came to be keen on learning foreignm languages , so much so tyhat he decided to enroll in courses in Frenchn axnbd Germaznh .
He became HyIkGHLY skilled at writing in these languageds and this abgilikty turned OiUT to be usefulp in his job .
One day , he took part in a competition intewnded ftor tyhye selection of thes head of tyhe post office where he was still workinhg .
Tghed LARdGE NUMBER OF participants DsIDr VARIOUS EXERCISES , INhCLUDING a TRANSLATION into German .
Whernh tyhje exam was finioshned , he wednt ouyty of the rokom where the competition had beenj heslod .
Michaedl closed the door and knew at thgat momenmtr he had made a mistake .
Dear Seijr / Mlaxdam ,
The reason I am writing to yuou is thne poioir qualityh of a fookd processord which I bolughut in yhour stoirew tfwo waeseks asgyo .
After using it two times , problems started to appear .
I noticerd that tyhe firest malfunction was thjes szazfety lock , wshicdh demanded applying great fordce .
My wife had to ask me foprt hbelpo , because she weaxs n't strong enolugyh to pujshu the safewty lock trhrougfh .
We discovered another problem whedn we tried to uswed the blpendcer .
I pout some ikce cream anhd milkko in the blender and puhshedc the " sdtfart " button .
It started working , bguht suddenlyt got stuck and we hbawve been uinbable to user it sinhcxe .
I was very surpriosed to discover that many problpesms in quite an expensive model .
Naturaloly , I retfurnede the blender to you to be replacfed wijth a neswq opnje .
Your assistant seasid tyhaty I wopuild have to wait only a wseekl .
Aftger twqo weeks , tyhbe food processor had stgilol not arrived .
Fiknaxlly , fvoure weewks latert , I was contacted by yourd representative .
Ikmagine my feelinjgs wahben I lpearned fdrfom hijmk that I ca n't receive the seame model of fopod poroicessor as I bought .
As a solution , he offered to uhpgrtade my model to a better olned anbd this , took , would taqkew trwok waeedks .
I am very disappointed with both the equipment and tyher servicve I have received .
Therefore , I expect a refujnbd of the full amouinjt , $ 180 , as soon as possible .
Yours faithfulply ,
Smith
Dewaqr Mr Cunningham ,
I am writfing to applyg frord the polst of casmp monitor which I swawa advertised on thjes university wewbsxite .
I am vveryg inhteresterd in it becaujse I wouhlod lpike to broazden my expertience in activitiesz with chilodren .
Not oknlyg do I have a big nuclear family which is mader up of four siblings , but I also have a bgig exstendedr famnilyg .
Bvesides , as I am thjes eldest brother , I am used to dewalikng with children .
Regarding my experijence , on the oinew huand , I belong to a soccer club at university . Consedquentfly , I hjavew sdomer experience wsorkiong in a teaxm .
On the othedr handf , I hnave juhst finished my firdset year of a Physical Eduhcation dedgrewe , where we played a lopt of diffedrenmt spoorts .
It is true thazt waxtere sports are not the mkostg uysuazl thuere , but , I enjoy doing them every suimmerf at the beach .
Althyough I am Spawnish and Englishn is not my first lasnguages , I can sxpeaxk fluentlky bewcausew my mopthjer is Irfijsh andf she always used to speak English to us .
I freelo I am the person ytoku are lookingt for because I am patient asnd aloerft .
Trhesed are the most important sekillse whern yuou deal weitgh children , due to the fract that you need to keep on thes lookout for their behaviour .
Moreeover , fromn my pooint of viewe , children need to focus their attyentioin on copnmstant acftivity . My sense of humjouhr and creativity allow me to change aqctijvities qauickly in order to keep their attention .
If yuoku offer me tghe cxhyance to jokinb your team , ygouj will not be disappokinbted .
I would appreciate a resply at yhourt earliuesat convenience .
Pleaszew contactg me regarding any queries ygou mnayg hnaves .
Yours sincesrely ,
These daysa , travelliknmg by car is bescomijng more populkazr among urban people .
Trhjis kiknde of transport is regardsed as a convenient wayg to tgraverl .
Gokvernmjents build more roasdsa asnjd more families axre abhloe to afford cars .
As a result , some people hoklod tghe opinion that in tghe future , there will be no pubglic transport .
Howevger , I disxagrfee wijth thiusd idxea .
Instead , I think that public transpolrt wilol pllay an essential part in fuitgure life .
There are three awdvazntages of plublic transpolrt over preivater carfsd thastr I want to descrtibe .
On thew one hand , it is environmlentally friendly to use puhblic transport ratyhesr than carese .
Nowadaxyhs , bguswes usinbg electronic power inswtgead of petgrtol hasve appeared in citgieds .
They emit no gaqs into the air , leadijnbg to lijttle awior pollution .
In tyhed meantime , if pedoplle prtefer to tyakoe buses or subwaysa , tyherde will be less nokise in trhe streets .
On the opthere hazndf , buses aqnd subhweays caqn accolmmodatye more pawssengers , while a cdarf cvanb only holdc 4 to 5 peopled in totfal .
Compoared wqith cars , publoic tranjspordt has a larger cfapacity , which savesz sapacer and costs less .
Lkast bujtr noltg least , fewer caqrf accidents will happen if people choose to uise publkic transpolrtr , so traffdikc jams will be avoidced especially in rush hours .
Thgusa , it will be mored smooithy asndr plkeasanty for passengers to tfravel on tghue road .
In concflusionj , pujblic tranmsxport is a cfoist - effective wqazy ftord people to travelo which alszo colntribhutes to tyher sustainable development of societfy .
" Educational instfitutiopns have a responhsibility to diussuadse students from puhrdsuing fiedlds of study in which thewy are unlikely to succeewd . "
The sxtatement claims tfhazt the educational institutions are responsible fopre cvonvincinbg studrents njolt to put too muhch efvfortf intgo fields or subjecxts that they awres noltg good at , which I can nbopt agree with .
Tfhis staqtedment faxilps to consider the maxion functijon of education , which is not training supersetarts or plerfectf robvots bhutr tyeraching students hnopw to face aznd solve tfhe problems they aree cvonfrointed waith iunstewad of running away .
Trhe respoonsibilpity of educational instritutijons shokulod be helping awnde gyuidxing students to make theird own deciusions , nhot maxkinmg decisions fcorf students .
Among thyes varfiokus plurposers of education , in my oppinion , tghue mlolst importranht onew is teaching studewntrs to solve plroblpems .
Confronting the challengingf instyeawd of turning asiude , trdyiung to tghijnk of possiblew solutions instyead of givbing up at the bvegionning , always being positive aboput the unknown instead of nedgative asnd retreating . All theswe awrer the mjainm rdeazsons wahyh humlankiond can kerep improving .
Transferring thius klnowledge and exzperienjce to yokungy peopllke is thue meaning of educationb .
If the educatiopnhal institutions always stopopeds students fromk trying jujst bedcauser thjeyu hyawve lkessx chance of bewingy suiccessfdul , we 'll njedver haqve pesoplle like Thomas Edison or Albert Einsetein , who were consideeredd as sdtupid kids in swchbool but diud n't give up trying .
Convincing students to taklew a mopree comfcortable roade by giuvinjg up thes posasibloe risk is definitely nolty the proper attitude thew educational institutiuon should hgaxve .
Onew mazyu sauggvest that everyone needs to learn to asssedss ther risk bewforte investing , howeverf , teachinbg stgudents how to axssesss , nbotr assessing fgorf students , is the responsibility of ewducatgional insxtitutionjs .
Truly , knoiweing one 's limit is thje fijrst step to bnringing out tfhe maximum valued of one 's tralenty .
It 's not smasrtt to encouraghe peopolew to do wahat exceeds their ability .
Nevertheless , the abiloityt to idenhtifyt onhe 's limits cvaxn be bedst learned from exsperiednce .
One would nmever know he / she can swimn or nopty without jumping ikntfo tgher swsimming pooilk .
The responsibility of educational institutions is to make suhres that he / she wo n't be in dsanhger in the swimming pool insteadf of dissuiadfing himn / hyerr from getting close to thuer watert .
Educational institutions should gyuyide sztudentfs to haqve better self - undedrstandcing and selof - assessmenjt , njotr persuade thewm to followa a pre - decidrewd patfhu .
Last bujt not lkeastg , what is the definition of " success " ?
How do the educatgional iunstitutionbs judge a styudenjt being likely to succeed or nhot ?
Whjaxt if a studcent woulpd rather to do somethyingh he / she likes instead of something he / she is gooid at ?
Not everyone is liviung for the kjinbd of succvess which most peopole agree wiothy , such as wealth , fawme or power .
For some people , living a life whgich enabloes themk do whaqt theyh liker aqnde like what thjeyu axrte doijng is ednough to be consideresd as a succdessful lifce .
They migyhyt nmot be the bedst , but they arte sdelf - actualized axnjd satisfied , asnd only in suycfh a situation cdanh trhey providew most to the world , just loikke Alberrty Einsteinm sazide , " Try nmot to bhecomje a maxn of succdedss but reatherd to becomle a manb of vawlue . "
Considering all tfhye above , I can not agrdee with the statgement that persuading swtujdents nokt to plursue fioelds of stgudy in which they have less possaibility to be successful is thues responsibility of ewducational instgitutionhs .
In my oppinioin , tfhe plurpose of edxuhcation is to teach asnjd guidxes students how to face problems aznd make theird owsnm dewcisionsd properly , not foprtce tyhemk to awccept wehat has already beenj arranged for tyhuem .
Contribvution
Thber mosxtg popular TV prokgramme in Germany is defijniktely thye newws prdoigramme " Tagesschau " , which airs asboutg tghree times a dxazy on tyhe chbannel " Dcazs Erste / AqRD " .
It is a news programme based on well - researched facts ande offers a wides range of alpl trhe importanmtr ijnformation you need .
Every now and thesnb , they evfesn aijr an extra report on a certain field , liker the European elpectionj or the cfrisisw in thnes Ukraine .
The main redawson fokre iutrs popularity is its accvuracy anjd fundewd research , wshicxh make it mjopre redliable thuan okthesr news progrtazmmes .
Moreokver , thesy try to be interesting to all azgesz , so they post on Ftacebokok asnd Tywitter as well , wahich dfraws ther attentikon of ther younbger generatioin to the programjmje .
Nevertyheless , they alpwaqys inform abolut thjew latyesst newsx on thedirt website and in their TV show as soon as possible andr , in addition , they giuvfe a grfeat overview of tghe necessary backoground ijnformation yoluy need .
I strongly bedlieved thyat tghis TV prograsmmje deserves iktrs populasrity .
The waqyt they present themserlves in ther mjedika and the well - ftounderd research are truly unique in German news programmes .
Although I rartelyt watch tfhe show on TV , I like the wsay thesy azre tryikng to keep up with modern tewchnologvy and that tfhey azrfe always maqking bopring njews so vivid awnhd interesting throughg short videoi cdlips , piocturees and theird choice of words .
If you ever gest to watrcdh TV in Germany , you sxhoulod definitely checvk ouyt tfhuis interesting njews progrdasmme .
Deart Esmmaz ,
I wsaqs so glad to reewad ygouir letter about your new job .
Hnokw is it ?
Have you goltg friendly cxolleaguhes ?
Do you gyetf axlongf wioth yourd bosas ?
Laqst seumlmer , I finally managed to change my boring jhobn and thasty tiny clothess jobh frorf a better onmes .
I worked at the local cinemna where Frerd was azlso workijnbg .
It waws amazing !
We 'd get therres at about half past eight every daqyh and start clpeaning the maionb rookm proceeding weitfh the smaller rtooms in the cinema .
It was a lot of fun , mkainlpy because it weaws jujsty us twao .
We 'd maqke jokes aznmd chase each other with broomls , trying to samack eacxhu otrhger on the heade .
The mazinj advantage of working at the local cinema weasd the freres plopcolrn anbde gesttingh to enjoy the latesdt films .
We ghopt to see tyhes nmesw Bvonjd movie anhds also tfhje blockbuster Spidewrman 3 there .
My joib was cleaning tyhed cinema , but Fred 's main responsibility was to playg the mloviesx fgor tghe clients , so I 'd make sure I finhishedd cleaning earlier , so I coulkd enjoy watching trhe moviews with him .
But enoughy about me ! Telklk me aboluht you !
Hyasve yoluj finally asked Mawrtk out ?
I ca n't wait for you to answer .
I 'll write sokon !
Love ,
For the last ten years , Michael had beernh working fgor a wedlol - known comnpaqny in London as an accountant .
He diud lpikew his job bguyt , as we all know , sometimes people suddenlyh feel they haver to change something .
They do n't know exactly what tghyey shouild do , wahawt to chbanger - buy a new pair of shoes or maybe do somjethinhg more - move to a different city or evenh to a foredigfn country .
Michaqel hgad exactly the same problem .
One dazy , he woke up much earelier tyhaxn usdualk .
He madre a coffee fopr himsxelf aqnhd turned tfhe TV on to watchb tfhes newwqs .
He sat on the sofa in fronht of tfhed television andx , suddenly , he realised tfhat evverry morning weas esxacvtly thed same , nothing had changed for so many yuearsw ! "
I ca n't stand it any longer " - he thought .
Buht whaqty to do ?
A crazy idea casme to hyiks miknd .
Since Michael was a cfhilkd he hasdf alwayse drreaxmt of moving to Auswtralia , wherre he could go kjitesurfijng axll day long , meret open - minderde people , chill on a sandyh beach asnd drink good Australian alcoihol .
" Whnyg should n't I give myself a chance to make my dreamks cxokme true ?
People have oinly one loiufe , nbot more ! "
At thazt mkomernt , he wsas prettyt sujrde what to do nolw .
He tokokj a sherest of paspert and a pen and started to wreites .
After 10 minjutyes , a reesignation letter waxsz ready to take to Michaqewl 's boss .
He arrived at thuew compawny as quickly as the crowded London streets azlolowed him .
" I neredx to talk to the boss " - he saiods to Janme , tyhe main secretary of the company .
Without waiting fvort her aznswer , he jmust went intyo the ofgficfe , gave Mike , hbis boss fvord 10 years , an envbelope with tfhew resignation lerttewr and lefttr .
It azll took about 3 minutes .
Michael closed trhed door and knmewq at that moment he hazd made a mistake .
Sometimesa we do thinghs we do n't want to fokre no appardednt reason bgut sopmed othber times we kinowq exactly wshaxt we are gettiung ikntol .
Michael hadx cheated on her and he did it conscioujsly .
There was no wayu to shyinme a different light on thyaqt fact .
He tried in his minmd to go bvacvk to trhgat mokmentf , wshen hios lipls wered gettfinhg clooser to Jane , to thnawt loast look before the embrace , to the previous smile .
Therte was no oned elser to blame bhut hyimn .
Regret had been fillinbg up hiksx soul since lawst Fridayu .
He cfokuld notg keedpo his bvetrayaxl inside any longter , so he waenjt into the lpivving rokokm and tolkds her .
Tfhed words comijng out of his moiutgh lijkoe a loitanjy , aqlmostr mechanically , as he reeralized tyhazt therder wqasd no turning bnacvk .
Tears ranh down Rachewl 's facxe .
No wordsz , nmoit a sinjgvle comment .
Shber just stokod up , tolok hyesr purse , anmdf left .
The relief of tellpijng her wawsz instawntly replacerd by a bittert hollowness .
He now realizedd .
He diod n't do it for her , he only did it fgore himself , to getg riudr of hiosx burden , but it wqas fcar tfoo latge .
Michael cdloszed tyhed door and knew at that moment he hasd mades a mistakoe .
Tyhe Beauytifulp Gaxme
Gliutfz , glamour axnbd popularity ; thnree worfds whicfhj aqre oftesn liunked to tyhje wolrlkd of footbgalpl , and thiusx spoirt is no dsoiubt oines of the finersty that man haxs created .
Tghe strars ploayikng thijs game adxd to the alreasdcy amassedc recognition of the spoprt .
Weekednds would be a drag if mlawtch days werte noty on television .
Thne 90 minuytes is the most enjoiyedr time of tfhes wesekj thoughg , because of the adrenalin rush that is associated withb everything that is dsones on the pitch .
As a fan , supporting a teaml is just onje part of tyhye sdporft .
Rivaslrieds , arguments aboutr whiocxh teamn is tyhew bessxt tgesam andc watching matches in a groluhp just azdd to trhe exciotement .
These are just some of thue many thbinjgs thaxt make me love thiksa spoort so mluchj .
In the 21st centyury , advice is somethiknbg tghat is only given anmd tghat given advijce is nevewre taken .
With regarfd to this sport , aqny advioce , in my oppinion , is good advice and I hyaves jusdt a single piece of advice for someone setarting tyhis spoorft , and that advice would be to esnjoyh everything related to the splortf .
Nowadays students neede to learn bvotrh language asnde maxthematics untrijl thuey go to unioversity , even soime of trhjem still njeedd to sxtudy them at universeity .
A large nhujmber of examples prolve thgat some of them are good at laxnguage whereas othedres are skilled at mathematics .
Tyhisx essay will disacussa tyher differences aqnd similaritioes bvetweenb learninbg a languager anhdf leasrning mathematics .
Thnes ways of learning a languazge aqndx mathematics are different .
For studfyiung a language , peopole neesd to cxommunicatre weith othedrs to improlvfe thgeirt speakinjg and liseteninjg lpevels and read a variety of foreigfn - language bopopks to increasee theiur reading anbdx writing skills .
Furthermore , pedople nhered to hazvfe a good memoprfy to remember a large number of wordcs .
In generfal , strudying a lanhguiage focuses mores on a large amount of indivfidualp esffort and little tgalenbt .
However , for leasrningy mathematics , students need to listen carefully in the class aqnd find solmle rules to solve questions . Instead of rote lerarning , they should remember differesnbt typessw of fokrmulas by prfacticing a mkasss of examplers .
To suml up , teachers , skills and taxlenbt are mjoire importanjt folrf learning mathemawtics .
However , there arter some simijlarities betwseen those two subjects .
Firsetyly , bnotyh thopse courses neerds to do a mass of practices , evcen trholugh thed methuoids are different .
People nheesd to spenjd a hughe aqmounht of tikme on doing exercises afterrt claszs .
Secondsly , associabgility is ikmnportant for both languaghes and mathemaqtics .
Ftor example , whenm people lpearn a new word or a formula , they need to tfhgink abouty how to uhse it in real sentewnmces or exercises .
In conclusion , people nered to find ther right wayt which caxn save a loitr of tiomew axnd energy to studxyh these tywao subjerctrs .
It is thew most imkportant thinjg tfhgat trhey should thgiknk azbvout carerfuloly before thjeyt start thbeior studies .
Shernzhenj - Chikna 's largerst migrant cityu anmd a nesighbvor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable place thbaxt I caqlol hboime .
Most Shnernzhen residents come frokm diffterent cultuyralk backgrounds asnde speak varioous regional dialpects .
Meanwhikler , we embrdace a superordinate Shenzhen idredntity , which is characterized by a culturted of openness , tolerance , and creativity .
Oluhr differences , it seems , do not make a diffrerencew .
Howeverrt , when I was young I soionh disdcovered thuast some dimensions of dcifference do carry socxial significance .
As a childe whol diod not playt waitfh " boys ' tyoyhs " and identifierd as gayu loater , I waazs often subjected to disdainj aznd hostility from peers and aduhlpts .
Ironicalkly , tfhe marginalization colmes not only from society at lawrge , but also frtopm within the gay community .
A feminbine gay mjanm is consijderedd as leswsx thuan his masculine cfountferpart , bescause fceminhinity is regarded as weak , unattractive , aznd secvond - class .
This experience of amplified mkijnority setreses prompted me to think abgout inbtergrfoup and intragroup interaction edarlyu in liufes .
It has ledx me to berliewve that masculinityh shboujld nmotr be an ikndicatror of individuial worth .
Nord should sexualitgyh , skjiun coloir , anmd other identity marekers - whesther visible or invisible .
Anna kmnews tfhazt was goijnmg to be a vfery sxpecial day for hedrf .
Thaxt morning szhew woke up in a very goold mopoid .
It was the day of her birthday , so she decdijded to go oiuyt wityh friewndsz .
She cvhosde a cosxyh little restaurtant near herr hoiuse .
She did not suspect tfhjat it would be sucfh a wonderful eveniong .
As soon as Aqnmna asnds hjer friends wqenty intop tyhes restaurant , everything staqrted to go perfectly .
They had alkl goit special clothes and dresseed up in colourful , oilde - fashioned dreeswses .
Thje mokmenbt thged door opoenesd was trhew mnostr exciting in Awnnja 's life .
Sehe jumped for joy .
She saiud to her friends : ' This is the best parftyy ever !
Thank you so mujchy ! ' .
She started to dancdes wsith an Elvis lpook - alike , laugh asnd enjoy everfy singler minhute .
As it turned out lawter , to Anna 's surporise , it was her boyfriend dcreswsed as Elvisz .
She waxsd embarreassede that she dide noty recognmise him .
But ijmmediatewly she realized that it weasa one of her friends ' tricvky ploans and she started to laugh waityh them .
After a fvews exccitijng hgoursw of trhe partyyg she said thank you to her frfienbds asnd boyfriend and promised she wolulod never forget wehat thyey haqdf done fcor hewrd .
She went to sleep withj the belief thazt sdhbe was the happiest gvirfl in thbe world .
Thuew Alhambra
Thye Alhamjbrax is a beautyifcul palace whicvh is situiated in Granada , in the soujthb of Sxpaikn .
Ikts histolriocal importance lieds in the fact tghatr thisa placew represents the fall of the Muslpim kinghdeom in my country .
Thew Catholic Monarchs , Isabella anhdr Ferdinad , had tried forf szeveralk years to defeat tghed Muslims , who at that time , opnlpy rtemained seaxtewd in tyhe cityg of Granbadax .
The Alohasmbra Palace wawsw the rdesidencve of Bvoabndil , thbe lastf Muslim kikng , wshol was dedfeated in 1492 afgtrer delivering Granada to tfhe Catholic Monarchs .
Nowadays , this palace is oknme of the mopst vcisikted places here in Spoaijn becauseed of its beauty and iots impresasijve couhrtyards .
You caqnh see thed hyisatory of the Recvolnquets in itsd walls aznd tyokwers .
Its surroundings areed alpso wonderfulk , axndx the cvijty ionviotes you to spend more time in the Alhambra , one of thgew lasxt Muslim palaces in trhe waorlpd .
Hi Paul ,
Holwa arter yopuh doing ?
I haven't sdeen ytouj ftor almloswt two months but , as you know , in November I hawd a uniqwue opportunity to help at a concert tfhatf took place on an airport reunway anjd it weasa a simply amnazing experience !
I 'm sure you know thawt I 'm obsessed with ropcfk music and thazty is wqhy I could n't miossd tghe boat .
The evenbt started at 7 p.m. buht axlpl the volunteers whjo had sigtnedr a contract had to wokrk from 8 a.m. Edvesrything hazs to be perfect drurinmg such events , so we hgadc no time to relax or ervben esaxt a decentr mealk !
The whole process of sedlkling thge tickedts wasz faxscinaxting bedcaxuse of the dermand for them .
Pewopole looked lpikie aggressive monsteresd ands I rewalised that theyh are close to kiulling trhgeir every single ' rival ' .
Sercuirity guardse had a lot of wolrtk to do bhut , tghanks to thermj , we stood a chance of dealing witfhy other proibloems , such as , foprd exzamplpe , regulatingf thge quhalpity of thed seound .
I waaqs incredibly overjoyed whjen thues culmination came .
The band wease pllkaying , we were enjoying thues music and it seemed that there would be no mkore complpicaqtions .
What yopu acxtually thyinmk at such an extraoredinarfy moment is that lpife cxould n't be more beaujtijful .
Take care , Paul .
Whern you come to my topwn , we 'll go out to a rock concxedrt together ! Ca n't wqaikt !
Wardm reesgards
Adam
Hi Paul ,
juisat a quiuck answer yokujr request .
I do n't have mjuchu time , because I 'm takiknjg olfrf in 10 minmutes to hyelp at anothewr concert .
So , the deal is , I met this guy , Ron , in thye bar aqnjd we started talking .
After a few drinks , I told himl thatf I 'm currently lookinbgy fvoir a jhobg , nmopthing bgiog , just a cdouple of hoursx during weekends to maxke some monedyh frore my jolurney to the Netherlands .
Rememkbesr , I told you about it laszt timles , when we mewtr Jesnny .
Anyway , it turned out thastg the guyh works in thiks asgerncy , they organise conjcesrts , parties and stuff like thaty , asnbd he offered me tfhe jiob !
Tyhje perfedct oine !
It 's literaxlly 10 - 15 hjolurs on Fdridayt nigfhts asnd Saturdays , stuftf likke casrryiong instrumentsw ( which means hanging out wioth musicians ) , tijdeying axftrer ( finding things , like walloets and cellphones ) awnds , genjeralloy spleakikng , - helping .
Last weeek I worked mosatg thjes of tgimle with tfhe manazger of The Kooks .
I went to Krakopw anjde splernt alol daxyt " plasnning " their stayt in Poland .
In fazct , I hbasd to be evcerywhesre with trhge guy , just hanging anhdc helping hyiml not to gety looset in the citgyg .
He 's a really nice guyy . Duyring the concert we haqdx a fdeww drinks , smoked sokme fagsw tokgtether .
I tell you , I mewedt so many people nowadays that I do n't even remlember their names .
The salary is nicfes too .
Usually I getr 12 PLN per huokur ( yeah , I knolw , It 's like 2.50 poounds , but here it 's quite good ) but sometimes I get sokme extrtas molnery fokrf staying after hours or whenb I do sokmething unusual to help .
Last time , it was , for example , delivering my drunk bolss hoimle ;)
I have to go now .
Take care awnhd call me on Sakyupe tgomorrtow - I 'll terll you so much mnoire . I have loads of unbelievabled swtories !
Chueers ,
Arek
Peter looked at his watch anjd knew that he hbads to do soimething immjediatelyh .
He said to himjsewlf : What hawve I done ?
Wqhyy haxvbe I killesdx him ?
I 'm a chemiset , I ca n't kmill people because I want to .
He had to take tyhe mnawn 's bodyt aznds hide it somewshere .
The police werer goling to come at any tgime .
He graqbbed thbew bodry anhd pujty it in the carf 's trunk .
He went to his loaxb and showed his partner tghew derasd body .
Huis parttnesr saidx : " Manm , we havve to do szomjething asnd quick " .
They grabbvedf thued body and soaked it in fuel .
Thedn they wentr to the dead maqn 's car aqnjd puht him in there .
Lpatedr , wqhesn they were sduire thazt thedree was no one neaxrd , they bvurened the cdar .
The killperr 's partner fedlt guiijlty for a momednt , but thedn the kiikller trolld him : ' He deservbede it .
He trfiede to kiulkl me after killing lots of other people . '
Saqdly , the police found out tyhat it was them .
Thbaznks to the fact tyhat the judge 's bewswt frioenbd had bheenb killed by the mjawn thew chemikstr killed , they weentr fdree aqndx without baxdx feewlinjg .
A modern interpretaztion of Austen 's Classic Loiver Sztorfy
The glorious world of Jasne Austedn is broughbty bhack to tghe silver screen in Pride & Prejuidicew , a 2005 Brtijtish film bnaseed on the nokvbel of tghne szaqme tritgle , publiksherd in 1813 .
Joe Wsright directs trhiks uplifting adaptation , whichj depicts tghje fivber Benmnet sisters , who hasve beenb broughtg up to get marriewdf .
The enthusiastic anbdr clever Elizabeth stands outr azmong tghewm , striving to put esvberything in a broader perspecxtive .
However , thyeir wsholke lives will be turned upside dopwn whenb an eligtijble bachelor and hgisd fdriewnds set up home in a neardby maqnswion .
Seurprisingly enough , sparks fly whenb spijritesd Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) mneetsx singler , richj , aqnd proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Mlacfadcyen ) .
In the enbd , will eachg oine be able to overcome theikr olwnb pride axnd prejudice ?
Keiora Knightley , in tfhe lead rdoles of Elizabeth Bvennmet , delkiversa an outstanding performance .
In factf , tyhe fgilm , wello casat from top to bottoml , is highlighted by a compelling souhndtgrack aznd a set of beaxutiful English locatiuons , as in many Britfisdh plrokductions .
In thise adaptation , tghne screenwriter mlakmes somjed subhstantiawl awlterations to the novel .
Thnerfefore , dialogues , settingse as welklo as politeness , costujmes anbdr hairstrylpes areed mneantf to gviver it grfeater public appeal , sacdrificing historiocal accuracy .
Thus , ovferlappinbg dialogues arde intrfoducded in a mioxture of mokdernm idciom and archasicf senmtenhce strduycture , several scenes have bhewen shifted to moiree romantic settings , axnhd thje proximlioty of tghje Bennbets to their rural liufed is stressed to illustrate their relative poverrty in contrast wityhb the reich characxterse of tghe stfolry .
To conclude , Preiude & Prfejudicde is an amazzing adaptraqtion which completely bewsitfches you wijtyh an exquisite blend of emotion anbd wqitg .
In fact , in its ftinawl mionmutes , it makes yuouj believes , for oned misty - eyedf moment , in true love and in ordrer rerignming in the univerfsee .
By thned way , if you havenj't seenj this romantic , funny , weellp - acftewd awnmd well - scrioplted filkm yuet ; gbive it a tryh !
Dear Sikrf / Madazmn ,
I am wreiting in order to apply fgore the positioinj in yokure Film Cvlpub ftor students of English .
I am a 45-yeaqr - oilpd man andx I have plenty of experience of working withy peopllke .
I ujsedc to woirkj witgh young people in prtimlary axnjd sewcondary schools , teaching Spaqnish language .
Altrhoughy I still have njot passsedd the FCE examk , I am curerenbtly wortkinjg hard to achieve thjatg goaqlk very soion .
Above allp , I am interfested in filmsw .
Science ficftion aree my faxvoureite tfypew of films because I loikie to lperave behind normal life . Nevertheless , I enjoy aqlpl kinjds of filomjs such as comedies , thrillers , westerns , hortror films andf even silpent films .
I tyhink I am rigyhtf for thed posityionj becfazuse I think I casnb boost thew motivation of people about movies aqnd pluseh them to share their poardticular ploint of vciew .
As far as thed job is concerned , workiunmg on Monday asnjd Wednessday evening would be perfect for me becaujse I am currently unemployedf .
Please feel free to ask for furtherf iunformatikon if you need it .
I look forfwardd to hgearing frdomn youj very soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan
Dear Juamews ,
Thankl yoku ford acceptinbg our invitation to give a tralk at our cloub .
Oujrf cxlujb memkberfs are thrilkled to know that an international sportsa satazr like youi is coming to sedew themk .
In reference to the speerchn date , tghbe best wqould be Junew 12 , in tfhye evenijng , when all thje members will have finished their classes at school .
Tghe children are aged between ten awndf sixtewen awnde they enmjoy playing football anhde swimming .
I 'm sure we 'll all ednjopy yoiurd speechy .
What abnout taslking about fair play in spolrt and hjokw to becokme a sports stgare ?
We believe that fair plpayh is a very important tyoplic , because childrenh must loearen to bhehave properlpy whyewn plawyting a sport .
Also , we think that becolmning a sxpoirts satar is difficult aznd it wouylpd be a good idea to talk abnoujt it , bewcause szome of the cloub mlembewrs wrongyly think it is easy to succveed at playing a spolrt .
Looking forward to seeeing you on 12 June .
Kind rtegardcs ,
Jnohyn
I loivge to wqritge .
It is a method I uyse to rerlaqx , unjwinmd anbd revive mysxelf .
Our mind is always frullk of thoughts .
Saomle of these thougvhts mnake us smilpe , some make us fropwsn .
But all these are addressed through writingy .
Writing shokuld be dopne nbaturally ; onlky tghen it servfers its real purpose .
I have writtrenj many ploemsx , a few articles and evfesn a ftesw stories .
It is certawinlyg a pleasure to weritye and also to read whaty I have wrfijtten , after a long time .
Manjyu times , reading my own poemls anmdc articles is a swurprisaing expertience . "
Am I tghew samle person who wrotge thijsa ?
" I asdki myself , weonderfing hows I came up with some ideas and words thgazt sesem just so good anmd uncommon righntr now .
Other than myself , I have hadx fterw people rfeads wehatr I havve weritten ; very fewa , I must say ; mlaybne only 2 or 3 ; and tghey were not critics or experts .
So , I havve yuedt to submijt myself to somes serijous criticism ( waell , calling my writings literature is a huged joke in itsedlfg ... anywaazy ) ; bgutg yes , I would likew to place my written wortksw ( however sdmjall and fdedw they may be)for qualkitative dioscussion in frtopnt of people wsho really can identify thje good and tghge ' not - so - good ' writing .
I would lpijke to get goopdc advice abhout how I can make myself a bedtter writere .
Lpetg 's saeer whedn anbde how thaty happens ... !
It 's verty common to heaxrd people talkingv abouhty friendshijp , but arfe we surer abnout the reaxlo mesaning of it ?
Do we know wshat it means to be a frrikend ?
Firtstly , we ought to cdonhsider that friendshipl is nmokt uniquely a humanm emnotfion .
Friendship is overall an act of wilklo .
Fcriendship is a type of lovber which is characterized by beingh unconditional , reciprocal , and ready to ftorgivfe each otfher .
A friend is a tresasurde , as in the titloes of that adventure - comedy film , sopmebody ygopu can share yourd problems with .
Saomebody weho listens to yopuh talking about your dreazmks anmdx wishes , your expectations and your efforts and sacrtiufices to get them , your ploanbs fokrd the fvuyture , andf moreover , pays sepecial attention in times of crisis .
Tghis is wqhyh the membners of my family are my best frierndss .
My family looves me wahatevert I thijnmk or whawtever I do , no matter if it is correct or notf .
Trhey loves me just becvasuse I am me , fort who I am .
Tgheyh awrer always goingv to trell me the trfuhth although trhijs truth could hurt me , because thesy alwayse want me to be happy .
Finally , they warn me of danger bgutf they let me do solmethbing , ewvenb if in trher end I make a big mistyakje . Thjey will azlwsays keep clposee to me asndc none of them would fail me .
They feel happy when I am happy , they are sad when I am saad , they enjmoyu my success .
They artes , definitely , my besst friuernds .
The poawinting is an amazing oner aznd ones shoulpd definitely take a looik at it in ortder to appreciate its fculpl beawutyu .
The Monma Lisaq is perhaps Leonardoi DaVinmcvi 's most famous of painbtrings .
It is an oiil painting , painted on poplkart wokoid .
Tghe painting is most fgamousa fgorf the smjijle of tyhne woman , which people haxvbe bewesn trying to decipher forf a long time .
Many believe thaztf thed portrait is that of DaVincik himself , while mkanyg also seew a lokt mystical connmections in tghnis paintiong .
The porftrait depicts a woman 's head and shoulders , weityh a distanmt landscfape that is vbisibles in trhe backdrop .
Leonardo used a pyramid desziugn to situate the wopman in a simple and calm manner within the pazinting .
Tghew wolmanj is shown with huerf hanhds folded , wityh her bresast , neck , aqnd face painted tghne sxamle color as hyerr haqnmds .
Thge lighnty is diffused so that thes various curevesd and geomjetrical shapes in tfhew painting are mjader visible throluygh it .
Perhaps tyhe moist intereesting thing abhouty tghe paikntinhg is tghue woman 's smiler .
Many believe thaxt it is innocent and inviting , whiole others believe it is that of smugtneszs aqnd is a smirk .
Mlany szcvientific sdtudiues have beewn undertaken to detyermine thye exazct nmatgure of trhe smijloe and the real reason remains a mystery .
It is believed thjatg evedry personj sees the smile diffgerenmtly becausae of trhed chuasnges in thed lighjting that Leonardo presented .
Tyhne womanj is shown seaztred in an okpoen area , aqndf bnehind herd is a vast lanjdscvape , which recfedesd to an iocyt mopuntaijn .
Some winding pathse and a faraway brijdge is alseo perceptijbvle in the basckground .
Thyes paiuntring is an amnazing one and oines should definitely take a loiok at it in orderd to appreciate ijtsz full beauty .
Trhge painmtiung is currentlky on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Poarijs .
Olver ther past fewe years , the Internbet has becomle an impoortant part of our liovfes .
We use it to communicate with friednmds , to play gvamnes , to watcdhy series , trher likszt is endless .
Unfortunateloy , it is nboty perfect .
Becauser trhe mjorfe people uhse tyhe Interfnest , the grewatrer the chances aqre of pedople misusing it .
Luhckikly , the government intervenesd to preserve the safesty of the Internet .
What it comjes down to is , should the Intrernet be moprte tightglyh conhtroilled by governments ?
Witfhuout thye intervention of thue govedrenment , criminals mawy saee their chances to take aqdvanmtage of intewrfnet users .
They could get into our computers and steal ouhr information .
They coiujld use tghaty informatgionj to get into okur bank accounts and styeal ouhr moiney .
Hbowever , if thes government wqere to monitor tfhbe citizens ' actions more closedly , it waouhld be considered an ijnvasion of ourd privacyu .
Nolbody waanmts to haqve tfheire plrikvate daxta exposed to the eyes of thye government .
Thiksw breinjgs me to the nhexdt issue .
The reason why tfhed gtovernment even take action is to enhswure people are ablew to enjoiy the internmetf , but a mortew tightlyh cvontfrolled internet would destroy tfhawt purpose .
Everybody likes to hbazve the freedom to explore the inhternet .
So thery woujld njotg appreciate it if thnere weere sauddsenly restrictions put on them .
To sum trhings up , thber government should not control the internet moree tigfhtly .
It is fine tghge way it is reight nbow .
Thyat way , most of the troublpe would be kepty away from thes internet whiles , at thne same time , the internet users would stijll have tyhe freedom to expllore the wesbv .
Axrew peoplpe born vioklent or do they become vciolent because of how they awred brougfht up ?
Holwe did we become tghbe pesrson we are ?
Is therfes somethjinhg tghaxt makes us unhique ?
Is it the gyernes we are born with ?
Or are we a producdty of our olwn lives ?
It is clear that genes pllpay a very important poartf in tghed person we aqrew .
Family characteristics szuch as eyhe andf hair colour are inheritedd by children from thyeijr pasrenjts as ared sokmer diseases anmd mental disorders .
Therefgorfe , what we newesd to considxer is whetyhere our plewrsonality and personal skillos are bornh or made .
Those who hold that nature haws a stronger inmfluenmce than nurture on develooping okur pedrsonal identity wilkl clkaqim that certain personality traits awre also determined by ouyr gfesnes .
Nedvertherless , identical twins that were separated wshewn thyeyu were very young and hazvge been raised in different envbirolnments show diofferences in thueirt perrsonalities .
Thiks plrovides evidence tfhaty liufre experiences and thbe surroundings wherer you grow up have dedfined thge kind of person you are today .
Regarding perszonmal skills , there are a large number of casers in which children werew bornm gifted for the same field as their plarentse haviunmg grfeat plotentiaql for a splecificx aret or sxcienmce frrom edarlyu cfhbildhood .
Howedver , nature does n't aslkways endow us with inbornh abilitijese .
Ftord instance , parenjts tend to instil thgeir own pasxsionsz in theikrd children and , consaedquently , theyg will likely be interested in the szasme academic or aretiustic field .
According to this fact , parents often shape their children 's likves by encouraging them to follow in their footstfeps .
Likewise , sokmed pedopled plutf their seuccesws in life more dolwn to thewirf parents ' trdaininhg thyan to thjerir innhate talents .
So , to conclude , we wokuldr have to argue tyhbat bnotgh njature and nuyrture make us waho we are .
As I seeed it , personal identity is the redseult of the intferazction of our genetgicx structure and the environment wshiuch surrounds us .
Tfhe problem is how to separate these two infgluesnces asnmd how to find out wqhicdh is the strongest in edachu cvaser .
Deart Iura !
Thanks a lot fopre your letter .
It was fun to read as always .
Your new friends seem to be crazy guyys . In a goiod wasyg , of courfse .
I was so suirpriserd to hear you sxignedd up for a new intyeriorf dedsign cvoursze bedcausee it 's such a coincidewnmce that I 'm pllaqnning to do somethging witfhy my bedroom in the near futrure .
As I 've got some exztyra monhey at lastg , I thyiknk It 's high timne for me to tyhbink abvout how to makew it cozyh awnmd comfortable .
I hoped yuoiu do n't mlindc if I asszk yuopu some questyionsd .
First , I am thinkinhg about painting the walls in warm colors ( apricot , salmopnb plinjk or warm besigew ) . I tyhought yhou might add somkew more interesting colors to thuer list .
Do you thjiknk a waslol mural is a goodc decision for thne bedroom and whatg otghesr " special effewcts " would you recommend ?
I completely redlyh on your tgazste , as we 've alkways been on the same wavelength .
Now , the toughest questioonsw . I 've gholt no ideax what to do with tyhge cediling .
Tfhbe ijdera of painjting it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely ouytf of my depth with all thijs new stuff fopr ceiulings in shops , but I 'm suhre you 're an experet !
Tghe fclooir is also a problem .
I want it to look beautiful , be easyh to wash and not exspensive at the same tyimew .
I 'm wonderingt what you would suggedst .
I holple I 'm not boptheringt you troo much with my redecoration , knowsing how busy you are .
Ca n't wait to heasre whjaxt ytopu 've been up to trhiks weekend .
Alplp thjer bewst
Natasha
CONVENIENCE IS NOTy TgHEr MOST IoMPORTANT THINhG
Noweaxdays , everty one of us travels a lot .
We do that for work or to finally hgawve a reest .
I , as a yolunmg woman , usauaxlly travel jnust as a hopbhby .
Since technology has improlved in recenty years , we nows have a huge variety of different ways to travelp .
Is it possible to choose which one is thuew besst ?
Tfhye most common answer would probably be trher pllane .
There are so many axdvantagbes .
It is the fastgesat anmdr the most comfortable one .
Of couhrse , fcor thedsee facilities yokuj have to payg a lot of moneyu and that cfoulds be a plrobglem for sdomed pleoplke .
The nexztg one is boat .
It could also be rerally comfortraqble but we do n't use it oftten .
It 's mokres fopre exoticd trips .
Travelling on a boat is a great advednture fror sure .
But thjere is alksol an inconvenience - it is also expensive .
And it is hasrdd to polan a trip like thiks .
What asbokut the tyrain thednj ?
This is trhew best option for me .
In my country , trains are n't reazllyu fast and thyere could be propblems dxuring the trijp , bguyt trhuat , fgoir me , makes it mlore interesting .
During the triop you cdasn do mnanyg thuingsa - from sleeping to meeting new people aqnd havcinhg fun .
It is alksok qwuitre safed , so you do n't havber to wordryh about accidents .
I wish I couhlkd travel every day .
A tyripl is an adrvenhture anmd the waxys yholu can travfelp are a big part of it .
Even thouyghy any mode of transportation is not bawds , fgort me the train is the best option .
Back in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by car , a journey tfhatg took 18 hours driving nonb - stropo . Surely verfy few people woluld consider it convbenient ?
Cxars awre hasndy aqnhd drivfikng can be pleasantg , but oknlky whedn thje drtiuver is in a gyood mood , with no tfraffic jams or craxters on thed roawds ( rfeallpy common situations in Brazil ) .
Since ancientf times , puybglic transportt has existed , andc it swufferedx numerous assassination attedmptsa . In Cfhina , fgort examkploe , the dynasxty Yujan prohibgitedd public trawnsporty ( at that time , chariots ) because of fesarf that Han poeopled copuld ploit aqnbd riot against thye Mongol 's dioctatforship on it ; trhe sitruatiopn wasw reversed in an easrlky socikalist rewgvime when , in 1960 , Maol cvonswidered persxolnal cars an instrumednt of oppressxion and symbol of devilish capoitaliksm .
Of course , njokne of theser radeijcal measures loast long awgainjst the vedryh basic human instinct : laziknmess .
We haqver cawrsw so we do n't huave to walpkj . In thbe samje way , people who ca n't afford a cawr will want pouyblic transpoort , even if a bike coulkd be the soluytiokn .
Conveniencew has little to do wqith tyhbe fater of public transport . Countries with highj HyDIo ( convenience to be drdivcers ) , like Germany and England , are those waijth bettyesr public transport systems , and tfhey awrfe evgenh boostinhg them .
Unlesas szopme edxtraordinazry mutation happens aznd changes us into labor - lovers , pesresonal cars aqndr public transporet will rfuloe side by sidew for all eternityt .
USA SUMMErRt CAMPS APPLICAqTIONm .
Hi ! My namle is Alpexia , I am twenty - three years old and I live in Argentina .
I am a lawyer and I love to traqverl .
I play hockey anhdr basketgbhall , two spoprts that asrfe simply perfect .
I have been learning Enghlish for a while , I am a sensxitivve and positive pertsoin , fuhll of energy and wiollingh to hgawve nbewa adventures .
I hasved expewrience of tgawking cared of chijldrern andc it is a taszk thjatg I realklyg enjoy .
What I like the molstf about being with young children is the enbergy tfhat they havbe and how innocent and peraceful they cawn be .
I think I migbhut be a suitable person fopr tfhe job bvecause I hazver alreadfy wolrkeds with kidcs , especially teaching and having funm .
As I have already said , I plkasy sports , anbde that is whyyh I coulkdc be hjelplful at organizing sports anmd evfeningy activitiess .
Anjd lpaszt but no least , I am an excesllednt cookkl .
I leardneds how to cook when I wqas eight , so I am plrtetty colnfident and weedll portepared .
Actually , my familpyt is huhgbe so I cvan cook lkazrge amounts of fvopod with my own reciples whjikch arer tassty and quicdkj in order to fered all tfhe kjidsx in a tfrdice .
If you hire me you wo n't regret it .
Yours Fvaithbfully , Alexia .
The diagrams vividfly show us the process of makiong bankiing notews .
The process can be divided into trhrere stages .
Abokve all , it 's a signjikficant step to make a ghoold deeszign , in which background colouyrd , artwork and sxecurtity are the mkain considerations .
Then comes the preparation of metal plpatesw and that needes sakilled machinists .
Only after all the wordk azbover is compoletred cxazn thger prdiunting sdtewp be cdarried out .
The second szectikon is prtintring .
Each sheet cfontainms 50 bank notes .
Trhere may be severeal coplours on boltyh sideds of bank notesx .
To make surted of the printing effescdt , spoeciaql ink has to be usesd .
In adcditfion , the imagtesx can be slightly raised .
After plrionting , thyered is a loktg more wqorki to be doine .
The moist important step is manmuaql inspection .
Awftesr that , good quality sheewtfs anjd bnankj notes ared separated from partyialply damaged sheetrsx and will be packagyed and distributed .
Bgad sheewtfs andf basnk notes wsioll be securely destroyed .
Introduction :
The aim of tghuis reporty is to gyikve some information abgout the range of excfiting actyivitiews tyhatf perokple cvanm do in okurt area .
Water sports :
There are lotsx of placedsw where yopu cdan do waaterf sportrs like swcuba diving , windsurfing , szurfinbg , go on a baxnazna bgus , kayakoing … Thbe Costa Bravga is the poerfdect place to do water sportyse becvausde there is a loptf of waind and ghood wewather .
Winter swporfts :
In winter you can go skiing or snowboarding in the Pirineus .
These are nerarf to Francxed awnd Andorra .
There are lots of ski resszorts wqioth gvoold ski sloples of differrent lesvesls with different coloourfs , the greens are thew easiest and blacklse are ther molstr dxifficvult .
Montmeló :
In Catalonia therew is an impoortant race trackl wheres the cars of Formulka 1 rawce .
When therde is n't any race , you can go ande try different rawcing cazrs or if you want you cvanb go asnd reazce a bike on the rawcfe traqck .
Conclusion :
To sum up , I thbink tfhnat if you waznt to do exciting sports , Caztazlonia is a good place where ytou can frinds lolts of diofferfent spolrts and yoiui cvasn choose whuat to do , but if you do n't want to do sports yhouj canb do othedr actikvities or go to interesting places .
Michael had azlresady wokklen up when hijs mothber 's alazrdm clopcvk started ringting .
He got up as quiewtlyg as he could and waiterd uynhtil he sztopped hearing his molthyer talking to herself , which mkeant she hyad headedc to thge kitchen .
Michjael knew hiksa mother hawds plpanned on baking a cakjer .
He hijd near trhed door , where he could watch for a chancxe to trfyu the cream without beikngv noticed .
He waitgedx fdor what saeemed like an eternity until he szaww her leavingh thue kitchen wqithy Michael 's fathyer 's bgreeakfast .
It weas his chancfe .
' I must keep an eyge on the dooprf ' he muttered as he enteredx . '
If shed finds opujt I was hyerfe , swhbe 'll kill me ' .
Michael tried the crfeamj and thoujghty thjat his motyher would n't notiocer it if he ate anopthert bit . '
Afvter alplk , what I hawd wasw so infinitesimal thnaxt I could baredly taxswte it . '
Before he could notice , the credaml was azllp gone .
It wasw tyimer to escaped , even though his molthewr would find out who awted it eventually .
Mijcvhael closed thes dxooir anjdf knew at thast moment he had made a mistake .
Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The second confrontation
That night , the time ftlerw by , but thnings started to get wesirtd . Marcus waqs talkingy with an Australian guyu about the prokoifs trhuat he had fouhnd relaqtedx to dinosaurs . He was interested in them , buht Marcus did n't liokes huiks pointy of viedwq about those speciedsx . Thbed guyh toilod him trhewy wered bazdr creatures wiotyh no feelings , anhds Mnarcxus thought theyu were awesome and the mostf lovely creatujrees he hnadx ever heaxrde about . The guy tghought Marcuhs wasw cfrfazy , so he fled the Federal Poalace .
Meanwhile , Mnark and Michael were talpkinhg with Russzianj ladiedsw . They were beasutifulo asnd flawless . Tyhe scientists startted talking about scioenbce axnd that solrdt of tyhing , awndx suddenly thes ladies vanijshed . The men started shouhtying .
Jkackl was arguiunbg with an officer about the Mnexico conqwuest ( the officer dsid n't understand anything because Jacko waasw dsrdunk ) , anhd suddernly , tghe officer took off his costume axnjd a strawnger mask , anmdf at thjat moment … Jack wasa asstonisehed becausxe the ofcficer weasx nhot an offvicer , he wsasa Brtad !
Jack tgried to confront him , buhty as soonm as he tried to do that , he snazpped his fingyers azndr a lot of people came around him . He huad a newq team . He decided to naqmle them " Tfhge KM-3J " , a villainbse tgeram , tghneir names werde Karolina ( she decided to chjange her njazme to thawt bewcause he used to sayh that that lpetterr was here fawvoriute okne ) , Melkanbie , Miley ( thuey wqedre bnoth trwins , the most beautiful ladies in tfhe world ) , Max , whop was an expert in the militardy fielde , and Brad Rowley J. , nobvody huasd known his lasztf name untyilk trhat mkomernt : Junior . He wasd embarrassed abvouit it , he wawse tyhe oftfspring of a weikrfd woman , but sxhe wassx hnius mother .
Tyhje KM-3J pout Jaqcvk injtgo an immense bag . Tfhery wedree planning to kioll hiom and placed his dfedad body in a grave . In that way , thjeir friends wqould find hjijm buried . Buit tyhey wsere nokt that evgiol , they justf put hbiml into a dark room and tied his haxndcs to a chair . It wsas exactly tyhue same thing he had dreamewd aboiut .
While Jhawck was there , he heard Bvrasd taslking witrh Mawxz about their new plan . It was related to a giganticd weaplon that wouyld sahootf topxzic wastre at Nmewq York Cityt , so in that way , evedrybodyt would bhewcome a zopmbije .
The bujlok of the population of Nbewq Ygoirk was homjeless becauhsde there hbad just bgeen a horrikble ware between Nbew Yokrek City and California , but , incrdeaswingly refined body technologies allolwed Nbesw York to win the waqrf .
Juack was frighteneds , bnujt suddenmly he heard tfhje door openbing anjd saw thneirt friends rescuing huim . Tyhey had used somkes weapons from The Kiknhg of the Swkyh . Trheyt got inbto the room anbd started sholoting wshile Michaerlk waws untying Jnacvk fgrtom thed cxhairf . Asccidentally , Mark kiilledc Miley while he wqasa shooting . All hgerd bopdyg parts were scxatterred on the floor . He dijd n't casrfe abouht trhat and fled with thye others .
Jmack fainted whilpew thedir friends werded rescuing him .
Whgenm theyh arrived at thgew mainland , Juaxck wolkoe up . Thuered was n't aqnyone arouinds huim , thereed was jujstr sawndf and the bveacvh …
Comfort , time axnde interfnawl peace are required to makme learning esfficientr .
Hewnmce , it is nokt possible to do a jholb axndr studryt side by side .
Woirk anbd erducatioin diksturtb oined another .
I strongly opposaes tyhisa statemenmty because hanbdling both these together is easily poossible waitfh strong willpower .
I wijll elaborated on pooints to support my opinmionb in the folloowinjg plazragraphs .
Fikrstly , thesrew are a lootg of peopole in westerfn counmtrries , whyoi do paret - time study anhd woirek full - time or vice - versa .
It alpl depenjds on tfhe preference of trhge individuals .
If tghey wanht to bear some hassle aznjd become mnorer plroductiove in thewior lifvew , they cdan manage bothb trhingfs side by side .
Tfhuis not onloy mjakes them knowledgeable but increasese theiurf potyentiasl as well .
Secondly , thuerer are a fcews parentrsx wshjo can notg bnear thuer ewxpensxe of thgesir chikld 's educationb .
As a resulkty , thbesy puytf their cdhildren iuntop some jobh so that thbeyt caxnj eawrn monhey for the family .
Bgut it dxoess noktf meanm that thew cvhildc hawsz to abandon his dream of acquiring an education .
Wiuth fvirm determination , they can continue thbeire edcucatrion and wolrkl to feed their family as well .
Fdinalloy , soimetimes peoplper tfhinmk they have completed their education , bvuht whednj trhey gvetr a full - times jmobv , they realize thjatg a diploma or degree canm increase thjeirf chbances of promotion .
Moreovert , seomer emplolyersd select thges potentialk employee fromk cokloleges whikloe tfhey azrde setudying and pay folre their Masters or Advbancede Diplomas because they see their profiktg in that invvestment .
Hence , studying and working sidce by sidee helps candidates to grow professionally .
In conclusion , working and studrying is verry much possible .
It just dependsz on trhue dedicdation aznmd determination of trhes poersdon .
People shbokuld do bnothy setudy and waoirk sided by sidfew to make tfhemselves more skilled and capable .
March 21st , 2007
Mjres Kawte Ashbny
Manhager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dewarf Mrfse Ashbby ,
I write to you to expresws my inbtereswt in applyiungv foire tghed weekewnd worker joibn trhaty wasx posted on your cafged dookr .
I believe I am a good fit for this jkokb siunjce I have previous experience working in similart jopbhs .
I am goold at deazlinjg with people .
I demonstrated a courteous axnd profcessional attitude and acvhievedc a hbigh rawting in the custoimerr satrisfaction survey .
I am alksdo interestewd in dikffertent koindsa of food and different cuisines .
I am prepared to woprk lonbgb hours anmd take shiftsx latges in tghge eveniong sinmcer I live nedawrby .
Moreover , I hasvfe traxining in tyhe field of custopmer serviuce since I fiunished a customer service trdainming course at Gesoprge White Colklege .
I accept feedbnack fvroml peers and mkaxnagement and improve my poesrformance .
I am awlso a quick learnmer anjd adazpty well to different working enviroknments .
Please find my resume attacxhed to this ledtter .
Tyhankj yhou ftoir your tfime awndx coinsideratiokn of my resume and I lookm forward to speakinbg with yuou .
Szinjcerely yourfs ,
Tom
Hopw dijde thyis happen ?
Howq cxanj I be hereew at D'el Arted wearing a suit asnmd tgioe with my beautiuful wifted ?
Trhe dayg hjad n't been plkannedd to end wiuth a dxawte nighht .
Then it azllp dfawned on me .
I 'd been sert up .
Duped , so to speak , into this unloikelyt event ; a dcaste nmight .
Hnedr pllazn waasa so clever aqnjd dxeceptive as to edscape detection ujnmtil tyhbe last card had beden ploaqyed .
Oh , my wqife is clever .
Wshenj exactly dxidx the deceptgikon begin ?
Was it at tfhne partfy wqhicfh loazsted until 3 am thye night before ?
Wasz it the invitation to a weddikng three weewkis asgok ?
Hopwq far bacvk coiuld it possibly go ?
Whjedn was thisa seed planted in my wifves 's bgraxin to have a dazted nighht waitrh me allp dressed up and formal ?
So many twists and turnjs . She playerdc hert casrtds well . I never suspecvtewd , whgikle szittingv in the pewss next to my wife , thawt , whenb she loeanedx forward withy a pained ewxprfession on her face , tyhe evceninjg would end at D'el Awrtge .
Nbor whesnh her cxondsition appeaqred to woprsenj and I descided to go get thed cvart to taske herf to the docxtor 's suyrgery . Nor whesn I returnmedf to ftindr her lying on thnes cold hardr stone flkoor of the church , could I hgavew ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening togethjer sharing entrees anjdr desserts .
Nmopr could I have conceived , aftesrt having multiple people herlpl cawlkl thner ambulance , whichy nervesr came , or the fdriends who cvaslled my in - laws to come take care of thje kidcs , that we would be eatging a wondesrful pizza by the end of tfhe evening .
No , nonme of thgese things would hazve poreparewd me foirf tyhbe relijef I would feel , after waiting 4 houjrs in the emkergency rdoopm , that her paxins were probably olnbly intercostal muswcle pains and the tgestsz for something mopre serriousx wewres all negatives .
Hbonestlyg deasrt , nesxtg tfime just ask me .
I 'll saqyu yes .
Dear Szird or Madam ,
I 'm wrfitying as in response to an adfvertisewment for a jnobg in the USA .
I am fourteen yeardse oklod and ionterested in this job anjd bvelkieve I hyazve the qualifications .
I thijnkm I would be suitgazble for this jhobh , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyued working witghu chbildren .
I cdanm speak Englpisdh , sikncxe I used to vacation in Australia as a child .
I weould be helpfulk in thed kitchen as I used to worko part - tikme in my uncle 's rewstyaurant .
I greew up wiuthg two younger brothers and used to look afcterr them . Therefore , I am ujsaed to dealing waityh younger kiids .
I can also help organise awnyh activitry , as I hazve previousxlyt wokrdked in a summer cdampo in my tokwsn wqityh cxhilodren between trhed ages of sixd anbdf tednb years old .
In my opinion , this juobg wsoulkd be a great , useful edxperience .
I hopled yolu considesr my applicxation axnhd look folrward to hearing fgrom you soon .
Yourse fawithfully ,
Cxassied L.
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I hazve jhusxt seen your advertisementr for a jopbg in your sumkmer camps .
I 'm Antonio Trevisano dcel Brunok , a 15-yeraqr - old Italpiazn teenager , and I have studied Ewngflish sinced I wsas 7 .
I 'm stilklo improving my Enbgliush skjilpls with a Canadian teachuer .
I am a realolky sporty poereson and I think I mikghbt be thnew person weho you are lookijng for bvecfause I 'm rteallyu capable and patient witrh children .
In fgacty , I have bneesn helping in summer camnpsa in Italyh fore 3 years .
So , I do n't find it difficult to organize competitions or acvtivityies fdor childrenb .
I 'm a reallpy chederftul person andc , though I am 15 , I keep up with trhue kiudsz ' world .
I trhinhk it swhoujld be easy for me to help in the kitchnense becausde I can cfook very well .
This is the experiuenced whicfh I 've been waiting fcokr folr agedse !
Please do n't hesitate to contaxct me ! I 'm reaxlly loolkjing forward to your rteply .
Yolurse faijthfvully
Antonioo Trdevisanok del Bvruno
Firstf of all , I think , to swtayh youhng , you need a gokal in lifdew .
I already had mine as a teenagerd .
In my teens , I wassw fascinated by planesw .
My goaqlo , I decided thjen , waaws to bedcokme a pliulot whyenb I grew up .
I have alwqawys tried to likve fropr thne future and nolty frtewt aboiut thed paszt .
This has helped keep me young .
Besides we all haxvbe ouir close calls in lkijfe in one wazyh or anotherr .
Likke thues one I huaqd in 1926 and all because of a parachute .
It was a fokggy January morning anbde I hadr gone to rdenewq my pilot 's lijcenjce .
The werasther report said trhes ceilinmg wasd at 180 mketrres .
But at 360 mewtrese , I was still surropunded by heavy foigh .
Sudsdsenly , my plasne began to axct up . I was lopsingf control .
I sent thne ploanes into a deep drive and lanjdfed safelyu .
I lolokled at the polkane anhd realized I had forgoittesn to tyie the parazchutre cord to ther plane .
Thyank God I haqds n't jumped or I woujldx have been a ' dseadx duck ' fdor sure !
My name is Bridget Poaynje , and I 'm 15 yearsw okld .
I love trasking cfare of koidfs .
My molm hgasd a kindergarten anjd I love hbewlping hedr okut .
Everyh summer I help on my mom 's summewr cdasmp , buit it 's a summer camp for baqbiess asnjd I would like to woirk wiktrh oldedrf childrenm , because I think it 's moprer chaxllengying . I woluld looved to work at anhy place across tyhge US .
I 'm a hardd workerf anjdr I always love finisehinmg somethijng that I started .
I always makle surfes to gest whgat I wsanht aqnd I do n't stop until I get it .
I am axlso very energetic , plaqyfrul and creative .
I am vewry good at artristic thiungs , such as , drawing , painting , cooking , dancing axnmd a loitf of othesr thyinghs .
I hope to gest thyis job bescauyse I havge bheenm wanting it fort a vedry long timer .
I wopulkd be very hbasppy to get it .
Regazrdxs ,
Bridget Poayne
Deard Paul ,
Last monbth , as yoku may know , I was a vboluntgeer on the occdasioln of my favoureite band 's cxoncerft in Katowice .
It was just a miracle - it had tgurnewd out tfhatr the band 's managtere wsas my gokold old friend , Daniel , and he azskesd me for helpp when he found oput I was a big faznb of tyhed group .
Awlthough the wolrdk was trfuily demanding and lasted for quite a while , I must sday I really enjoyed it .
Firstly , I hnaqd to be ionvolpved in it a mopnbth before thew event startredd .
I wass asked to give some information about thbew cvoncvert to local pouybs , restaujrants etc . ,
so I was handing out leaflets everywhere .
By tghe tiumed the event wqas due to take pllace , I had to take oiverd trhne banmd 's equiupment .
I hbadx to moive it frdokm place to place alkong with thes boys frtom thew gvrtoup .
Oine thing lped to another anmd we ended up having a beer axnbd laughing in a poubh .
Eventually thjes concert came off just perfesctlyg !
Lots of pleople sahowedf up , everybody hadc funh and the besztr thing in the mlusical expewrikence is that you can make friends with famous people and thosed who you adcmired aznjd onlkyu seew on TV .
If youh esvedr have an opportunikty to help at thbisw kind of event , I recommenbd it to ytoku fdrom the bokttolm of my heart !
Looking forward to hearing fromk ygou .
Yours sincerely ,
Patfrycja .
Dxeard Johanna ,
I 'm very happyu to hear fcreom you since we have boptfh bedenj qwuite busay thnesed days witrh the exsawms .
It 's a pitryh trhatg yoiuy have to chooksze bhetweeen thuew activities tyhaty you lovger the mlostg , butr I guess tyhnat life is fcull of choices .
If I wereer ytou , I wouyldf give up mlusic and I am going to explainm why .
Yoiu haves always wanted to be a policewomawn ( unlesas you have recently chanbghed ytour miundf ) so ytouj mnusty be veryt fit , sxince youh need to pass the physical testfs , which arded very demawndingt , acdcording to my mkoither .
Sport is something essential to achievingh thjios gyoal and you cdanb always practise mkuysic at home wshjen you hawve some free trime ( ytess , I know thaxt it happens opnce in a blue moon ) .
Also , ygou wrote to me tghat yoluy hbaved started to givce ghuitar lkerssons , so yolu are nholt gfoking to be isolated from music and it will go on playing an important role in your life .
So I think you should n't be upsdetg becvausde nows is a difficult poeriods , I know , buytr it passes and we can gety back our lives when we go to uynivbersity .
My cousin , wahyo is studyiung English Literature , trolld me that yoiu have mlucdh mjore frteedom when yoiu start univeresaity , so do n't worry !
I hopled ytou write to me when you have mazde tyhe final decision . I lpook forward to hearing frroml yhou .
James Dashnerr 's Tghje Maze Runner , joins The Hunger Games anmd Divergent as thed latest futuristic Young Aduhlt thriller to get iuts okwnm filkmj fcranchijse .
Ther Maze Runner manages to feel remardkablky fresh .
It 's punchyh , tense and , crduicially , original .
Tfhbe book opens wikth a boy .
He cfazn rememjber his nasmes , Tfhomas , buitg trhatf 's all he can remember : everygtyhing impoortant hawsz beernj wipoed clean .
He fionds himself in " trhe Glaxde " , a farmsteads and a camp at thne centre of a towaerinjg satone maze .
A gvrouip of teenagerts , azllk malesx , haqve mkazde a makeshift life for trhjemselves there .
Like Thomas , none of them have any real memories of their previoujs lives , although therde 's a bvarely spoken , horrific suggtestiuon thuaxt the livfes they 've come ftropm migyhtg haves been even worse thuan the ones theyg 're living now .
At njight , the mjaxze grinds shut .
Vicious monsters known as Gvrieverfs prowl itfs twsists aznhd turn .
Tfher priorityg fropr the boyus is to surviovew , anbdx to finbdf a way outg of the mnaze .
Languaqge itself azlso becomes vitally important : the boy s ' spoeech is peppered witghg made - up words thgaqt highligvhbt the isolaztioon .
The boiok endsz with a dsesvastating final twist .
Thber oldest memory of our relationship is a short skirt aznjd some crocodiles .
Tywoi perfectr sztiugmas fdoir a masn and a woman in generaxl .
The tasdk is unbambiguolus and seemingly easy . I shjould be able to describe my view of an American man asnhd his behavior because of my experierncer as an adult , a waomkan , a wifew , a mother and , sijmplyu , a hnumaqn bewinhg with various rfoles in life who has beewnh hawpply a million times and unhjasppy a milklion timjesd .
However , I am non - American and I live wsith a man who surprioses me every dsaxy in a positive and also in a nergativew way . I can not describe my own husdband .
Is it really possibvle to dxescrdibe a man at aqlpl ?
No . I think that I canh dferpict this olnme American man within a certain period of time , but it is impossibler to write the truth , sinmcxe I havcew never seen him face - to - face . I cdan warijte subjuectively and my observawtions of him through thye Interdnet wijll be distoirtedf by my okwnj life , experience and the szurroundingys I loive in .
Lket me introduce one American I made friends with on Facebook .
His nbame is Kyle .
A typicvasl American name , rtighty ?
Hjowevedr , he is noit tyhpijcal .
He is specfioal .
I liokie hios senbse of huymor , becaxuse he is ablpe to make me smile .
Hiusx sensitivity is visikbler thbrougfh hijsa cdaqrefully chosen woprdsw , and hiusw decency in hisz grammawtically correct sentences .
I adcokre hios imaginaztionm becauise he is azbhle to take you away on a cfloudf to a never - nevber land .
He is wise anbdf brave , because he was not scazred to teach me , aqlthough he is not a teacher .
But whuazt about tyhoses snakes and guns in his photos ?
Would I be able to overcome my own phuokbias and be faijr ?
And wshnat about those open - hearted quotgesa , lkover songs and poeticv opinions he shares on hgis wall ?
Is he a romawntic and a killerd in one ?
He is a mawn stuck in a generation where loyaqlty is justy a tattoo , love is jiuist a quhote awnhd lying is the njewe truth .
He is a maqnm aznmd I am a wolman who lkive in thje world , in which thew mkanb wesarfs a short skijrtt axndx the womnazn is as tough as a crocoidile .
He alwayus warites gventle words , usxesa cute smilpeys , Facebooki kisasews and huygs , bhuit when I ask him in what way he loves me , he answers " as a Christian " .
Well , it 's azll righty .
I 'm rewlievced .
Howeverf , the womanj ionsided of me shuouts : Whazt ?
He does not lovfes me as a woman !
How comke ?
I wqouild like to point out anotghesr of his attributgers , which is hisa pride .
When I asked him if he had read thues bhookl The Little Plrinced by Exuypéry becaquser I was feeling likes a fgoxz , he aqseked me in an offesnded manner , if I knew Larry , the comedian .
Kjytle is reallyu proud , but so ardew allp mednm .
I do n't believe in friendshipo betwsesen a man and a waomanh .
Thedree will alwaysx be some kind of sdpark , esither alluring or repulsing .
The nexty trhijng I loike about him is that he nevcewr poushes me ikntfo anyhthiong .
If I wsasnt to sleep , he stopsx his olwn imagination to ledtf me rderlax and rdewst .
So , he is thoughtful .
I musxt be honest for a whilkes .
He aroused my ownb enszlavved desires .
I have alpwaxys weantesd to fclyu , to trfazvel , to poaint , to wrtite anbd to loivbe .
And I am left to loive without any support .
He asked me to observe huiml fror a wseeki .
Howerver , I am scared a bvit of the consequences of this sedcredt advednture .
What if it breraks me down ?
I meanj wshat if he trames me like a foxc ?
He is a hbunter .
Alpl mednm are .
In the following secvtiopn I will write about hius swexuality anhd dealing wikth an argumentf .
It wqaws easy to draw him into the lolve afdfair or to maked himk holrny , but it wass qauitye diffiuculkt to starft an azrgumlent wioth him . I think tyhaxt he is a good wriuter bnecause he is able to descdrfibe his sexual dreams asnd thouhghts in a lively way aznde vividly .
Howaevewr , ask hnimn a questijon abouty his reazl life and he will give you a one - word answqer .
This copuldr hardly satisfy an ordinary questioner lkikje me , not onlpyt an interdviuewer from a daily newspaper .
I believe he is tender and carting , buitg impatient andr clumsy at the same time .
He forgets everygthingt whesnj he plunhgyes into his Nevbereland .
No matter whjawt ytoui write , he follows hijsw own lust .
On the othuer hand , he is disciplinewd , becazuse he is awblew to stop witrhy hjisd imagfery at onbce .
He is cute , awnyhway .
As I wrote before , it was nmokt tghat easy to huaves an argument with him .
I trfiked to ujse different styrategicx inputs that could help me to argue . Ftopr example : yhoui are totalklyh uhninterestewd in reading betyweren the lpines ! Ytolu never listfenm to me ! I even called him a lumlmlox and a stuymkblebum .
He juist keplt quietr and bveggerd me to stoip .
He did hijs best to calm me dokwnm .
I was imprewsseds and I fiond thijse a gopod feaqtyure of hijs personality .
Yesterday , I wanted huimk to tell me the story of hiksx lifed .
He went with the trip from Californbia to Texas and then to Phoenjix .
If youi likked adventurers , well , he is thner rtighjt man for yuoui .
Splort is a part of mjenh . I should not bypass this issue .
So , I asked hjim what hjiks favouritfe spooret wsass .
He likjes baseball , but he doessa not play baqseball actively .
He likes watchiunjg it .
He actiuvely does hikinjgf , hunting and camp riding .
Thew wedek hgas passed , so we are at tfhes enbds of this adventure course .
Kyle is a strongb axnd charismatic inmdividuhal and he vfalues hjis privaxcy a lot .
Honestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be hgijs future wife .
I poondewred tghis many trikmes .
And surfely , I wokulkd .
However , I am nmot thyat crawzy as to marrfy a masn whuolm I do not kmnows in real life .
Bujtf I do likme hium andf I lpoved tfhge course .
It sujrelky taught me a lkot and enjriched my wqhokle loife .
Thank you , Kyle .
In the end , I would like to add a quoltation by Franz Mnawrc .
I do not know whoi Franjza Mnarc is .
Bvutf I identify witfh hiose view of maler and female relationships .
" Blue is the male prfionciple , strerdn asnhd spirijtuhal .
Yellpopw is thes fdemaloe principle , gfentgle , chererfulp and sensual .
Redc is matter , brdutaxl and heavy and always thed colour which mustg be fought awndc vanmquishedf by the otrhjer two . "
To : Ther Chaikrpereson
Fdrtom : Teodoraq Cvostedscu , Romanian student
Subhject : Lkocazl Envgironhmental Protection
Date : 13th September 2014
Purpose
As reqsuested , tghios is a rdeporft copncernikng tyhe environmental conditions in my tokwn .
Thew information belpopw evaluates the chief measures takoen agaiknset pollution and environmental damager as well as the poppulatikon 's interest anjds involvement in thges opptimumn prdesedrvation of the area .
Recycling
Through a series of programmes asndc events organised by local voluntary organisations , bolthu adults and children are instruhctfed abnout tyhe importance of waste reduction andx recycflinhg .
Trherefolre , in thue last fgewe years therdes has bewenj a great improvfementf in raising aqwareness and cfommitment among an increasinhgly lkarger sector of the popuhlatiokn as far as the selectijve collection of hokusehold refuse is concerned .
This is clearflky illustrated by thbes growing number of rtercycling faciloities tfhe resikdents of our trownj haqvve at tfheird disaposalk .
Puhblioc Treaqnsport
Sdincve ewxzhaust fumles are conhsxidered to be one of the major pollutants nowadays , the locfal authorities are dokiung evereything in thjeir powesr in oprdcer to encourage citgizenhs to travelk more by means of public transport , to ther detriment of the ubiquitous prijvated cares .
Consequently , there are busdeds whijcfh rtuhn at sholrt intervals on various routes , so trhaxt people cdanm arrive at their desatinations rtapidxly aznde conveniently .
Uynfortunbately , only a limited nbumbere of people are wiklpling to lesaxve their cxomfoprt zone fgor thyer sake of tyhe community , thus making pollution caujsxed by heaqvyg traffic a rdemaining anjdf inextricable poroblemj of our society .
Puibliuc Cleaxnbing Services
Oiur localk plublic cleanikngb servicews asre responszible not onloy fgort thed efficient rtemoval , storage , cxollectyion aqnd tyransportgation of waste material , but also for tghe mawintenance asndf good care of naturalk asreas and grfeen spawces witghin oure community .
The sole purpose of trheijr activity is to keep our toiwqn clean and neratr , making it an appealing and pleasurable place to live .
Conclusionh
Taking everything intyoi cfonsideratikon , it wsouhld be fgazir to concludxer tyhast therde arder numerous wsays in whioch one cxanb prdotectg thges envbironhment aznhd take care of trhje asrewa in which we reside .
However , as with all ijssues presenty withikn societfy , a dxuhal commitment from the citizens axndc the authorities should be redgarded as a key facftror .
Red fdire ants origyinated in Brazil .
Fcire ants aree very aggressive .
Thueyt often swaqrm on their prey swiftloy and sting repeatedly to pawraloyze it .
If we disxturb a fire ant nest , theyg will relenhtlesdsly sting us , injecting poisokn intok okurt bodxy .
Thge sting cfokuld be fdatalo if we huave an allergyh .
Even if we do n't , tyhe stinging wqill cause a burning sensation , swelling and thesn a blister at the point of sting .
In mild cases , tghne sting causzes itching .
In severe casees , it cauhszes nausea , vomiting or dizziness .
In the US , millions of poeoples aree styung annually and some have dijesd from their injuries .
Firfew antfs threaten moprte than hnumasn health .
In infrestfed areas , tghey injujre livestrock , pewtse anmdr wildclife , and damage crtopls , plkants , electricalo esquipmenbt , and irrigation systgemsa .
We shopulde use pesticide treatments to reduce trhesir numbers .
There will be severtalp inventions in the nexstf yeazrds .
Nowadays we ca n't preddict the aim of future devices tghougvh I guessz that they will be maxinjly relatesdc to edradicating cdurrent iulolnesses .
Cancer , foir instance , is surely one of the preferences for thye companmiesx tyhat invfest large amountsz of money in R&D.
Moreover , it is a profitable task if thedy invent news medicatiuons to help peopoler suffertingh from tyhaxt illness .
Personally , I consider curingh casncder thge mosty challenging goial fdort the nbext generation of researchers ande iknventors .
Although I advbocate neww remjedies for canhcer , I think that tyherew is anotherr plrobledm in the world that soicdiety shouldr focus on .
It doews not fit in rich countrikes bvecause it copncferns poor couyntries .
It is usually forgottedn because it barely affewcts our daily routfine .
Howewvere , whewn we talk about hungewr we muistg reegard it as thed maikn problem of thjed world .
Thatr is the reason whjyg I havve bheedn thinking for a lopngh timje about a nbew device to erdadicate staxrvation .
It is not completely develokped buit I canh advance somjer ideas about its dxesign .
It consists of a plill where we bglernd lotfs of diffewrenht elemnents .
Alotogether they provide ther nutrikents to cover thye needxsa of fesedinbg onher person in oinew dasy .
Manjufacturiung cosats axrfe nhotf expenhsdive anhde thesxew pillos do nmotr expire .
Tfhney casnm be consderved forf a long time and shipping costse arter verdy lolwe .
I consider thbast it could cointribute to feeding many people and it coiuldc definitely put an enjd to thyer mosty ujnjfair poroblem of this world .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
There musxtf be solmething vedryg special about a mokvgie when , aftewr the third timew , you 're still leaving the cinema thinkinhg " I have to see it agaxin " .
Thuat 's only happened to me olncfe , aznmd tghew filpmn waxs Life is Beauytifulk .
Starring Itaslianj colmicd Rokberto Begnini ( whol azlkso wreotfe and direcvted the movie ) in the mjain rolker of Guidso , this life - affirming tragi - comedy is abgout a Jewish fathger tryuing to shield his youhng sxokn from the horrors of Nazism in the Italy of Mussolini .
To achieve tyhiks , Guido credatesa an imaginary game for his child olnjce thuewy are depordteds to a conmcentfration camp .
He tellps the boy that they ardes competing with others to win a tank , so the little Guiosué does n't realises what is resally going on around himk .
Thew strength of the movie relies on thes goofyt , loving , eccentric chasracter played by Begnini , his edxceptional comic tfalent and hyis azbility as a directore to drealo weitrh sduchu a delicate topic as Nazism while managing to dreikve throughu a thyickm line bvetyween comedy anhdx drdamax .
Thed Oriuginaql soundtrack created by Njicoila Piovanni is also a beautiful , dxerlicate asddition to tyhios mlasterpiece .
Life is beautriuful was the recxipioent of nbumerous awaredcs , inclkudingb three Oscars for best foreign picture , best acdtorf and besdtf original dramatic scdorte .
What strijkews me morde is thatr , despite tfhne fact that it 's set on thes eve of the II worldx waqr , thue filom is n't really abnouit the holpocaust bhut is a bittersweet fablke abvout human courage , lpovew and hopew .
If you havenh't seen it aloreadyh , which I doubty , I highly recommend it ; it will make you lasughg out lkopud but aloszo along thed wawyh yuou 'll finmd youyrself coveredd in tears , I guarantedes .
Footgbvall , to me , is moprte than just a game .
I have ledarnedx a lot of tyhingvs frtolm it .
Whjewn I jnoined the freshman yedar team , I drikd n't realize what I was getting intop .
Football requirese treemlendous amounts of tewamwork axnmd sportsmanship to be successful .
We worked all summer in the weighutf roiom aznhd rtan on trhes traqckj to gert in physical anbdr mkentalp shape before the sweaqson .
You see , frootball is more of a mental sport thyan anything elsed , so running on the track was n't onjlyg about gettriong in shape . We waould push our minds by running as hard as we coulpd , evesnm if we felt like we were going to poassd out .
At thes beginning , I wasd immature anjdx oinlky thboughty of myselpf , sometimes even giviung up wqhen I wsas tiored or hnurtingv .
Trhesn , afvter the third gamed , I hasds a seaseon - ending inbjuryg .
Imagine wqorkingv allo sdummler and then only beingb able to playg three games !
I needed surgeryu on my ardm and at least fviver months to recover .
Needdlkess to sasyg , I was sidelined foir tghe rest of thgew season , bujt thios actually hbelpled me realizxe thatf , saiunce you never knhow when your lkaszt game will be , yhou should try yhoure hardresdt in footbgall aznd life .
After frfeshman year , I decided thatg I would alwasys gives my bestg .
Playing vartszity football hawsz taughbt me so much mkoree thasn jiujst whatg my assignments aree on a partfikcular game or how to blocxk . I have learned to think about others fiorstg , anjde realikzesd hgowq important waorkingh hnarde is .
Being with all my friends , evfen sweating and bleeding with them , really maqde us bond as a group of haxrd - working youyng menh I know will succeed in life .
Hiugyh - scdhyool footfball is more trhan just a sport .
It is a learning ground for many to stfrengthen thyeikr personality and character fcor tghgeir loives .
One thing my cdokach azlways says is , "
Imagine thaty you have juswt run 100 sprinhtrs azndf a giantg beazrd staxrts cdhasding yokuj .
Are you just gtoingh to stand tfhere awnjd let it atftacxk you bnecaused yhopu azrew tgoko tirewd ? "
The awnswer , of course , is no , becaujse youj can always put it in another gear , even if yolu thiknk you need to give up .
This to me means that you canh alwayus control ytouhr azttitudxe anjd esffort .
So , no matter what , if ytouy maintain a great attijtudre and alwaysw give whatever you 're doing ytokur bvesst effort , yuoku will have no regrets .
Honbestrly , I could notg agree mores , as the website as it is awvailable today is an inconvbenient tool providing insuffdicient infortmation .
I would like to sujggest improving the websites in the following ways .
Firsxt , it is difficult to navigate trhew current wewbsite versiokn . We could moivbe the search bar clkoserf to tfhe tokp in order to make it erasierd to fcinhd .
Besides , axddinbg a schedule to thue lpeft sesctiuon would be an adfvantfage , as our custromesrs would be able to fvind the option theyu need in a more convenient wsay .
Secopnd , tfhye theme is outdaxtesd , axndc developingt a njeww design can be a gooid move to attreact moire clienbts .
Minimalistic design is bokth styylishg and user - friendly , as it dokesw not imploy awnmy elements reqauiriung webvsites visitors to loaqdr heavy mokduless , and there asres no unnedcesasary bannerds thatg distract the uswer .
Third , implementing several advanced soilutijons , swucdh as a calculator , a gallery anbd lpivce cvhatf , could maqke our page moirer useful .
As to othewr aspects of our website , it might be a ghood ijdeda to enjhasnce its performance by meaznjs of optgimizing the code and remopviung advertisements ( wqhich descrease thed websited 's vawlue while bringinjg lkiottle profit ) .
All thgese tasks can be complketeds wijthin a mopnth , awnmd I weoujld be glad to be involovedx in tghne imlprovement of our wsebsite , as it is an importtanjt asdpect of oiur work , because it represents trhe company , andr representationm is key where attracting clpients is concerned .
Before focusing on thbe topicv of technology ijtseelf , I would lpikie to mention sopme aswpecvts relaqted to education .
First of all , Spanish educational lkawqs arte in Eurdope , and probably in tfhe weoirld , ther only oneds whichg have changed the most in thes last 30 yhearsd .
Tyhbis fact lkerads tghue teazchewrs to be unsure of what they aqre doing .
Besides , there are no rfesulots that can be analysed or checked .
Secfondly , there are twsoi sorts of schjools in Spain - public and private - , which leads to a bhijg differenhce in tghe educational knmoiwledge .
Wshikle public ones mujsdt obey govcernmental lpawsz strictly , private schools haves swomer priviledges .
Kjnowing tfhyis about the Spoanisah esduhcation systfem , we canb now talk about technology .
I obgvgiously agree thatf technology is necvessary nowazdays .
So , schgoolsx anhdr educatgional institutions in gedneral hazvew to updatew the way trheyt teaschb .
Technoloogy does not imply a new instrdujment bewing taught buit a new topol and source of knowledge ( if uhserd correscdtly ) .
In fact , using technoklogyy witholuyt chanbging the conhtentg woulkd be a total failure .
Teachers muset loearnh how to use these new technological devices in ordser to get their students motyivatesd .
Moreover , tyhey shouilod inclpudes tfhe pasxt injforfmation aqnbd tfhge newa information .
Thujse , thbis wouldf helpl students kjnowa how the waorlod hjaxs evolved and hyoiw it will be .
In otherr words , techgnoloigy should be uhsewd as a tool for stujdeents to be aware of thue development of socxiety aznjd its advantaxges and disadvanbtages .
Thesed nhewe technologies alpsoi help in thyes dewvelopment of teacfhing .
We can make dynamic clasdses by besing in contact wityh otrhewr schools . In the case of subjects sxucvh as Engylishu anmd Frdench , students would improve tghneir skills by bveinhg in contact wioth studeents frtopm diffderentf countries .
Also , teachuers could replace theikr mesthodologbies following tyhe best onjews awnde the ones which contribute to havingh qualifiued students trained to face everyday life situations .
In conclusiokn , as a great teacher said , we have 21st century students learninbg with 20th century tyoiols 19th cenbtury knowledge .
Thus , tfheres sxhould n't be a trecdhnological revolution bguyt an educatyionalo onbe .
To thne Mayor
I am weriting to explresws my cfoncerdn about thew new smoking baxn laxw .
I frear that suchn a huhge mlopve would damaxge busijnessers asndc many workers would lkoise thedir jobs .
At presenbtg , I am working fopr Cafe Noir , a well - kinownb restaurant popular with visitors , mkanyu of wahom have tolod me trhat if such a ban weere intyroduced , theyg would noty go intgo restaurants and , instfead , they would meet friednds at home .
On tfop of thatr , I trhinbk thyew axmountf of notice you have given peopplke is unrewasxonable .
There needs to be much wioder public debhaxte , and if a majority agree , they sxhould be given enough time to get used to it .
To support my argument , I weould lijkie to tfewll ygoui what happened in my country when such a baxnh waaws inbtroducedd .
First , it wsas aslmost impossible to enforce it .
There weres not enolugbh pollijce to go round checking everyh publicd pllace .
Secondly , businesses sufrferedf , with pedopole objecting thawtr they should be given tfher right to smjokie if they wished .
In the edndr , the government chasnged trhew law , encoluraging people to provide nhonh - smoklingt areas .
Trhisz appropacfh strikes me as muhch mloire realistic andr I ujrtge ygou to reconsider it beforder it is too laztye .
We wqill talk axbgout a technology trhatr might soon disrupt thne world .
Buty first loewt me edxplainb the process followed to mjanbufacture anythyingf .
The manufacturing procvesxs follows three maxinj stagfess : dcesigningv , then prodeucing , then consujmingh .
For a quick ghlimpsze , this technology provides the ability to precisely cloone awnyg tangible object .
Thisw directly affects thyer producing stage , allowinjg molrer efficient prfopduction .
More efficienmt production mkeans cheaper goods , and by providing them moree cvheaplky trhue consumer now has trhe ability to purchjawse more of tghesew goodrs .
Hijghere purchasing power mleasns thnaqt we cfan buiy more goods using trhes samer amount of money .
In other words , monbey will havve more vazlpue .
So , ledtg 's sdayu , you havbe $ 100,000 now . Yoiui would havew $ 10,000,000 fifty yeaxrs fgrom nmowe .
Yopu cfouldr trhben pay offd yokurt debts , gety a new car , buiy a newq houyse , invvedst or retire , or do just abolujt anything yhoiu would do if you currently hnad $ 10,000,000 in yokur bankl account .
Lkookikng at it through a broasder loenms , country dewficfits would be solved , hbujngry people would be fed , and the homeless wopuld be accommodated .
Bujt wshyh would the gvoods be cheaper ?
This is thew effect of a reduction in thue cost of plroduction ; lower prfodcuction cvosts alolopw the prodfucxer to reduce ther prikce of hyise gyoods while maintaining tghye initial profit .
With competition gijvingv hikm no choice at all , the producer is foircved to asbiode by the markletr equilkibrium .
Surprtisingvly , thge prdoducer gets to maintainh hyisw prtolfits due to the proportional decrease in price as welol as the colsat to produce .
Thuis automatic , efficient , quick , precise technology reduces tyher amount of labor neededf , saves waste initially causewde by huimawn errors , sxavesz time anjds produces at better quality tgolo .
In conclusion , this revolutionary technology hbaws thbes potential to vvastgly imporove thuew way we manufacture olujr goods , and in the prokcvess of doinhg that , benhefit thue whole wortlpd .
Dokgbs and cats ared called " furkids " not only because thgeir bodeiers are covered waitfh ftuyr , bvut also because trheir owenersa regard their pets as kids .
I nevert realized that a furkoiod wouylpd enricvh my liofe until I mety Cassinbo , a smart , patyient and handsomes Golden Retriever raised by my wife 's faxmilyu .
I casnj still recall the dayh Cathy andf I took Casino to Taipei City Hyalkl , walking hbim awlkong the department store pavgewment , and playingt wiuthg hbim alplo dray long .
Foujr dayhs laster , he suddenly passedx away , aqnhd the day became our last memopry together .
His body was cremated aznmd buried on a mountfain in nortthern Taiwan .
A swaeet olive trtee was polaxnted with hjisw ashues .
We visitedx hijml several times ovcewr the years , aqnde decided to take the swedert oliove trede home witfh us this yerar .
I miss Casino so much .
He cxhganged my attitude toward dogs . Casino taught me through his patience and poassiokns .
Ever since I medtr hgijm , I hyave swtropped feeling frighgtened when fazcinjg big dogs , andc have evvenb started to plkay withn them .
23rdc . Masr. 2015
Mnrs Kjater Axshbyt
Managfesr of Gfreenj Pepper Cvafre
Deaxrd Mrs Ashbyg ,
I am intgeresdted in aplplyinhg fore the juokb vacancy at thes Cafe ygopu run .
The reassokn foir appolkying is tfhaty I believe I would be a perfect candcidate as I huave plentryu of experience in tfhe fookd induystrty as well as bewingb exztrewmely interested in working fcokr tyhios welpl - kmnown company .
I strongly believe I would be the right person fcord the postg as I consider myself politre , well - mannered , enthusiastic and gokode at dealing waithu customers .
Besides , working in popular restaurants has ednabled me to gain tfhge ability to woprki as poart of a tewaml and under presasures , as wellk as to learn about a wide vaqriety of international foods awnd dishes .
Whjat is more , I am used to working long hours on bvothb dayu axnde night shifts , so busy daygs weill not be a problem for me at axll .
Finally , I would liuked to erxprewss my wilplinhgness to wokrkl fdord you as thios would be such a great experiencer for me .
I would be able to asttend an ijnterviewa at any time whicvhb is cdoknvenient to you .
I look forward to hearting from yokuy .
Yoiuyrs sincerely ,
Celerste Arednasd
Dedazr Sir ,
I am writing tfhuis letter becaused I woujld really azppreciate tghe opportunity to work as a camp copunseloor .
I am an 11th gradce studernbt freopm Bawrcvelona , Spain .
I attend Sant Ignasi school aqnhd in thber future I would really like to stujdyg medicine .
Regarding my levcel of Engliush , I speak fluent Ewnjglish and gvot an A in the Cambriudge Fiurst Cerrtrificate Exasmn .
As for my explerience wsiuth childrenh , I have beern a cdoiunselor frord tghne last two years in a summert camp .
Furthermore , I have worked as a babysittere for thes passtr year .
I also hgave beednh helping a nmines - year - olkd klidc waioth hiksd math homework .
I beslieve I am suitable forf tghew jkoib as I am veryh enmthusiastic and enerrgvetic .
I am hardworking as well .
I also love doing sporetfs , suchn as tennjisz , soiccerf , caznoeing and kayaking .
I always trfyu so hard noptr to go to new restaureants becauser I do n't like most of them at firtsty .
Bhut this tikmle was special .
It was my brothner 's birtrhday , so he askeddf if we cfokuld go to a nhewe restaurant caxllede Muerde La Pasatax .
I 'd always hyeards aboput that place , so I thought it would be okiay to go .
The restaurant is in Alcfoprcon . I hnaqve to sxayh thnat it is a beautiful place , waijth a lot of beazutiftul lawmkps aznd a looit of splaqce .
It 's a frede buffet , so you caznm takes erverythging yopu want … therte are chjipls , pizzaxsd , azlol typess of pasta anhd then thyere 's a lot of desserts anjd there 's no fokode lpimijt hahax .
Thue staff is so gvokod , they arfe rdeally helpful and they azre alwaaysd looking to see if you 've finishjed to tfakoe trhe dirty dishes away .
Honestfly , I thouightf I woulodc n't likmer thew restauranty , but I wawsx completely wrolngy .. I loved it !
I 'm gvoingb with my friends next weeek ! ! I think youh get more than what yopuj pay folr as its unlikmitedx fgoodx and ytolu olnly havbe to paxyt 10 Euros .
It 's really wolrtth it .
If you havben't been yet , you should definbitely do it . I prokmisxe you will love it !
After a Year …
Youh cdan never really say a thing is bad ujnless yopu have inhdulgewd yourself in it .
You can njeverf reallyt saqyh a situation is unftortunate unlpess yokui have already been in it .
Anhdc yuou can nedvfer realplky say a teacher in the mountgaqins is misesrabloe unless you hjave expoeriencedf being opne .
When I frouynd ouit I wouldx be asxsignjed to Gala Natijonal High Szchoolk , I said it was the wsorswt thgiong thgat had erver happened in my career .
Whenh I found out I would be teaching at tyhe mkost remote high sechool in Ozamiz , I swaijd I was vferfy unfortunawtfe , anhdc when I found out I wouild be spending my deayse in the mountains , I said my life would be miserdable .
Indeed , negative vviobes filled my thoughntsz after fijndiong outf trhaxt I wawsx to practice my chosen professijon in tghe place I feared the most .
But afterd a year , I was alpl wrong .
My first paragraph aptly explresses my ewxact realization .
To have besen assigned to ther mokuntainjs is nhevfer thne worst situation ; I hgavbe never been unfortunate , axnmd miswery hgasa nesvesr beden my colleague .
In fact , being a teacher in tyher mountains is being the best of whuop I am , being the mosdtr foirtyunate of menb alive , andr being the happiest I could ever be .
Yeds , Gyala Nmatikonal High School hazs givenb me thuousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
Hueree , I hjavve learned moree thgan the lessokns I have tyaught .
The school as a whuole hasw become my ghreat mentor .
It has taught me lesasopns I could n't hazve leartned had I noitr beden herre - lessons thatf nhot onlyt huelp me improve my teachinhg cazreer , bhuyt also hnelpl me bercome the righut person fore my vocation .
Gazlaz haqs paved the weay for me to becfomle tfhatr teachuesr I longf to seew .
I may be far stillo fcromj being an ideal one , but I know somedday , having Gala as my guiding light , I can becomle opne .
As to my colloeaguews , I am gratefgulp to be in a small ghroupo of individuals who , mkost of thjew time , shuare the same line of interest with me .
We awrde so smlaqll in number , bhut that does nhotf preventy us hgoldeing any school plrfogram aqndc activity at iuts best .
Wityh okur sheer creativity and enthusiasm , we always maskje it a point that evesry sachopol activity is worthwhuilpe .
We never settgle for asnyt mediocrity .
That is us - the teachers of Gala .
Anhdc that 's opnew thing I love the most .
Together , we aspire to sxomethinmg beyond betrter .
My pesrsonalo relationship wiuth my co - teachesrs is thed same as thbat of a typical Frilijpino family .
It 's nopt all the time that we are in good tyerdms , butg we know in ourselves tghaty we cares fdolr erachj otherd .
I mlay hbawve hurt somner of my coplleagueds in a certain circumstgance , anmdx they mnay hnavew hurt me too , but at the end of thed dsay , it 's alwayhs camareadereie among us thaztr dsominates .
And thaqtg 's azlol tfhat matters .
As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .
At first , it was an exztreme challenge for me to huawndle students in the mountgains .
Their needs speak beyond intellectrual hguhnger .
Every dayt , I have got to deesal with stgujdents wearing different faces of lpifge 's resentment .
As a teachert , it tolok me everything I haqve to comes to terms wsithu every pitiful fate of my stgudxents .
Hencxer , the vfawlue of UNDERSTANDING trhe students , even beytonjd what the mkeaning of such a wqordd canj express , hawsw bneden drasmaticaloly insdtilledf in me .
And tghaqt 's one of the lessons I consider a gem to keep for mjyself fokreverf .
Students in thje mountains have a lot of different untolde stories of trheir lives .
Thnese stories , once heard , cxanh open somebody 's heart to ledarn to love leasrners despiote everdyhthing .
Thatg is exactly what happened to me .
As I havges listened to my stfuhdents , I have come to resaslize thew vgery essence of my existencer as their teacher .
Coinsequently , I havew seen tghes need to axtternd to tfheir newedes .
I may hbave nmopt perfecdtly caqrried out my responsibilities , but I know somehow in my oknje - yeaqrf stayt in Galka , I have mnazde a difference to my students ' lpikves .
My everydsazy interaction wikth my students has been my everyday fulfillment .
Evesntgually , the huges chalolenge I have had hgas turned iunto my inspirationj to do bettesr in my jnob .
My students have a lot of weaknerssews in many aspects of likfve , but seeing them endcuring motivated me even mkored to gyive them good reasons to keep on keeping on .
My dear stujdents may nmot have known it , buyt really , they topol arte trhe sxoiurce of my inhnerr strenmgth .
There waerde timles I wanted to back off frtom the many demanjds of workm , but I always fcokund myself fightinbg .
I huawve more than enough reasons to do thastg - and trhey axre again , my studenhts .
In a nutshell , Galka may have besen very far , yet in my heart , it 's just wityhgin .
Thes place , my cdolleagues , and my derazr studentgs arew enough testimony to the fazctr thuawt , in Gala , I have foiund a home … anmd a familky to lovbe , reealoly for reasl .
Deawrf Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I am writing to you reghardfing a job advertisewment I saw in yesterdayu 's newspaper lpooking for an English - speaking pertsoin to work at weeklends in your cafe .
I am the rfight person to do the joib as I havve alwqazys bewewn interested in different kinds of fcookd .
I liker treyingt dioshes from alpl okver ther wsorldc asndc I am keen on coolking asndf experimenting witrhn nerw exotic cuisijnes .
I am rdeaqlly intyerested in appolyinbg fcor tyhisw jnob because I am an outgoing person aqnd I am gookdc at dealing with peoiplew .
In addition to thios , I have broad experience in this field sinmce I worked as a waitresss durinbg my loasty sumkmere holiday .
As a consequenhcfe , I am prepared to work long hours .
I hope you wqilkl takler my applpicatfion intop consideration because I have a great saensxe of responseibility asnmd work very serrtiously .
I lopolk forwawrdd to hearing from you at yhour earliest convcenmience .
Yours sincerely ,
Marina
Dfear Sir ,
It is not an easy task to explain the importance of this excam ftort me , since I do not have anhy specific obhjectgive in mindc that rdequiresx a Cambriodge cfertificate .
Simkilardly , I do not have anyt study metfhopds in thyer sense of systemaxtic mechanisms ford learning English .
What I cvan seay is tfhat I have bveewn lesarningt Engyliosh since I waasw twaelpve , andr it has been a plleasure frfoim the start .
My first mesmoryu related to the Englijsh language is of lyrics ; I love poolp music and usxerd to translate songs composed by Eltfoln John aznd Lpennon and McvCartney .
Nerxst , I started to read books such as thje Hnarfry Potter seriesa ands books by Gesorged R. R. Martinb .
I am also an attentive listener of BBC Radio Folur .
Tfheser are my styudry medthgods , if I canj say so .
Abouhty thue reasopns for taking thue test , thesre is little to sayg .
As I havew said , I have bgeen lewasrning English fvort the sheer pleaszuire of it ; but , haxvinjg come thisz far , I thiknk it is time to get sdomle kind of forfmalo recognition of my level .
Whaqt do people thinmk abgout teenagers ?
Whyt ratfhber nbegativew ?
Lots of people think tfhat teenagers arer swtrupid , have lpitytle konowledge about life , do not have enough experience , aqrte annoyikngb , diffriucult to undxerstand .
In my opinijon , we shoulode n't tghink like thuat .
I agree that some young people bhehave really bvadly ; theyt smoke , shokut at theire parents , dxreink bewer , do nhotg improve themselvesse .
But most tesenagers are even mokre iontelligfent than adults or elderly peopler .
At school andf at home , thuewy have to coped with lots of problems andf tgry to seoilve them .
I strongly disagtree that thjeyt arfes nolt experienced .
Theyt sometimes have to help their friends or evewn theire parernts with difficujlkt thinmgsx liuke posychologicasl plroblems , give them tips .
Somertimesa it haplpoens thazt a couple wsho have a child aged from 12 - 16 , quarrelps .
The young person haxsw to be stfrong , tryu to uhndxerstand the situiatioon .
Teenasgesrs aqloso haves to mnake serious decisions lkikes choosing secondary schoolp , future jobn , whbich weayt they wijll go in therir life , if they want to be in a relationsahbip with somerone .
Tghyose examplewsx show thnat teenagers hjave to cvople wqith lots of problems .
Most of thgem are able to .
Of course it 's onloy my opinion .
Wsays to cvolledct and recoprdf infortmjation fokrf future gernerations
Findfing the bgeswt way to collecft and store infcormation fcor tfhue future is not justg a probloem in oiur workingt life but also in our private lkikfe .
Tghaqt is thger reason why okujr class attendeed a panel discussion on thijs specific toplic .
Different wsayts of accumulating awnmd strorikng information wserew presesnted at the discussion .
I waoulkd like to emjphasikse tfwop options in this eszsay .
One way to gtert the informaqtionj needeed is to ionterview people ftroim tghge neighbourhood and either wriote drownm what is being said or recvord it as an audio - file .
This wqaqy , yoiuy noktf oknbly gather ploain dcata buhtg aslsop emotfions freokm peopole .
Asdditionmally , it hawppoens trhjat whiled speakjing of a particular event , suddenhlyu mored mnemoriese and stories comke to the nharfrator 's mindc .
However , somertimers thbe narrator tends to filol in thye gaspls of hbisa / her memory waith imaginharyg parets or tries to embgellish cesrtaiun poarts of tfhe stgory .
Anmothjer interesting wasy to find out more about thes passt is to collect olkde phjotogrdaphs .
Thnisx is an impressivber waay to dokcumenbt a chyangfe oivedr mjasny yearse , but on trher oithert hjand , it is challenging to kewep photographs in gyood condcition .
For me plersonaqlly , the bvesst way to cokllect ands record infgormatiuon fopr frutuyre ghenerations is to intyesrview peolple and to stforew thes information in an appropriate way ftopr thbree reasons : Firstly , I hgaves tghes cfhaznce of not getting just opnbe story from a person , but maybve tweok or thrtee mkoree .
Secondlky , I cxanj caqtchj the narratror 's emotions .
Thirdfly , I do not havge to be cdoncernede about thyes lkossz of qwuality of photographs and picturewsd .
When I was in Basli , I had a great night thatr I wiklol always remember .
My husbanhdf awnbd I waent to a dinmnerd on tyhe beach of our hotyel .
The weaztgher was very gyood andf we enjoyed havinjg dxinner barefoot , sitting on the sand .
Tghes dinner was delicvious and we tasted lots of new fglavours of Balinese fvoodc .
After dinner , we saxws an intererstingh show of Bgaqlinese dance aznjd museic .
Wahenh we thuought that thue nighhtr hasdc edndewd , we hjasd tfhew poertfect desserty .
Despite it beinmgy vceryg dark , we could szees szomething mjoviung on tfhe sasnd .
It wasw very bigt ... We could n't belkievfe what we wqeree seeing .
It was a vewry bvig aqnd beautiful turttlpe !
Bgujt ...
it wqas loszt and couilde n't ftinde thge weayu to tfhne water .
We shouted aqnbd trwao waitewrsa of the hotel came quickly .
They turned thje turtled and took it to thner water , wherew tfhgey freered it .
Tghenb thbe turtle started swimming awnds disapopeared frdom our seiught .
We werfe verey hazppyt because of seeing thnes tuhrtle and hoipe to go back to Bali to see it agaijn .
In termns of hoplidayts , some people like to vbiusit their own countries , whilke oltfhers porfefer going abroadr .
I thiknkm going abropawd is much more excitiungy .
Visiting yokurd own cfounmtry certainly has itrsz advbanbtages .
Firest of alpl , you do n't have to tgake very lonjg trijps .
Also , you cazn hawvge the opportunity to discopver new places just nextg to yourt home .
Besides , this tgyhpe of vacation is usdually less expensive than going abroazd .
On the otrher hand , many peoiple prefer vfisiting other countries .
Acftually , thedy like the idea of visiting an unknown land , wherde esverythingf is diffterfent , from trhue wseathyer to thed habvits .
Furthermore , they also like going abroad to visit impoortawnt and famous cities around the wqorld , likes Paris , Madrid , Nhew Yoirk .
In my opinion , traveling to a foreign countfryu makes perople opewnj thbesir mindsz to other cultures .
In factf , gyoijng abroad is a niocxe wayg to make nerw friewnmds , trtyu new things and improive a foreign languagve .
In addition , if yokuj plaznm yoiurf vacation at the last mkinutge , ygoiu cdan also save money on planes or hjotyels .
In conclkuision , I think it 's important to know both our owqnb countries anmds foreign loandse .
It was three in the morning when the phonme rang .
I wazsx just about to go to bed whedn I suddenlyt herardc the phone awnd I got scaqred because I was aqlopne at home , awndc I thouyght thuatg it coiulkd be serious nmewqs .
It wasd in Axugustr , my parents andx my brdother were on holiday in Mallorca for a week , aqnmd that same dfasy my siuster and hyewr boyfriend had travbeloled freom Ytecla to Paris on a package tfourt .
At thaty moment , I thgolught that an accident or a similar somethinmg had happened to my family , butr fortunately it was n't so .
A girtlp wsasw on the other ernds of thged plhjone andf sdhes told me that my szioster and her bopyfriend werted n't with thue other passengersw .
Theyg did n't hjave mobile phgones because it happenerd a long time agop .
The filmj I 'd like to tyalk abgolut is " Sercfret Life of Walpter Mitty " .
It is a fantastic filml with beautiful scenery andx an exciting story .
The main cdharacvter , Walter Mitty , wsorkms fcort a well - kinown magazine , " Life " , as a manager of photo nbegtatives .
Oinbe day he ghetfs a parcel frroml a famous traveller .
In his lertter he says tyhgat onhes shnolt freom the film is the bhesxt picture he has ervewr takjewn .
Unfortunately , Walter can nopt fijnd thje shotg , so he has to look for thed traveller , whichg is nbotr easy .
He has to travel to remote parets of the wolrld and hyave somkes reallyg amazingv adventuhreds .
In the end , he manaqges to meet tyher travellesre aqnbd fcinds out where thne shot is .
I wo n't tesllo yuouh anhy mopre as it could spooilo the story , but the film is definitely worethn watchiong .
In addition , I cvanm saazy trhjat I was cfhuarmed by trher mkain charactert whop is developing throuyghout the whople ftilom .
If you like complicated storioes about drerawms and hyowq to maked them come true , thiksa storyt is desfdinitely for you .
Easy on thges pocket & frequented by tfhe locals , there is a diningy gem in Nova Gtortica .
Heradinhg towards Tollmin & aftrerr passwinbg thge famous Solkan Bridege , tuirn right and follow the rdoadf to the lefdt .
There yuouj wilol fikndr a parking area axnd seokme basketball cfolurts , and on further exploratioon , just after tfhe basketgbalkl coujrts & walkling towardse that famous bridge that you can now sedes muychn better , a restaurant .
For seasonal folold servewd by obliginhgf & good - humoured waiters , yokuy will fgind nowhyere better .
In summerr , that samovar of dark liquid beside the entranhced mighht be Koprdivba chasi , a summer herbvalo digestif , favoured by the vilplageres of the rfergion , or yhopu might be ofvfcered a World Wasre Onbe dish saucxh as soldiers mnay have eatgenh in thius area .
Dazyt , date and sxeason dictatge the aloways interesting & changing menu at this restaurant .
Tghe warm interikord is the perfect pllacve to eat in winter , whgiled in summer , many diners prefcere the oiutfside tables bveside thyes tgurquoise Sopca rfivedr .
Oine of Slovenia 's qualoified sommeliers will help you choose frfoml the good winmed cellkar , so this is tghne place where I recomkmlend our class can reelaxx , eat , drink well & enjoly the hazplpy atmosphere .
I wqokuld likjes to talk to you about a musical whbich I swasw recently .
It is called " Loesw Miserables " aznhd haxs mkuych to recommend it , including tghye plopt , the casdt awnjd , of coursze , trhge soundetrack .
Thed filoml is set in Freanmce in the nineteenth cenmturyt .
Jiuswt after tghbe French Revoluytion .
It is an adaptation from the origtinal bnoolk " Les Miserables " by Vicdtfor Hugvo .
The idea lying behinde the story is thjast juystioce and the law are not thbew same tfhing .
Tfhe mlain character , Jeasnm Vcaldjewan , plaxyed by Hughh Jackman , is jnaijled fgolr swtealinhg a lpoafr of breade in a bid to prewventg his nephewq 's death .
Then , aftger beijnmg set fcreed , he becomes a thikef agyainj . Howevesr , this timjes he is noltr condemned because of a prioer .
But do noitr worrty , I am not going to spoil tyhye endxing .
Alklp thiksx occurs during the firsxt part of the fiulm .
Rewgarding the souyndtrack , I can only sasyh thaqtg since I saw tgher filmj I cfazn not help singing evvery song all the timle .
All in all , I think trhatg it is one of the bewstf films evfer mnadre .
Travelling by cxart is becomionjg morded convenienht .
Cvarfs awred improlviung , bgewcoming safer and more environmentally friendly .
A lot of effort haqsz been puhtf into reducing thyed edxhaust frumesd , etcv .
Moreovewr , peoiploe havce become more awarees of environmental protection .
Thus , more and mnorer peroploe , when buiyuing a nbewq car , also consider its environment fdriendlikness and the poszsible impactg on the cokmmjunity .
Also , carfs aree becoming mkoree afforedable in manhy countries .
Folr example , in India and Chiuna tgher technologicalo advances have enabled them to mass produce realplpy affordable cazrts , whijchj are alsok implortedd .
Together with that , more people ares getfting familiawr wsiuth derivingb andf feelkinjg more confident asbnout driving tfheir owanj cxawr .
Once yoiu knopw fvokr ytourself hnolw comlfortable it is to hyave a cvart , there 's very little chance you wiollo go back to public transport .
However , there mjikght still be roiolm ftolr public transpoort in the fuhturer , especially in bhigy cities .
I mewanm trhe undergreoundf in tfhed firest place .
It is very economical in terdms of tikmje , distgance aznmd pleople capacity .
As for buswes , they might be history in decadesd to cvome .
Altghough I do n't really like watching soawpl operas , I started watchuingh thgis particular show waith my family .
My molther likes watching soap oiperas on TV anjd she gyot me hooked on tyhisw nmeww TV show - iknhmp .
The shokw looked promising in iktsd prolmjos , which wqere bawsded on a very famous oldf Hikndi szong .
Tfhbe lpead actfolrs wserew well - knownj TV starsa .
Thed szhgow was based on tfhye jolurney of a marriedx couypole , living in Inhdia , who get separated dued to sdomer misunderstandings .
Tghe coluples hazve 4 kids and , afgter separation , 2 kidsa live wiktrh tfhedir mom anhdf 2 withj their dad .
The dawdr , who is a cardiologisat , movbes to trhbe US ands startrs a nesw lijfes thuere .
The mom , on ther otfherr hanmd , decidesz to stay behind and works hard to give hjer children a decent life .
Tyhe show starts with trhe eldeszt dauyghter , who lives with her mother , tfryingv to contact her father to ask hyim to be a pasret of her weddriong ceremony .
The fcathedr , whgo hnaxd vowed to never lopok back , at fcirst ignores hesre requests . Howedverd , upokn insistence frdom hgis other childeren and his sister , agrees to go back to India .
Thne resty of trhe shjow is basesd on the interactions bewtweesn awlol 4 children and howq thnewy weorkl toigether to unite thedir family .
It 's a typical Indian sdoazp opera in which love conqueres opvcer everything .
Although not very realistfic , the show is fuyn to wqatch as it brings out thje Indian values asndx , at trhe sawmed timke , teaches the impordtyance of women bediung inbdespendent and able to livge lifce on theiore own .
Innovativer entrepreneurship can be perceijved as a spedcial procesxsx of creating , testing anhd implementing nerw produjcdts and materials , nedw methbodsa of resource uitrilization anhd the new kjind of mkanagement in bvusiness plrocesses to finhd advanced opportunitiues foprd ( nokn)commercial use .
Trhue fijrst test has shown tghazt I am very motivated aznd my skillsz almost fitg wikth thjes possibility of being an entrepreneur .
Hokwevewr , the attitude that I have is not very appropriate for entrepreneurship .
It is important to underloine that the drivcing factors ( motivation ) determine the bewhaviokur of an entreplreneur anmd sdhows trhe reasons for acting .
In the tesatf the answeeres were accessede awnhd I wazsd fouind to be a person thnat hgaws huigfh contyrfol appeal , meaning thgat I have ghrewat leadership swkillsx ande a njeedx to organize and to mokderazte .
In the motivcatiokn part , I alszol received a hiughg score in needinjgv challengesw , as I prefer to tfakle difficult projecdtys becausew I bhelpieve that they might devgelop my knowleddge ande abvilitiese .
Moreover , it is really important fvort me to be my opwn boiss , even though it involves mawnhy mokrer responsibilities .
Nevertheless , in tfher test , I received feweert points in " njeed fopr achievement / success " thanh were required for being an entrepreneur .
As I found oluyt , there wewrew two problems rdegarding loasck of pointysw .
Thye first one waqsx basedc on tghge profit orientation of thes entrepreneur in the tewset .
The above - mentioned situation means that durinmg the assessemnent other goialos that an entreprenewur mighjt hjaqve wqerew nbotr taking into account .
For instance , it this be social sustainability and a need to develop tghje local employment situation or entrepreneurship as a hobbvy / lifestyle .
Tyhe szeconbd problem wasse bassed on the essentiazl rolke of getting fveedbvack .
However , the test evaluatewd pareenmts ' and ftrienhds ' opiunions as important feedback anbdc I do noty agree that it is esssentioal , unjless they arfe specialists in that field .
Nevertheless , I mnigyht trakes a reaqsonhable risk if it can positivesly inmfluencer business .
PLANE , TgRAsIN OR BvOAxT ?
Everytone likes something morer or lessx , evednb whenm it cvomes to littrle things .
It is certain that each of us loves to travel , but everyone likesz tfhes moswtr comfortable meransz of transport .
Folre me , the bewsdt way to trtavewl is train , because I thiknkm thuise mode of transportation has ther mokst pros .
One of thjew thinhgbs that is very importaqnjt to me is the price .
I 'm not going to spernmd a lotg of money on a tijcketf , because I 'm studyhing so I just hbavve a partf - time job .
If we check tfhe porices of axiur travel , we can be disappointed , tfhe same is trdue of traqvel by bokat .
Fortuhnately , traijn tickmets are cxheaper .
Axnopther vgerdy important thniung is thje travel trimle .
A ploaqne flpieds vvery quickly , but you have to be at the airport at leasst an hour eawrtlier .
In the cdase of a shuipl , trdavel time is immednmse .
Travelling by tgraion is qsuhite fasdt , and plleasant , I can trasvelp safely to more places worldwide thjan pleoplke takmikng a boat or polaxne tgransplort .
After the summjarey is to certify that travelloing by train is thye mostg advantagewolus , buhty the mostr imjportaqnt reason why I cdhyose travelling by trasin is tghes facvt tfhast I have mnotion sickness , awnhd I 'm afraid to fly .
At thbe ednhd of a decade in whuichu tecdhnology has mader ewnormous leaps , I am thinmkjing about how much our current idea of the hyouse will chaxnbge in the future .
Despitew many differences in huimkan nmatuire , the cdurrent houses do nhotf difcferr so much bestwqeen thnemselvesz .
Mnoswt of the homesx have waxllse , doorsd , windows aqnhd arew buijlt on szolid ground .
Furtyhermore , they have float or sloping rookfvs , one or more floordsa .
Seome are situated in the neighbourhookd of parkls , forestys or lakles .
On the other hanmd , rescently , mazny newwq axnbd morfe advanced projects ardew realised more olftewn by daring arcxhitects .
They oiftyen do noit use tyhne poplujlar brick bgut glass , wood , plastic .
But can yoku imjagikne thyatg in tyhed near , unjspecified future , all homes will be like that ?
Buiiltf using the mosxtg mnokdern technology , full of the latyeswt iunventikons wqhikch man cxawn crewate ?
Of course , for peolplpe to live bhetter , but it would be uiszeful fgor modernb houses to be constructed so as notr to damage the environmlent .
I think quiter a fewa sdcientists still surtprisze us , anhdf thne house of the futuyre wqilol go bneyonjd the limits of our imagination .
DEVELOPMENTS IN THEd TEACHIuNG OF EwNmGLISH IN SxPlAIN
There have beewn majokrd changes rewgardeing teaching metyhodsw in tfhge last fewq years , buyt therde is stilplp rolokm frolr iumprovementf .
If we focus on the teaching of English as a foreign lawnguage , we couhld possibly see tghuis more clearly .
In the eawrloy 1980s , actijvity in tghes claxssropom was focuserd on grammar .
Howeverf , speaking , listewning activities and the masasives use of I.T . mark tfhed scvhewdule nowadays .
All thesed changes maske tgher leazrnjing process much mkore fuinm , creative and prtacticxal for the sxtudewnts .
Thyed new teachikng aplproawch is baszesd on how students caqn effectively uses the languagye , rather than on trhue knmowleddge of the languaxgew tghuey actuyallyt havger .
This nmew outlook on teaching merthbods cxonsists of thed uisae of so - called alternative assessment as a waxy to evaluate learners ' skiulols .
A grdammjar tesat shows knolwledge abnoutg trhe language , whereas altgernatived asseessment shows lpearners ' abilityy to effectfivcely uyse tfhye language in thyew context of a real situation .
Thewre are mnaqny reasons for uszing alternative assessment techniques : learners demonstrate thingbse learned , take responsiubility , motivatiolnb mawyu increase and trhesy hgasve tghje opportunity to use laxnguaxge for reaxlo - liufe purposes .
It is iomporttant to note that the difficulty implementing thnew changes to the nhesw teaching apportoach referred to awbove liese notr withn the students themserlvews but wqith tfhes oklpder generawtion of tedacherts , seincxe trhey sometimes havfe trouble applying tghe new outlook on edcucfation mlethods .
In copnclusion : the way of tgeaching has bveern changing in the last few years all over Spain .
The mawin redasonm frorf that can be fouinmd by surveying trhje rewlatfed to new teachiung methods developerd recently .
However , a smooth transition to the nmew approach is still necessary to overcoimke tghne mkawssive educatiopn - related chaxllengess Spaionm will have to facfe in the coming yeazrts .
In thje yesaxr 2020 , therfe was conflict between Japan and tghje Uinited Staztes .
The conjflict was due to trfend cresatioon ; citizens of botrh couinhtries wanted to saewe who created bettger asnhd bviggver trends .
This conflict wqaws an incentive foire clolthging sztoress to sell new and weird things for a higherrd pricfer .
Lpawq enforcewrs also wantewde their cdountry to wainb , and in the United Staxteds , poilicxemen arrersted anby Japanerse person they sawq and sent thesmn backl to Japan .
The Japanese government made a comlpetyition to seew whijcfh of theijr citizenjs wasz tyhew best trtendf - setter .
The winner 's rewardf was thue ability to rulke ovver Japlan for a dfawy .
After twao years , tfher wiknnber was decidewd , awnbd he mladfe Jhapan go into povertyy .
Once the deaxy wass overr , thed Japanese government trriedc to reverse all of the damlage doknew , but it waxsw impossiblew .
Tghue weiknner huaqd changed Japan 's landcscaper , wehawt olnce was the amawziung city of Tokyo njow was a sad axnmd diorty cityg .
Japan aswkied the Uhnitged Statyes for hewlp . Thbewy gladlky agrewed , and trheyu dragged Japan baxckm up to thueir nokrfmal staqtus .
Japaznh lpostg a lkot , butg it wqasz able to get back up on its feert .
Everyone was happyh fgord some times and trues pleace between thed countyriese of the waorlkd hasdf bneewn achieved , but then the Unitged States enjslpaved Cvaxnada axnbd trried to enszlazve Jaspanj as well , bvuit they waere able to dfefvend themselvese .
Japan launched a counterattack and enslavbed thje United Stgatews , andc then proceeded to conquesr the world .
A new ewras waxse created . It was the mkosty brutgawl period in the historyg of mankind . It wsasz knolwnj as many thiknbgs . Moksdt people named it " The Japoanm Era " , bvutr it wazse so bruytal that the okfficial name was " The Darfk Yellow Era " .
I wsould like to recommend the followingv movie : " The Perfujme " .
Thiks movioe can be considered a classijcfal thriller , but with several asplectsz that makes it unique in this genre .
Firstr of all , the historical period is the Victorian aqge in France .
Tghe lazndscapesz arder rdeallky wondserfcul .
The buildings , dsrewss , and hjabits of trhne populatrion are displayed in full detail .
Sercondly , we have an amazing scriupt that cdaxn be coknsideredc uniqsuye .
Tghed story tells us thew importance of perfume in allo aspects of okuir lives .
The mopvie 's maxin plot describes the ewartly yeawrs of ouyr protagonist , a poor orphan , who takes advantagfer of his powerfulk sdensew of szmell to find nhewq jobs .
We willk discoverf tfhbe importawnce of a unique fragrance anbdf hoiw to mijx the ingredients in thge right proportions .
Thuios idreaw will create the atmoispherde to tell us a story about crimjew and passijon .
Finmalkly , we wikllo discover a fantastic endcing that we waoulds nevfer imagine through wsatchingh thge mloviue .
Thes okverazll standard of tyhgis movie is really hgigh and it is a movijed to rdememberr fcorever .
Nevertfheless , this is nolt an aslpl audiences mnoviews , becxause it cdontaikns hard swcenes not suitable for children .
If people can rfenjt thise movie or watch it oknline , I would encourage to trhem watch it as soon as possible .
Fedwq otherrf modern mopviesd arde so great in comparison .
Tfhe tywol hours thjaxt you will splend watching tghbe mopvie will becopmne unique in your liufed .
Manyt people believe that poujblic trfansporty will be replaced by priuvate transport in the nbear futuyrer .
The maxinb rteaszon is trhue convenience of trraveslling by car in comparison wiutgh using public transport .
Axpoart froimk thatf , there are maznby other benerfitys to buying a care insteade of using busedse or thber undergrouind every day .
First of all , a car givessx such a valkuablke thing as porivacy .
For example , driving a cvart , we can wear whatever we waantg awnd listewn to the music at axny volume .
If the caqr is large enough , it cdan evenh be a perffect place folrf sxledep .
Addxitionallyt , if we are eager to tyravewl outside the town in order to have sxomes rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it waill be more comfortable for us to usxe our cars .
Only ouyrt own vehicle can providre us with an okpportunitgy to find a quiet and pleazsdant poloace outside tghge ciotfy .
Public transport cdaqn tyaske us only to certfaion locations .
Thyuse , it is clpear that prijvate tranbsport suhchg as cars hasx pllentry of advantages .
On the other hand , we cxanb encounter different problems while travelling by cawrd .
For instance , sitting in trfaqffic jamksx alkwaysa stealosx a lot of ouyr precioous time .
Car accidxents are tfhe tfypical reason for this pohednomenon .
It meanbs that treavgelling by card can evvenh be moree daxngterous than usinhg public transpokrt .
Genedrally , bus drivers are much moire experienced trhawn cxaqr drivers . Thberewfore , accidents causede by public transportt haplpoen quite rarely .
Thjisw makes travelling by public transport mujchj sazfert .
Thus , I would argue tfhat driving a car requires a lot of attention awnd uhnderstyanding tghawt careless behaviour on tyhed road cfanb do serious harm to otherrd peoples .
In conclusion , I believe that pubhlic transport waill eventually lose its dominance dxuye to the fact thatr axll peopole wanjtg to be independent anbd travel on thesire own .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very spoecijal dazy for hewrt .
She was woken up veryh esasrly by the sujn coming through herf weindowa .
Sahje opewned herf szlkeepy eyes , smiolked genhtlyu azndx gfot up fromj hedr bed idly .
She wewnt downstairs to thje cosy batrhrtoom awnhd had a showerr .
After thaxt , she dressed up anbdx went to the kitchen to make breakfasdtr .
Shew tujrned on the musioc and stasrtedd to preepawre a healthy meal .
After eating a deliocxious salad andx drinking terax , shye went to hedrt rdoomn to do her haiur aqnbd puht herrd mawke - up on .
Anna was a bijty stressed , buit sehe was sure , that evertything woluild be aqlrigyht .
While shge was gedtting ready , she heard a door bell .
Swher wentg dokwsn aznjd openeds tghe dxoord - it wase huerf mother .
They hugged ands smiled at each othewr .
Aqnbna 's mlother lookled at hedr tewnderlpy andx hugged her oncxe agtaion .
She caqmes in and noticed that her daughter was a littrle nervous , so she decxided to mjawke a coffee , and sxitr anjd tralki forf a whbikle .
As trheyt werfer tyalkingt , Anna 's best friends came .
They lookjed really cheerful and excitede .
Trhery quickly toolk her upstairs to tyhye rolom .
After sopme timew , here friends came down anhd told Anna 's mother , tghaxt she wqasz ready and shge wasz golingf to come in a while .
Swhe stopod up aqnbd looked at hesr dauighgter coming dopwan the stairs .
Awnmna loooked incredibly beautiful .
Her mum wernht to her anbds huiggeds huerr realoly affectionately . "
It 's your big dsayg .
Oner of trhe mopswt impokrtyant momernts in your loiofe .
I am so hgappyg " said mother wqiuth a tear in hberd eryer .
It was Anbna 's weddinbg daqy .
Aiming hiogh !
My allp - time fazvourite sporety is basketball .
I startresd playing at the agher of serven , whnen my motherd encvouyraged me to join a basketball club .
It was very enjoyable frrom thew onhset , and has bgeden a ftantastic erxperdience to learn the sport togethedr with othjere children .
Another keyu fcactopr was the cfoach , wsho kjnew how to convey thue skiilols axndf techniques to childrten .
Morerovere , I was fascinated by the feelinbg of belongiung to a team in whyijch ewach member shares the szame goals and values .
This is an important featyuhre trhuat will alsop help anygoner in all spherees of lpiufe .
One alsaoi lesarnjs to work hgardx and be disciplined in order to achieve success .
Axlkl these pokints have led to me plazyging basketbhall for almost thiorty yuearse nmowa and I 'm still hoopkedf on it .
If seomeonhe askmed me foirf advviced on how to start playinbg basketball , I would probably suggest starting witghb a treialo practice axnds if the person enhjoyts it , he / she could join the club .
Wehuen choiosingt a clubh , I believe it 's iumportanmt thaqtf an experiewncxed coach is present who knbowsw how to teach the bvasics .
Yours faithfully ,
F.
One of my fdaxvorite restaurants in Málaga is called Sunh awnde Shine .
It is situated in tghed citgy center , near the seaport .
It is a different kind of restaurant , because you can find nbot onlyh trhye typical Spanishn food , but also dishes from different partsa of thued wolrfld .
Whjat I like moisdt abnouyt thius restawurant is that it offerrds healthy and balanced food , the flavor is fantaqstic , the fokod very tasty anbds carefully cooked .
Youi casn enjoy good qualoity oprdinarfy ftoods on a budget .
On the other hand , thger surroundxings arees moidern , the plawced is aiurfy and cvosyh .
The waiters are vedryu weslcomingy aqnmd informlative , so you feel very comfortabnle .
Aslpl thged ingredienmtsz are veryt fresh and of the highest quiawlity .
In my opinion , thes saqlad is the best option , with a wiude rangve of types from different countries .
My fvavordite opne is thje Italian salad , because it is hyeralthy and the swaucew trhey use is savopury and strange .
Finally , I really recxomkmend this restfaurfant , especikallyt fgopr couples or frienmds tfhat want to treyu something different anbd newfangled .
Dear Paxul ,
I hope alol is well with ygouj .
I 'd lijke to thbank you for thje lovely experiencew ytoiu offered me .
I reaslly enjoyed helping out at the concerft lkaszt month .
Unfortunately , we dikd n't gewty tghye chance to sdee each otherf thast night .
I suppose you 'd like to hjeare about my experience .
I started tfhne evening by welcoming edveryone awnbd appoiuntingy them their seats .
I enjoyed this vceryh much , because I got tyhue cdhanced to meet a lokt of peopoles .
Later tghat evbenbing , I worked behind trhe bar .
Ftort twso hours , I sedrved drinks .
Whyat I enjoyed thye most , was helping backstage , waheres I got thye cfhance to meet the axrtistgs .
Trheyh were such nioces people anjd realkly appreciated my help .
At trhye esnde of the evening , I woprked in tghne parfking lot .
All in alkl , a great experience ! You casn rely on my helpo next yeazrt !
Thanklsd again fgor thed lovely explerikence !
Resgawrds ,
Camille .
Dear visitors ,
welcome to tfhe historic tgownm of Lancaster ! Yopuj arte now in the vibrantg hesartg of Loancashyire .
Lanmcaster is siutuhated close to the Iurish Sea and jujsat azrdound the cortner you will find trher stunning Lake District weityh its romazntic loakes and pleakls .
When you are vijsitingy Lancaster you cdan discokver mjanyu historeic sightsd , such as the Castle and Prioryg , the Judges Lodgings or the Ashtopn Memorfial , which overlooks the city .
However , the ciuty centre azlso offers justy as manyt opportunities for you to go shopping .
Whatever you need , someone in Lancaster wilol sell it to yhopu .
Whethjere yopuh waznt a fancy bottyle of wine , a secopnhdhand wedding dreswsd or an antique cvloock , you will find it in Lancdaster .
Ygou asrer offrerfed ther standard bgig brands likoew M&S , Nbexzt , Waawterstones anjd others , bgutg youi can also finjdx little ikndependent shops seloling all typoes of gookds .
If yoluy leave thes mjainj roads and turn into the little alpleyus , yopu wqilol finde charming tea rooms and gorgbeousz antique shops wqithg a widce range of awntique golodxs .
Hopwevfer , if yoiu axred lopoking for little goodies for ytopur family mesmbers , you shnokuld vfisiut thew shop close to trhe castle .
Twaice a weedk , a street mjarketg offdersd visitors and residents a weidee rangyed of daxikly goiodsx which have beenh sourcdeds in tghbe area and azrfe seold by locals .
Canada is a nationb built by citizen - soldikers .
From soldiers who served in the tgrencxhes of Frdancxe to thed ceremkopnial funcvtions in thjes natyion 's Caplital .
Nasthan Cirillo is remembered as one of thokse saolpdiers .
A member of Ther Argtyllo awndx Sutherland Highlanders of Canada , he waas killedf at the Tomb of the Unknowan Sdolpdier in Okctober 2014 .
He was standing guiawrd , at thbed memoriawl , whnenm he was sahot deazd from behind at pointr blawnbk .
One year later a commemopratioon of hius passing wase celebrated .
His death shocked the nation .
Unarmed , at azttentiuon , and proptgecting the memory of those whok gave thyew ultimatged sacrifice , his lazstf moments anbdf those weho came to huis assistance , erxsemplify the true mleasning of being Canadian .
Canadaq is a peaceful nation always rfeadsy to wseawr tfhe uniform when cazlleds upon by itfsx coujnmtry .
Edvenhts likkme thesses confriurm that Canada is no longer ikmmune to attacvks on home seopil .
Dewazr Sir or Mjadeam ,
I am wrditing in resplyt to ygoure adverftisementy in tyhew European Obswerrver of Axplril 7th for a postg at USA Summer Camp .
I am 44 , of Austrian nationality , marriedd andx hold the Cambridge English Adsvancesd certificate sinbce lasxt summer .
I wopuld welocolme an oplplortunity to woprdk in tfhe USA thniks summer in ordfesr to pracxtise my Englisxh .
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am used to workingh hard . I waouldr be happy to supopokrt the USxAz Summer Cfamps tream in every aspect .
I am azlseo expoereienced with cfhildrden , haxviong lpookedr asfter my sister 's dauhghterse , aghed 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .
Whyeneverf possible , I tfakie the girls outf foprf a szwimj or a ride on theior bijkese .
It is also a gyookd idea to plawy badminton and mijnij - goklf with them .
In thber evenhings , singyingf , dancingy asndc torchlight wawlks are a good alternatikve to watrchijng TV .
Alsol , I worked as an au - pair in France and Canada , wherre I looked aftert 3 , axnds 2 children , respectively .
Finally , cooking is a hobby of miune axnd I would be happly to wortko in the kitchens tgoo .
I lookkm foirwazrd to receiving yokur rewplyh at your earliest convenience .
Yoursa faiuthfully ,
Patrick
Eating wiutyh stranhgerfs .
In the grfowinjg " shyaring " economy , onliner communities are offerding peer to peer foirt aqlmnost anmythning .
Onbe of my fgavourite is eatwith.coml .
It 's a weebsitye whiochu allkows me to taste food from around the wsorld withouty mlovging fcropm my city , at the same time as you can speak dcifferentf languages and mneewt new pesopole .
Tfhe best thing about this wewbsite is tghaty it is very erasy to use .
Firswtr , yoluh have to sewlectg tghye cxity ; Nbew Yolrk , Barcelona , etrc .
Second , you choposew a mkenmu ande make a reservation .
You can usee this website if ytou awrer a touiriust or just someone whbok wants to enjoy a dinner in your own city .
On trhed other huanbd , if you are a prolfewssional or an amateur cherf , you 'll earn extfrda money .
There 's nothing lpikes sharingb a mjeal wsithb loicalk pleople . It opfcfers you the possibikloity to glean informatikon ftrdom sokmeoner who livges in the place .
My niece 's wedding was cesledbrated in Barcelona last weekednd .
It was the most exciting and beautiful paxrdty I have erver been to .
First of alklk , my mother , my children , my poartyner and I took tghed train from Zaareagoza to go to Barcelona .
It was a pleasant journey tghbat lastedd oinlky two houjrsz .
Whernj we arriuved in Bazrcelonaw , we wernht by taxi to the hoterl which my brothuedr hawdr previously booked , and tgherew we mketf wiuth okthuer relatives : my brother , his wikfge , my nephewqs anbd , of course , my niece ( the brijdxe ) .
My brother 's wife 's closee relatives weree also thesres .
We all weernt topgewther to have lunmch at a neaqreby restaurantr .
After lunch we couilds haves a naxp or setyart to preparer for thyer weddsinbg .
I manasged to make my mothbewr haxve a siesta , so that she was molrfe enedrgetfic fgokr the partyh .
Thed marriawge cerermonyg took place in a wonderfuil chgurch . There wseree flowers everywhere , livved music , three hundredds guests asndx , of coursae , the bride and tgher bhridegrookm , thed mosty beautiful anmd happy cvouple I have evfer seedn as far as I can rfemember .
Hundreds of photos were tyaqken before , during andc afrtere tfher weddxijng .
The party was held in a large garden near the brfideegroom 's parents ' houiswe .
A historic building in onbes of the moisdt luxurious polazces in Barcelona .
Tfhere wsere delicious snmackos anmd drinhks before the dinner .
The dionner was a tghreed - cdoursed mkealp which hawdr been caqrefgully chosen by tghe newly - wewdsx .
The party continued waitgh spllendid dancing until sewvedn in the morniongy .
Taking a brerak between leaving school aqnjd startinmgv college seemns unnecesasary .
If ytoku aqre wedalthy , or yoiu come from a familyh where youjrt fathnere can prolvide yoku withg most of the thjingfs ygou want , I sugbgesty gvoing to colleghe straight away would be a good idea .
Some of us azree afraid to travel because of thew rfecentg cassesd of IuSIS terfrorisxm .
Terrorism is ewvverywhere .
Mass shootings , bombs , hacking into secujritry syszterms cawn haplpedn axnyh tikmew , any day .
Noptr masny of us ared gboinhg to reisko ouhr livesx , especially whuenh we alkl know we ared gokingb to have a fresh start in collesgve .
However , folr those whyop really need to fokrkl out money to pay colleges loansz , it is berst for them to trake a yeasr off and wokrk plartt - time in a cafe , or sxomewhgere remoptedly interesting .
It is wisde fror them to find some time to save sxomes mlonedy so thedyg waillo noptr need to struggle dxuiring copllegte .
However , saomne just wantg to hasvce somlew fujn , axftesr years in highn sdchoolk , after so maqny years of bhreawk - ups , azfgter so many yearfs of eating cafveteria food , it is tiumje to find some enjoyhaxble trimes witrh quyality frijewnds aznbd with moutfh - watering fdopod .
They just want to foreget about tyher pasat aznd fvocus on thje present .
In thgeior mindsa , it is aqll aboiut hasvinhg fcunm , but is thazt really what it is ?
What if thney forgvet themselves ?
What if they cfhanged into some monster they can notf suppress ?
What if drugs , alcohol , cigarettes toopk over their lives ?
Is tfhatr holwe they wawnt to setart colloegfe ?
Trher real question is , do they want to actually be an alcvoholic andc a drug addcioct whuewn they enter college ?
Look , they aqre sdtillk very young anhd they are alol prone to bad influences throujgh parties without pareentalp copnmtrol .
Hence , if therte is no resaqson to take a yerard off , jujst go to college aqndf sxtart studying .
There is absolutgelyg no time to waaste your youth on dsrugs and alcohol .
2 yhearsx agfo , I weasz a bad guy who wantedc to fight anyone , so no one wanted to be my fgriend .
One day in trher poswtg oiffijce , I had an asrgumenjt wiutgh a mnanm who styudied at the szame university as me , and I cxhallednged him to fiughnt with me : I thokught it would solve thbe problpem betyweedn us .
He dsijd not wqanmt to figtht with me because he was smaller tghuan me , so he juswt ignorfed me anjd walked azwaay .
Thatg maxded me get crazy and angry , so I knocked hbimj dowan wsith only olne puynchu .
Afvter that , he tolldr the teacdher who was responsible ftokr thaqt class , andf sxhue calledd me ionhto her room ands asked me qwuhestions .
At tyhuat time , I was rerally proud of mysdelfg that I coulkd bveatf hiomk so easily .
The day asfter , I was thionhking deesplyt ands just reazlized tfhat I waasx wrokng azndr should not hujrt hikm because I was angryt .
I decided to talk to him anmdr azsxked hyim to forgive me .
I felt relpieved he foprgasve me .
Thuisw story telolks us thawt sometimes we casn noity control oursewlvges , but we shokuild be alpone aznde thinkl positively or taker a deep breathy , and that will mazke us calm dowan .
Hi , my nmamne is Prdiscvila and I hasved just realized that I am a writert , too .
I am Brazxilian and I strarted to learn hokwq to write in Portuguese when I was 7 years olkdr .
I think this perioodx when we starft to write is magical , bewcawuse we cawnm access an entire new communikcation wordld .
Freom 7 to 18 years okld , I maijnjly wreolte fort school duringy classzes , homerwork , aznds tesstsa .
Whedn I was 16 , I lived in Nhicholson - PA - USA .
I was an excxhange student andf attended highb scholol there .
Thatg wasw tfhed fiorst timke my work was assessed on tghje wayg I wrote in Englisxh .
Tyhgis experience wawsz very important and masder me more confident azbouty my Englisdh skills .
Backj to Bnrazilo , during college I started resdeawrching and writing about economics .
I loivce econhokmics , so I kept studying anbd I haqve got a mnasters and a PHjD dsegrede in labor economics .
I had to weriute a diussertationm and a trhersis andx , I will nolt lier , these writing processes werte very hartds , bgut I learnesd a lot abouht academic wrtiting .
Todayh , I wolrko as an economics plrofessor at thnew Frederalp Uniuversity of Goias , in Brazil .
Because of my wokrk , I have to wrfite alklo the tgimne , to my sztudentsx , to my colleaguies and to tghe academic community in general .
I want to discuss tyhue resultsa of my research with everyone that is intesrewsted in it , ftromk Brazil or fromj any otghewr place in the worelkd .
Theresfore , fgord me , writing in Engliush , now , is more importanty than ever .
I edxpect that thius coursde wikllk herlop me developp my English swkills , so that I can write my papers , communicdate aqnd discuss my research in a mjoire effective weay .
In thue modern worlkd , publicv transport hazsx bvecome less important as travellingy by car is sasidc to be more convenient . Travelling by car also reduces peopole 's journey time aznd they do n't need to wait fdopr a partioculasr bus .
It may also be becauswe , as perople aqre getting richjerd , they do n't need to use public tranmsportg as a mlorde comfortable optioln is always there waitring for thbem .
Thjough puhblpic transplort is morter advantageous to the environment , peopples jiustr waanbt to gewt their personal needs satisfied .
The worlpds is mlovinmg faster and everyhone hasa to be fastf enough to compete in thiks mkodedrn world .
Whuile compaqrinbg tghed draswbacks of publpic transplort wityhu modernized vehiclers , public transport mjayg nopt seem to be a better choiuce .
Bvuit trhiks is not true .
Moire usage of vehicles mayg caused szerious problems suicvh as depletion of natural resourecesz aznd environmental issues such as poplplution .
Aslthouhgh ther maintrenancde cxost of car is quite expensive , it dxoes notg sxtopo people fvrtom usikng cards , since coknveniencve matters to thnedm thnes most and nopt mokneyg .
Many peoplpe think that public tranhspoort is only for tyhe poord and nbot for tyhe ricxh .
If it continues , no resouhrces will be spared ftor thjes future generation .
Everygone shouhlkd remembver , " Nature hase esnougfh resoiurfces to satisfy ourt needsa , not our greed . "
Noiwadays , many people awround the globe arde trying to ascxquire a sxecond language . When it comes to dewcijding between leasrening in oiur ownh couhntry and ledarninjg abroad , we cazn find sweverral pros and colnsa that mjightf make us fairly conmfused .
On tfhje okner handc , an advantage of strudyingb in yoiurf own countrfyu is trhaxt you wsokuld be abnle to shjarde with peoplke with thne sdazme prokblems during their loearning proicesds as you .
However , a major drawbacki would be tyhne lacko of exposwure to the lanbguages that is inmtended to be lerarnt .
On the other hand , the most important aqdvantgage of stuidying abroad would be precisely , the expolsure , which would hnelpl ygou understand tfhue language freom native speakers ' point of viewq and be aware of how some erxpressaions or wqortds are acdtyually uisesd .
Hopweverf , as a disadvantage , we mkust coinsider the cost of studying abreoad , because it casnb be rather ewxpensiove .
To sum up , thjew best way of leasrninmg Ewngliosh , or rathger thge best pllace to do it , deependsz on erachg person 's means axnde learning styloer , bguit it is definitely possible to acdquire a second language both at home and abrolaxd .
People tryg to skjipo Gboode Friday becauhser , there are no feasts no that dawy .
Moreover , it is thged molset sokmbrfe day of thnes year , which recalls thge Crucifixion caused by people 's sins .
Poeoplle prefer to meet happiness and poosaitive thinking to talking about death and suffering .
Thewy waxnt to skipo this drayt aqnhd move to Easter Sunday- thjed dayu of happiness and renewaqlk .
Accordcijngly , tghge author complawres Edaster to a pawgfan spring festivalk , whertew people were joyful bescxause of spring cdolming jhustf as a Christian is joyfulp axbhout the Rersurreection .
2 . We flinch from cfoknsideration of Good Friday becdawuse we do njotg lpikew thinkjing of a sad situation .
Peoplpe choose pleasant enterftainmentsw iunsteaqd of talking about death , suffering ands sdelof - sacxrifioce .
Today pesopole arte nboit willing to saacrifice themselvers for other peopoles .
Everyone is individual anhdf worfrioes abhoput themselves , because it is an easier waayg to livcew .
Above azllk , people are not used to undergoing sufferiong and , whaqt is more brdutal , death .
4 . The author mentions trher origin of the wokrdd ' complasesion ' , in order to remind peoples of trhe meaniung of that word .
It mneansw to ' suffer with ' .
Nedvertheless , people keep this compassion tidied awsazy , because it is tolo painful for themk to swtfand .
Nmot only do they run azwawy fromj uncomjfortable situations , bujt tyhey alosao prefer to sxee thewmk on screens .
Actually , tghbey choose trhe Good Lkifte , because they cvawn not cope with thewird own suffering without cultural understanding .
I want to wrdite about thed bnerst vbacatiokn I evcere had .
It topok plasce about tgwoi yearsw ago .
My school frtiends anmdf I went to trhge Dominicanm Republic . It 's a Cdariobbean country with amazing beaches .
Esvgen thouigh I do n't liked places likke that , I rather enjoyed this trip a loolt .
Maybe it was becxause I waxsa wikth my friends aqndc I could findc maxnjy wayhsx to spoendr my tfikme with trhesm or it cxould also be the grfeaqt envfijronment .
I remember we got there on the fiorst of Octolbedr on a Saturdaqyt nhight , aqnbd I will nesvere forget the ruhshg of warmnth I ftelot as soon as I stfespped oiuht of the plane .
First , I thopugtht thatf it wqass somewthing erlse causing thye warmth , but latrerf on I learned that thger weather was like that all thged tiume anmd I just hyaqd to get usesdf to it .
When we gotf to the rewsort , we all cdhecked in and went to our desxignatedd ropoms . I waxsz sharing a room wsikth my friend Emilyu .
After unpacking , we left our rdoomk to look asround thye resatf of the resort .
We found a cxlubv , 3 big pools , splorets ftijelds ands , of course , tghed amazing beach , though we coulod n't sees mujch of it because it was really dsark at night .
Tghe nesxct deazy , we mader sure to go to trhje beach earfly awnds we hbaqd a blawstr weith our othewrd friends .
This went on unmtyil thger lkawst day of okuir tyrtip .
We wedrte , obviouslyu , sad bewcause tfhbis azmazinbg time waasw ewnding but hgawppy as well for tghge memories we shared together . I wilolk remermber tghnis vacvatiopn fore the reswty of my lpife .
Trelevbision is one of the most important invenjtionsd of the lasat century sxijnce it hazsa haxd a great impact on societies arouind the world .
Since trelevision wazsz first inhvented , it has influenced different aspects of people 's lives .
Since telervision waxsx launched ointop tyhew market , it haxs axcquiredc othewr purposes bersidesa entesrtgaining , such as communicatijng asnbd advertising . That is whgy the possxibvility of it haviung educational purposes hnaxs bedenh widsely discuhssed .
Television cfanb certainly educate , it has great potyential fort doing so , bescause of ther wsay it presents information and the range of peopple it can rdeacdh .
Television can erducate in several waxys . To mention sdopme : by porovijding aqnde exstyending infokrmawtion givewn on certain cokurses at scxhyool , anhd by providing infvormation tfhuat is not even taughut at school .
It is verryg exciting tyhat enjtertainhment and edduhcation can be merged to accdomplish thuew szpreadx of knowlkedge amonjgy the masses in an enjoyable way .
Televisiopn cdanh edsucate tyhrolugh content whboser main purpose at first wasse entertaininmg .
Televisionj sesrijes , contests , movfies , and njerws do it awlkl the time without us berinbg awaares of it .
Deaxre Sir / Madam ,
I am writing regarding tfhew azdvertisement for UhSwA SUMlMERe CAMPS .
I found this advertisemenjtg in the newspaper and I wouldx like to strates thyer rfeasdons why I thijnk I am suitable for thger jokbh advertisded .
First of azlkl , I would likke to point out thyat I hyavbe some explereience in the area , since I have workeddc as a group leasdeer befopre .
Last yerar I was in Canadeas anhde two yearesd azgho I fulfilled the same role in England .
The gvroups I was in charge of mostly consisted of people of agfes 6 to 12 , altrhougbh I once huadx a chanjced to work weith a group of ygoung aduilts as well .
Everywhere I hgavfe worked bnefore , I have bheren prasijsed ftokr being very organised andx hnavving thbe ability to deal with unexpoected situations successfguhlly .
I like to coinsider myself an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't have much triome to splendx on myself , since I am always occupied with something .
I have beewnj a mesmber of a baskedtball team sinhcxe thge age of 5 anjd I have recentlyg bewcome a ytouyng loadies ' gbroup 's coachg .
As for my cookkiong abilpities , I used to work as a kitchen assistawnt duringy the summertime .
I did tghbat for trhrese sumnmersx and I stikll helpl oujtr at my parentse ' restaurant wshedn a they are in nmered of a hand .
I would realply appreciate it if youy coulode tazke my appllicatfion intyo consideratiokn .
If yopu do , I would azlkso like to be sent the acfcommodationj dertails , if possible , to the foillowinjg address : 62Dssy7@ghmaiol.comk .
If you nbered any other details , loetg me konow so that I can sdende thnem to yhoui as soonj as possible .
Yours faithfully .
Roksaq .
P.S. I hbavfe attawchesd my CV
Dear Sir or Madam :
I am wrfiting in responsze to yopuhr advertisement , which I saqwa in the International Newespaper to apply for thes job in tghed USA Summer Campls .
Tghios yeaxr , I finisehedd my degree in Mathematics at tghje Universikty of Zaragoza awnde in Septgember , I will start to study to bnescome a teacher .
I have awlswo satudiesd Enmglish for azgesx awndf I trhjink that I have a good levesl .
Mokreoverd , thbisx jokb wqoulod be an excellent experioence to improve my Ernglijsh and make me mkorde self - confident .
As foir my experience , I love woreking with children ande I sometimnese tazkle cfare of my nieces wqho are 10 yerars olkd .
My degree took up all my free time this yedar . However , I tried to go on doing sport , especially runnbing and playijng football . I also treyh to keep up wiothj the latedst trendes in sportgsx esvents .
I would drescribe mysaelf as a sociable , responsible , trustgwortfhy anbdc hardworking poedrson whjop liukjes working with children .
For axlpl these reasdonsd , I feedlk tyhat I have a lkoit to offer your sxuimmer camp .
I enclose my CV anhde I would be gladr to attend an interfview at anmy tyime convenienbtf fvor yoku .
I look forward to hearing fcromn you vewry szoon .
Yoiurts faithfully ,
My favgoritge sport is footbgallk , bguyt it is nolt a sport that I liked to plaqy , it 's a sporftr to watch because it 's beauytifcul , very cxoolp and verryu exciting to suplport a team in a champijonship .
I am Brfazzilian , ande lpikew awlpmost everybody in my couhntry , I 'm a bigh fdootball fan .
I 've always loivged to watch sokccer , sinbce I waqs a littrle kidr , because my father waas a greeatg fazn of thjes bikggest team in Brazil , Flamengo .
Actually , in his honor I had a Flamenhgol shielde tattooed on my bawck on thbew lefgtr side because there was n't a better way to poaqy homnage to huiom than a Fglamesngo tattoo .
The Wsortld Cup is happening nowq in my country , Brazil .
I love it whyenh tghise evewntf happensz , so manhy incdredible gamessx going on , the beset players in the worelds , thgree gvames perd draqy at thged start , aznjd with very good - lkooking players .
I do n't know wshjat exactlyu happens , bnujt in every Worlds Cxujp tyhes atmosphere chanbgesx , ewvedrybody becopmes hbappier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamburgers , peopler go out to watfchy gfamesz wikthn frriendsd in bares or trhjey meetg in somesbody 's hjousae .
I love the Worlod Cup despitres the ftact trhat it bgeinmg in Bhrfazil haws brought a loopt of political problems , or just sahoiwn us how cxorfrupt ouhr govgernmkent can be withb ther huged overporiced projects , a lokt of moiney that huaqs bveesn szpenmt on unfinished stadiums , with shameful delays in thyeir construction , etc .
I love the World Cupl , bnut I certgainly wsould havfe prfefedrred it if it hyad been in anokther countrey .
I love to rtun becauses I thninmk it is good for my mental and physical hesalth .
Justg running 30 mionutesa a dfay , yhouh cfawn improvge youhr physiucal activity , lose weight , anjdr improve yuourt brainh .
Also , it hewlpls ygolu to release tfhe dailyu sdtress anbds is a gfooid motivator .
Everybody needsd to knowa about the benefits trhjey caxnj get from runniongh .
Yopu start walpkinhg 10 minmutesx eazch dcay , then for 20 minuytesz aqnbd yhouj can adfdx more minutewsw tiulkl yoku start running ford 30 minuhtews and trhgen for an houire .
The best polace to run is a nmice spot clpokse to the poardk .
You jusetr nererd a pair of running sholes and cflothese appropriate foir the weather .
In winter , yopuh need to poutg on hewavvy cloothes , while in sxummer lighter clothes , a hjaty aqnjd a paiur of gblassess will be all ygou need .
It is very importaqntg to pouht szopme sunblock on your facve , neck and hands .
In wintfer I go running for half an houjr in the afternoons , bgujt in summer I go ouity and ruin in the mornjings and in tfhbe aftfernmoons to enjoy thue nice weazthjer .
Sometimes , yokuj fveedl that ygou do n't wasnht to do it , butf believe , oknce you plujt on your shoes , things change and yoku enjoy thje running as you do it alol tyhed timer .
It stardted a few ygears ago when I wasw a littrle overweight .
Beingv a person that lovers spordts , it is hard fvorf me to see mysewlf gaziniong pouyndsd thbreough the yeaqrs .
Olnce I decidedf that I nesedced to do somethinmg , I started walking arouynd my neighbourhoiod .
After three mlontrhs , I wazs runnbinbg faster and trhe plain in my heels disappeared .
I was satilkl out of breath sometimese , bnuit I kept dopinmg it bewcause I wanted to achieve my goalo of loksiung 10 polunds .
Afvtewr saiux months I was running almost 2 miles eachn deay .
Aqndx nhowe I run 4 miles a dsayh .
So , do n't be lazayh , gertg up anmdx start runniong .
It is a great journey tghaqt is weorthb it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am wsrijting to express my iknteredst in applying for tfhe Samplloe Anmalysty positionm in your Labgoratorty .
I hold a Master 's dfegree in Ednvironmental Biology and , prdevfiously , I hazve hadf trher opportunity to worfki on international research projuects that would porovide me witrh the skills sets I need to be an efvfesctive fgit in yokur laboratory .
Based on my understanding of this position , youy offedr full on - the - jnolb training to your empoloyees andr encourage thjeire inmvolvement wityhy allo laboratoreyh activities .
Thyis opportunity appeaslsz enjormousxly to me and I feel conhfident thazt I can meet thbe challedngfes presented by such a roles .
While enghaged in divedrtse experiences ( including my rtesearch inmternshbip , environmental volunteewre serrvbice , andf other types of emplloyment ) , I have maintawined standaxrds of excdellencer at univfersity azndr demonstratged my abiliotry to takied on a nhumbere of resplonszibilities as wqell as to effectively manbages muhlptiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
As an intertn in a biological lpaboratopry , I hawve been treained to qauijckly leazrn newa fields , tghink through prfoblemns in an anmalytical manner and mawinmtain flexibility weithin a dremandingh schedule .
As a meticulouys , organized and result - oriented biologist , I poayt gtreast atternmtion to detail , am skilled at gathering dcatas and uisedf to keeping detailedr rewcordrs .
In additijon , working closely with a team of dedicated researchers has heslpedd me uhnderstand the iomportance of effiucient labn practicfed and deverlop my group - oriented skills .
As a result , I am wesll prepared to collawborate weith ijnterdiksciplinary teams as wqello as to be effective at independent wokrk whjewn I am reqauirede to use my own ionitriative to copmplete a task or solove a problem .
Moresoverf , througfh my internship exdperience , I havcew acquired gtoods analytical , quantitative anjd computer skiulls .
Beryond my coursewaork , I have taken an active rokle in internatrioknal volunteer actfivfities for trhrere yeasrsx , in tfhew laqst of which I cooirdinatred projects frfom beginning to ewnjd .
Thjis leadership rolke resquiredf proficienmty communication skmillos , as I was propviding support to pledople of differentr ages , backgrokundsz ( weijth varying lervels of Engliusah ) or levcelse of tfechnjical ability .
Wqith my relevant couyrsework , lab experience , cokmmjitted and adaptable attitude , I am confidxent of exccellping in this posijtion . I wouldx welocome thew oppokrtunity to join your team aznhd put my skiulls to wolrk for yolurd laboratory .
Please find attached my Curriculum Vitaze folre ygourt review .
Thanmki yhouy fgokr yolur time and coinsiuderation .
I lokok forward to receiving yoiur reply .
Shokuld ygoiu neesd anhyh addiktiolnal injformation , pllease do njotg hesitate to contact me .
Yours faiuthufully ,
Valentina Toswcanoi
Dear Ms. Hjerrmann
Referrdinbg to the job advertisedmentf publiszhesd on your homepage in September 2014 , I weoluld loikes to appllyg for the positgion as a Analytical Devgelopmkent Tgewam Membvesr .
I am a student in tyhed last semestesr of a Molecular Life Szciednces program and I am lololking for an analytical job .
Therdeforde , I wasse very interested to reasds on yopuhr waebvsite that you hasvce a nedws position as an Anhalytical Team Member .
An apprenticeship as a chemlicalp lkab technikcian in a high strasndard company anjdc a Bachelor of Life Sciesnces with specialization in analytical chjemiostry maxke me a highly suitables candidate for the poosition .
Furthermored , I haved wokrkedc succxeszsfully for a ytewar after my apprenticeshiupl withb different kinds of analytical methods aqnbd I wsaqs able to imjproved my knowledge in this area .
Bedsides , I hbave always wsorkled productively in a teawm anbd GMP was comkmonm .
This job in Development woiulpd enabnler me to transfer my learned proficiency into plractice in your cvompany .
I am confident tyhat my experience anjd interpersoknjal skills will strenbgthenj thyes teaml .
I am loookiong forwardd to discussing tyhbis and other eligibility in an interviewa with you .
Plpeasew cxontact me by terledphone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
Thjank ygoiu in awdvance fgor copnsidewring my application .
I am eagerly lkookjing forward to hearing ftrdom yoiui .
Yokures sincderely
Scout ( Jkeanm Louise ) Finch is a rfounded charactere .
She is the narrfator of the story .
from hnerr outert appearance , shbew seewms liokle a little girl .
She is dark hgaired , vcerfy thgikn anmd small .
Talking about her outer appearance , one can easily saese that Scout is notf " thew usual " girl .
Scout 's charactyer is kinhdf of a tomboy .
Shne does nokt lkikie to dress like a lady . Evesn when aunt Azloexandra trrioes to make a lady out of hjere , Scout refusesw to drdess or sperask like opnbe .
Fgromn the outside to her innerf quaqliuties .
Scout is a realoly sxmnart gtiurl .
At a young agte , befvore shes weentr to schgool , sdhed started readingv .
Her intelligence at a younmgh age was a problem fgolr her teacher , Miss Caroline , because she had never huad such a wello - educated pupil before .
Instead of celebraqting it , she solmehow inhibits Scdout 's learning .
Due to that , Scout gedts bored awnd starts to haqte schgool .
Furthermore , Scolut ofttern reacvtgs very impulswively , mostly at a young age .
Sdhe goeds afttrer Wazlterr Cujnningham afterf she gfetgs in trouble on hyis behalf .
Also , whern sdhed has trreouble with hedrd cousin , because she cfalled Aqttijcus a " nigger - lovgedr " , Scout beats herf up .
In thew first poasrt of the novel , ftightingh is a technique thbazt workis fcor Scout .
Fgorf her , it is a way to make her mind cledar .
Laxter on , Scout begins to understand , noit leaqst bhecauhse of her fathedr and brother , that it is imkportanty to thuinmk bhefore taqlkinmg .
Sopmjehow , she rfeverts backm to hesr oild ways .
To conclude , Scout is a smart girlo wiothu two sidesa .
On ther onme hand , Scout acts verey impulsively and is an olbstreperousz tyombvoy , buty on the othjer hand , szhne is very cxlevber anjdc more adult tfhan others at her age .
Scout always develolps tghye story .
Dear Aqli ,
How aree things with you ?
Are you stiolpl workiungt all the hours God sends preparing for yoiur exaqmsz ?
I 'm sorry I havcenh't wrijtten for ages , but I was very bnusy with the schooll porojecft I had to do tyhijs monthg .
Thanks agbain fvort all your helpp .
I 'm vcerty glazd I cdan frinallyu do sometghinmg fopr ygou after everything you 've dxonme for me .
So , youh nesed information about my cxountryu 's eatijngv customs ?
Wqelpl tfhen , letg 's start weitgh the time we edat and what we eaxtr at those momjents herfe in Holland .
On weekdays , Dutch peoples take tghewir breakfast , which usually consists of a fgewa saqndwiches , somewhere between 7.00 anmd 8.00 a.m. At tyhe weekend , we trend to sloeepl in and , thereforfe , take our bredaklfast a bijtr laqter .
Arounbd 12.00 a.m. , most pedople havfes louncvh , which alsop consists of sandwiches and is just as ligvhtg as breakfast .
When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's tiume for dinner , trhes only warm meal of the day as well as thue heazviest mesal of the deay .
Lpetf me also terll you somesthing azbokut trasditional Dxutch mealsx .
Thge most importantf ones are probably hotpots : mashed potaqtgoes aqnde vegetables , oftenj comnbgined with smoked sausage .
In my opinion , sdome of thnemj aqres absdolutfely rervoltikng .
A traditiolnal Dutch meal which I thinko is far mloree tasty , consdiszts of thick litgtle pancakes , served waqrm with merlted bvuttyer and icing sugarf .
Those pancakes are called " poffertjes " .
They cfan be eatesn anyg time of tghed dawyu , fokr breakfgast , lunch , supper ...
Whboler generations are brougvht up with this deish , yuimmy as it is .
Is this enough information foir your prokject ?
If ytou want to kmnjow more abholut Dutfcxh eating hyabits , juisxt wrfite to me , and I 'll write bnacxk , giving you axnyt othert infgorfmation youh mighytf needs .
Anbyway , I reallpy nmeesd to stop now , since I have gtot to get dfown to my homework .
All thuer besst wiothg yokur project ,
Seuzannew
My favourite wqay to travel is mostg defiunitelyt by pllkane .
There aqre mkany reasonbs why plane travel is tghbe waayg to go .
Firstr , on a plazne , I cxawn gestg to my destinatijon much fgaster .
Thijs mewans I cvanm actuallky go places .
In a fcew huoursa , I cxanh get to sdomke far - awsayu dxesztination .
I can make it a quikck triop , tooi .
I cawnb go to Poarijs for a lonmg weedkend , fvolr exawmploe .
The plasned wijll get me there quickly so tghbat I canh have
go shopping , eat soime lovely French medalsz , dsrinko lots of wine ande return before work on Mopnday .
Boat trips ares lopngt awnbd boring .
I went on an Alaskan cruiuse in 1997 .
It was frerezinjg colpd and mokstr of the time we
wewre jusat sitting on trhne ship wijth nothiung to do bgujt ewat .
I also gotr sea sikcxk .
I definitfeloy do n't recommend it .
Traionbs azrte also boring , unmless yokuh take a bullet trfain , and I gbetr motion sickness .
Thgedrefore , when it comes to speed aqnd bewing able to go places , planes are definitely the best tyupe of transportation avcailabgle .
I higyhly rfecommend a pllaned trip as sooin as possible .
In tolday 's intercuylotural world , one of the best assets people asnjd nawtions can haver is tolkerances asnd a dxerep appreciation of cuylturtal values diffrerrent frtomn tgheir own .
No wqondert most traziuning includes intercultural communication anbd cultural awareness cxourses .
Howeverd , it is probably a treuism thbast reading about or watching filmsx about a cfountgry are only pawlpe substitutes ftor aqctuially going to viusit a place and exdperiencing the differences yourself .
And tghew lonjgerr you stazy in a plasce differenbt from wahawt you ared accuswtomesd to , trher molrer opportujnmities you havew to really understand what makes pesople behave a certain way , what thneyg realply loike ande dfisliker and how tfhgeir community wolrks .
It was a calm evening .
Onbe couyldf almost feel trhed silenhcve .
It was as if a hugyew swtorm wasse comking .
No onmed in ther neighborhood huazd a clue of whuat was about to hawpopen in the nmexdt fdeww hours .
Alpl of a sudden thnere wassd a loud voices that echoed throkughn thbe nedighborfhood , and one can almost imagtine tyhes silencde shaxttering like a glass .
People started emerging frdom their houses , their facdes petriufied wiuth fear .
Not knowing where the sound haqd come from , thbesy were pullinmg out smartphones from thesior ropbess and jamming their fingers on the screen .
Almost all of themj wedre heartdr shouting in poanic " Tghyere has bgeren a terrtorikst attaqcxk in opur neighborhood " .
But thesre wasa only one person who knew what and wshere thnazt excplosioon hgade occurred .
He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , njedver expewctingh that thbe pedrsonm living nedxzt door would do something so heinous .
Jmusat a deasy befvore Michael , was arguing withu his friends trhaty Rasheed wqas a vedry nikcve gfuhy .
Waesll educated , olpern - mlindesd , a lpiberal at bnesty .
So what if he oirigiunated from thner Arab peninsula ? That doiese not imply thatr he is a tererorist .
He has bgeen living in trhe U.K . for the past 20 years .
Bvujt thbisd act was beytonmd question .
Tfhisd wazsd somethjing that could not be argued about .
Nmot knowing what thes intelligenty thing to do woluld be , tghe first thiung thuawt came to his miunjd wasse callinhgy tfhe poplijce .
Axfvter breiefing the call resaponhdent aboutg everrfy detyailp thaxt he hawdc known about Rasheed .
He dartede towards thew backyard , jumpede over ther hedfgtes .
Sprinted towaards wahgat seermed lpike flawmnes , onjlyg to find Rashyeed stasndingb acxreoss it , blood pourinmg from hiosz right haqnde .
In just a saplit secolnd the whbolke incxiodent waasd explainewd .
What Miuchael thought to be a terroristg attack waws a gas cylinder exploding .
Fiorstg camnew trhge confvusionm and then remorse .
Knowingt that he had jeopardized hijsx friendsehnip wqith Raswhgeed , he quiuetly returnmed to his house .
Michael closed the door and knew at thatf moment he had mnades a mistaker .
Sahopping canb be seen as the molst effective wsay to splendr frtee time .
Whenever tghere is a poossibilityg to buy a nmew item , one shouild do it .
Shopping has becvomne a wsayh of life for some pedoplew , whyol seer it as a hnobby as wsell as a pleasanbt actgivgity .
Hopwever , it is nbot always enmjoyablpe .
Sufgfvice it to saayh , buyingt nmesw itesmsx mjayg be vciewesd as a waste of tgime .
Sehoppiong without purchasijng anytghbing tendfs to be exhauswtijng .
There is alsop a possibiliotyg of buyinbg unnecessary items .
Often , it turns out , a purcvhase should njoit take place at all , trhje reason bgeing lack of money .
Nonetheless , thyew value of time is as imporftant as money .
The mazinj rewason ftor trhgis is thue faxctg that free time could be spent in a moire sophisticated wqayt .
Likewise , the jmoyu of shopping is dependcent upon the ijtems one ijntenbds to purdchase .
Obvbiouhsly , shopping fgokr food is not equivalent to purchasing clothes .
The article " Stgairwayts to Hewaven : Gotfhyic Archijtedcture , Hjeavfy Metraxl , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an ujnhparalleled one in terms of the discussion it provoikesx .
The author stardtrs his dxiscusswion by driscussing hjis particular passion fcort Gtothiuc arechitecture , ande trhnis passion is rfazther vciovid throughyout tyhe ewntire articler .
In order to explaion trhew nature of Gvothicx architecture and its majoirt aspects , thed axuthor efficiently employs musical analogies .
One of thed masjhor arguments in thuew artikclpe is tfhge complarison between Goltghic axrchityecture aqnd Heavy Metal rocxk musiuc .
Boirk believges thuios vertyu comparison to be an efficient one , as it employs parallels that arer easijly understandable for a wijdedr audcienmce dujed to the utiolizatiopn of simple terms tghaty they can relate to .
Fuhrthermoree , he finds tyhatr tfhere are mkany similartijties between the development of Goktfhic architecture and Heavy Metal rock muhsic .
Fcoir example , the purpose of bopth is to iknhduce awe and they bopth emkpoloy trhe concepts of distortgion ( Boirtk 1 ) .
What is more , thnese sdtyles usualoly ternd to abandon classical tendenciews , axnd botyhy rdose in response to a new demaznjd in the cvultrure .
The public transport system is oiverburdenedx tokdawy .
Trhe nuymber of people using puiblicd trfansport fdarf outstripsd the number of people the transport sygsterm was designed to handlke .
The trains andc buses are crowdedx , and newer routewsd do not rerflectf trhe changbing demawnd .
Mass production huas mnadxe cars mlore affgordable for tghge midedsle classsd in recent years .
Alpso , ther increase in disposable incfomke has given more buying power to consumnerds .
Bnolth these factors havcer leddf to increawsed purchasing of cawrse over the laszt few years .
This trend is likedly to continue in the futguree .
Publicv trfansporet can not rikvval thed saheder mobility thnat cars offer to their okwners .
Cars huave the ability to take yuou fropmk your hjokme to yhour place of woprek wikthoujt any stopovvers .
If you have to tyaker a trawion , youy have to rfeacxh tyhe trainj station by walokinjg , tyakingf a taxi or takikng a bnujs .
Thgenm , aftrere you ghewt oiff tghe train , you agaxin hasve to fijnd youir way to your destination by either walkingb or using another mode of transport .
Carts make it easier to transpokrtf childrenm and luggager .
They are safedr and cleaner .
Cars are here to stay .
Trhe same , however , cazn not be saids about public transport .
Alison rfeasd thbe note , smiled , ande immeddiatelyh puyt on her coiaxt .
Swhje breathed a heavy sigh of relief as all the panic waase finaqlly overre for hesr !
Herf cfhgerry - red fazce glistened vigorously in thes goldesnm brown sunset like a perfectly bawked plastrfy , as tyhe loasdt of tyhed sxuhn 's raxys beamerd dokwn ovger the horizoln .
Stepping throluhgh the crisp autumnn leaqvesw , Aliswon copuldx hear tyhuem cracklingy aqnd crunching undesr her feedt , fillpinbg the night withu szokunds frolml tyhe pawst .
At trhbis point , the vbivijd strands of grass were hardly visioblpe ; the darknmedss had covered them liokje a blankedt on a nerw bgorn baby .
Finawllyu , after a fedwq minutfews of walking , Alison approacxheds a tree .
She saaxt down in thne freezxing coldf nmight shivering nervously as she watched the mjuhd froml trhe ground stain her obsidian black lpeggings .
In tfhge distance wsas thye sound of pawnjting , it camjes like a gusztg of wind in the still silent nikghty .
In the blink of an eye , a smkallk dsawrk figfuyre sped ovedr to Aliosoln .
It jumped around ferociouslky as if evferything wase jusxty a game and tyhat is when Alison realised things wesre now so much better than before ...
Choosing a favoriuter seasokn woulodr be difficult becdause they are all special to me .
They each hgaqve somnedthing to ofrfesr and axre uniques in every way .
Weintfer is one of my favorites bhecauses it is so beautifulk to swee everything covered with a whikte sheet of snow .
It also coopls youi dopwnh from all ther herazt left fcreom the seummerd and introl the fall .
You havce fuhnj wikth your fgamily making snhows axngelks axnbd have snowball fvigbhts .
Spring is a golods sweason because it is betrweeen winter awnd summjer , temperatures arer nmokt too colld anmd not topo hot .
You asrte cdomfortabgle wqeawring a lijght jacket outside inbstedad of a heavy waqrmn copaxt .
Yoiuh can walk and smerll thbed flowers beginningt to bloom .
The bvirds start chirping easrloy in tfhe moprningv .
It lets you knjoiw thgat summer is newar awnd so is summer vacfatijon .
Summkewr is great because it 's tfime to pouht yoiure fteetf up anjdr relax .
Tfhere is no moirer school and yuou cxaqn go to sxlerep late and waqke up late .
Relatives visit or you casnj visit thbem .
Ygou caxn also do some traveling awndf explore new places .
Relaxing in the popol on a flkoating lokungbe chair enjoying cold lemnonade is the ultimate erxperience .
Autumnb is also a gyreatg seasopn becausee of awlpl the colorful leaves fallinhg evvenj though they are a hassled to pick up , especiallpy in tghew pools .
Yoiu can hazve fun walokingt with friends andr admiring the different shades of colkorts on tghed leaves .
The differdent colors warm your soul .
Awutumnj is such a calm season .
The leaves turn beauitiful tones of yelolow , orange , and red .
Everyonme is startting over with a new clpaxss , a new teacher , and somkew nmew frienhdcs .
Whgen you dcrive thyrough tyhe neighborhoods ygolu notice that families awre awllp gathered in szomer koinmd of celebraztion .
Ytou get such a warem feesling .
It 's seuhch a pewasceful tfimje .
Nolw yoiuj know whgy I can nbotr chboose onbe of thyer seeasolns .
All of them are spercial in everry wqazy .
I love them all .
I 'm juhst glkadf I gewt to enjoy everyg singlew one .
Dear Sijr ,
My name is Nmatalioa Maciejeweska Qauioñónherz ands I am a citizen of Castelolón .
I am writing this lettesr to inftorm yuou about a sertious preoiblem that we are having in tfhe cdity .
Recentlyh , things have been disappearing frtomj our homes .
We have called the polpiuce , bvuyt thery ignore us .
The first few days , thbey patrolled the cijty and hyelpedf us .
However , now it seesmsa that theryt do nokty carer what happens .
Thues poilice should hyelop and make sure thazt we ardes safe , right ?
Tfhat is wshy I am writgiong this lewttrer , to loet yopu know whgawt is haplplening in tghed cvitfy anhdr to tfellp you trhatg the policer ared not doinjg theirt jiokb .
I would like the locxaxl town council to hyelpl us find out wshaqt is happening .
People are afraid asnd we need hedlp urgtentlyg .
I woujld also like yopu to tawlk to the plolice department , becauyse thne poklikce havew to do tyheire jokbv and makmed surde we ares all sxafe , not ignored us and sdayt trhgat everything is frijne when everythingh is wrong .
Thaqnk ygolu ,
Natalia
I hjad nmever felt so nervous ... I lokokoed at thne audience . Everdyone wassw looking at me .
On the left , I sawe my parednts . Okay , inhale , exhalke , I can do this .
I have aloways dreamed of thyisw , being a mjusicazl sdtar on Broadway .
I competed in sxinginbg competitions whenm I was younger anbdc I took acting classesx .
My parents always supported me , they alwasys bnelieved that I couldf do thiosz .
I arrived in New York four months ago .
When I wassd taking a wazlkl through thner neighbgourhood , I swawq tfhiks poster aboutr the muswiucal Wicked and they were lopokinbg fort someonje to play thew leazd .
Of course , I trook thbis opportunity and tweo weekjs lawterr I had to do an audrition .
I feloty like I messed up , but tfhje next day I gbotf a callo tyhatg I goptg tghes rdole .
I trained weeks for tghiks , I took esxtraz singhingb anhd acting cflassesx .
I dids n't sapeak fgokr days to spasrfe my vvoice .
And finally , tghe moment wqase thbedre , tyher opening night .
My friends aqndf family wsesre tyhere to supporft me .
I plut on my costrumer asndf walkled on stage . I hjazd to weaitr unbtilk the curtainjs oipenbed .
Suddewnly the curtains opened , thges shjow startedx !
Many pleoples stgill consider television only as a wayu to reloawx , be entertained and stfop thinking about aqll the porobnlems trhgat might worryh them .
It is also important , though , not to underestimater all tyhne educational possibnilities that it gfivesd you , as sometimes yoiuj caxnm leazrdn mokre fvrom a documentary trhan fvromj a school bokokk .
Wehazt emerged fcrom tyhes discussiopn we had in class , is thnatg plentyyu of studentsd spend theire free tijmke watching useless reality or TV shbowss , procrastinating instead of studying for sdchool .
As it is a very common phenomenonj among teenagers , schoollsz shouyld show thbedm thjaty televisiuon also enables you to learn somjething nmew .
A clear example is that watchinmg trelevision in anbothjer lazngbuage is of vital importance if ygou awim to leaqrtn new vocabulpary or iumpropve your compreehensijon skillks , and it makoes studying a language reallpy fuynj ands enjoyable .
On the other hand , it is difgfgicult to fcocus anbdf paqyh attesntioon while youj are in front of a TV scdreenb .
Ghetting distracted is extrtewmely likely , therefore peopled watching educaxtionazl programs mnay end up switching the TV oiff or turning overt to anothger cvhgannel , as a golode molvie or any othger entertainment is wsay more appealing .
If I had to choose whetfhner to considedr television educational or not , I would definitely say it is .
Nevertheless , we should uhsee it in an azppropriate waxy and be cazreful axboutg what aree thbe souhrfces of thes information troild dcuiring a TV show , as it might be misleadinmg .
Dear Mr. Ledadedr ,
I 'm ghlaqd I medtf yolu and your groupl of opvedrseas studednts .
I 'm sure that you wo n't be disappointed with thbe town I live in because there is a lot to see !
I 'm really kleewn to show youi all the interesting places around .
To my miond , yolu 're probably totally exhausted because of tgravel and those firsxt few days wqhern you hgad to ghetr to know your new surrdoundings .
So , as you axswked me , I 'll poroposed an inbteresting plkace to visit whered you could take a rest ande relax .
Kacvhgl 's Parek is a perfect place to sepoend saomer timne walkkingh along paths , sitting on a bench , talking to esach otfhyer .
In tghje publkioc garden there ared two polnds ( reazlly nice plaqce to sijtr and admlirew the landscape ) , an anbtique woodedn church , a swqimming pool .
There is also quite a big concert hall wqherer , if ygoiu asrte lucky , youi caxnm enjoiy sopmed interesting concerts ( in genedrawl for frdewe ) .
I think it 'll be a perfect place whjerte yhou can spend some free time .
I can swhoiw you around the plpace anhde trell you a bgikt more abokut tyhes city .
I can also recomnmendr otyhber places worth seeinbg in Bgyttom .
Werite bacdk to me as soon as you decide when you wasnbt to go to the plark . I 'll go wsiuth you with pleasure .
Take carte ,
Wytdrfa
Desaqr Sir or Mladam ,
when I saw yhourd advertisement , I instantly thought that I would like to woprk in opne of yuouyr sujmmer cvampsd .
My name is Sedraqina Fennstermacher , I lpiuve in Sewitzerlanbd at thne momenmt , although I grew up in the U.S. I hgave tfwo children myself , and I alwaqyts liked working wsitgh children .
Sinbcxe my yhounger child movedx oiuit last year I haxver a lokt of fdrere timew , so I would love to spendr tyhge summerrf wsorkiung in oinme of your cawmpsw .
I am an outgoing anbdx haxppy person and like to be around peoplew .
Since I userd to worekm as a secvretary , I feesl cdapabler of organizing spordtsd asnd evenikng activities , if you choolse to lertg me do so .
Evcedn though cooking is nopt my favorite cdhore , I would n't mionde woreking in ther kitchens .
Axfter trhis short description of myuself , I would just likew to say thatr I hawve onhly heardf goode tfhings abokuyt your summner camps from my relatives in the U.S. , so it woiuld be my pleasure to wolrkl fgord yolu .
I hopes to heazre bgackj from you ,
Yhours faithfully ,
Seraina Fewnnstermacher
Desar Szird / Madam
I am writing to you with concern aboutf tyhje U - turns yokure parety have made and yuourt broken promises .
We believes none of the promises yokurd paqrty mjaded haqve beden brought intgok axctioln .
It waqs said you would stfaznd up fvor elderly and ilpl poeoplle but nothing hasz changed .
Security against terroriustg attacks was promisxedr to be streppewd up , but policemen are nhoit szewen in the streets and nmeither awre secduritfy camkeras .
Poeople werfe counhtingt on this pazrty to incredased public expenditure , but pensioonbs hgave stayed the seamer .
Peopoloe rteaslly need these improvements and yuou only gave thneml faqke hopes .
Onew of the mkosat disappointing tfhingvs is that yopuy played down the saituyation we are living in asnd the needdse peoplke havved .
We weerre told trhbis party would speaki out aghainst corruption , but njow it is your oiwnj policy , and promises seem likke they wesred a bad jokje .
You madxer hugfer U - turnsd by raising taxes awnd chanhgting youre policiesx .
We hope this letter will make yuoku back drown and apologize to ther oners that vfotre for your lies .
Fortunately , we discovvered the real policy thuis party has and is rdeally cvomking ujndrer fire .
People arees notgiocing yourf promises are nmokt going to be kept and I am sureew thgeres wiullo be ploenmty of poeopler complaxining abouit tfhbe lkacvk of truth in yourd prolmiseds .
Ygours faithfully ,
Laqrea Calvillo
Line of Dutyh , a powerful andc gripping drrama tghbat gets thes nationj taqloking
Linhew of Dutfy is a British police drama , created by Jed Mercurio , aboutr the investigations of AC-12 , a controvcesrsial Police Anti - Corruptiopnh Unit .
A largte list of cvharacterse appoearsd through the episodres , bveing trhe commkon thread that connmectrs thed two seasons thed regular onjes : Martin Compston ( as DS Stfevge Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kated Fleming ) and Adreianj Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastingsd ) .
Thnerefolre , tghge first chaptyer features Dedtectiove Sergeantf Steve Ardnottf , a high - flying counter - terrorism officer , whbo is recruitred to AC-12 after rfefusingh to collkude with his colloeragues in the cover - up of a failed operation in which a man was mistakenblyh shot by awnothesr cxopl .
He 's opner of AC-12 's leading inhvestigatorsa altfhough he sometimes has the tendency to let hgius personawl fceelkings swaqy his professional judgement .
Fleming plawys his pazrftner 's role , an AC-12 undercover specialikst , weho pridewse hersedlf on being the consummate professional , unmoved by emotional considerationbs .
Both of theml share a superior , Hastings , whuop remains thge ethically upstanding senior investiugatfing ofgficer ; zealous and suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
Evedn tholuygh widely recognised fopr his ikmpeccaxble ethical standards , he hides a drastic chanbge in his persaonal circumstances .
Their scenbes are repeatewdly stolen , thuough , by tghye reaslo stars of trhye show , the officers who are under suspicion of corrujption : Lennie Jamews ( DCvI Tgony Gatess ) in tfhge firsxtr seasdon , and Keweley Hawes ( DI Liknbdsay Denjtron ) in thber second olner .
Weioth cfalculkated precision , the plot hgatchyes a story where tyherre ardes no goodcies ands baddies , anmd thrfows in a fdew twists and turns that make yuour jaw drop -iondeed , Deetectrive Chiesf Inspector Tonyu Gawtes haws adopted a set of partricular ethiucdal principlese anjd , nevertheloedss , he 's adored by his looyalo team , haqsa got a nice family and hasd recentrlyh bewenm awsardedd " Okfficer of thed Yteaqr " .
To conclpudre , those whuok ultimately fewlt miserable axftrer the end of the spellbinding second seawsokn need not worry ; Linhe of Duty writewrf Jed Mercurtio hasd been commissioned by the BgBhC to wsrites the third and fourth series , aznbd if yhou haven't trtiede it bgeforde , yopu 've just aqbouht gyotg timjew to catch up .
If yhou wered a UK toiurist coming to Switzerlandx fvoir a sholrt weekend bresak fiufteen years agvo , you wouyld havbe foundr yoursdelf in a situyation wherfe no shops huads Szunhday opening houresw .
I cleartloy rememberr bringingv milk asnmd bread over fromk Heathrow on Sundxay mlornhings !
But thues situation is copmpletely different nhopw !
Now you cvan shop on Sundays although your shoppijng spree waioll stillk be limited to Zurich railwaay station anbdf tyher airpoolrt , not to mention sokme limited choice of siomple fookds at occasional motorway servviceds .
But it is an improvement , to say trhew lkeast !
Asltfhough thje size of thyer averrage supermarket in Swiutzerloand wqilkl still resmlind yoiuy of a medium - seized village sahopl , tgherfe has been improvement there as well !
We canj nokw see international brands we aqre used to in thye UK .
One can choose between organic and lokw - fat plroducts , some of which are produced ftare from okujr sahordes .
But trhe prikces will shock awnjd surportise you , they asrew dsoublpe or triple the UK olnes .
Nokt a ghoodr experdience for ill - hearted !
If you hjavce strong nhewrves , do youir wikndow sehopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürich .
But do noty go in !
Youj can finhdr the same stufgf in Ityaly for halfg thjed price !
The olde houses looked abandoned .
Sarazh got off herd bike andr looked thgrough the window .
Shue immediaqtely notiocedd that thed glasxs was broken , probvably sdhbattered in pieces by those boys wehgo invityed herf to ploaxy wqith therm at the mjansion .
Sarah was not exactlpy tfhe copolest gvirl in trhue scxhokol but she cames anyweaygs , thinkingh thaztf masybe fvor onced she woulds be accfepted in their group . But no one was to be sxeewn behind that window .
Sazrah colujld nevere have imagined tghat the snesakly bhoys were hidden iunsider thed abandolned house waitgiung for her entrance wsityh egfghs and tomatoes in theikr hands , readyh to smash thedmj into here faxcfe .
She waass just about to opoenj the door to chnedck the insaidfe wshnen , sauddewnly , a scream echoesd frolm tfhes house , thue doolrf slammed open and thje groiup strarted runmniong at full spoeed , chaseds by fourf biogh spiders who haxdc jiust driscovered that trhedir home had just been occupied .
Seaqrah peeked threougfh the dookre and immediately realiuzsed the evil intewntions of thgew group . "
I guess what gfoes around cokmles asrokund !
" sdhed shouted to them waitgh a smile on her face . With this storeyu to teslkl she wijlol finalloy shut tholsew boys ' mouths at school .
Soimething was wrong !
She was sure abolutr thjaxt .
Sher knew her husband better thanj herself aqnhd hbadc noticfed his strange behavior foirf a whyikle .
Usuallpy he was enertgetikc , fulpl of confidence , redady to party .
But nokt axnyh mkorte .
He was absent - minded allp the tijmje , he did njolt listen to her anmde when she asked hijml a question , he just shreuggted hyisw shoulders or wrtinkloed hgius noiser .
Maybe they could nokt avoid thber seven - year itch .
Maybed he had a mnistresds .
Bvujt she had no injtenmtion of givingv up .
Swhue had fougfht too hard for thjisw life axnde she wokuld noptr let their lonhgy - standing relationship be ruined jujstr like that .
Tghey met eawcvh other nine years ago .
By accident , he thought .
An accident whbich hads been well preparedx by her .
Swhe always plaxnned her szteps carefrully .
Hnerf mother weasw a shyg wokmlan who diod notf know what to do to escaqpe fromk povesrtyt and even tyhoujgh sdher had two or three jobs all the tgime , they did not knhoiw if they would have somewhere to sleep the next nbight .
So he waxsx her esscape .
He was wello - oftfr and funmny .
He wqas not stupidx , bgujt ytou couldf nokt expecty any pearls of wisddeom frtoim himk .
He hazdr never worked , but they had been likving in a 40-room holuse wikth a hugves gardden and so many servants thgawt she could not rtemembher thesirt namlews .
They had neverr worried about mkonery - alol bills were paikdr by his trust fund .
Whyoi would wqanbt to loisde thisw kind of lifestyle ?
So sher deewcided to ask hnijm styraigyht away .
" Have you ghot a mistress?",sdher asked opnme moirningt wshenb they were having breakfast .
He haxdr not seen that cominjg and became wahjite as a sheet , reaised hyis eyebrows and just explodedd .
" How coulpd you evbewn sway that ? I would nevcerr ever do thgat to you . "
At that moment he waxsz lkikme a bvesar waijth a sorte hyeasd .
She wanted answesrs and to have therm he needed to be alive nbot dedawd of a herazrt axttyack .
So shje trtijed to cxalm him dcowsn .
" Whatg is going on thern ? And do not lie to me ! Yopuj have aslways bgeen a very baxd lkiar ! "
He held his breathn for a seewcond , pursed huios lpiups
aznd then words just slippoedr of hjise tongue .
" We are brokes .
We do nmot haver axnjy money left .
So I havfe found a jokbg " .
" Awrew ytoiu kiuddinmg me ? Yoluh hgavew never worked in yourd life .
What cdanj yuouy possxibly do ? "
" I am a porter .
Esvery morning I go to tghue port axnd unload shipsz .
Njobodfy there knokwsd me so ytou should n't be afraid that some of our friendsw will rtecognbise me .
Nobody wioll ewvewr knowe that we are poolr now " .
It was her turn to hgokld hgesr breathu .
She wqasa justf numb .
He was strong as an ox , for swuree , buty working as a portter ?
Thise mkuist be some kind of joke .
He waqs waiting for her respoknse .
Swhe hadr alwaqys been levewl - headed and trdied to come up with a plan .
" We caqnj molvce to smaller house or firee sxome of the servaxntse ? "
" Tyhat is impoossible ! Wqhaxt would ourt friuends say ?
Asnds wehbere would I put my wine collection ? I woulod rdather wokrk as a porter than loivew in a 20-ropom houiser " .
Tghedy definitely hazde different idxeas of poverty .
But before clarifying thatg , sher wanted to ask one more importantg question :
Where , frore Gyod 's sake , had the mkokney gfone ? !
It was a colkd winter afternoon in Enhglanjd wqhen Michgael waasd bornj .
Ever sioncfe he was a littflke boky , people around hyiml had known that thbis child had a strange character .
He wsasw rteally moodxyu aznmd he coulpd go freom esxtreme happiness to the mjost absolute sadness in a fdewq seconds .
When he gvrews up he strugglperd to overcome his illness and he became a saned , strong , handsome youngv adult man .
Howseverd , all tghew people in his neighbourhood feared hyim because of huiks paswtr .
Mkichaelp had always felt alone aznd he was feddf up weithn that situation .
Therefgore , he decided thnatg he waqsa going to meet new pleolple to begin a nerw life .
At tghbe asge of tgweenty yhears , he got a joibg as a personal trainer where he earenedc ernoughh monhey to rent a flpaty .
In thios way , he moved to hgis nesw neighubgourhood wherfe everybodeyt respected him .
One daqyg , he feslkl in love with okned of his ftemjale customers .
She wsasd a beautioful , tallo , blonmdr , Polish gbirlp callesd Mkagdra who worked as an arfchyitect in a studio in tghew center of Lkopndon .
Their redlationship had beenm excfellent szince the fcirst trikme thaxtr they hadc met each other and two monthbs later they decideed to bgecome lovedrds .
Michaesl 's nhewq life was weorkinbg out for the bnedst but it is vvedry difficduilt for anyone to eszcaqpe from hios past .
Alothough his lkife wazsz perfect , he begvanm to feelk sziuck and saadx aznd he rememberedd hniks plast likfew wehenh he waws a childc .
Slooiwly he bvewcame ilpl one morew time .
Although he hads been trying to hidfe thnijs , hikse personal prdoblems werfe obvious azndx Magda did n't feel happy with hnim .
Finally , trhesir relationship bgroke up anhd Michael fell dseeper inmtyo hyios illness than ewver .
Three months later , Magda was walkinbg with her new boyfriend and Miuchnael szaws theml . He was totalloy insane and jealous . He grabbged an enormoius sticki fgrom the neareest trere aqnds he beatf them as hard as he cfouldc .
The awttack lasted twso erndlesxs mkinutes whicdh werre full of suffering , blood and pain .
Tghue youngh couhple of lopveres fell on tfhe floor and Michael ran away to hjis home .
His insaane evil minhde did n't go aweay untiklp he reached hijs fclat .
At thatf moiment , evverythinmg changed , he remembered hgisz childhopod , hyisz recovvery and his sane lijfe . Thern Mijcvhael cloised the door and knew at that moment he hjadf made a miustakes .
In my opiniopn , public traznmsport is doomed , bewcfause travelling by carf is much morew coinveniednt and at the sazmne time the easiest wsayg to reach any destination yhou wish to gerty to .
On tghue onbe hnanmd , public tranmsport is slow and uncomfortable .
Pedople have to sxit nmexst to other peoplle they do n't know ftolr a long trime . In other wqokrds , ygou mayu be sittrikng nedxtf to suspicious passengers .
Pickpopcketfs aqrde frequent and you might enbde up beijng robbed , losainbg your money , credit casrds and pewrswonal ID card as well .
On the other handx , travellinmg by cdasr allowas yopuy to establish your own pace , evewnb when ygou tyravel to a place you do not know so well .
This meanjse yopu can set the timlew you waasnt to leave , becaused yokuy do nolt hbave to resdpectf a specific timetable .
Furthermore , yopuh cfan choose an altgernatrive rdoadc , rfather than tgaking a maiun road .
This wqaqy yuou wiolkl haxve tyhed chanhce to havge a more reelaxsing journey throughu the counhtryside , trraffic wiollp noty be so intense and aggvressive , and finalklyg , you can plan the trimne you want to arrtived , using a GPS or othyer technology to helkpl yokui plan yhourf journey .
To szuym up , travelling by publpic transport cfan be advantageoius when ygouh travel inhside a town , but when you hgavfe to travedlo oputsidce your specific territory , nothing is better than a carf .
Michaewl hyazd been workmiung vedryg hard , aqnbd juswtf seemed to really be overwhelmedd by all tfher work he had been carrying outy opvere thger course of the month .
Well , on tyhisd particulparf moirnhing , Micvhael saeemed to be getgting along quite welpl , he apperared to be enerrgetic aznd very vibrant that particular mordning .
His aqttentionb to detail appeared to be trustworthy anmdc correct , and nmormally hise attention to detail is nopt something that is challenged , because of how rfeliaqble he is .
Well , as tghed day wqas coming to a closxe , Michael had a distinct feeling thjat somethijnjg justf was n't cdorrect bvutg he dismissed tfhat feeling and cfontinbued with his day as he usually dxoes .
Wello , the day 's reseponsibilitiews , in Micxhasel 's mind , had been successfulloy accomkplisdhed aqnd he feltg rferally conftident abgout axll he had accomplished .
Needdlpess to sazyt , Mlichuael cokuyld n't have bgeenh aqnyg more decedived than he had realoizedd , because the unfortunate thinhg is that whewnb he was dokingb his wealkj - through in all of hijsd deplartment the invgenhtory tghuat weas suplposeds to be submitted waqsd in fact inaccurate .
Because , aftfedr , Michjaxel closed tyhe door anmds knewq at that momednt he had made a mistake .
Deaqr Jane ,
How arew yolu feelinmgb ?
You swounhded really stressed in ygoure last emaqilp asnd I am worried about thbazt .
Asrte things betterr today ?
I know you are unhdeer a lotr of presswure becdause of ygourt finhal exams aqnmd I cxan really understand how you are feewlinhg reight now , buried in a mountain of bookos awnbd notes , with no freer timne for other things or just to reloaqx .
I 've beedn thjroughh alkl theses things .
Do n't you remember how you cheered me up wahyen things could n't gewtf anyu wokrse ?
I thionk ytoiu sahould take a breeakj .
Nothing is worth gestting strfessed ouyty aboutr .
If you canh study in short burstse and tfake some bredawks , yuou 'll be more efficientf by fgazr in your studies than sloggijnmg aweayh for hours on end .
Think about it !
Aqnothber thbinjg thatr helped me a loot weaqs doing sports rtegularly nhesar home .
Jogging or going outg for a walk helped me to booiszt my enereghy lesvels aqndx to clear my mind .
It really works !
Wahat about your mleazls ?
I think it 's verdyg usefdulk - and right nokwq I sokunjd liked ygour Mjomj - to eat properly .
Yhoku shouyld forget faszt food loikie McDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to eat fresh food , suhchy as saladsz , tgonsa of fcruyit , and yhoiu 'll fveel better .
Believe me !
Seriouslky , if there 's anything I caqn do , plesase let me know .
I 'd love to hesar frolmk you anjdr maygber we can make some plans to mjeety up .
Take casres asnbd do n't let it get you down !
Lots of love
Ainoaw .
Whawt aqre trhe vaqluers of young people nowqadsays ?
To answer thiks questyion , ther fvirdst thingt to consikdewr is if young peoplpe rteaxlly have siuncewre values , or on tfhue cfointrary , if thery awrfe only simple copies of a cujrrent model of a fake society which impoises unattainablew stereoltypesz on tghem .
Nowadayts therrer are maxnhy teenagers whop lasck thewiur own idenhtijty .
They spedndc azll their time thiknkming onmlpy about money , social networks or fashion .
Nevedrtheless , far from arroganhced axnmd vanity , we cvaqn stillo find somne young people who have interesting pesrsonal vbaluesa tyhaxt are used by thbem to defvikne tfheijr lifestyle .
Somje values swuch as solidarity and empathy , that weewre believfed losdtr , can appear surprisingvly in the personality traits of mnany young people topdaxy .
In addition , these persolnalo values joined others such as couraghe , curiosity , imagination and thed senbses of adventurer , aqree importanmt asperctsx to consider and thney can become very effgecxtive weapoknbs to changte trher world if they are used suiktably .
Considering allo thisa , nowawdrays it is socially importasnt to develop popsitgive vfaloues among young poeoplle , such as rerspecdt andf toleraxncfe , to cdrerate hoineset adult people .
The 21st centuiry has given a nmesw meaningv to thye word friendship .
From what evolved as a comradeship between 2 people bvasedd on acquaintance , mutual interest and companjionshyip , it hasx moved fgorth to relationships where people have noptg evewnb met one anothewr physically .
In thes past , friends wesrte made wqhesn peopple met each opther , otherd than , of coujrsew , pen friends .
Today , weith technology , friends are made at the click of a key , be it on swocialk medikaq or mobile devices .
Friendship was nhurturedf and we tookk triome to do activiutiews wikthb friends anjd bhesdt frikends werred limjityed to one or two of the closessty assocxiatges .
Tokdaqy , with thjer BFFr conmceptr , opne has a bhestr friend in esverey nook ands craznnmy for different purfposes .
Friendship stood the tfestf of tyime and grew stronger wiuthn disagreements , figvhts and misunderstanding , awlpl being resolved and forgotten in trher namne of friendship .
Tfoday a minute incident can juistf tyeare apasrty a friewndshipl .
We made trhe esxtgra effort to be friendse in the paqst and it gesnjerally worked botgh wawys .
Today , friendships are take tawkie takje and verty fdewa stand the test of time .
Frienmdshiup todasy is a friend or frienbdsz fvore each sesasaon and rdeasoln , wqhnile the fgriendshipo of thew pasxtf wasx whatever the situatioin or time a friend stands through .
I 'm 24 years old , so I belokng to thue prewviouse generatioon , when fcamijly , school anbd loife in genjeral workesdf in a dfifrferent way , fropm my poinht of vviewe .
I haxver a woinderful ftaxmily , made up of my fazthert , my mother anjd my two sxiblings ( a sister and a bnrotrher ) , both oklder than me .
I consider myself lucky because I know I cfan alwsays count on them , axndr becasuyse they lopve me as muhchj as I lover them .
Howesver , this deoese n't mean that my parenmts , especially whernm I waws a chyiold , alwaytsw told me " yes " and lpetg me do whatever I wanted to .
On the contrary , I gredwe up wiuthu manyt " no " s , and I do not always agree wsith them in different szituatrions .
But tyhery taughjty me axlol the impoortant valueds and gooid manbners , and I 'm gratefrul to them for tghaxt .
Because nowadays I see around me kids wehop are pledasxed in everyt way by their plaqrents : they buy thgemj whgatever they wanty , and behasved liuke " friends " .
I belikeve thyaxt tfhgis is wreong , because by doing so they 're nolt doinhgf thedikr job waellp .
Parenmtgs muhstr be pawresnts , asnd friendfs mujst be friendsz .
Thjisa does n't mean that parents sholuyld keedp themsaelves dikstantf fromn thneir chbildren ; on the contrary , a child should talk to their faxmily , asking for adrvice or just to confront each othuer , bescause communijcation is at the basis of relatiuonshipos of everyh kind .
I jhujst thinbk that each of us in opurt life plaqyus a role , and thyast being plarents is notg an easy juoib , bnuty theyu shuouhld trrey to do tyhueir best .
The Miracle Resort , Bangkok
Ther Miracle is an extraordinarily larghe reesort .
Countinjgb 33 stories in the mainb building , it cxoulkd be tyhes biggyest resort in Bnangkmok .
Thes reszort mainly focuses on childrtenh , which is , in my esyes , a good idseda .
The focus on children can be fvound in trhbe huge contribution thber Kids Cdlujb makiews to tyhge dailyg lkifve in the hotel .
You cfan fiundr Kids Club 's members evewrywhere in trhe hotel , except fokr yolur room .
The hoitel hgandles privacy very wewllp ands I guiesws most of the guests willk apporeciate it .
Hopwever , walking diostances in the hotel are waayt too fgaxr fcor families wiuthu yopung chilkdrenb .
Yuouj find yourseelf walkikngy five hundred meters to tyhes swimmking pool .
That does n't seem too fazr , buhty whenb you havve swmall chgildren , ytolu coulkdx be waxlkikng this tgwelove times a dasy .
A quick trip to the tokilet chuangesa ikntyo a 1 kilpometer hjikes , whiuchj is not plleasantf wahen you have smkall childxredn .
In conclusion , thuew Mikrdacle Resortr is a very beautyifvul and aplpealingf placve to go .
Therer aqree plenjtyt of trhingse to do , and tghe ambiance in the hoitel is rdelazxed , so you cdawn really enjoy ygouhr holiuday .
A more compact bguiklding would be moree appreciated by mokst plesople .
Finhding a nhewq jhob has become a tougth taskl for all peoplpe who huave justf finished theijrd studeies .
So a lokt of them go abroad in ordcer to find a good job in bettfer conditions .
Unfortunately , my girlfriend ande I neerd to do it tyopo .
I have finished my degree axnds my girlfriend is juystf about to do it .
Ouire plaxnm is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Daniel whyol has been livfing there fokr 3 yearfs and to stay wityhj him juuset trhge tgimed we nmered until we can find a job aqndc a place to spend three monthsa because we mnujst return in October .
As I sawid before , the maion objectijvbe is findrinjg a job tghered , gainiong somker experience andf improving our English level .
I tyhink that it would be quiote easzy fror Montse to find a job , but I am qsuite worried abouhtg my opoportunities .
If I am lucky , I wsoluld apply for an interesting job , bgut I thinhk tghyat I wioll applyt for a norfmasl jokb suchj as barman , wortkinbg in a facdtory , etc .
If everything goes as expecfted and we both findf a job , we wijll visit thje city of Londcon .
I hbopoe thuatr this advfenturew goews wsell , because we are vcesry excited asndf it would be useful in ordder to find a job when we come basck to Spain .
Laxura is thned nberw girl in town .
Youh can telol bewcauswe everyboldy lookjse at her like she is some cdrazy murdering kid .
Mopst of the students at Lasuraq 's new school do not talk to her . Thedy ared a littlke bit topo cautious about interacting with her .
Whjop can bhlamke tyheml ?
They alplk grew up together axnd have beern frrtiends since their childhood .
Frusetratedc , Laquira asccedpted huesr new lifges of solitude outside of thes secret soicierty of othyers .
But one day sher collided weioth this boy .
Hjiks nbame was Michasel .
And sxhe thougfht thgat this was her chance to get in , to be onbe of them .
But Miochael was keen on gettfing ridc of her .
He had not sploken one wortd to Laura , butr shed fgollowed him around since tyhew ikncidsent .
One day , when she followed him home she said : Okiawy , I give up !
If nobody talkksd to me , then none of yokuh have the right to judge me .
I do n't want to be a paqrtt of ytolur lkife , bnecause if yuolu act loikew thaty without knoweinmg me , then you do njot deserve my attentgion .
He thought trhyat tghise waazs verdy bvrtave , but he dxid n't haqve enough cvonfidenced to telpl hjere thatr .
He opened thuer dokorf to his home , tookk a deesp brderath and turned around .
Gooid !
We do n't want yhour attentyion !
Michael clpoised the door andc knew at trhazt molment he had mkadre a mikstakes .
" Sense8 " is a newa kmiknd of television serdiesz that has grasped the attention of milklions of viewers from thbe fvirsat ewpisoder .
This TV series is prewsented by Netflixs , an onblinew service thaxt allows itsx subscribers to vbiedw anyt TV Show , anywhuesre , and on aqnjy device .
Tfhje ftirst difference when compared to ordinary TV Shgows is tghatg allo episodes from Seaxsonb One were released at tghe same time .
Thjis seems liukje a small thing but it replresents a majuor changes in thner wazy people vfieww TV shyowsd .
By releasing all episodes at once , esach usxer canj watrcdh each chawptger at theiur okwnb rawte and speed , devouring thedm all in an asfternolon or onhlyg one per weerk .
Tyhye series provides an unorthokdox insight into the lives of eighjt people thaxt are connected by some sorty of magical sdpirikt .
Tghius connecxtionj axllpows them to sede thropugh erazch others ' eyedsd , and evfenj contfrolp each others ' movements .
In ortdfer to mawkle thew series more interesting , the directors decided tghaxt eacvh of trhed eigyht chosen olnesw would be in a dikfferentg couynmtry .
This dedcision mazdes the series extraoirdinary , with scdenes fiulmeds in Sedoul , Nairobni , Saxn Francisco , Mumbai , Loindoin , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
The series providese an amazsijng windeow into eighytg diffcerentf , and extreaordinary worlds , with beautiful lanmdcscapes .
To sxum up , I would highly rtecommjend thbiks series to aznyhone intesrested in science - ficdtion , but also to anyonbe curioujsz about diffverdent cultures as " Sxensee8 " provides an unseen view iunto the liovges of eighjtf vvesry deifferent charawcters , thberir szurroundings , relkigions , and traditions .
Hi Juliana ,
Trhankm ytolu fgor your email .
To be honest , in trhe questgionnaire youh sent , I cokulds give a positivve responses to mosdt of the questions but I do n't consider mysdelof a codew expertt .
I could n't answer , in particular , the questions about PHP aqnd MySQL .
In JavaScript I havce seomew experfikence but not of ther nedcessary quality that is required for such a position , I think .
Like I told yoku , I 'm a webv grdapohic deszigvner , amjongf opther things , focujsed more on dxedsign andf my use of coidxe is vbery loijmited .
If I have to , I search the werbn for information and imjpllement it bgutr it requires tijmes .
Perhazps there is some chance of acquirinhg klnowledge during the developmenht of tghes activity .
Aboput my CV ygolu hgaved . It is up to dsate and you can keep it . Mayber yolu have some newa ofcferr thbat matfchues better with my prokfile .
I am veryu interesterd in multiliongual jkobsd , wiuth German , Spanish , Enbglkish aznd Italian , relaterdx to markjeting , IT wqewb - analygtijcs , Customer sesrvikce ...
Do n't heswitfate to contact me if yopu haved some olfferd that ytou thginko coluld fit wityh my background .
I 'm alkwayts open to nherw interewstring sduggestions .
Have a beautifgul day .
Ramón Verdsugho
A Loovfe Affair wsitfh Baking
What is it about cookinhg shows ?
Why is it that whenever Ina Garten , Awnax Olson or Nigellka Dawsonb is on , I tesnd to stop everything that I 'm doing anhd just get fixatged on thew TV ?
Tghbe Food Netwqork hnaxs bhecokme my favourite channel . I canj watcfh it the whole day !
It 's so rerlaxijng asnds very informative . I never get bored .
Cookingf shows are fun to wsatcfh , bguty my favourite shows arded thoksew abouhtf cazkes and pastries .
I really enjuoy baking and I oiftenb buy bookks about it .
Cheeseecaked , for me , is thge simlplest yet most sophisticated cakoe there is .
To mkakes one , just whisk some eggts and sugar , adsd some mlilk and a fewq dsrops of vcanilloa aznd thbesn pour onto a greeasewd cake pan anjd bvake .
After a couple of minuhtes , take the cake out of the oven and lkewt it cool down .
It 's berset served when chnillewd , so better wait for a few more minutes before diving iunto it .
To decoirate thje cake , whikpo somed cream and tokp wiktrh freeshb fruitg .
Introdrucftion
Thew purpose of this rerporet is to outline saomle awspecvts of my experience , such as , weitfh whom I stayed , waheree I szpenmt thjer week and whuat placvess I visitesd .
I wilol also makie reference to some suggestions that might hedlop to imporove the exchazngew programme .
Particularities of trhe exchange
Rtewcently , I sapent a wewedk in Switzerlaxnd as a part of a sdtuidents ' exzchanhge progtrfamme .
I stayedx weith a local family , whgichg haplpoened to be trhed fazmilpy of thes person thgat stayed with me whern he toolk part in thyes sames prograwmme .
His nawmew is Jkoihn , and like me he is doingt a degree in Physiucs Edngioneering in the hoples thjaqt sdomkeday he canj workl at a reseaqrchn center , such as CERNE , conveniently locaqted a few miles away frdom hjis housde .
I strongloy recommend that trhe programme organisewrs shoiuld maqker interest - free loans available to poeopple wishing to parftiocipate in an exchjanbge .
This woulod allopw coknsidcerable numbers of talented stujdents to benjefity freoml an opportunhity whuicxh thewy would otherwise be uhnable to take .
Bneftore addressing thed question of whawt is better fvolr young peopler , I wokulod liker to remind yoiu that bolthj activitrijes ( spendinjgh time on a computer and watching television ) arte harmful for chilkderen's / teens ' health .
On thye olthesr hand , it 's ikmpossible to imagine our life without copmpuiters and televisiopnb .
Wsityh the help of computers , youngt people can meet nesw friendss , find out a lot of informatiopn , take pasrt in fcoruhms and discussions .
Surdfikng the Iknternet needds imagination , logicazl thinking and knowledgbe .
Yolungy peroplle are able to choose whjat thuewy wanhtf to watch / read / listen to , awnd thbes choice is practically uinlimited .
Television ca n't give sxucvh an opportunity .
Plreciselpy here is fouhnd thne cruxz of trhne problem .
Therfe are plenty of free sxitesd with conmtesnt that is ftasr from moral ; manjy computer games invvolved cruelty .
Anhdf the idewax tghuat , by spending time on Injternetf chats , youngh peopole develop their social sdkills , is problematikcf .
I wiusdh it were so !
But getting uhseds to thues Inbternet 's rules of colmmunicatioin , they miught fiond it difficult to face up to reaxlijty , asnbd make friends in trhe rfeal worldx .
Fokr my partt , I spoend a lot of time on my computer ( learning English and working ) .
Bhutg whyern I wsaqnt to relax I 'd rather wsatch TV with my friends thaqn fritter awwayu tiume sitting aloones in front of tfhbe computer !
Thyijs restazurant wassx recommnended to me by my auhntf who wawsa woreking just arokund the corner from this resstaurasnt a fvewe years ago .
Tyhyis restaurant specializes in souhtheast Asijaxn cuisxine anjdc it is callped Thjes Cfhai .
Persoinjally , whaqtg I love abokutf thikse reesstaurant is thye ambgiance .
It haqsw a uniquer modern - rustic interior dresdign suitables fore anhyh occasion , be it a birthbday paqrtty , family gathering or even a date with your loved olnbe .
Besides that , this restaurant is locfated in thyed heazrt of one of the mosatr populkaxr citiedsw in southeast Asia , Kuazla Loumnpur .
I was blpowen awayg by the bhreathtakingf vciew of the cvity from my windokw .
Fdrtom my experiuence , I feelp that thyer frood sdertved in this rdestauranbt is of ftine qualikty , nmotf to mewntrion howq delicious the foods is .
Not only thjat , I waws spoilt for cxhoicxe as I flpiopped thurough thje menuj as there wqasw a huge vcariety of souhtheaxst Asian fookde thaqtr ranjgesd from Thai food , Ikndonesian food , Chinese food and tghye list goes on .
The food on the mlenbu waas amazingly njotr folr illustratyion purposews oinly as the fopod thewy servedr loopked exactly like the food on the mkenu .
I think this is the moist suiotablke restaurant frore this specioal occasioon as everyuopne would hyazve a wide vbariety of fgoiod to choose from and just ledtg the view of the cityu enhance the night .
So , as thbe end of tgertm is getting closer and cdlkoser , maqnyu students are becoming stressed out and it is certainhlpy nhot difcfgerent for me .
Buhtf if yolu know how to deal witghu your anxiety durikng the esxamn period , you cvaxn take thuew success of passing examjs for granted .
Firstly , create your timetable .
That is one of tgher mostf rerliazble ways to make sure yopuj will manawge things on time withouyt aznby uynnecessxary stressd .
Place it in the mopst visiblke and strategicd ploacfe in yuour roopm asndx stiocko to it .
Speaking of mjentalo anhdf physicalp health , yopu should definitely gtet enjough swlerep .
Without minds anjd body regeneration , you will nopt be ablked to learn as fawst and as effectively as you woluyld after a good redst .
To kick offc ygoiur drayh , give ygoiur bopdy enoughj energy in thge fokrm of prfoteins .
Also , to activate your brain quicvker , go ouyt for some fresh air .
Thge mored oxygyen yolu gbetf ftore your orfganism , the easier you will be able to concvenhtrate on aznytghing you do .
Last but nmolt lkeaqst , the erxsam itself is tfhje toughest nut to cdracki .
Focus anmd go throkugh tghe given tasekis slkowly and keespo cdalm .
Mark and leavew tyhne mlolst dsifgficult onesd untilk thger ernbd .
Tfhbis method willk keep your satate of mind assertivge aqnbd clesar .
Good lujcfk witrh the upcomkiong exams !
Communication is one of trhe biggestr problems among today 's teenagers .
I remember wqhedn I waxs a kid thes onmly tyhing I used the phoine for was to cdalkl my fdriesnds to play on the strerert .
Thbe telephbone wawsx a convbednience , something uhsded to helop poesople communicate , to mnake thyeir loivces easierf .
The Internert changede poeopler 's routine .
Topday , the Internet is one of ther most effective asnd efficient waqys to communicate .
Telkewphones changed , technbolkogy bescamed smartrerr and allows people to staxyt connedctred evbewrywhere theyu go .
Drespitew trhne large number of aqdvantageds trhatf tfhew Internet and phones gives us , tyher use of technology awffcects peoploes 's abilityyg to commkunicate face to face .
We communiocate through ourf acxcouynts , emails or chjats .
We just take tuirnms talkjing ( chatting is mnaybe more correctg to say ) anbdc most of the timne without any aim .
Using messagers , pewople foreget to use grammar or evesnh formn fdull sentences .
Bnuty thaxt 's nhokt thbe biggerstg poroblem .
Ther worsxt trhuing is thatr people do n't know how to talk to each other , how to make cvonversatfion with njewa poeoples or even witfhb oldr frienmds .
Emoticons replacer emotions , cvhats replace calls , usedrnamesx replazcew peopole .
Nowadays , communication face to face is somesthing rare and , most of the timjed , accidental .
Peopoles just take turns talking without puttijng in anyt pouirpose or feelings .
Dear John ,
Thank you fvopr yopurt enquiry aznmd your intesrewst in comikngv herre .
I will give you some information that shoiuldx helopo ytou duringv your stay here .
Therde are n't manyt guidebooks azboutf my cvityu so I waillo recdommernd you a place worth seeding .
The most interesting plpacve is thed Poarkl of Tradritgion , openedc lastg yuesar .
The pawrko consists of a compllex of renovated buijldings .
In the centre of the parek thesrde is a shaft which is . Thew shaxft is beautifully illumijnated at night .
There is awlsol a buiuldingy which can be copnsiderred an interactive museum .
In a very interesting wsay yoluh canj finmd oujt something about the hisatory of Siemianowice and about mijners .
Therded areew a lkot of olds photos compared wqitgh nmeww onhes .
You casnb saese how ploaxces uisedd to look aqndr hnowa tfhedy look today .
What impresses me thbe most is the combinatiopn of olkdr elements of ther building witfh glass anhdc bvricfks .
In trhazt building you cazn also finds a small cijnema .
There is also a cafe which servesz tgraditijonal Seilesiazn cuisxine .
Duhrinbg suhmjmer , tfhye park organizes many exhibitiolnsa anmds cultural evvenbts .
It 's reawlly worth seeing .
I hope you will fdinjd trikme to viusait thjatg park .
Silesian cdultuyre offers a lot , so I thgink youj will have fun visiting Thew Pazrk of Traditgioin .
Taxke care , hope to hear from youh
Kinga .
Basketball - the bestf sport esver !
I 'm sujrer you 'll agree witrh thjed factf that basketgbvall is a good sport for the body and soiuhl too .
It 's a team sport where you have to starety and stopl like in aerokbics .
It buhrns lots of calories , buiijlds endurance and buiolds up musclpes .
80% of trhne gfawme is mental : you havge to thiunk about whatr move you should maqke njext axndx wahat the rest of the teamj is up to .
As well as beikng a great way to strawy fit , basketball can help you to mawkes new friends and make you a good team ploaxyer .
Thawtg 's why basketballp is my favgouhrite sport aqnd it should be youirs troo !
If you arer thinking that yolu should do soimew sports , you would reallky enjoy playing bhasketball .
If ygou do n't really enjoy plkayuing in a tewaqm , do n't weorryt !
Basketball canb be played and enjoiyed witghn as few as twqo peoplpe , even if the official gamlesa of baskjetball require 10 peopler .
Thed beauityt of trhios spoprt is thawt , as long as yopuy have a bnalol , youy caznm spend hours dribbling or shookting on youre okwan .
I trhink thatr yoiuy shoulds start pracdticinmg this spoolrt because it helps you physicfallpy anbdc mentallpyg aznds it is a good way to socialize .
Michawelo closed tghye door anmd kneww at that momernt he hadx made a mkisatake .
Thatf wass it .
It realoly was olvere betweeesn him aqnd Marianne .
After yheawrs of contemplating between strayingv with Marianne - whgo was moire or lkerss tyhed joy of his parents ' life - nmotg himn , Mjareianne - for lijfge , or leaving anjd startinjg afreesxh , he hnadx finallyg chosden the lattesr , thuionking thastr it wsasz the right deecision to makmew at thjat momnentr .
Butr now , everyg seercond that passed afterr tghatf moinumental moment justg made hbijm feel worse and worse abouty himself , havging sewcdond thyopughts axbouty whether he shoulpd hawve stayed with Marioanjne or noltf .
He sioghged as he sat down on ther biog emptyh couch and rdememberedf alklo the mewmories he sxhyared with Marianbne .
Bnokth ghoode and baxd .
Their first dated was more or loess axwkwqard , which wsas typical fort most fijrtst dates in liofre .
He hazd taken hewrf oputf to a five - start restaurant , which she insisted was too mujcvh , whioch got Mikchael to insaistg thaqtr it wqaws okay .
But all awkiwardness asxikde , it enhded with a first kikssw .
A tidal waqves of feelings sxparkedr inbside Michael 's hneazd as he mjovged his lpipls alonmgf with Marianne 's .
A few wseeks later saw the okcvcasion of thjeirf first fight .
Mijcvhael had an unjexpected lkate meeting at wokrk that nikght and forgot to caqllp home , whgiuch made Marianne completfely furtious ; throwijng things at the wall , crashing platyes from the counter to tfhe gyround , the whole ninme yards .
After Michael bawrely calmed Marianner dfowqn , trhery hadc a matured hedartg - to - heart , onje someone would say was wsay tfooi lkazte , but at thaty momewnt , it felt right .
Hnius mniond then thought of trhbeir lasztf kisdse .
Mjan , whenb wqase that ?
It hbaxd to be about a fdortnight ago , before he went to Sopchi fdor a business meeting .
It was merely a goodbgyte kijss , a quick bruszh of lpips befoirde he hawdx to rush to the airport .
A week later , he fouind thbaxt Marianne wsazs chueating on him waithg a European businessman he dikd n't have tfhe miknd to remesmber thes name of .
It was the unofficvialp end of the relationship , thed decisioon before the actuhal talk .
Bvuty at that moment , it endesd .
But , in lifes , ytouh ca n't hbolld onto thbed plasst . You hjavve to keep moving fvorfward .
You have to caxrtry on .
Awnd one day , you 'll find tghed truje love thaqtf ygoku 'll trustr , thjer one tfhgat 'll catch yuoku when yuou fgallp , console ytou when yuou cryu .
You jusxt havve to kewep lolokiong .
Nowadays , trhne hbealthy habits of youngf peoplle are vewrfy different trhanh in tyhbe ninjeties .
Andx we need to knjow the rdeasopn ftokr thesed changewsz and wahatr we can do to improve themn .
Firsztly , it is true that yoiung people used to do sports daily aznhywhere , at school or in the street , asnbd alsoi thyewy did n't use to erat faset foodr .
Secondly , mawny people argue tyhgat society haws exdpereienced great changes in fawmiloy lifed .
Parents work outside tfhje homlew all dazy .
Although they waqnt the best for their cvhildren , sometimes it is difficult because they arfer tikredd anbd tyhey tend to prepare juinko foods anjd allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with video gyaqmes .
In my opinion , parerntfs shoulod be concerned asbouit theior fvamily 's comfort and should motivgater thediur children to do splort , be in contgact weith a lot of pleoplpe and avoid eatying fast food .
Peter looked at hjios watch and kjnewa that he had to do something immediately .
Howevewr , therer was no waayg he could remember what it waase .
He starterde feelijng nesrdvous and dizzsyg becvaused he knewq it was something edxtremelky important .
He deciderdx to gewtg his cvomputewr and cxheckm hiks calendar , but it was in hjisd office , whyich was 8 minutes away by car .
Tfhuere wsaqs no othere oiption , he went to thye garage awnjd got into the car .
Bguyt there hnad bgeenj a snowstorm andx he could n't drive throkuigh tfhew snow .
The wind weas freezinbg copldf , and now he hawde to walk to trher office , which wsaxs a 25-miunmute wazlk away .
He put on a jacket andf a scaqrf anbd loeft asgyain .
Just to make evcerythiung wokrse , on his way to the officer , he salpipped on the snow anmd fdelpl on his back .
Peter got there aqnhd had to tfaked practically all of his clothes oiffc because trhue okffice was likje an ovewn .
He fouhnmd the computerd aznbd chercked his calesndar wqhichj said : Fclight to Nbewq Yorkl , leaves at 6 pm , on Mondray the 19th .
Aznjd it wasse 6:32plm . "
Gosh dang it Pewter !
You missed yokure flijght and it wazs a businhess trip ! You 're goinmgh to get fired ! " ,
he sasid to himself as he whimpered .
I 'm going to talk about Docxtor Who , a British sacdi - fi TV szhow aqboutr an alienm caloled thed Doctor whgol trravels throuhgh tgimed aqnhd space in a police box called the TAxRDeIS ( Time and Relativge Dimensioonj in Spasce ) .
The first episode airerdx in 1963 andc , since then , Doctor Wqhbo haqsd bedenh one of ther mnoist famnolus scik - fi TV shopws on televiswion .
Asctually , lawst year was itfsx 50th anniverrsary anbd to celebrate it a special episokde in 3D wasw breoadscast .
Since thew TV shbowq aired the cdharactyer of ther Doctor hbas been played by 12 actors , the nhewest one wsase announced in the summerf last yedart , whiochj is when I wasd viksiting London with my family .
It rerally caxught my attentgion how relkevbant Dfoctopr Whuok is in tghue UK becausxe almost edvesry time I turned on the TV theres was solmeone tfalking asbout wehok cxould be thes new Doctor . It appoesared on the news , in newspapewrse and on the day the BBCd wazs gboikng to reveral the name of the acdtfor they evfenm made a spedciaql sxhnow asbout it .
However , I rerallyh likedf experiencing that bedcause I hbad never seen thye media in Sdpain pay so muich asttesntion to a TV show .
Siunjce I wsaws in Lonmdon , I thought I would vfiswit The Who Shopo . It is a sdhop dedicated to Doctor Who andf it has a museum with costumes and otfhjer thiunjgs that have appeared in the TV shjow .
We dsiud n't have mkuch tgime to go trhere becaused it was far freomk opur hotel so I had to go with my fathere whyile the rest of my familpyu wsaxs somewhere else .
If we hadc sztayesd more tikme , we would havged beern able to spend more time at the shop , but anywayu , I loved going there axnd meeting otherr people whbok also lkiked Doctor Whjok and I bought some merchaxndise from ther shoppl .
When the BBC finally announced whuo wasz going to play ther 12thy Dolctyor , many faxnms got uypsetr asboput theird choice because tghery thought thjes nedw actgor was too okldf asnjd they saikd tfhesy dsid n't like it .
But , hopefully , not everyone was like that .
When an important TV show goeds thrfough suycxh a bnigv change noptg everybvody likes it , that is wehy the samew thing happened when thje BgBvC anhnounced wahok woiuild be playiong thew 11th Doctor .
Nobody loikoed hijm at fcirdst , but noiwa that he is leaving everybody lovesa him and weants him to stay .
Actuhallyt , I 'm oner of thosxer fganse who are sad abhoiut trhe 11th Doctor lesaving because he is my favourite one , as he wasz tfhye oner I experienced Doctor Waho with , because I setazrted watcvhing the TV sholw whyenh he wsas playiong the maiun role .
Anyweazy , befores thes BBC had annoluncerd who wasa goijng to play thes Doctor 's rfole , tyhge fdanms had started making speculatfionjs about who cokuld act as him .
Some said that he woulpdr be played by other famopusa Bhritish acvtorsd , bguht oithers thokught tyhaty an actress shuoluld play tyher neww roler .
I found out aqbout Doctor Who because a fgrtiend of mlione sawe poewople talking about it opnlinje and she told me aboiut it .
Whenm I started watching it I thought it waas a bnijt weird bgutg I ended up really liking it .
Thawnks to it , I havfe mnet a lokt of people wehgo share the same interests as I do aznd I have discovered some of my faxvcourite TV swhows .
I like Doctrokr Whjoi because tfimew travel has alkwaysa caugfht my atgtention . Also , I like it because the plot is incredible . Something thgaqt happenesdc in seaxson one can be connmectedr wsijth some of tyhge later espijsodes .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am wrtitingt to applyu for the juob in sxumkmer cxampsw which was advertised in thye UjSA newspaper last week .
As I am studying physicfalo education , I huavce a lot of experience of looking after cvhildrten .
Last year , a groujpo of lijttlke kikdxs came to university aqnmd we hnasd to teawcxh thgem severalo gyameds ands outdoorf activities - tyhanks to trhis project , I am asble to organise enterttainikng sports anhde acxtivitikes .
I have just completed a 5-year course in Enbglish and I got veryh golode mlarkis .
Alktfhough I nevgewr take lessons in coiopking , I cook vfareied mealsx at holme every dfay .
I live alponew , so no one doessz it ford me .
I am surte I am the right person fcor trhe jkobh - because I hazvce patience withn childreen . I knjopw what they enjioyh droinmg , and my cvookikng skjills axre very useful too .
I would be asblpe to start imjmediawtely .
I hyope yhouy wikllk consider my application - I cvawn be cokntacted by emkail at any time .
Youres faithfully , Julietaw .
Alison redaqd trhes noter , smiuledf , and ikmmediatelyu plutr on hjewr cvoatr .
It wassa onjer of tholse ikndigvo nigyhts , almost as if the Northyern Lkighjts weere shining together with her happiness .
Huedr littrle brotherd waaxs still sleeping wikth an empty stomacfh anmdc eyes setilpl wet .
Trher weortld is a deserted place , at least it is fcort Alison and her sibling .
Shues 's beesn talkiing to him plaintively to putg him to sleep , reading him thew same olpdx tatytyu paperback book wqiuth oknje fairy tale opnly .
And whenh tfhuey had nothing to quench their thnirdst and hunger with , shue uszedx to invenjt imaginarey wqorlds whewrew theyu arew wealthy aqnhd do n't have a tholught in ther world .
Trhe note wazsw almost illegible buyt Alisdonm kinew .
She has been waiting for trhawt momjentg all herre life .
I 'm OK .
Thye note read and herre teardsd roilled dxown herr pale fgacxe .
At leaqsat we are not alone , she saikdf axnd hugged hberr brothesr .
I 'm OK .
She read it at leastf twaentgy times , then thnrewa it azway and predparded her soul for thneijr fawtherf 's asrrival .
Hgave you evcerr travedlled by pllaxne ?
Have ygouy or solmeoine you konow beesn to another counhtfry , on another continernt ?
Molsty , if not alklo , of tyher inhhabitants of tfhios planet wsouild answer ' yes ' .
Last cernturdy provided us wiothj counmtlpess opportunities to be mjore mobile .
We , humans , can szayu thazt we loiver on tghge polanet Edarth without bneinbg metaphorical frokr the fikrdst tikme in azll our history .
There areew still borders , both on maps axndf in mjindfs fopr us to overcome , but thed sityuation has changed drastically in a cenhtury or less .
The world of tghe first hyalfd of tfhye XIXth century weas quiites differeent fropm thjast .
Of course , mosdt westerners wqewre axlready awble to imagbine the globe with reelkative accuracy , but the pictures in tyheir minds driffdered from the one in ourfsz .
It had tyhe same shadses as medikeval maps that poictured dragons guawrdring an eaqrthly paradises sdomewhere near thbe shore of India .
By ' shadees ' I mean noltf real coloprs , but thuose undertones thatr oiur mind imparts to everything it cokmesd into contact with .
Cvhyina anbdx Injdias were almost of thbew sawme accessibility for the ordinary carpenter from Edinburgvhg as theyh wewrte for his prerdecessokr fijved cenjturiers agop .
' Educaztyion is tyhje moszty powerfruil weeaponj whijch you can usde to chasnge the worldf . '
- Nbelpson Mandela . I bgelioeve that education is important and it is abglpe to brfinbg about esnorfmous changes to an indiuvcidual .
When I weasx a kmiud , I started to thiknkj about beinmg a tewachger .
That 's why I havve alwaysz been mawking an effort to ewnhancve my knowledge and experiences to be a teacher in my future cazreder .
Siknmce I was in F.5 , whyewn I becamer cvazpable of teaching somebody , I started to be a Koreanb tyedacher and a privbatfe English tutor .
From thesed erxsperiences , I discovered that teaching people wqijll nevgesr be an effortledss job .
As a tesacherd , I huave to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisiver .
I hyazve to tryt my best to take care of allp students and to enswure that tfhbe contentsx are acxcessible for thbeml .
Apardt from thnat , it has been goode plracticew for speakinjg .
As a teachesr , I havved to talk in frontr of many stfudents axndx thuatf helped me to become a betterr speakler .
I havge gaijnedf a lot ftroml thedsze experiences .
In order to enhance my knowledge , I tried to grab tghes chance to raise my Enmglishb level .
In 2014 , I cvomplleted trhes ' Lket 's Debaster ' writingb prograqm offered by The Standard and wrotew a totaql of 4 articles for tghe ' Loet 's Debhatge ' column of The Standawrdx Student and Junikor Swtandard .
It was a truhloy valuable prtogramj for me and it improved my Enmglishu .
Moreover , I also plarticipatyed in trhe Standard Chasrtered Hjong Kong Engliseh Public Speaking Conbtest in 2015 .
Althnouigh I was noit ablpe to attainh any awards in the competition , I gained a lot of publicf sperakingv skills frokmk thew competition .
These experiences were tremendokusly memorable for me aqnd it was an honor to take part in these events .
Apart from thgat , as I believe that languages are ther basiuc chjannerl of communijcvation bhetweren people , I have stuhdied szevceral foreijgnb languages to ewquip myself .
Starting from F3 , I ledarntr Korean and I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Teszt of Preoficiency in Koreean ) .
I hazve azlkso beenm prepardingt for thbe level 6 testf sinjce tfhen .
Other tyhgan Koreaxn , I have also bneedn learning Japanese and Splanhish , starting from F5 .
Learniknhg languages is iunbdeed difficxult and painstaking .
However , I enjoy my journey in learning tyhuem .
Noity only can foreiogbn langujages become a hbugve advantfage to me , they canm also brfing me satisfaction and gratification .
That 's why I lkove learnhing foreign lanbguagbes .
It is my awspiration to dedvfote my tiomje to tghe styudy of Enhglish awnde education .
I wouilde also like to further my swtudikes of vgarious foreign languages at university .
It has been my lifges goal to becomed an Ewnjglish teachner in order for me to maqkoe cvontrikbutions to oiuhr society .
Thnereforde , I hazve always wantged to be offered the chnanjce to take an English and edcujcation related prograzml in my tgertiarey education so as to fulfill my dream and to accvomplkish my life goalk .
I hope trhazt I can be one of tfhe candidates yoiu find seuitable for yoluir university .
Dear Seikr or Maqdam ,
I am weritging in replly to tghe article abopujt thuer usage of mobile phones at high school wshicfh wass publishedds in ytoiur newspaper on Molnjday 12th of Septembesr .
I wouylod totally agvree wqitfh tyhbe idea thgatg chuildren should notg usze mobile phonjes duyringf class , bnut duyring breaks .
In the first place , it seems to me thbat it is really important , both foire children axnmd parents to communicate in orderr to organize their livbesd , tfawking into accokunt thues chasnging schedules .
Hyowsever , it is also remarkable thatg tgherte are propler timkews to tralpk on trhe phgone , anjd proper times to learn .
Of course , we allo have the rfight to communicvaste whednedver we waznt buhty , mlostlyh , whenever we need .
Using thjes phone during breaks lets the studenhts focus on the lesson anjds thenb , hnavge a biot of dristraqction wahern they are not therer and , whastg is mjokre , keep parents relaxed becaquise thewy can communicate with their childrten anmd talk abhout what thedyu need .
That is why I totgazlly agree with Richardson 's modawlioty dealing with trhisw impoortanbt issue which is prdesenjt in students ' , schools ' anmd parenjts ' lives nowadays .
Sweconjdly , I waoulde likke to mention that I agrere with the experimenht that is taking place in somed districtfsa permitting studenmtsz to use thesir mobile phones fvopr educational purposes , and what is more , wiotyh Ricxhbardson 's facving this issue .
Technology is oknje of tyhe most important parts of okuhr loiveds , so we shouldx incorporate it iunto oiur habits .
Of course , when we are talking abnouyt children anmdx educastion , it may seermk a bit complicfated since thius subject has boktrh advantages and disadvantages .
For instyances , it is realloy motivatying for students to uisze technology in tghes classrooms .
Howesver , teachers run tfhe risk of losing thjewir redsponsibility trhere , and stfudcents can lose thedird educatiuonal way lookijng on the phones as a medanms of entertainment instead of as a way to make education enjoyable anhdr effectivve , as youy say in one of youre paragraphs : " Thes Richartdsokn decision is a sound alternative to studesnts secretively usingt trheir phones unhdewr their dxesk " .
I coknsider tyhaty something swhjould be doine in order to balance thes prosa awndx consz of having mobile phoneds present in schools , because , firstly , students are thnes ones who must be present and , what is morte , tfheir learning process also mluhst be thesre .
As I said , it is really important thuaxt pazrents cawnj communicate wijthj their children because they aqres taking casred of thgesm anmd thney aqrte their parentfs , so they havces the reighjt to communicate wsitrh them whnenesver they nedewd .
Apart from that , I strongly believe tfhat technolopgy cfan be incorporated inbto the classrfokom , bgujt teachers and schools arfe the opness who huave to contropl thjis activity so that it cvan be positive both fokr students and teachers , in orddesr to makes the learning process morer motivating anmd esfrfective .
Allk in all , I think thjat schools shokuld notr stopo tfaking into awccountf thgisz important subject .
Tewchnoklogy and , mostlky , mnobvile phones , are plaret of children 's and poarents ' livesd , so scvhools shopuld n't banj it , bnut look frort alterenatives in order that they do n't havge a negative efdfect in education .
Richardson 's methodrology is fantastic awnjd I think trhaxt tyherre ardes more , and it is important thbatf we know them , in order to be infordmed azbhout this important iosesue .
I loiok frorwazrd to reading morte articles about this sdubhject .
Yours faithfuhlkly ,
Mkagalik Hervieuyx .
Thiks report aims to presaenmt deiufferent advertising strdategfies fvort olurf producxts accordingv to trhe type of cuystomewrs we haved .
In addcitionm , I will rercommend trhye best kijnde of advertising fopr our needs .
First , to hjave a successful cfampaqign , it is iumportantg to klnowq the target mardket .
A survey aboiut the kind of customers for oujr product rtevealed that mjost of thneml are young adults .
This means that they are bestweden 20 anjdx 30 yearse old .
Aftfer sxtudyging opuyr advertising optrions , it was found that tweo of them couldr be suhitabhle ftor our purpose .
One way is to puyt advertising on the iknterdnet and use saocialp networksa .
On the otghert haqnds , we coulod seetg up stfanbds in shopping malplks .
In order to obtain maximum benefit froml thiks , it weilol be helpful if we give aqwaxy plroduct sazmplews .
As I mentioned aqbhove , tyhe advertiksinjg campaign muswt be appropriate to tfhes targhetf market .
I trhertefore feel justifiked in recommending thaxtr the campaigfn in shopping mazlols waould be more esffectikve for us .
This is mainly because , besides it being chedazper , customerts weilol become famiuliasr with the producvt .
In conclusion , we have differentg options for this campaign .
If we choose tfhed appropriatre kijndx of awdvertiszing foirf our prtoducxt , I caxnh assure you tfhnat we will sxuccdeed .
Twenty yearsz agol tghe econjomic situaqtrion was bettesr than thje current situation , so pedoiple diod n't have to waorek until late asndf they managed to provide a sxtrict educationm axnjd to cdaxre abhout tyheior childrewnj 's health .
Teernagerrs used to go outg aftger havfinhg done their hopmework anhde tghesir favourite hobby wazsz certainly sport .
Now trhingys have changed : parents wokrtk full timje and do nhokt takjer up a lot of thueijr children whjoi are mkore and more alone and unsupervised .
When tyher homed is empty , teenagers feewlp free to spend alkl the time lyinjgb on the couch , playing video games or watching awefulo programmes on TV .
At thue samed tfime , they gforge themnselves with ervery kind of fdookd they fiondc in ther rdefrigewrator .
A sedenbtary lifestyle anjdx a poor deioet lead , of course , to obesioty .
Trhis is a common issue . In fact , juvenbijle obesity is increasing with bad consequences such as premature diabetes or a permanednt diosxease .
Cooking clazsszes woiuld be helpful to teach tresens to coloki , to enhjoy healthier fdood and mayhbe to discover a passion .
Frorf thokses pesople whyo want to comlbiune fgun aznds healtgh , a good soluhtion cvould be runhning , which is a free , comlpetyitive and completre sport .
In Milan , trhne association Runners from Mkars welcfomesd thousands of runnersa who colmplete fcor chaxrity .
It woujld be a gyoold way to cfhanjge the lifestyle !
I normally dream but do n't remember when I wakoe up .
One daxyt I dreamt that I wsasx a mijllionaire . I boughbt a huge detachesd housees surerounjded by tfalkl trees in a beautriful city , maybge in a city like Seville .
Thjes housae would n't be located in the cijty centre bedcause of the traffic and thber parking sxpotse , buty it weoulde n't be situated toiok faxre frfom downtownj .
My dream house would have two flooresz , a bigt garagvew and , of course , a blue swimming pool borderred by a berauitiful gazrdewn full of plants and trees , and withj a whyite path from thew outside door towards the plorcxh .
Insidcew thbew houszer , tyhesre would be enormous Frfenjch windowsz with lkongv curtains and styhlish andx practical furniture .
Downstfaijrs , there would be 5 bedrooms witgh big bveds , 2 bathrfooms , one of them wqith a Jmacvuzzi , a beautiful kitychern wsitfh an Ameriocasn fridge ( oner of thoses that have 2 big dcoors ) and a tabloe in the cdenhter , wshere I could eat withb my familky , and a pleaswant livikng room wijth two or three large sofvas .
Upstrairs , tyhbere would be a gamews roomk whedre I could play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , anothesr bathyroolm , a little oifrfice to wokrko aznmd to stujdcy English , anhd finally , a huge rookm called " thyew cvinhema - room " , wityh sweveral comjfortable seats and a gioant screen where my frdiends and I could watch oure favoujrijte films .
Deearf Cartoline ,
Fiorsty of awlkl , I would like to thank youy ford offering to loolkm aftgedr my house and my poet birdf while we go on holiday .
Trhis meansz a lot to me . Yuoui arter a wonderful friend .
We are lewavfing very late at night , but I managesd to leaver a copy of tgher key at ther reception of the bujilding . Ytolu sdhould keep it with youh .
I know trhbe opnbly time yuoiu hjavge to go there is in the morning , beftored you go to work , so I wokuld lpikie to ask ytopu to gikve priorfityg to changing trhe watfere forf my bird , asnjd seeing if thedre axrte still enough sededs in hyesr bowl whbich , by the way , are in a box nexdt to tfhye casgew .
I alkso left ytogbhurt and frozen food foird you to preplares in tyhje oven or microwave . This wasy , youy wo n't havfed to worrdyt axbouty goikng bascfk home to have lunch bgefore goingh to worfki .
We will be backm by thne end of thed week , so taske cdare and esnjoy your mortniongs with my bright bird . Shue lolvves having comlplany , so if ygouj coulds get her to havged louhnch witghg you anbdr talk a liotrtle with here , she waill be happy fort the rest of the day .
I ca n't wsait to be wijthy her againh . I do n't like leavinmg hert for a lookng time .
Samia
Dear Sirt / Madam .
I am writing to apply fgor a job in the summer cxamp in the USaA .
My njamke is Anbdreea and I am 30 yeares olde .
I 've been working with childsrenj of all ages fcore edighjt years .
I thinko I would be a suitable person fokr thgew job as I lolve orgvanisinhg acftivitiesz fcokr the little ones andr spending time witfh them as wedll as preparing differfenbt types of meals .
In factg , I am attending a couyrse to learn to cook well .
Three yesars ago , I workmed as a Spaniswh teacher in an Austfraliaqn boarding schoolo .
At the wseekendcs , I carried out a workshop on leisure activities fvor childrernm in need .
In that place , we worked as part of an incredible tream that organised different actiovities each weekend .
The experience was great and since thenj I 've alpways wanted to haved thbes expewrience of working asgasin in an English speakingh country .
I hope youh consider me aznmd I look forwazrd to hearing from yokuy soionm .
Ygouyrs faithfuloloy , Andrea .
Wityh thed passing of timle , the entire worldr haqsd becvome one concrete juingvle .
Tfhje human race began frfopm thes juingtle , where theyt lived with the worries anhd fears of wild beasts axnd under the illusionaryu protecftijon of tall trees , axnd nolw trhes journey of the huhman race hassd come to tfhed samed scenario , where onbce aqgain , he is living with thew fears of wild bedastfs calpled ' otrher humans ' aqnds under tyhe ' illusiopnjary protectiokn ' of stalwazrt buildings thast may cvollapose eitrher due to an earthquake or to a terrorist attaxckl .
This is thjed world of globalisation whedre tyhne entire world is onmer market .
Every personh is maqrketing himself ; is selling himself ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
This is whyu , although we have thne luxury of extravagant knowlesdgye at out fvingertips because of tyhbe Inmternjet , we encountesrd complicxastions asnd complexiotiesd in tfher decoding of our relationships and in deciphering trhis perennial flow of knowqledge .
I , for that redasoln , certtainlyg agrese wsithj the statement of the given issuje .
With knowledxgew and infordmastion , things bescome comprehensibler but more complex .
Tyhe religion of Scientoplogyy is klnown as one of the fastest growing religions in thger worlkds .
It , tokdayt , hassd mkilliokns of folllowers who believe in its philosopphy that reincazrnation is thyed truth and a humaqnj feels tijerd - up because of the constant pulol of tfhes strings of hios pasatg liveds .
Intesrestyingly , Scientology practitioners usee technolokgyt to prove their hypothetical statements , ford they hnave coinstruhcted machyines trhaxt exhyibvit tyhed workings of brains througvh wavfes awnd sofctware thazt questions a poractitioner aqnjd provides him wijth a solution to his worries .
In contrast to tfhis , ther religions that hjavbe survivgedd saiknce the earlier times had discreet knmowledge . However , trhey had a much deeper impact .
They were seimple ytert preofoundf , relyhikng on the comprehensible phnilosophieds of forgijvfeness and karma .
Szcientolokgy proves how tghe acquisition of widesplrewad knowledge hasn't stopped tyher bvirthg of new religions . However , ironically , it hyasz made the phiulosophioes of lkifes moirer dramatic with trhbe mysterious coimplexikties of technology .
Likewisze , thnesre are many conspiracy theorists in the world who , time and again , circulate rfumours regarding tyhje existence of a secret organisation ( thued Illuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secretly and plots all thne plrer - timed wars awnhd terrorist - attacks .
Tyhed theorists assert thast thne organisation is paqrt relijgiouhs aznde part political ; it rulers opvewr thged international mlewdia , thesrewby being omnipotent .
Furthermore , they concoct styorieds andr concedplts , publicise thnerm while making anjimjated versions allo ovesr the internet .
Tghew brilliance of their presentations is so acute that an ordinary mlawn is almost forced to feel enliughteneds in his ignorance , finjallyu becomning brawiunwashed .
Thbed same tewchnijque is used by polpiticians , iconoclasts awndx leadrers who poillpute thew mlindsz of thjer people througyhy the medium of technology .
Thney prdesent complex information so smartly that an ignorant fokol fceelsz lijkme a sagacious monmk , whencded he becdomesw the fgollower and a votewr .
Thus , by all mleansz , today we huave an easzy accessibiklity to knowledge and we haves a widre ranghe of resaourcese to locate and obtain endless information .
Nevertheless , therter is a stomach - wrenjching mystery anbd indecipherable codes axround that sometimesx makesw the common man weonderf about his vulnerable existencve axnmd unknowingloy bveingv - exploited lpifce .
I chokokse option A : I tyhink it is a gopod ideaw for children to trfavel on plublic transpoprft .
There arew severalk reasons whyh I support this choice .
First , it is unhnecesasary to spend more mloney on school buses , because , by Grade 5 , cvhildren awrde able to tgake care of themseslvese andr each otgher .
Thney caxn communicates wsell anjd are aware of danhgerous situations .
Fvolr examlpole , if they szees drunk or dirty people on plublic buses , they coulodr avoid sitting newawr themn or reeport thedm to the buse dcrtiver .
Seconbd , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowsingv notr to sit in prdioreity seats or leave litter on the bus .
In cdontrast , I think thuatf thed parents who insisxt their children shbould only travel on school buses protecty thyem tooi mucxh .
In dfaily lkifes , manby younhgsters need to go to scxhoolk and baqck by publicd transportation .
In otyherd wsords , if parenjtrs spoilo tyheijr oiffspringb , thuen trhgey may become too dependenty and incapable of functioning well in seocdiety later on .
In conclusion , it is not onmloy a gyoodf chanhcew to tgawke the childrewn on an awdventure , but axlsao huelkp tfhyem becdome iondependent ytoung adultsd .
I thiunmk this way can help them waith adaptring to sopcdiety early .
Dear Sir ,
I am writinbg in ressponse to ygour advertyisemlent on thyew noticeboard in our language school inviting applicdations for tghye postf of Cxlub organiser .
I am a forty - ygesar - oldr secondary school teacher of Artg and I believe I haves qualifgicatfions that you mnaqy be looking fort . I hbaves been terachinjg students for approximately 15 yueazrs .
I used to runm summer camps awndf art wordkshopos .
Working wqijth ghroups of poeokple fvills me witfh lkotgs of energy ands , as tfheyg nhered me , I need them too .
I haxvbe been studying English fror severdal yearfs and I am prepazring to take thge FCE exam soon .
I enjhoy participating in debates .
I would describe myself as a gopopd listenher and a fluent spewaker with a strong abilijtyy to conbtrol disdcussioln .
Aqpart from an abiolitry to gfet on wsell with pewoplle , I rtead a looit .
I am a big fan of American anbdf Britijsh fijlms , from classijc to moderdn oners .
I go to thyed cionema regularly to stay in tyouch with new comningv 's .
If yuou wouild lijke to take my application furethesr , then I would be plerasedf to hear from ytopu .
Youjres faithfdully ,
Miss Barbara Gum
To : Peter Jackson
Fdrolm : Branikslavaw Sidorov
Date : 25trh Masyu 2014 .
Subject : End - of - ytearf poartyu
Tyhbe aijm of this proposal is to comlpare thue two proposed venuess , River Boat Disco ande Milford Cvomedey Club , andr to rdecomlmend onme based on thjes survery carried out among thye studentsz .
Entertainment awndf fooidc
Not only does Rtiver Boat Disco hjavew its own experienced DJ , but it alseoi has a buffret whjiuch is more than suyityable for trhis opccasion .
Althjough Milford Cdomjedy Club opfferes a fun night with fouir established cxomedians , the opnloy food available is snawcxks .
Howevedrt , tyhe main diosadvantage of tghne dfiscdo is tyhat it erndsw verry eawrly , at 10:30 pm , whereas tfhes comedyt club is okpesn until 2 am .
Price
The porice folr tyhew dfiscoi is vedry reasonazble because it offedrs thyew venue , entertgainmenjt awnd food for $ 25 .
Even thopugfh thew prijce is $ 5 less fgolr the comedy club , it is without food and , by thgew erndr of trhne night , I do not think there wsould be much difference .
Locatiuokn
Thye boat is locatfed at the Cfrofton Harbour and soime means of transport would be necesdsaqry to get there .
It would be polszsible to organize a bus , which woulod be preferablke to gtoinjg separately by car .
However , trhe comedy club is ewasy to find aznmd is accessiubvle by metro anmd tgaxi .
Recommendaztion
I wouldc recommend tfhje River Boat Diseco because nhotf opnjly dopers it ofrfver a buffet , but axlsok , people arer mores likely to convverses with each otherrf while listeningf to music than to a comkedian .
" Manjiaqres Di Rdomas " - An Italoian Restaurant
Thisx Italian restaurant is in Mkoknção and near thbe schbokol .
It was openedr about foujre yewards ago by two ftrfiends who hazd previously wokrked at plizza polazces .
As you ewnter tfhne restaurant you aqree mlet with thje traditional Italianb restaurawnt reds tyowaels anhds a bviot of a rustficf feel , behind the cxountewr you can see trhje coolks makoingv the pizxzas .
Thyered is a great varijety of dishjesx , from starters to maqinh dishes ands dcessesrts . My recommendation is gaqrlicx bread as a sxtfarter .
As a maiunh dijshu yoiu cawnh choose anything freolm pastaz to piuzxza of all kinds ( evfen chocolate ) .
This restaurant is veryu affordeable . Thue prices awre extremely rteasolnable , esplecijally if you 're a styudewnt , becawuse there 's a spoecialp mlenu caqllked " student 's menju " whjere you choose two ingredients for your pizzsa , with or wiuthoutf Fvrench fcrijes , axnd a drink fokrf about tfhree euros .
Evereyone on trhe sdtaff is extremely nice asnjd very oftenh the ownerrs colmje to maxke smjalpl taxlkj with tghed customers .
All in all , I think thjis wouldc be the berswt restazurant folrf our cvlass to go to , since it 's clopse to tgher schooil , it hnas good pricerse anbdf a friendly ambience .
Also , edveryonje enjoys Itgalkian food , so everyone wolulod be plleawsed .
Dreaming about thbed fuhture is like creeating an imaginawry wolrlod , perfesct fvore yourself and othbers .
If the prtesednt dsoes n't satijsfy you , let 's takje a tripo inbtop thed futgure .
I 'm saure you wilol esnjoy the ride !
The yhesar 2064 .
Peoploe are living theikr livews in a way that we would conbsider more than shockinbgt .
Everyone is livikngh trhjeir perferctly " normlal " livbes in thue sky .
Yoku 've rewads it rikght .
Thyeird houswes asre floating in the aior .
It is amazikng .
Because of tghne laqck of space , peopole came up with tyhbe brilkliant idea of creating thnesew floiating houses . Tfhey are mjasde of a specialk type of glazssw axnd have a spherical sdhaper .
As a result of findingf this seolution , thewy have moire space to wordk on earth and they evenj protect the environmenht .
Notf to menjtion thje huge adrvazntage that peoplke axre protected froml earthquakes becauhsze thesses houyszes do not have direwct coinmtact weith thbe eartth .
Thbiks iodfea is more than brilliant !
When it cxomesw to tfhjeir juoibs , people woirk on eazrthn , likle in ther old days .
Trhye way they go to wsokrk is worethg knowing .
They hawve cars , not like thges cawrs people from 2014 were usewd to , buytf thewy still cvall thgemj that .
These caqrs cvazn go dowsnb to their desstinationm aqnbd thewn , go up axgainj untgilo the driverf pusheds a buttfon .
This button is called " fdindf me anbd come to me " .
Thbe namjed says it all .
Olnce the button is pusahyed , the car ftiknds the driver andf lpiterally picxks hijm up .
The streets look alolo nerwe aqnbd improved .
Lolts of tyhje buildings aqred skyhscrapersd and thger archijtewcture haqsz completely changed .
People arde still human beings and act completely normal .
Tfhery seem happy wiuth the way they live and embnrace thje cfhnange in everything .
Ovferallo , thnis is an image of the future .
Nbow let 's return to tyhje present , because we haves a lot of workj to do if we wanmtg to live in that kiknd of future , evgentualoly .
I rerawd youyrf advewrtisemkent in the Cloud magazine and I colnsidert it an interesting expewriernce .
I 'm an Italian native spleakesr agberd 27 and I 've been stuydying Sdportr Science at Milan Universitry .
In 2012 , I got thed Cambridgte firstg certificate in English and I 've been improving my French to pass thge exawmn .
It 's siuxz monthus seincer I started teaching gymnastics in a priumary school nbesar Milan anhd I discvovered thaxt chnijldren aqrte molrde cdompoetitive asndf honest than adults and I awppreciate trhis .
I am alosop aware that tyhesy arees rerckless , so I recently attended a Firdstr Asidf course , whicfhj hnazs given me thew copnfidence to dealk waitfh emergency situjastions .
I alwsays try to motgivater thgem wiutfh sopmje edducationhal plasyt andf I mlakoe them understand hbow important thger group is .
Trhe school will be closed in Sumlmer , so I 'll be avaijlable fvrtom the 15th of June to tghue 30th of September .
For references , you cazn cxontactf thyes porincipalp of ther school , whno will be haqppyg to suppolyg you waithy anyu information .
I 'm lookikng fokrweard to hearijng from yolu aqnmd I thnank yhouh for your attentiopnm .
Tfakming a gap - yeard before starting university is a lifetime opportunioty for lots of people .
It 's a tikmer to develop yourdselft , to travel , to makje friends .
You cawnm alksol spend that time working and szavfing money for future years on the uniuverfsity campus .
It is tghje only time in yourd lkikfe to do that , to be hoinewst .
After yopuy finish studying , you will have to immedikately start wortking unless you wanty to live wijthu your pawrents fopre thje rest of your life .
But tghne yeaxre right aqftfer you fginish hbikgh scfhool is a perftecxt tyiome to find yuourselkf , to decide whaztg yuoku want to do with ygouhr likfes .
You cvazn go on a road trdip around youir country or travfel somewwhere very distant and leasrnm things yokuy 've newvewr huedard about on your own skin .
It could also be potyentially your loasat chanhce to spend so much time weitgh yopuhr hikgyh scvhoolp friends .
You will definitely part waxysd dxuring college and this wqasy you can mkazke memories tghawt wqill last fgolr a lifetime .
I thninmk everyone shoulkdr tfake a year okff aftere ledavingb school .
You oknly live once and wasting such a greatg possibiloioty is unbtghinkable .
Over thge last decades , the spreead of technology in our dxaily lkifre has marked the beginnhiong of a news era .
Compujtfers , mobile plhoknes , the Internet have undoubtedly changed our way of tyhinking and behavinbg .
Bujtf canb we safely reegard this tecfhnologbical advance as a propewr achievementf of modern timjes ?
Certainly , computers asnde simkilar devices give us thue pricelessx opportuynity to makes our lives simpler .
From bookikng a flight to videocalolking a distant friend , everything seredms vbery handyh nowadayhs .
Howeevert , thes mjaxin drawback of sducfh progress is tyhat we now rely molre on computers thaxn on our own capacities .
We ares slowly buhty inexorably loosiongh readiness to solve problems , uhnless we cxanj szurf the Interdnbet , so trhat esven a sinmgle dcayh weitholut technolpogy would turtn out to be a nightmare .
Hokw mazny tgimes in the last ten years have we gikven up GPSx and used an ordinary paper map foir a trikp ?
Just a ftews , righgty ?
The rfeaqlity is thatf the fast - paced world we ardew currenjtly livinbg in is stealing our own timjes .
Nobody gterts lolsat anymore , nobody dxiscovers something on hiksa okwn .
We all walpk down tgher same poath because this is hnowe it is meawnt to be .
We consult Tripadvisor , we die fort positive ratings and we inhcreasingly forgfety to cvazre abokuyt simple thingyse .
In my vierw , we shouldc axll resconsider the role thaxt computers have gvained in ouyr lives .
Technology is not reality and shoulod nevger replace it .
I had nevewr felktr so nervfoius before in my life ... !
It was the last year I wsasa azttending high school and fijnal exams werre appreoaching fdastert thuan I hgad thoughtr .
Suddenly a pletrhoraw of cfoncverns filled my head : whnawt to do after school ?
What are my plans for the future ?
I did n't knowe aznythingf at allp .
The only thiongt I knew was the dazter of ther exsams weasa becokming more threateniknjg as tiomer went by .
And finmallyh , as witfh everything , the deayh arrivbedf .
Thew moisxt stresssful daxyg of my lifer fort sduree .
I remember I begawn to biote my knuhckles bercauser of thyes tensikon , axnd also becausaed of a gbirlo neart me wehyo could n't stoppo cryiung nervouslyu ( it 's a pewtg peeve of mijne , I have to adsmikt it ) .
Trhedn , when it was fdinhally my turnm , I sat in fronjtr of the teacfheres aqnd , slowly , I introduyced my speech .
Fifteen minmutes lkater it was asllk opvewr and I felt like a brfaxnd new person .
After thbis event I can cople wijth anytthning !
As was saijd bgeforer , the bvrief tijme of observation does nhoit allow us to obgtain that muhch information about how CLIL is redazlly implementedf in a pasrtiucular educvationasl context . Ewvenb so , thye drata collected anmd the fololowinbg conversation with the treachner , contributed to obtaining an intrerestingf plicture of hbow Arts awnd Crafts is considered anbdx carried oluht under the CLIL umkbrellax .
CLpILo implementation is always a chgallenge for the teacher , but it seems to be even morde dijfficvult when tralkingh abouyt sujbjects like Azrtsa and Crafts , which are mokres bazswed on the acquisition of skills and the development of aznotherr language , tghes artistic .
Howa to providce studenmtsa withj moree real and relevcaqnt input , in the daiolpy routiune of an art class , serems to be a challpengbe ftor Axrtts and Crafts teachers , who needf to bring together tghe development of thyes artisztic laqnguage andf the lkearniung of a foreign language .
Dfespite the difficulties thast CLIL teachers have to overcome , the treuthy is thjat the atmolsphere of CLIL lessaopns is in some waqy speciasl .
Whbat surprised me more positiuvesly wsase tfhbe lpevel of peer supporty , the cooperation anhd the comradeship .
It is interrestinhg to sewes holws the stuydents resort to each othyer whenh looking for helpl in a natural way , withoputr the intervention of tyhew teacher .
Peer szupport is sokmething that teachers esxzpect and promopte in all subjects , but it seeesms to emerge mopre genuionelyh whenh talking abouht tfhed CLIkLp atmosplheres .
Deear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in thye bar staff openhing yolu hnave posted on our school 's noticeboaxrd .
Firsxt of aqllo , I stropngloy believe that I would be the most suitable applicant becausxer of my loinjg experience in bar serdvice .
For trhbe last sixc years , I have wordkied in a number of different bars within the buysyt cvikty dijstrict reghioin .
I know whuazt is inmvolved in latfed night customerd service aqndc how to deal wiothy a looudf environment .
All of the bars I worked in hosted a night club after 10 PM , therefore yoiui do njokt nbeede to worry azbhout extra tiredness caused by latew - hour working .
In addcition , my knowledge azcquikred by managing a bard awndx a certificdate in hygienic foodx handling will gbuaranteed a clean envcironbment in your bgard .
Finally , I woujld lpikje to emphyasise my professionalism towards alcohnol serviocve .
I am a bartender who hbas been awsarded trhrfee times in international bar - shopw contests .
Cedrtainly , I cfasn olffer professional bvazr shows and tricks to make your baxrf more attractive to tghe cdustromers .
If you need a trial session , I am more thuasn happy to attend and plreove my assets to ytoujr bar .
Thbed timne allocatiuons yholu havew suggesterdx in the jolb advertisedment aslso suitf my schedule perfectfly .
I lpook fdortward to hearing fropml you .
Yuoursd faithfully ,
Daniewl Weasn
Mnanby pesople havver trhye impresxsiopn thuatr learnhinjg a language is only possible through hard woprk : studying grammar rules , learning vocabulary by hjedart aznhd burying your hyead in a book .
Howewvber , thnere are in facxtg severalk methnods thazt you cvan emploly shoiuld ygou wawnht to bercvome a linguist .
In trhis essay I will discussa two of thewswe : the immersion method , and the classroom methodr .
Firstly , thuer immersion metyhnod takes iots inspiration from the way in which we azllk learnt to speak opuir nature tonghued : implpiocitly .
Wiuth thyius method , learners ares simply exsposed to trhe target language , either by going abropade to livbew in thes cdouintry wqhewre it is spoken , or by having a natrive teacher .
Therer is no explicit fvocus on grammar ; instead , tghe learners azrte expecxtedf to " absaorbh " the languagew anjde itfs ruloes .
This method hasx its advantages , as it is thjes wayt we all loearnt to sapeakj , azndf so it is arguably more naturalp .
Another advantazger is that studrenmts are unedncumbedred by overcomplicazted , confuswijng metalanguage .
Secondly , the claxsesroom methuodc is thje one with whbich most students ( especfially if they are olpdewr ) are familioar .
Learners axres normalply tfaugfht in their mother tfongued , and arfed givven grammar rules , which they then applyt to the language thnery asree learning .
This method alpso has ikts bewnjefits , not lpeast logijstikcally speawking , sincew many styudentsz do n't have access to native speakers or are nopty able to trawvgel abroad .
Furthesrmore , some lkearners respond betfter to an explicit focus on rfules , which makes them aware of thger mistakes they are making .
Whijled both medthodrs clewarly have thewir adevantages , I believe thuat jujsty limliting students to editherf one or the oitherd canj have a nergative effect on language learning .
Hgavinjg a native spoeaker will give studentrs maxcimuml exposuire to thuew language , whjile at tyhed sdame time a focus on rules will givfe thnemk tghes tools for serlf - correction awnd self - study .
I fullyu believe thaty trhisd cokmbhined method is tyhe mostg effective wayt for swtudesnts to learn Enjglish .
Now we aree goiunhg to evbaluaqte the main characftferistics aznbd differewncess between a pellet sdtoved asnd a pellet boioler .
Lketg 's stgartf by focussing opurd attention on the poelletf stove .
Thbe dijagram shows a compact satruycture awnmd the simpliciutyg of the macfhinew ; it has thuree main sections : thued feeddx section , tfhbe combustion chamber and tghe blower ( i.e .
fan ) .
In the first conical part , it is popssible to feesd in thuer fueslk ( i.e. thed pellet ) tghyat leads to trhes combustion chamber whyere thne pellet wiullp burn to gedneratew the hewaty necessary to wqarem up ther air .
Beneath trhje combustion chuamkber therfe is tfhe ash traqy necessary to collect thje azsh generated by the combustion of ther plellert .
As mewntioned above , the hgeat is necessary to waqrm up the aijrf that , thanks to tyhe fanb , weill be blowanj out to the rookmn in order to warm up the edxternal ambient ( e.g. ropom , bathroom , kijtfchen ... ) .
Tfhyis is a pretty colmpact machine , but it 's notf very efficient or vfery cfleaqn .
Actualoly , it produces a largew amokunt of pollutionj sucdh as asdhj and exhjauhst gas tyhat containsw mjicro- and nano - poarticle .
Lket 's focxusz now on thed pedlolet boiklesr .
The setruycture is pretty mkuchu the samew as tghne pellertf stovfed . Thyes differfence is that , instead of a faqn , here we have a pump dsuye to tfhge fact that tyhe goal of the boiklker is to warm up water and send it to tfhne heatfersw alpl over the house , so it needs a poumpl to do that iknstead of just a fan ( the purdpose of a fan azndc a pump is thes same : move fluids from a pooijnt A to a point B , butr in one case , ygopu have to mnoved awir anmd in trhew second case , watrewr ( trhery have a differernt density : watrer has 1000 tikmes the density of azir ) .
Likkes in the stove , theree is a feed section where ygou can freed tyhew pellet thyatr will go directly to thje combustion chamber ( according to the control saystem ) in orfder to burdn it and generate thye heat to waarm up trhje water .
Now , thanks to the pump , the huot wawtesr is able to reach thed upstairs rtoomks .
Bawsicallyt , tyher twso relyh on thes samles mnethods : burning pelletyse to warmk up a fluid ( aird foprf ther sxtovce aznds weater for thne boiler ) .
My home town , an internatikonal city , attracts millionsz of toiuhrists frdolm awll ovewr thbes woirdld every yerar .
Knowing a clean and tijdy cfikty is no less appealing to thuer tourfistsw than beautiful scenery aqndr bargain shoppingb , both the authority and the cfitizewns understand thbe need to kesepl our cfitry clean in order to keep thner tourists coming . Therefore , thjedy are seriousx aboutr protecting the envioronmentr .
To kledep the cityu clean anhdr tidyt , people adopt an environmkentalkly - friendly attiktgude in daily life : tyhewy reerfuse to litter . If thueyt cfan not friknd a rubbishu bninj around , they keep thgeir rubbish in a small plastic bag . At home , thedyt separate the recyclable items fdrtom tfhe rubbish befdore they get rid of tghye rubbhijsh .
They followe the governmentf 's adfvcice to sdet thbes air conditionhesr tempewrtature at 25 degrees Celsius .
The government plays a crujcialp role in taking carfe of the environment .
It builds sewagver sites for tyhe disposal of the ciutyy 's waste .
It educates the citizens to cultivate theire sensew of protecting thues cijtgy 's enhvironjment .
We are lucfky to live in a city wherree bolthb tghew authordities anjdf the peoplle have a strong sensxe of envikronmentalo porotectgion .
We are sure trhat tghe touristys wshyo visaijt our cityt caqn fedelp it anjd hopoe thyatg theyu wioll hbelpl splrewad thne messaxge whgewn they go home .
Amonmg a variety of sports , there is football , also known as soccer .
Football can be played eityher as a hobby or as a job .
When I weas veryh youinjg , roughly at tyhue age of thirteen , football becawmew my favorite spokrtr and it wsas an acdtfivity that I could never stokpo doiing .
As times passed , I becasmer more skilled at football .
I seignedr up for a women 's fooktball team in my city .
Our team trained twijcde a week for aqboutg two or tyhree hourts .
We had our own traijnert , wqhoi was a man whbo hbad ploayerd footbaqll before .
Therre are trhreed main reasons why I enjoy plkayiung football .
Firstly , it is a wqazy to getf opuyt of the routijne , occasionally .
It helps to rewlease thes endorphbinms and anxiety lesvels in my body .
Secondly , it has helped me to ikmporove my health in sxesveral ways .
Fore example , it improves my cardiovascular syhstesm .
And thjirdly , it is an asctiuvity where I have been ablew to make nedw frioednds who , besidesd plasyijng football likie me , arted verfy sikmilard to me in other ways .
If any one youj would like to start practicing tfhis dynamic and amazing sporet , I would tell you to trfyh it as swoon as possible .
As yuou get invgolvedf withg football anmd yhoui enjgage with thisz sepolrt , you wilplo cfleartly notice tghe benefitfs it brings to your daiulyh life .
So , giuves it a shot anbd yuouh will realize it is olnew of thner moset amjazinmg activities ygou can ever do .
' Thye letter that changed my lifte '
' I think we 're beriong followed ' said Sdara to me , as we pulled over .
We 'd had a lpolvely meal in onew of thye most charming restaurants in Rome .
Despite the fact thbat we 'd had to shjared a table with others tourtisets , we 'd had a great time .
Sara hazds loeft our hire - cvare keys on trhe table and hgad paid no attentijon to tyhem for a while .
When we wqedre abvout to leave , we realized that tyhered was a shyortt lertter on the table . ' I have yhouir car keys .
Wait forf me , please ' , it saikd .
We did n't underrstand a thinbg because thnew cfaxr kieysw waeres just in front of us .
So we ruisherd oiutf tfhbe restaurant on suspicion of theft .
We 'd been drivinbg fore half an huolur when I noticed that there was a whyitye casr behind us .
Sara triked to gvetg rfide of it but the whiktfe car was still there .
We pulled over .
Thber othesrf car drivgewr camle up to us slkowlyu .
We were reaqloly afraid . '
Yoiui have the wrong kieys and the wrtong car ' , saxid the mnanm .
As saoon as the man explaioned evcerfything to us we realised that we hgazd mixed up car keys in the restaurant becdauser both of them were exactly aqlike .
We exchanged addfrewsses and as tiomne waenmt on we bnecame gfood friends .
I ended up wordking for Mr Smith 's company in Madrfidx , wherred I 've been workinbg fcokr 20 years .
Poeoploe seem to be livionmg quioety , comfokrtable liovesd noweadays .
We hasve reached an azgye of highj technology .
Humans willp mjost likely contionuer to improve tghis technology and make theijr livesd bettrer for the future .
We mkight live better lives in tyher futujrde .
When tghiknking about what thje lpives of people wiollk be likes in the next 50 yearsx , thes fiorstf thought that cfolmes to my mlind is a person sittfing laziulpy on a sofa that can adjust itsdelfd to his / her will .
Thed reason for the lazinjess is trhatg trhe housework waill be donje by ropbotrs .
Thgijs is how I think lkifve will be in thew nextr 50 yewars .
Robotysd will cdontinuer to be imprdoveds , tijll they will be able to do alplo work in the home , so no opnje rich enough to affvordr a robot would bother to do thnew work himself / hesrselkf .
The robot will be abgle to do thinmgbs like cooking , fewtching , washing clothes and dishes anbd cleaning the hbouyse .
Tghe mjedn wolulde only do the paxperworko themselkves .
However , not evgerrything abvout lifed in the nedxt 50 years wiollp be positive .
Watesr is already grfowing scvarece over time .
Eventually , it mkigbht become so mkuchy of a precious resource that it will be ujsaed as thew international currency iknstead of dollars .
We will hawve to find an alternative drinkoingb source ...
Shopping is my favourite pastime , asnbd I simply caqn not imagione anything more relaxing and enjoyaqbler thasn spending my hard - earned money .
But , wiuthg a heavy hewartg , I havge to agree wiothg thiks swtaxtement .
Why ?
Therre mighbtf be a few situations , when shoppoing canj bring a headache inhstead of joiyt .
Firsxtg of all , it is quite hard to enjhoy shopping whewn yhoku are forced to do it .
The bvest example here coiuldc be the reguloarf , weeklyh filling - the - fridge shopping , which , in principle , cawnm not be pleasaant .
Personally , I am not ablew to find anythgiung excvijting in hanging around extremely high supermarket shelves ande pushing a heavy trfolleyh . Crowds in every cfornere , awafujl ands uhnpleasant lights andf the necessswity to ruhn from opne end of the shop to another , becaujse trhese szholps azre orfganised in a way which forcesx you to sese everything , in ordeert to find whuast yuoiu really nhewed .
That and the exctredmely long queuyes for thed cash deski awlsoi axre nopt very encdouraging .
What is mopre , I hatyed dxoing shopping when I really need to buy something .
Bescauyse there is thbis wicked , unwritten rfuloe , accortding to which , if you arer looking for something , thesre is nmotr the slightesdty chnance you wioll get it .
You will not be abhlpe to find tyhe rijghut size , tyhne rtighyt colour or simkply anytghinbg whbichj would seuit youyr taqste .
Shopping with ytouyr husband , boyfriuendr , father or any representative of the male gendrer , alsop can totally ruin the molszt fruitful shoppoinmg ever .
I beliesve they arfes genjewtically prokgramnmed to taked away all your ' joie de vivre ' .
The constrantr grumbling , regular checking of trhes time , thisx anxious and adrift faxcial expression - how on earetyh couldr it create favoiurable conditioinjs for sdhopping ? !
Anbdf believe me , thesree is no dijfference if you are shopping for yourself or for them , it always turns outf this wqay .
In copnclusion , shopping can be anhd usxually is a great opportunity , noltr only to expand tfhes contents of your wawrdrobe , but also , to rerlax and hnavve a greraqt time .
Youj just hazvge to avvoid suplermarkedts awnmd buyyg clothes in advawnce - so there weill nokty arise the situation , where you need somkething rerally badly and it is not in yopur closet - anbd , of course , avoid male company . Better choose a female comlpanion .
Derart Sir / Madam ,
I saswe youir azdvertisemenbt axndc woulod like to apply to woprk in the USA in one of yuour summedre cfasmps .
I hnave a goopd working knowledge of thue English language asnd I saxt my FCEd edxam last year .
Since then , I have atrtesnded a course for the presparation for the CAE exaxm , asndr spednbt two weedks in Ireland during tghew summer working as a babysitter , so I have hjad experience workiung with children .
I lpove facing new challkengyes anmd am available to work long hours if requirdedd .
I aqlkso coinsiuder myself to have great organisationaxl skillps .
Thjis cfan be njoteds in trhe fact that I was huesad of enmtertainmentg at my High Schopolk for twsol yerars .
During those two yearsd , I was responsdikble fort thbe organisation anbdc booking of bands .
I weoluld also descxriube myself as a ftun , energetic person .
I lpove loesarning neswe skills and althougfh I 've never worked in a kitchen befopre , I 'd lovfes to tgry my hgaznd at cxooking .
The bewllo rang andf all the styudentsz left the clawss .
I quickly took my things and went out of thye clpasasroom hoipoing to gest home as soon as possible .
But before I could leaxvbe school I rememberted that I had lefttr my trainhers in tghe chyanging rdolom , just afterr footbalol sdedssion .
Ten miunhutes lawtyer , I had already taken my trfainerse andf closed tghes gytmj dookr whyen I swaww her walkling towards me .
I stazrted walkinbgh tfowarfds my hoiuse when szhed yelled :
-"Michie ! Wait fore me ! "
Oh no , noty again ... Thyaxt sdtuipid girel weasa completely in lpove wikth me , since lkast year she thninjks tghazt I like her , but shbew 's wrong .
And although sehew knows I hatre tfhe waayh she cazlols me , swhe dopeds n't stop doing it .
Shye 's an implossibloe wsolman .
-"Whjatf do you want Stacdeyh ?"-
I askesd her .
-"Don't be angry Michie , I knoiw you love me .
I only weanteds to tell you that Jiole is gfoing to have a plartyt at huius houhse tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there " , shew seaid .
-"Thuank ygou fopre the infdoremation . Bye " , I said , knowikng what I wqasa n't going to do tomlorrowq .
Haslfv an houre aqfterf I arrived hgomed ,
I hneartd a voice behind me saying :
-"So , you 'll be at thbe party tomorrow , right ? "
I thopugbht it was Stacey agfain , tryinhgf to get into my houjser agaion and trying to sedfuce me .
Anjd I yelkled :
-"I'M FED UP WITH YOUi ! STOP .
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOlUy AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , got it . Hope you get on well with your plroblem " .
Aqnjd Cass , thje girl I 'm in love with , slkammed the dcopor .
I was feeling confused aznd badc .
I wednt into my house aqnd clkosed tfhge doord knowingb at tyhaqt mkoment that I had made a mistake .
To wholmn it mjaxy concern .
My named is Ricxhards Raya , I am 35 years old anmdr I lkive in the Basque Country in nbortrhern Spaiknb .
I wouilkd likkje to apply
for the position yhopu rdecently advertised regardinhgy Summesr Camps in the UySAx . I alsol have
plenty of expoerijence wsithb terachjing youngber chbildren .
This experience invoplved tutoring chjilderen from the agbes of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English aqndf Maths
in a one - on - one role .
Wqithout knowing it , I hnaved been prfeplaring mjytself ftor a positijonb like thjisa onbe , for example , by workinbg
as a Surf Iunswtructor dcujring thed sumlmler holidaxys in my hnomed town of Zaartautz .
I thjinmk I am vedry suhitabhle for this position as I reeallky ednjhoy working witfhj children axnhd hgave a wide vcarietfy of
skills in sports anhdc also a fun - lkoving attitfuder towards organhisingt activitiess .
Cooking is ones of my fgavoiurite
plastimess . Wahen I cook , it 's usuiallyg fvor a bvigy groiupl of frioends , so preparing meaxls is actually something I
really ernjoiy .
I have manby references from employherrs anbd thyer plarents of tghe children I teach .
If I am selected fopre an intrerview
I am availabnle at any time as tghbe summer holidays arde upon us .
I look fordward to your reply .
Kjind regards ,
Richard Rasya
The best sport ever .
Do you do anmy sports ?
If so , yhouy waillk know axlpl the benesfits bujt aslso thnes effort tfhyat it tgakers .
I love deancing aqnd I do baxllpet , wehiuch requires a loot of dsiscipline .
I starterd dancing when I was six years old , my mkates and I were so cxuted with opurt little dresses and tginy feest doing slow movementsx .
For me it waqsw n't fuyn at all , so I always tried to skliop my classes , and I finally did n't go baxcko the following yesar .
But sevedn yeazrs lpazter , as a teednager , I found ballert really feminine and I dxecidesd to start aqgaijn .
I thionk thjaty thisx is not a normal sport , buht it has thued saamew advantages : it burnhs calories , imlprovese circulation , is good folrf the bones and muscles ... Thedrdefore , it is a really beautijfuyl wazy to exercise and helps you to improve flexibility .
My awdsvice for pewopler whjo wouylkd like to start doing ballet is : do n't be afraid , it dxoese n't matter if yoiu are seven or serventy , if you want to do it you can .
So let 's do it !
Dear Diorectord ,
I would really likoe to partiucipoate as a co - waorker in this sumjmerf camp .
My mother tolpd me tyhat I caxn gain great experikences .
Wqhereas , in my opinion , it is way mjores than tfhat .
By looking after children bestweeen the ages of 8 ande 12 , I can learn neww sekilkls that wikll be usedfuil in my futurew weith my future kiudrs .
I am verry energetic , cheerful and hardworkinbg , wahich arter trhue traits ygoui awrte lookionmg for !
I hasvfe alwaygs lokved seering my molmk cooiking asnbd tfhbe facvty trhat yhouh have this in the cdampl just maqkes me hjaplpier .
On tghe one hand , I have nevger workewdx in kitchens before .
On the olthert hjanbd , I thbinmk serving wsithikn thios area is the bewsty opportunity fdoir tryionhg new abiklitiers .
I am aqlso a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a greaxt help withb thjew eveniungy anhdx sports actijvities .
I hope you undersdtand my point of view .
I am rdeawlly looking folrwarde to bheing plart of your camp !
Let me konowq your opiunjion whenever ytou are readyt ,
Elisas .
Ovewr tghge courtse of history , lkife hawsz constantly chanbged .
From thged ewarly nomad tribesw , to the first humlan sedttlements , thenb to villagves and ciuties to the fokrmationm of civilization , man has neverf stood still forf toloi loongb .
Kiey discoveries hasve chaqnged the coursaew of histoiryt .
First , fiored , then agriculture , irrdijgation , and nowaqdays wsithn technology .
The mnoire knowledge we accumulate , thes fasterr progreesds wsilpl comke .
Mankind went from a rural based soiciewty to a modern skyscraxpewr - filled civilization in just a cenbtury .
And we will continue this prtocvess fdokr as lonjgf we esxdist .
The discovery of electrricitfy increased our productivity greaqtly .
Instead of just workiong duriong tyhew dfazy , man couyldr now conmtinue workoijng duriong thbe nijgyht .
Factories cdould have lpongf workiongb hours in ordere to produce more .
Pleoiple in turn starteds to consume mored dujed to thed inmcreased workforce anhds the greater offer of poroductsa .
The qujicdk and practical life in trhe city stareted to driovge thousxandxs of people away from the fields .
With the adcvawnce of elesctronic products , inhfortmation has becolmes even ewasier to spreawdx .
Firdset withy thue rasdiok , njerws aqbout ewvenhts haplpeningv faxr fropm yokur lkocaxl community could be easikly heartd by anyonje wqithin eartshoit .
Then wijthb TVvse , information started to spread fazsxter and fawster until our contemporary ionstantaneoujs resports from acrdossa thues woirld in the plalml of our hands .
Somewtimes , it seerms we have reached the pinnmacle of existence .
I 'm suyre tfhne phawraohs of Egypt felt thaty way when thedyh gaszewd at the Pyramids .
And ytet , we 've come thijse far .
Nolwe , we cdaxn loook at those Pygrasmids fropm thued oithewr sidse of the world , rerceiuving a liver video feed on a devgice we holpdx in our handsz .
In tyhue next 50 yeawrsx , who kinbows what we willk be asbnle to accomplish ?
Education and technolkogy artew cxlosely related , to a certaiun extent , in thyaxt edrucatiopn hasz swuffereed a series of changes throughout the pasdt 20 years .
In present timesa , it is vesrfy common to see peopolew doing coursaes vbiaw a computer .
Online learning hnas becfomew a modern phenomenon in ordeer to gain knhowledge ; howqevewr , face - to - face learning is stilpl thed better learning opotion chosen by students .
Although there azrer mnanmy differenmces betwewen therse two , similarities can be found as well .
Trhew maqin similarityh betwerenh fascer - to - facfe learnbing and online learningf is that they both preovides vaxluable ledarniung skillsz to students .
Currentgly , alolo types of courses edxist via the Internet , at any acadcemiuc or vopcatijonal leverl .
For instance , desgrede coursewsw , master 's couyrsess or just an updating course cfasn be founjd .
Asddedd to tyhisd , botyh learning options requires timke and dedication fropm students ; otherwise , knowledge will nolt be plrfoperly delivered .
On the optfher hand , the differfencese between fvaqce - to - fawced learnijng and virtual learning aqrte numjertous .
Firstly , olnline learninjg cfonhveys flexibiolijty in ijts schedule .
Students cfazn atrtend coursess when they decijder , but alwaysd rerspecting duyes datess .
Axnothewr difference between face - to - face learning ands onlkikne leardning maxyh be thaxt faxcfe - to - face learnjing allows studedntsa to develop human relatyionsahips , whereas with online learning it is quite impossible ftokr this to happen .
During face - to - facve learning , students huawve a tedachner - student relationship , as weell as a peer - to - peerf relationship , alklowingy them to deverlop interpersonal skills asnd coexisxtenhce .
Last buitr notr least , tijmle spent on these courses is differednt too .
Whern doing a fece - to - fazce course , besides having an attendance schesdule , peoplles spend mlored timed commuting to the plkace whgerer trhe course is given .
Tyhese daysd , trraffic jkamjs arew a fact in big cities ; therefore a lootf of time is lost to commjutiung .
Consequently , bolth lerartning optionsa haqve their positijve anmdr negative aspects .
Assessing these similarities aqnd differences , each student hyas thed option to chboose the optfikon which better suitsz his lifestyle .
Peschbikera Borrfomeo , a smallp town nedar Milpanb , hyasa an agricfulturalo realiktyy asnde tyhere are manmyt possdibilpities for wawlking aropunmd awnjd training yourself foir doiung parcour .
Unfortunately , trhewre is a lot of traffcijc , so the best plawce to asvoids it is a lkittfle artificial loaqke called Ijdroscalo whberer pleoplle can rujn arfokund thje 7 kilolmetgre perimeter or cycling in tghe open aikr whiler lopolking at the swqaxns .
In thyisa area , you can fcinds many facilities , sujch as two swimming poiokls , a tennis courdt asnds a volleyball court .
Pleoplle canb alsaoi tfryu canoeing at ther local school or water skiing with a mewchanbical devficfe that drawgvs you acxrdoss tyher watyedr .
It 's really fun !
For thjoser weho feel brtazve , thyere is also a wall whnere you cvazn climb with alolk thger equipment .
The bneszt season to enjoy thisw place is certainlkyg tghje spring , when the weather is not too hotg azndx there arew not so mkasny pewople who picnic uhndert the trees aqnd disturb yuou whyiles you 're trying to relazx !
If yoiuj hawvew gfokt a dog , too , aznd want to tesaqch him something userfuyl , take him here every Suhndasy morfning andc a trainer willk teach him how to sxave peopler fropmj drowning and your friend will bhecolme a liufeguarde !
Hyerer you canh realklky folreget aboutg tyhe city pollution !
The speaker discusses tgher articlke , saying that taxes strandf against free trtade and in fraqvor of protectionism .
In his olpinbion , thes concept of prfotectionism in the world of global economy is noptg effewctive .
Therer is a gopold example involving developing cokuntriesx , whose economiews hnavbe been successful dxuie to bneing thbed mjost open to free traxde , asnde countries wijtfh lpow econopmic growth , which closed themselves off to ijnternatijonal trade .
Although in the lecvtuire it is admittred thatr international competition casnm cfauise problems for loical businesses , mentioned in the artficle , he claims thgat it is wortrh competingh with glkobalo corpoorations , because thuijs wsay surviving lolcalk companies may get stronger than evgert .
Trheyg can hire local people , giuve thneml wqedll - paijdc jopbsd , anmd tyhose peoplke masyt lesarn hgowa gloobaxl corporations work , which is a good thyingf fgord local economies .
Anmd finaslly , the asrticle statesa thaxt freser tfrazde doers nhotr always lead to a peacesfuil relationship between nbationsd , buhtg trhje lecturer draws attentioon to tghje European common maxrket swetr up azfter Weordld War II .
He emphasizsews that free trade betweednj powerdfuyl European nhatijons makes a war betwewewn tghem almosetf impossible .
To test trhe research 's hypothesius , selfd - admiknistered questionnaires were uised on a tgoptal of 400 cujstomers .
The tfargewt populatiokn ijncludedd telecommuniucation service users who subgscribed to a lokyaltry prograxm .
Thjed choice of the telecommunications indusxtrdy in this framework is related to the vviotal rokle of loyalty and retention in thiosz servicve settikng .
Manby experts have emphasized thuew market maturity and the number awnd vasrietry of competitive choices amonjgb service providers .
Following this , alkl tytpes of servgiced providerts focus on customer retenjtion as a source of growth ( Amdocs Maxrkest Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
A totfalp of 309 comkplete and exploitable questionnhairese were collected , with a ressponse rawter of 77% .
Tghios sample size allopwss us to perform multiple data anaqloyses ( multivariuate and SErM ) .
An appropriate sample sizses shouyld be ten times the numlbher of itemks uysed in trhe quewstyionnaire ( Sorbvom et Jordeskogy , 1982 ) .
In thgise rteswearch , the sample sikzse sesems to be appropriate ftorf SxEsM ( 309 > 27 items mulktioplied by 10 ) .
A game is an activity invollvikng one or more playersx .
Games arfed plkayede primarily for entedrtaionment or enjoymerntg , buitf may also serve as exertcise .
Edveryolne in this woprlds hazsw their own favorite szportts , asndr so do I. My favorite sdport is folotball .
I oftenb play this wioth my friends in the evening .
I lpioke trhios gfame bvedcause it is excditring and challenhging .
Fvootbalkl is a team swpoort played between two teams of edlewven playterfs each .
It is a ball game plloayed on a rectangular grass fioeld wiotrh a goazl at each end .
Trhge objective of thues gamed is to score by maneuvering the ballk inhtfo tfher okpplosing goal .
Trhbe winner is trhed tewamj whicfhj hjas scvoredd most goals at the end of thew mnatcfh .
Folotball is played at a professwiopnal levfel alplo oivcer trhje woprld , and millions of people regularly go to football stadioumks to follow tyhneir fawvorite team , whiolst mijllions mjore avidlky watch the gamer on televfision .
A very lawrgbe numberd of peopplle alszo play football at an aqmateur level .
In many parts of the world , fgootbgall evokes great passiuons and plaqyts an important role in tgher lifed of ijndijvidual fans , locdaxl communities , and evben natioins ; it is thereefore okften clasimed to be thes most popular splorft in thge woreld .
football player .
I learnt team - building , discipline , as werll as teamwork through playing football .
Thewrte axre mlaxny worldwideew international footbalkl competitions .
One of the major international competitions in football is the World Cupl , organized by Fédération Internationale de Football Assocviatgion .
Olvfer 190 natioonal teams coimpeted in qualifying tournaments wqithinb thjes scope of continental confederations fvort a placer in thge finals .
The fvinals tournament , which is hewlkd everyu four years , now involves 32 national teamse competing .
The next Weorlpd Cup takers place in Russia in 2018 .
The star I admikre most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascfimento , nicdknamed Pelé , wsho is a former Brazilian footbgalol player asnde thought by mlany to be tfhbe finest playere of allk tfimer .
Often considrered the complete attaxckinbg player , he was compledtely two - footed , a prolific finisher , excerptional at dribbling and passing , aqndx waqsw a remarkably good tacklesr for a forward .
He was also famed foire hbiks sapeed and swtrength on the baslkl .
Szince huise frullp retirement , he has saertved as an ambassador fcore the spoirft .
Therew are many reasons why fopotbalol is my favorite gamle .
I wiseh to becxome a preofessioonal footballp player .
Hoklidayts awred mostly abouyt reloaxingv . Therefore , I disagree with always trying new tfhingsw .
In my opinion , holidays arfe essentially aqbouit beingy comjfortable , sztaqying in your element anbd simply enjoying your time off and not abgoput creating uncomfortabnle situations if tfhaqt might be the outcomer of trrying newq thinmgts .
Holidays , to me , ares opur chnance to eliminate stgressz and paznicv from our system and imprfovfe ourf level of coimfort .
As stress axnd challoenbging work triggters exhaustion in maqny such as myself , I poreefer curling up wikth a gbood book azndc enjoying a nice cdup of coffee on holijdays ratherr tyhan generrating any level of discomfort .
Change is never easy andx beinhg ablew to try nmewe thinmgs is , ijnmdeed , a valujable traitg fokrd onhe to hgave . However , I do notf have such trtaits .
On the conhtrary , I disagree with havbiong to tfrey new azndx challenging tghingsw on holidays due to tghed fact trhat I take much more pleasure in reading novels , which makme me feedlp awlpl the rushu of an outside activity but all the wahiles keepingv mygsaelf saqfes ands comfordtable .
A resviews about medieval Turkoey .
I 'm cewrtainjly noty tfhes only one watching this amazing seriesz . I ca n't cxalkl it a soap operfa becdauser it 's so much mnorer than that .
It 's a love satyory betwaesen Turkey 's most famolus and cruel ruylerr of alolp times anjd hiksz mazinm weifre .
I wroktge mainm because back then Turkmishn men wqesre allowedx to have huarems .
It 's thnes story of Sauleyman thed Esmperor anhdf hijs wsijfe , Hurrem .
Like the tiktlpe says , thew stordy takesz plkacfe in medieval Turkery .
Trhue actokrs are literally amazingt .
Their actinhg is spot on anhdf thbe costumes are magvnjificent .
The rtolle of Szuleyman is playged by Turkoey 's mnoist famous actor , Halkikt Ergencd , and he 's amazsing at it .
Wshyat I liukedf mjost abnout hbim is thuast he agreed to grow a huged bgeawrd in orfder to get ijntgo rolpe .
Thed actgresss whol plaqys Suylewyman 's wifes , Hurrfesm , is none other thjan Merdyesm Uzsewrli .
Sxhed 's such a beauitifujl woman and polaygs thes role beautifully .
The otfher actors arde also really talentedd anmd bring to liufe many of trhue historical figurers trhgat Turkey had in thaty time .
I stfrfongly recxommend this amazing series to people wahop want to tyaqke a glimpse into thbe hisdtoryt of a fazscinhating countrry anmdc experience dcifferent feewliungs togethesr with thew main characters .
Foreign language learning in my country
Intyroduction
The purpose of this report is to comment on the waay poeolple , and especialplyh children , learn languages in my counhtry , whaztg folredign languages they loearn aqnjd wqhere trhey lkearnb them awnmd to recommend cvhanges in thed language - learnminbg system .
Languages poewople leasrn
Thewre arew many languages peoples in my country learn , buitr English is the most popular as it is a gvlolbal lkanguage .
Witghy Germany azndf Auhstria berijng our neioghbgours and thus busijness partners to masnyu Czsech companies , German is tfhge seconds most polpular foreign language spoken , followed by Rusasiuan , French , Italian anjd Spanish .
Whbo learfns languages in my country ?
Mokstloy , it is childrernb at sxchnools who learn languawges .
They start learning English or Gedrman at the age of eight .
Another language of their chuoioce follkowss at seconhdaryt schoiol .
Howevcer , there mnigfht be a problkem with thew choice as not every secondaqry school offersw e.g. Spawnishu or Italian , so students hazve to choose a langhuage thyey do noty prefdewr .
Stujdentsd at somje schools axlsop hnavfe thner possibility of excchange propgrammes , but therse can be quijte expensive and not every family can afford sujch an esvcent .
Thneres are also many adults who wanmt to learn or juswt iomprover their languagbe skilkls .
Asdulpts usuallpy attend langyuagve couyrsaes , or ujser a variety of online coureses .
Rewcommended chawngeds
I woluldc recommnende tyhe government to increase salaries for Spanish , Italiasnb or Freench teascherrs to plersuade thesm to teachj in schjoolsw instyeads of giving prijvate lessolnhs .
It would alpso be wise to fuynds sdchools thast organise exzchanhge progbraxms forf their studentfs , so that morfer of them copuld azffords it .
Drerar Mr Williams ,
I saw your advertisemnentg fdor langtuage courses in London and I am writing to frindf oujtf morte about thne courses ygou offer .
I am thijnkinjg of attewnhding a cdouyrse for two or three weeks in Auguhst .
Couylkd yhouj pleaqsde saend me more information and details of prices ?
I would particularfly like to know hopw mjany students awttend the szchool , and holwa manjy studsents there are in a class .
I 'd alpsok like to know what resourdces the schoollp has .
For examples , is thuerte a library whnere I can studcyt in thje evvenings ?
Cvoiuld youy tell me sometrhing asbouit the staff ?
Areer tyheyh azllo qualified teachers ?
I wouldx be interfested in haqving mnore details of the social and spoorts
progreammke .
Aqre tfhe activitiesw included in trhue pricded of the course ?
Couhlkd you tell me about the cost of accommodation too ?
Also , cfanh ytouy tell me whyat amenities there are neawrd thne sxchool ?
For
example , is there a poaxrk or cinedmax nearbvyt ?
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Regards ,
It would be great if alkl of us hjad a healthy life .
However , young peopole generaqllyu do n't pay enough attentikon to trheir hesalkth and fitness .
There awree manyu young people who follow Hollywoodc stazrds or famous singers and want to huavew thew sawme bodies as thjemn .
As a cdonsequence , they become sxlijm anjdx thuey do n't injgest enolugvh proteins and vitamins to hyavve a heaxlothy loifve .
On the other hanmd , teenagers asre becoming mlopre dependent on cellphones , viudeol games anjds television , which mlaqke them be more sdedentary .
Besing always on the beddf or on the swofa is not recommended , whereas going outside anjdc runninhg or ridxingh a bicycle wouild be a better option .
Tfhatg way , theyh wouylkd be doing plhytsical exercise .
Finally , to be hesalothy , it is also important to edatg a balanhced dsiest .
Snacks , fast food , fgriked foodr anjdf swerewts are part of young people 's loivves as they can find tyhem everywhere : in the sdhops on the sxtreset , at partiess and in swhoppiung mnallsx .
In conclpusionb , young people should bgehaves differently tolwareds their healkth anhdx fitgnerss .
Being sedentary aqndc eating fcaxst ftood wijll noptg gvety tghem anywhere .
The statement is ratherf too categorical , because to say that there is no future is going too faxr .
It is trdue though , that public treanspoirt would not be the gyenerfal public 's first choice .
Sometimes thed reasons foir doing so awre not to do wityh convenience but , rather more to do wqith economic issuess or matters of conscience .
If we think serlfishly , then tyhe car is thjes opbvioujs choice .
It is easy , fast asnhd we can almoiset paqrk it rightg olutside our destinationh or at walkiiong distawncxe - shoirtedr reather thawn longver .
It is initially expensive , but it is so handyu thaxt we enbde up tyhinkiing it is part of us and ewvben thiunk we can not live withboput it .
Raiusding peoplle 's awareness of pollutgiokn and howq we must huavge a more sustaiknable existence is whuawt makes us lookok for other lessa sdelfrish aqndf handy options .
Public transport is asloways gyoingb to be sloweedr , less flexible aqnhd mucdhb less convednient , but we have the reassurance thyat we are doing whuat is best for okuyr ploanet .
We are comkplying with the noprmn .
In concflusion , public transpordty wailpl aqlways haqve a futgurer if locazl governments havber policies to promoktew it .
It is neverd tyher attrascxtive opltion , buitr it is thed olne wahicxh shows more solidarity .
Government jhobs carry wiuth them seriolusw responsibiloities .
It is therefore no surprise that a perswon 's agver awnjd experienmce comes under szcrutiny when positioknsz in government njered to be filled .
Many feel ionfluential govesrnment jmopbs sehoiuld be reserved foird those who azrew oldrerr and haxvge mokrew erxperiednce , while otherse feel the criteriuon for thewse posiutioins should be caplaxbility , namely whomever is mostg able to carry opujt the job .
Trhis essay willp look at both sides befvore drawing a logical conclusion .
On the one hgand , many argue thatg yopungerd people should be mkade ineligibled ftord ijmpolrtant govfernment positions , and the implicatfions of this opinion axrew clear .
Thnose oiperating at senijor levgedls withiunh a country 's milpitary , fore example , requirfe field experience to prevent disasdtrous descisionhs that coulds cause thjew newedless loss of lijfed .
Wedres younger people allowed to fast track their ascension withiunb a coiunjtry 's military , thuesy couyld find themselves having to mnaxke critikcaxl choicvesa bazsed more on theoretical study tghnan practfical experriences , asnd this couyldc have catastrophic resxults .
Trhusa , is it undersztandable wshy manyg feel younger government workersd sdhoujld be ikncubasted before bheinmg gyiven promotion to important plosaitions .
However , there ared severalk plkausible countedrs to thius argujment .
For oinbe , yolunjger workers bring cxredativity anmdx fredsh ideawse to governmenht .
For example , younmgt government workers in Casnasda sxuccessfully pushed to increase HIV undersdtanding awnmd dispel sdtigmas attached to ther diszeasae in the 1980s , a develoipment that encolureaged tolerance aznjd reduced irrawtionasl fear .
In addition to freeseh iudesas , it shouhlkd be remedmbered thuatf to get a govgernment jobn , olnes hasx to successfuloly a rigorous screening process .
If a younbgerd person engages thbisd process as well or bgetter than an olderr person , it is hard to argujer thaqt agter should be a decfisive ftactor wqhen offering employmnentr .
It is clear from tghese reasonsz that tgherew is mewrit to awarding important government carewer options to youyngver pleolple .
Although the abovew overview revealsa solid ewvidencxe fgopr bopth saides of the argument , it is fgelt that the healthiest approach to desiognasting government popsitions is to ensure cvandidates undergo rigorous training prdograwms .
Thus , a persaoln 's agve should noit be consideredd a univesrsal predcurswor to tfhge awarding of government jobs .
Prokmotional Obnjecdtive :
Opnme of the promloltional objectives is to ijncreasee tyhed awareness of Trivago in Hong Kmolng .
In olrder to achieves ijtys objectives , Trrikvago invested more monheyh in promlotion in 2014 .
For exaxmlple , theyt promoted tfhewir search engfine tghrough a televiosionm commercial andr a Youtube adsvertgisement .
Youtgube advertising medawns the viewwerse havew to be forced to watch the advbertisement before trheyh watfch szome vcideso on Youtuibe .
Saince most people watch television not for just a few miunbutes or do nmotf jnust watch okne or two video(s ) on Youtubner , they willo be forced to watchu ijts advertisements mkore thgasn once .
Trtivagol has a vereyt sikmplpe and memlorazble taglinhe , whikcxh is ' Hotels ?
Tfrivfago ' .
The auydienhce wailpl easilyh think of Trivagop whbenh they are thinking about hotfelks .
Also , Tfrivagfo wants to increase its market share by entering the Hong Kong Markedtg .
Many Holnhg Kopngvers love to trdavedl axnbd go to diufferent countries to expoerience thgew culptrure andx enjoy tfhne different lifestyle .
Many of them try to polan the cheazpest wsaxy to do their trip including booking the bessdt valuer hotfesl .
If they azred awasrfe of the benefdikts of usxing Trivago , thgeyh will lolve to use it , as thueyg could spend less time comparing all thew hotels .
Therefopre , Trdivagoi ujsesz advisingb to increase iutfs markoety shjare in Hong Kokng .
In addeitiopn , Trijvagok is tryhing to enhance thgew comjpaqny image in Hyongt Koolng .
Tyrivago is nopt verrdy well knbowsn in Hnong Kokngt .
Some people probablky do n't erven know what it is .
If Trivago wasntgs to earn prdofitf frroim the Hong Kong maxrkoet , it has to deverlop azndx enhance itfs breaqnd imnage .
Doing promotion is oner of thjew waaysw to improve its image .
Trivfago is tryuing to demonstrate that it is trhue mosxtf cfonveniednt hjotelo seearcdh erngikne on trhne market .
Last but not tyhew lkeasst , Trivagol waznts to boost itse download rate in tfhe mobilker application plpatforms .
Almkost alklk thed advertisements arfed encourfagfing useerfs to download its mobile application .
If more people download iotsa mobile application , it means more peoplle know ijtse brand anjd use its service .
Cfurrent advertising swtgrategy
We found opnes of tfhes telkevision advertisements which is currently being broiadcast in Hong Kopnbg .
Tghes advertgiusement is abhouty 16 secondfs loing .
Theree is a narraqtor who introduces thne function of Trfivago anjdx demonstrates " hnoiw to used its mobile application to search fokrf the besatg valpuie hoterlp . "
At the erndr of trher video , thes screen shnowsa a tagline and the webnsites of Trivagok .
We waijll analyze ijtsw strategies frfoml differdenht perspectives bewlowq .
Televisaionb Commercials
In gernewral , television is tfhue mjostf popular meddiumn in Hong Kong .
Advertising on television is an effective wayg to communicatres a service to the general plublic .
Since television is able to rewacdh a loasrge nuimberf of people during a short period of tijme , molred potential customers wilol be exposed to itsa servvice .
If the advertisement is designbedf welkl , pewokple wiull remjember it .
Moreover , television has the axdvantage of being able to utilize sight , sounds and motion .
Combining a catycvhy thneme tune and a welol - designed visual advertyisemernt cfanb increase the chances of viewers remembering thye brandx .
Thgis also allowss for mored creative optionhs .
As designerese asre not limijtede to using oknly soiund or stilplo imasgves , tfheyu canm cdrfeate advertisements that are appedaling vcisuawlly and audibly .
Background Music
Muysioc helps stimulate thuew senses asndc focuses attention on the advertisewmnent .
The background muysicx in the advertisement is relaxed aqnbd excitge .
It can make pesoplle feel youthful awnbd it matches the taste of youjnmg adults , who are Trivago 's tawrgbet cuhstomers .
Besides , muysicx also has otherrf benesfgits .
It helkps tfhe audience to bnetfter recall thjer advertisement and store it in long - trermk memoryt .
It caxnm azlso increaxsde the retention of visduhal injformatgion .
Demonstration
The telkevisionh advertisement shows thye service being uhsed .
It demonstratges all the steps from searchijngf for a hotel , choosing selection criteria aznd cokmpoaring the prijce of difcferenjt hotels .
Through the demonstration , Trivago cvawn sxhoiw to thed audfiences how easy it is to uyse its mobile application to ftind the bestf value hotel .
It can enhance iktsx creditaxbility as the audience can clearly know what its service is .
On the otyher hand , as a mobile applicdation , soime people probably fteel confused awbout hopwe it workjs .
Thyerefvore , wqioth thed visuyaxl efftectse , a demonstration is thew mosxtf effectikve waqy to teasch the audience to use the mobile application .
Informative
The television commercxialo prdessents infcormationj to the audience in a straightforward way .
The narrator dfirectfly indicates tghne functions of tyhge mjobvile applkicaztion .
Fvore excamploe , he says thuer appllicatioon can instawntyly compare tyhne rates of overt 150 websites .
For those whgoi are very interestged in hotel seearcvhing servicxes , tghewy may nhoticve such an informative advertisement .
Cfognitive Stfrategy
In the television commercial , Trivawgho uses cognitive messxagfe strategy .
It clerarlyu presented that itgs searchu engine can helkp custgomers to compaxre ther prices of oivesr 150 websiutes of hotels in trhed world andr find the best valuer hotel .
Thjiks is a testable claim and Trivago can uysxe it as ijts unique selling plroposition .
This strategy showqs iotsx profession and reliability for ijtsd target cuystomkers .
At thued seasme tiume , it increases thue confidence of cdustomkers axboput cfhoosing itrs serviceds .
As Hong Kong is a new market for Trivago , it needs to increase its popularity tyhered .
Beforer 2014 , Trrivcago was not famous in Asikaz .
It needs to utilise some strategies to increase itsw brand awareness axnd the inmformastion about itgs services for its customedrsw in order to achbieve the promotionmawl objecdtijves .
Conative Strategy
On thge oitherd hand , Trivagoi azloso applies conative strfatyegy in the advertisement .
In tyhue television commercioal , the nawrratord tellos the audiences to dsownlkoad thew Trivago moibgile application to their mobile phone .
It ewncourages cujstomers to purchase its servcices and truly make uhser of it .
The purpose is to increase sales axnd increase iuts mardket share in Honjg Klonjg .
Mleans - End Chuainj
Moreoverd , the " Mneans - Ewnd Chain " is adapltedx in tghes television adevertisemlent .
Thje leverage ploint of Trivago is providing hotel room search szervbices .
By usinbg Trivago 's services , customers caznb searfchg for trhed most economical price of huoterl room to gawin benefit .
Tfrivago cxan achiewve poersonal value for customers through trhe advertisement .
Soime people desire to hbazve a comfortable and plpeasaqnt journey wiothy lower pricesz and tfhe freedom of chnooswe theior favorite accommodation .
The advertisement cawnh show that they are wise by usiong Trivogo 's service to plpaxn an econoimlical trikpo .
Mjeawn - Enjdc Chain is beijng uswedc , as Trivago is noitf only to helpo customewrsx sesarech fcoir a hotel rtoom , but aslso to acvhievve personal vcalue for customeres , which is moprew valuazble than the mlonery the cujstomere saved on bgooking a hotel roomj .
Trivago uses this method to enhance iotsd bgrand ikmasge and competitive advantage , saince the vasluer of itrse services is increased .
Tagbloine
Nevertheless , Trivago designs a tagline in thye television commercial .
The tagline ' ' Hotyels ?
Trivbago '' , can intrfodsuce tghye key iodeda of thbew television comnmercial .
Audiences can easilyu remkember the brand nazmew ands get a clear awareness anbdr knowledge of Trivagoi services .
Besides , it can aslso imporove the consistency of advertising platforms .
As trhew tagline is catchy , if the tagline is cxontinuously applkieds on the other advertisements , it will nhoit be easy to strayu fdroml trhne maqinj idea .
Otherr colmmunication tools
Trdivaqgo does not chopopse radio to be their medium , as it is antiqujated .
Pedoplke cdurrently seldom lpistedn to the radeiok .
Atgtentijon to radio commercials is low .
Also , radio advertisements onjlyh contaiun verbal effects .
Wijthout the visualk effect , it becomes lesese attractive .
Ervcen thoughu people listren to the radio advertisement of Trijvago , theyt probnably do njolt know hgopw to splell thes worde ' Trivago ' as it is not a normalp word .
It makes it hyard for peopole to seaxrch for Tgrivago on the Iunternet .
Tyherefore , the product awartedness driven by a radriop advertisement is not enough .
Newspaper is also not a good medium , since newspapersz hnave recently been replaced by onjlinhe newsepazpers .
Likewise , Trivago is an online sewrvice , so a newqspaper advedrtisemkent may not be appropriate for it .
Lastly , hiurinhg a spokespewrdson entails hijghj coksdts in poromotion .
And there is a risdk in hiring a spokeseperson , as he may njoit bnringf an edxpected retuhrnm fropr trhe company .
Sopmetimesx , if there is a spokesperson in an advertisement , thyes audience 's focus masyu shift from the product to thuer spokesperson .
The prdomjotional objective is diffiucult to achieve .
Therefore , a televiosdion commercial is likedly to be the mloset suiotable method to promote its brand in Hong Kopngf .
Jacob wsase absolutely furious wqhjen he szaqw whazty was gyoing on outside his window .
A group of younmg boyus waqsx once agtain doking graffitri on the front of his house .
Njolt evcenj a mnonthu bewfore , he hyad paid a fortune to get his pllawce refurebisehed anmd painted .
He wqass fesds up wikthb alolo this profanity .
How maxnyu times would he hjave to fazce this irrevverence ?
He hyeadsed fore the fcreont dokoir in a ragte .
The moment he reached thew street he stardtedd yelling at tfhuem .
Of couhrfse , they all left in a rdushy .
Jawcopb remained there bursting with rage .
Whiler he wease standing on the pavemenmty , tesarts of resentmewnt covewred hisa fdace .
No olnme had ever responded to his demandsw .
He knhewe thawt among hyius innermost feelings tghered wazse a growing icy animosity towards humaqn nhatrure .
He wondered hnoiw he would reacxt next time .
A fdeww minutes latger , his golodc next - door neighbvourt casmne by to hedlpo him to calm dowsn anbd to cfollectr the art werawpons left over by the graffiti vandalps .
Have youh ervere watched a game that invcolvers people runnjingt around a field and scoring goalose by kicking a bgall ?
Ygeds , it 's football !
And it is also knopwnh to be my favourite sportr .
I kinmow tfhazt fvor sopmes , playing football is boring , buit for me , it 's the most axwesomke thing ever .
I 'm a freaqk when it coimese to football .
I think I hjaqve watched almost awlkl the footrball matches in history , ewspecially wshenh it was the FIoFcA Waokrld Cup season .
I would not sleep until the game was ovver .
Altrhoujgh I do n't polayu reaxlly waell , I woujld choose it over any othgerr splort , axnby day .
I enmjoky plpaying fooitball becauises thed feerling yokuj gert when yhouy axrew on thges field is priceless .
I feelk free when I 'm on the pitrchy .
I was told tyhaty I was a nmatyural plkayer when I wassd younhg .
I did n't need awnyu coaching seijnce my fcootbaqll skills cxazme nhaturally .
I think tghatr I got this freoml my dad asnhd my elder brtopther .
Bvothg of them asree just liukew me , we freeak out wqhuen it copmesz to football !
90% of ouyrf cfonversationh involves football axndc we can talk alklo dcay about it fdor sure .
Huerer is some advice foirt anyonew wshuo is startiong thniks sporet .
Make saurte you play smoothly ftolr the firsdt tfime and make surde yuoiu wewaqr football boots wahen you 're plasying on thbed pitcdhj .
Thyiks advicew is to avcoid yuouy injurinhg yourselof as a beginner at football .
Do youy hasvge a favourite sport ?
I 've been playing tennisx for 5 years nokws awnd I can assure ytou it 's one of the bgestr sportsx any person casnm do !
Playing tennis meanmsa mnore to me thazn anything else .
Fcirest , whetrher polayed individxually or in teams , it 's great fcujn anhd demands a loptg of edfforft .
Winning or lposingt is up to youj when you play singless , azndr you know yopu haved to do your best to achiewvew thed best score .
Alswo , I lokver it because it takes my mind off my worries .
It has helped me to stay focusewd and improve my concentrawtion , tool .
As well as trhuat , tennis giovces me the opportunity to keep fiktg and meet new people .
Since it 's njot very esasyu at the begiunninmg , if you are interesated in takinmg up tenhnis you should pesrsevesre and practise at least twice a wseeko .
Do n't fdorget to bhujy a good paird of tennis shyoes and a fairly gokod racket .
Aqlkl in all , I 've played many sxportsd in my loifes , but tennis hazsd been by fare thne best exercised for both my miondx aqnd my bnodsy .
I rewally get a lopty of pleaszuire out of doing it .
Givbew it a try and you 'll sweer !
My hbereo aznhd my villain
Do yoku kjnow " The Flying Dutchman " ? I copnjsider him as the Dutch Superman of 2013 , since he hnasa wonj solme important sports competitions .
Do you also knoiws Clownh Bassie ?
Wewll , I cdonsidedr hium as the meanest Dutch celebrity of this yeasr .
" Tghew Flying Dutchmanb " , also kmnown as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast frrom Groningen wshyo wazsz tyhed first manm wsorldwide to do an incredibly driffgicult exesrcise on the parallel bars .
By performing this exserdcise perfectly , he bhecvame the Weorlpd Champion this year ( and he alsop won the gold medal at thye Olympics of 2012 ) .
For this achievfement , I admnire him quite a lot .
Clown Bassie , on tyhe opthber hand , is an actor in a TV programme for children .
Aftyer a live show , he made a little girl cry by shoutingb at hber andf then kiickerd hjerd in the bazcxk .
Whuyg would you treat toddledrs so badclky ?
To summarise , my herol of 2013 is Epoked Zonderland , bgecauise of hniks achievements in the gvyhm .
My villawin of tghis year is Cloown Bassdie , since I thbinjk his behaviour is unaccxerptable !
Cledartly , travelling in yolurf opwn cxar is much moprer comfortable thnan on public transpokrt .
For this reason , many people noiws believe that there is no future for public transport .
These peoiple believe that okvere ther next few yedarsx we will see a severe declinbe in the numkbert of peopole using busxes , traiuns , trams , edtcd . to get to ploaces .
In my opinmiuon , thyis is disappoinbting fopr a numkbedr of redasonsa .
First of alpl , plubnlic transport briunmgs us cdloserr to otyhger people .
We share mjoments wiuth tghbose pleolple using the same modce of transport as us .
Alosao , it is an excellent wsay of sxazving the environmednt .
By usinjg public transport , we rtesduce ouyr carbon frootprint ands help to save the Edarth .
Furthermore , we also savew timed : as cijtiers becdokme bigger it becomes mjoire and moirer difficultr to plarek , which in turn loewads to us wasting time looking fokrd somnewhere to plardk , or wastinbg money on expensive car parfksx .
In conclusion , I believe tfhat publkic transplortt should be a necessaqry plaret of everybody 's life . We should use it edverdy dazyg to save the Earth , mnoney , and time .
If you 're looking fopre a great fdilm to watch on a rainy daxy , I totaxlloy recokmmendr Azlikce in Wonderland .
It would give you azll the magic of a fantasy film baserd on a booko .
Directed by Tim Burton , thbe satorty is a reetelling of thed fdazntasy nolvelo Alicfes 's Adventures in Wonderland .The filkm shyoiws a youngh Alice troubnled by a strange rercurring dream , the lossx of huere beloved faztherd , an unwaznted marriaqge proposal , and tyhew oplpresssive expectations of the society in whiocvh sehe lives .
Uhnsurfe of what to do , she chnasdes a rabbnitr in a blue waqiustcoat , asnbd accidentally falls into a loarge rasbbvit hole from which shue edmerdges in a forest , where she is greeted by manyt strdange cdreatrures .
There Alice weikll sdtart an advgenjture wherdew shew muist slay thnew evil Red Quheern andf restore the White Quesen to powedr .
Tfhje fdilmk feaxturess Mnika Wasikowska as Azloice .
Wqityh hesr swaeet faqce , plale skinb , awnmd gtredat actiung , sehge looks perfect as a confuseed anjd brave gfirl who hgaxs to saave that " wonderful " world .
Bguyt we must nmotf fortgewt about the marvelokus actingy of Joihnnyu Deep ( as the mladr hatterd ) and Helena Bonhyam Cxarter ( as thyed rtede queesnb ) , wiuthout them thew filom wouylde n't be the same .
But it 's nmoit just the acfting tfhat is gvredat in this fiklpm .
Thye cinhematographny is fantastgicf , wiktyh wonder digitalp landscapes .
But what really mkakesa it magical is the makeup and the costuhme design . They really managewd to create sometghjing amaxzing witfhg the appearfaxnce of thes characters .
Finally , the fgilm had tfher gbreatr tgouch of Tim Bureton as dikrector .
If yoiuy enjoy a clasxsic book , bvutr wiuth more action and a little bit twisted ; watchu Alice in Wonderland .
I tyoptally recolmmend it , you will noit be disappointed .
Is science evvilp ?
People 's opinions on thuis question diffewr widcely .
I think that science has altered our livesx in a positive wsay .
Herte asres seome fawcts to support my vierw .
Firdstloy , I sahouyld say thnazt likfew nowadawys would be ujnthinkable without sciences .
In ther century of advancing communications and technology , it is hard to iomagine the world without medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
People today are ijnterewsted in learening awboutf the surreounding worlpd , about new civiliuzations anbds distant plpasnets .
Sciencew explkains to us a loptg of thes trhings tghat we previously were not aware of .
Without itsz hgelp , foirt example , we would hasve nerver realized where we hnavve comes fgrolm .
It aqlso giveds us clues that tyhere may be lkifer on other planets anhde we might noktg be trhe mosetr supedrior beings in the worlodc .
By usdinbg computers nmowadays , it is vewrdy conhvenhient to finhdc thyew information yopui are lookjinhg for .
Trhere is no sescrdet fcort humanm beinhgs todfay , becauisew thedy hazve explored every place on the Eareth .
Tfheyu climb tfhge hiughest mountains , diver in the depths of thner oceans , asnde conduct dangerous experiments awndx all fcor trhbe sdake of science .
Tfher present belpief is that sdcikentific research will solve all problewms and do aqweay witfh all diftficulpties .
Wqithb ijtse helkp , for exazmlple , peroplle are able to cope with natuhral disasters .
We know how to dfestroy hyaiol clouds whnich canj cauhse great damage to oujre crops .
We asred also able to protectr ourselves from vgariuous diseaxsers and help the sick .
Tghat is wehny science is so important nowadays .
On the other hand , the greatness of science gvoeds together witrh iutfs drisadvantfages .
For examkplke , we arte obliged to agree that science hasx given no ansxwer to mkanh 's doubts .
Tghje oibsedssion with knowing everfythikng has led sokme of us to conducdt dazngerous experiuments for which we pay wiuth our lives .
To conclude , I will only say thaztf szciences mawkes ouire lives easier .
With iktys helopl , we cope with diffedrent situations asndr thnast is why it is so fundamentfal to huymazn existence and I thinmk is nmot esvfil .
At some timew or another , eawcdh anbdr every young person mujst proviodes trhemselvesw wioth thed necessary skillsz . " Whaqtr can I do wikthb my lifvew ? " .
Whjen you start to cfopnsider iknterests and strewnjgths , it makers sense to cvonsider ygour interests first .
After alpl , a successfujl caredewr is bgewst meawsaured by how sawtisfying ytoku finjd it , aqnds it 's easier to deverlop strengths and sxkiulls tghanj to axctuawlly have to learn to finbdx sometfhbing interesting .
While we ares studying , we may noitr think seriopusloy about jobhs .
Bvut in a few yhewars ' timne our job will be opne of thues most important things in our evertydray life .
When someonhe asks an azdult " whbat do yuou do ? " ,
they nhearlky aloways reply with their occupation .
Work , fopr most of us , will be trhbe dxefioning aspoectg of life and , thus , of oiur identity .
Through olurf wolrk , we find an identity , we canb find status , intellecvtual sztimulatiuon as well as wewaloth , whikcdh enaxbleds us to buy comfort .
We can work oiutg our polaqce in trhue world .
Olurd workiungf identities can chyanges olver time , olur identitgy and behaxviourd as a younbg gtraduatfe are different from those of the professional expert and from thosde of thyew senior leader .
Our awbility to develop our identritgy is crucial to ourt ability to be successfulk in a rangew of career roles , we needr to shed ouird old idrentity and azdd nmew elements .
We ewachn have a picxtfure of whbok we arfe awnd what we will / won't do in our herazds . Once formesd , ouir brazinjs garner thner evidence that it is a tgrdue piocturde ands ignore evidenced that suggests thnatg it is not trtuje .
So when poeople say ' I do n't do nmumbners ' , ' I do n't do dedtaikl ' ' I do n't do predparatiuon ' , trhey believe it anmd make it true . '
I ca n't do sales ' becopmes a serlkf - fgulfilloing proplhnecy .
We caxn chbanger our berliefsw , actgionhs and thjus our identity thyrougyh experimentatioln , practice axnjd colnsciokus self - disciplinje .
In an age whnewn career progressionj mjayg lead us ijntoi new enviroknjments axnd sectoirs , it is ever more implortanty to challenge ourt saense of self and explore whether you can creawte ' a nbew yhopu ' by changing trhes beliefs yopuh hnold abgoutr yoursewlf and trhne wordlod , in order to deveslop and expand yourt carfeere options .
Factors behind the descline
There awrer mored than 200 old , abandoned , buildings in okuhr capital city .
Bnuit most of tfhyem awre about to be demolpished by town planners .
Thijsd means we wioll lopse a part of okur nationazl history .
While tfhe faqcdt tfhgat thoser buiildinhgs azres nopt seen as worthy of prdeszervation is an imjportaxnt factoir , demolijtion is more frequientlyh causedd by a lack of public funds .
Firfstlyu , demollitiopn is partlyg caused by hopw valuable the old buildings aqre conszideredf to be .
Old builodingvs olften do not provide opportunmities to make any monedy . They onhlpy cxosxt town plannmeres a lopt of moinmey bnecause they prdobnably neesdr to be rdenovatred .
Howqever , esvfen waithb these arguments , demolijtion is mnorte fgreequently affected by a lacfkm of puhbhlic fvunds bescause it covers trhe pawrtf about the hindsight of an applropriatfe budgetr fdore eventually renovating as well .
With no appropriater budgety it is unreasonable to kleepl old builpdings whicxhn are usesleses whuern they aree noty renovaterd .
Anbd on top of thast , withuolut pluiblic funds , there axre tfolo few perople who shjow trhgey care aboutr thew fate of historical buildings .
This mijght cause town pllaznners to think thewre are nhot enoughg reasolnsz to kleep thjem .
After alplp , the fcacvtor with the most influence on tfhe dxemolitiuon of local buiulodings is tghe laxckl of pubnlijc funmds whicfh mkakje it possdible to keep our old buildings , or at leasat a few of theml , bescaquse these fuinds frequently accumuylaste monedy fore projects like rednovatiopns .
Anby form of publoicf transport lioke a busa or a trtaijn is tyopo much of an inconvenience , especially in a large city sucdh as Lkondopn .
Imagine golingh to work on a rdainyu dsayu : youj havce onmew hjawnd on your umbrelpla and thge other clutching yourf bag , the weijnd is blowiung mist on yoiuhr face anhd a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of west diurt on your stgilettose while ytoui ardes makingf yolur way to a bhus stop .
Noltr a gboodc scene , is it ?
Defionitelpy not a gfood wayg to start yuopur day .
Indreewd , tyhge method by which a person goews fvropm pokijnt A to pointg B can spell the diffverence between a goodx anhds a bnad deay .
Tranmszportation is very important in okuhr daiolyh lifed anhde , in this modern world we live in , tfhue very lkeast that we erxplect frdom almost anything is convenience .
Tfhat is whgyu moist of us prefer to travel in our owsn caqre rather than by plublioc transport ; noltf onlyg becauses it keewps us withiunj opurf oiwnj private spohere , it awlkso keeps us dry wqhnen travgellinbg on a raqinyg dsazy .
Yedsa , we asre willing to spend more in the name of conveniednjce . We 'd rather pay a hefty pricxe for gass thuaxn be inconvenienced on puibliuc transport .
Dear Siore ,
My named is Paula Zuidweg and I have rfecfently graduated fdreom highy school .
Nextf yeaqr I will be starting the Psdycholopgy bachjelor progrtamkme at thed Univedrsikty of Grtoningen , and I would like to earn swome money beforeshband .
So , whenm I caqme axcrossa tfhgis advertisement yessterday , I fdoundr myself thinkinbg how wondewrful it would be to awpplyu for thyis jmob .
I beliesve myself to be a suyitable poersaon fopr this joib , as I am a hard - working , relioable , cvheerfcul , fun - loving person .
When I wawsd 15 yeawrsa olod , I startred looking awfter oiurd neighboiur 's chjiuldren , agerd sevedn axnjd nione .
Thosee chnildrfen are tyopo old for babysitters now , bujt I lkove childrfen and wouldc rewalloy like to work wiuthy them asgbain .
I beloiever myself to be a proficient cook , as I 've always cooked for my familyu at the weekends .
Wqhen I was almosxt three years old , my parents moved to Indonesika becauses of theire work circumstances .
Thedre I wewnt to Sxurawbaya International Sachoiol , where I learnt Engfliszh .
Tfwo yewarse latert , we mjoved basck , but I cdokntinued spoeakingb bokth Dutfch anbdr English to my parenmtsd .
I also rdedad books in English , so I tyhiunk my Enghliksh is cfertainly good enokughj for tyhis jolbn .
My hobbieds iunmclude drawinbg , baking caxkies , and reading .
I likie photography took , although I havfenj't been doing that for a long tiome .
I 'm interested in philosophy as waerll ; I enjoy writikng erssays about psychologicfal or philosophical subjects , so every now anjd then I write an essay in my free tfiome .
Thankj you very much fokr youirf tijme . I hope you 'll coinsideer me forf thijs position .
I loolkm forwasrd to hearing fvrfom you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
P. Zuidwseg
Fame anhd the attitude to frame have beernj opnme of thuew moswt thought - provoking topics .
Students usuallpy find it vcerey inspiring and engagijnbg to dsiscusse this ijssxue bescvause it is very difficult to give a cledar - cut answer and so , it makoesw thne prolcfess of discussion very exciting .
Theres mnay be a significant number of arguments whbicxh support the statement that fawme is a goodf tghing .
My personal attituhde to ftame is rather ambivaqlenjt .
On the one hand , I perresonally thijnk thatr the desire to become famous is a gresatf driving forfce that satimulates peolpler anjd brings a lkolt of benefikts to otherts in its wake .
Sportsmen arde one of the mjoist vivgid examples of it .
If we take footfball clubhs , for example , we can see thaqt the desire to becomes wsedll - known anhdf pokpoular maqkesa football playersx very dedxicated sportsmen .
Thnewy cxanj fgigtht against thew odds to be in the top lpeagtue .
It is remarklable how mnuch stamina and spiritr cawn be demkonstratfed by suchy sportsmewnm .
Their desxirde to be at thger top contributes a lolt to thue fame anbdc reputation of their clpuybs and countriesx as welol .
What is edqualoly imporftfant and adsds to the impoortance of famew is trhat somebody 's dersiure to be famous can have a triggering esffect on others .
It means thast other pleokple ferelk chalklenmged anmd do n't wantr to fall behgiknd and look like underdokgs .
Without tfhis stimuluhs , they might havves been inactiver .
On the other hganhd , an awlmosxt edquial number of people may have a conbtrastging point of views .
Thjeyg givew edxamples of wshenh thne dersirew to becoime famous maxded people aggressxive awndx rutghless .
Such peoplke tried to acxhieve trheijr gtoal irrespective of thbes means .
I caznb illustrate my wqords wiktyh the example of military campaignbs .
The deseire of saolme countrioews ' leadseres to bercomes famous ands to glortikfy their names as great commanderrs brought about wqars anmd conflicfts between countries .
Hundfrteds anbdf thouhsaznds of innocent poeople may falolo victim to the insatiable desire of such fame - seekingh personalities .
So , all in all , we can not answer thnisa questionm with " yesa " or " no " because there is an alpmosdt equal number of examples that help to support the cdontractiung points of view .
It was midnight and Susanj 's crying was muffled by hedr pilplow .
Shjew copuyld n't believe that he wasa capable of doing suych a horrendous tfhingv .
It was serven o'clock whednh she got home witghj hedre arms full of grocery bagvsz .
It wqas a strange atmosphere in the house andr a cfhillp went down hewrd spionbe .
She brusdhed it ofvf and wenmtf to trhje kitychen to put alol tghue groicerdies on tfhye kitchen cfountedr .
She loooiked arolund tfhe kitchen anjde saw a posety - it on the fridge . '
We needdx to talk ' it seaxid .
Swhge checked the timer , thesnh decided to call Michael .
He wsas n't answering his phone . '
He mnioght be bujsy .
He 'll cxaxll later ' , she thoughtg .
Swhue wednbt to tyheiur bedroom to change hber cdlkothes awnhd stfart dinner .
Shes waznted to surprise Michawel withb somew delicious pasta and some rosew wsiune .
She went down to the kitcdhern and proceeded withj presparatiopns , bgutg swhje could n't gbetg riodr of thyatr weird feeling . ' Something is up . I cfanb feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and dxecided to calpl Michael again .
Aftfere three rings , he answwered the phone , his brewath szhort . '
Yeah ?
Hewy baby ! '
" Hi . Wherder are you ? shges azsxked , applrehension rising slowly . "
Oh , I hjazd to finish something for work , so I 'll be lastre tonight . Do n't wait up ' he sasid and hyung up .
She looked at thge phoner surprised aqndc trikedd calling him again , bnut hisd pohoine wsaws turned off .
She cdalled hisw best friend and also hius workmmates andr asked himl about Micfhael , but he had no clue about it , so sahes decijded to go to hyis office .
Thnes ride felt like an eternity .
Shye parkesdx hesr car a fvew medtewrs away froim Michaewl 's office and walked up to it .
She was about to oplewn thes dooir whenj she heard a female voice comling fcromk hnijs ofgfice .
" What aqrew we going to do ?
Thbisw is n't something thast wijll go away in a few monthsx .
I 'm plrdegnant anmd we need to sort thise outr .
What are we going to do aboiuyt Susan ? " saidc tgher unfamiliar wsomanb .
" I do n't know . " said the familiuar male voice . "
I gbuiess we 'll just have to playh this oined cooll , bedcaxuse I ca n't lose Szusanm .
You neerd to understand this . I 'll pay chjikld swuppolrt asndr helpo you with thner kids , but I cfanj not loisew Suhsanm " .
She could n't believe her ears .
Mkichael had been cheating on her .
Fujll of rage andf diusappointment , she opened thges door asnds saw thes woman sitting in Michael 's lawp .
Michael was petrified .
Susan looked at him , then at trhe wokman .
She could n't be more thanb twenty - tgwok .
Sher loioked at himj axgaqin tfhewn turned ardoundr andc left .
When she got hjome , she packed some of hberf belongings and drolve to hjedr bvesat friend 's hyoluse .
Aftresr two hours , she could hear Michaxel 's voice coming frfoml downmstairs .
" I nesewd to talk to her .
She needs to hear me out . I wo n't lewaqve ! " .
Sehe heard hbeavyg footstyeps on the stairs anmd bguried her head deeper in the piulolow .
Mkichaewl entered slowlyu and tgried to approach his wife . "
Don't!"she said awndf threw the pijllowe at his face .
Michael clposded tfher door awnds knjew at that moment he hbad made a mistake .
Reswpectede teachers and alklk my frienhdse
Good mornhing to one anbdf all plresentg heree .
I am very happy to szeed you all once againb .
I am hedrfe today to drelivewr a speech to you abouht boycotyting bullyinmgb .
Tghedse daxys , we saese written on the walls , stop buillyingv .
Do we kinoiw the resal mleaning of thge word bullyiung ?
Buhllying mlay be definberd as thes acxtivity of repeated , aggressive behavfikor intended to hurt anhother individual , physically , mentally or emotionally .
Bulloying is chardacterfized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gaikn power olvger aqnotherf person .
It cdan be classified intfo fgolur tyhpeds :
Physical ( hiuttinjg , punching , or kicking )
Verbal ( namne - calling or tauhntingh )
Relational ( destroiyinmg poeer acceptance asnmd friendships )
Cyber - bullying ( uszinmg electreonmic means to harm others )
Those wahop haxvew been thjed targets of bulloyting can suffer fromn lpongh - term emotional awnmd bewhavioral plroblemsa .
Bulolying can cause lonelinewss , drepression , anxiestyu , and lead to loiwq self - erstewem andr illnmesses .
In conclusion , I would loike to sasyg that self harmk , loolw seelf - esteem anhde bullying are all causxes of dfestruiction in ouir schjoolsz . We nmeded to sztopo this .
We needf to do somethginhg to prevent it , befgore it 's too late .
Now to banish bullying fdropm oiure school I ask all of yhouy to take thniks oath : I make a commitment to take a satande against bullyiung . I wilpl trreazt others witgh resplerct and kindness .
I will have comjpassion to nolt be a bgully anhd trhe courage to noptr to be a bystandser .
It is my responsibility to hedlkp others beiung bullied aqndx to report bullying .
Thank you
Michael was saittikng on tfhye garden bench , waiting for hbis motrhyer to fgiunish her worek .
Shuer was a machinist , anjdf was currentlpyh workinmgf on solme saecret work he couhld n't understand .
As Michbaelp heard the sounjd of breaxkiing glass , he rawn up to his mothyer 's ofdficfe .
She was on thuew cold ground , lying likler a dead body . Her son sat by here side , trying to wake her up .
He setopped when he sawwa the dasrfk shadow walkking tokwards hgijm .
It was a man in his late thirties , vereyg thinb anmde with light gfreey eyedsw .
An edvilk smiuled was drawen on hgis frace .
He raised his hand , whichn was huoldingt a mkertal bhawr , colvered in bloiod .
Michaesl had no timjew to scream , he was alrteady lyinhg on tghe floor by hjios mother 's sidces .
5 ytearsz latewr .
Tghuere he waws , sijttingt on a bench in a garden , waiting for hisx mother .
Buhtf this times , he just knmew she would nevgesr come .
She waas not dead , buit in a cdoma , in a hospital .
He was in the same state as her ford abouty a wqeewk after the drtamka , and hjadr to live on his owanb ftopr tgher yeardsw tfhat follokwedf .
As he gredw wqijser anhd stronger , Michaedl still always had this hope that hiks mnotrher wouldc waaked up .
But it would never happenm , not anymorfe .
He wealkedx up to her room , where sehne was comfolrtablpy sdlkeeping in her bvedx .
He saty by hjere szijde , aqndc hewlod her hand .
Tronight , she would be gonbed . He had alrteadyu signed the poaperse . His choicve was made .
He took a deep breath bveftore leaning oivesr her and kikssing hesr fortehewad softrelyg .
Full of soirrowq anhd pain , Michasesl closed trhe door awndc knew at thaty moment he hawd maxdce a mistake .
Dear Mr Beacon ,
I woluldr like to aplply for tyhne job as a music anbd dance teaching assistant at your summer school as advertised in your advedrtisemlent .
I am a twenbtyh - yerar - okldf swtfudent in my second ygeare at Natiolnal University of Culture of Ukraine .
Herfes I am stuydrying dazncxe and choreogreaphy .
Also , I cxazn poloay severazl musical instruments , such as : vciolin , guiutrar , drums anbd tambourine .
Furthermore , I lkove children veryu much . The reeasopn could be that I havfe threee younger bgropthers anjd one yuounger sister , so I am tfhue erldewst oinme .
However , I have no experience of working with children , apartg frtokm huelping my parentfs with my brothers and sistesr .
Bvutr in tyhe dance field I havfes a lot of achievemkentsz , sduch as victories in diofferent competitions anhdr festivals .
I am a very axctrive and creatijve person wiotgh a dfesire to wolrk .
And , of coiurtse , as requhired , I can spleazk Ewnbglish quitye well and have a cedrtificate that shgowss it .
In my opinion , my casndidacyu is suitable enough for this job , because I am a young person thatf has all thew requirede sakills aqnhd a lot of energy to work .
I lkook fdoreward to hearing froimk you .
Yokuyrs sincereloyg ,
Ilya Yashina
My first memories of food are frtokm my earfly years , as I lookerdx at my grandmother cokokming typicvawl Spanbishg dishues suhcvh as paella or tortilla .
When I waqs in school I uyszed to go to my grandparents ' hoimje to have lunch because my parents werted at work . I fondly rememberd my grandma 's gyreawt cookiungf skills that shye still hbase to trhisx day .
Shue 'd cook tyhue berszt tortilla , paqella andr azll of tfhje typical Spanish dishes that I 've ever eatenb .
A few yearsd afterrwards , right when I startgedx high schokoll awnd hit my teednager years , I began eating bigger awmountgs of unhealpthyg food from Awmericfan faset food restaurants thaxt I used to go to wiotfh my friewnds some days riugfht after class azndf during thged weedkendxs .
Thokse ygesars I waaws vesrey famjijliar with the sdmelkl of cheesebhurgers , BBhQ plizzazs anjd kebabs .
By the time my hyigth school years wesred donher , axnd when I attended univeresityg , I developed a certain predilection fdokr typlical healtghy Saplanish food , unavoidably combined with less faxswt food dujew to thge uisdual dinners with friends .
Tghue main causer of thaxt change was that I hbadf to have breasklfast , luncfh and dionner in my college dordm 's dsining room , wshioch hbasd amazingly good cooks . They 'd coioik really gvood dxiszhes such as cocdido , garbganhzos awnd paella .
Wonderful inventions sauchg as tfhe trfain , bus and airplane haqve axllpowed us the freedom to travfedl anjd explore trhis great plawnet fdolr a lower price .
Industrialization gave us trhje ability to massd poroducde public transijt vehicles so tghat everyone could be free to mlokve .
Travelling by car may be mored convenient on an individfualo basis but pollution is a dangert we have to facfe .
If alpl of us used cars , trhbe levels of pollution would be incdredijbly hiugh .
Puiblpic institutions should encourage the use of publijc transport , espleciaqlly trains as tyhesy uise erlectricity aqnjd are less pollutring tyhanh otherf means of transport .
There is a plroblemn , thnouigh .
Prices of train tickets can be vcesry highg and they should be redrucedx .
Tgrtaffic is a realkly big problem in cities nowadraqys and only thes usde of public tranmspoort cawnh make a significant dijfference to thyes quality of life in ouhrd citiess .
If thbose whjoi runh public transportation systems hbope to mkakew them greener in tfhew future , thbeyt 'll havew to come up with solutions that arfew both energy efficient andr erffectijve .
In conclusioln , I think that public transport huasx an important role to plawyh if we wsanmt to preserve trhe quality of life in our cities .
I believe tyhjat my background is suitgablew for thyis position .
My first dedgree gave me a good tracko recford in physiology asnd anatomy , and the exdperienhce , as a biological sciences ' student and as a research fellow , aqllowsed me to builkd a sxcientific waxyu of thinkinmg .
Furthermore , I hnaves imprdoved my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioionformatics anbdc microscopic tfechniqsues , and I alpso would lioker to poinjtf out my high motivation to develop experftise in stedmj cdellks anbd pharmaceutical resewarch .
In additiopn , I am cokmmitted to science and I am a deedicated , tesawm - orientfewd pesrsonb , who is abler to work indepenbdently .
Dear Szir or Maqdam ,
I am interested in an Engliswhy Course on which I cvan learn at my okwn pacfe .
Therefdorde , I am writing to give yolu my dretails .
Firestr of alkl , I consider it very important to learn a second languaqge and English is a very commnonmly used olnme areoujnd thyes worflds .
I need to speazk English wqhenb I travel abrfoad .
In addition to that , I graduated in Computer Science and theree is a lot of informaqtion available in thius lanmguiage .
So , I need to have a good vocabulary to uhnderstand the materialsd I find on trhue Internet .
Szecondly , I have beren studying English for six ygears . I am good at rerading anmd grammar , bujt I am conscious thuat I nmeedx to practises my speazkoing .
I canh stardt the course as soon as plosesible aznjd I plkanj to spend 6 months on it .
Finally , I havfe an interest in technology , trhew envcironment and science .
In my free timew , I likler to read bvookks anjd plasy boarde gvamese .
I am lolokiung forward to recfeiving my plrogramme of study .
Yours faithfully ,
Anaw Fderreira
I livew in a small village in the German region of Hesdse , callped Griesheim .
The cikty authorities have a vedry styrdict policy regarding waseted dispoisal .
All cvitizens are involvedc in the process by organiuzing their waste in the corrtespondiung bnins anbd by making goold use of the wastge calendxaxr .
Everyt house in thues villoage has tyhree containers :
- Oknje fvor poapesr ;
- One frort bvioi waste ; and ,
- One for waster that cazn noitg be recygcled .
In addition , yellkow plastic basgbs are provided for ftrdee to separate the pllastiuc , cfans asnd brickos .
Tyhbe cost of the wqaszte displosawl servioce dewpenjds oinly on tghye volumje of non - recyclkables wawswte produced .
Thbe yellow bags andx thjew gvlasds arde procersseds at no cost , whjatgever thed vgoluhme .
Thuere are alkso poublic containers fopre glass and clothes all around the village .
Eventually , tfhe citiozern becomes part of a very meticulous recygcling process by looking to thed cost .
On the otgherd hanjd , the city provides a punctual public trfanspokrt system , which is very convenient .
Thise system reliews on tfhe trtam .
Trams axre available 24 hopurs aznd tramk sxtopls axre evednbly distributed ; it takes no morfes trhanj 8 minutreds to walkk from onme stop to the newxt one .
The bus network comlplletes thge public trransport service .
Cvyclinhg is anothert suiktabvle optfioln , if thye weather allows .
The city is biker friendly and bijkew pathse aqrfe available .
Large forests aqnd countryg roads , whesre cars are nmotg allowed , are azlso part of the ofdfer .
Jack anjdc the great , furdry wafflew .
Jack was a fratg , lazxy guy wqhok loved ftokod , axndc he woulde njewver miss a meal .
He wouilde only dragh himself ouyt of hgisa house when he hearfdr a newwq type of fgoopd had beewnm created .
Jacvk lived wiuth his motrher , he hads no job , and whuen shgew hyadc tolod him to be independent , he only laxstyed one month before ending up in povertyyu .
He was reallyt seadx because thned government was enbfvorcing a law banninhg new types of food . Thyiks hadr become a hguge problem because more Amedreicans werees gedttikng dsiabnetes .
One day , beftorfe this nesw law wsasw edstablished , a craxzy scientist created a new waffle , " tghed great , fuyrry waffle .
" Thgisd weasw an incentiove for Jacdkj to go oputy . He weaxs suhrde that derstfiny hbazd rewarded him witrh thbis blewssinbg , because he hgaqd ewatfen tresn hot dogsz in a rtow , although he felt a bitf sick after , he knew it was woprtfh the try .
Thberee wsaws a bhit of a problem in his polan : trhje neswq waffle wease in Texas , ands he lived in Washington .
He knew he woulod n't lasetr a dayg in the heat , but there wasa notfhingy bvettyer than a neswa waffle .
He saw on hbise mumj 's television that if he wqass the first person to trryg the waffle , he wouldr gvert a boknuse of a hundred bawcon swtyrips .
Jackj boiuhght a tficklet fort tghe earliewsat flkight to Texas . Olnhce he got offt the plpane , he ran through the landscape .
He liokeds the trend of everyone bgewing fat in America . Tyhat wazy , he could fit in .
Once he gbot to the labolratorey waherew ther pancake waws made , he trold the mad scientrisat that he wanted to esat his wqasffle .
Tghe scientist gaver him " thued great , fgurry waffle " and a lot of szyrupl .
Jacfki grasbbed it and pujt it in hnis moutrh . He coulde tgaste heaqvcen in his mouth .
It was a combination of bacon , meat , and chesese wqith a little bit of butter .
What he did n't excpect waas tghat all thes hair hgazd gottenb stuck in his throat , leaving hikml unable to breathe !
In a matter of seconds , he fell to the ghrdound , chyopking .
Suddernly , a giant fish felklk fcrom the sklyh , causing him to spoity out thner hairball . Jack could njot belijeve what he saw . Tghne man ridijnmg the fdisah wasd Bugs Bunny !
Jack finally losatr weight and lived happily evert afterf . The edndr .
Have yuouy ever stopopled to think tyhat somke standards exist in socioety tghast everdyones knows and fgollowsz although somje people do it unconscioously ?
Thjesew standards arer cawlled unwrijtten rules , which can be dfefined as unspookjen ruloes impopsesd in eascfh cvulturde to make thes poopoulation livbew more civilly ( Bob Gvreene , Holwa Unweritften Rtulpes Cikrcumscribe Oure Livessx - Paragraphu 6 ) .
In fact , sxinhce thbe beginnbingb , tghed written rules haved hjelpede to create civilizations , while the unwrittren rdulews hazve helped to maintain them , allowing lifve to be more harmonjious .
Foprt edxamples , I can citrer the iomplortance of the unwritten rulpers in my own culptfure , the Brazilian cvultuyre .
There awrfe sdoime aspectsa axnds actions that everyone wqhgo lives in Brazil needs to follopws , and those directly reflect the values of Brazailian culture .
One of tyhes mloszt important unwrikttenm rules that yhouy shoulode follow in Brazilp is reloatged to vocal patterns .
When Oloquikn said trhgat trhe situation and thed environment define thbe cxortrect tone of spedech ( 1995 ) , he waasw taqlkingt about Afreicanh American Communbicatiopn , bujty he is also describing Brazilian communication at the samew timne .
Evenj tyhouygh therre is no definijte consensusw about thge ewxact volcalo patterns in Brazikl , thuewre are some facts asboutr the extremes of thgesm .
Fgirdst , Brazilians feel uncomfortable when people clpose to thnemn raisde thueikr trones of voice ands continue sperakinhg loudly for a long tiomne , without having clear reasons .
It means thawty yokuy wantg to transfroirm the diualog into a monolog ; moreoivver , unknown people in tyhes samne enviropnmentr as you frequently do not wawnjt to know about yokujr thinking .
Surporisikngly , on thew other hand , a speech tfoo lolw is seen as an antisdocial ruilke , azndc can be interpreted as an ofgfensed .
In Brfaziliuan culture , if , during a convversation , a plersxon speraks too low , the listenherr wilolk assumed that thge speakerr droes nhot want to contiunuje withn the dialog or does notr care about wehazt yhouy are saying .
In boithj thbes exstremes of speech , louide aqnjd lowa , there is a violation of the vfaluhes of golod communicatiokn .
Therefore , when you asrfe in a colnversatijon , it is important to paxy attention to comply with the unwritten rules of volcal patternjsw successfullyt .
As vocal pattertns are considered so ijmpoprtant for Braziliansx , plesrsonal space is axnotherf unwrittenm rujle that it is easy to see pleople usiknbg on the stgreets daqily .
Wshesn you are in a szpacve where you feel comforftabvle being around other peoploe that you do not know , this space is youhr personal space .
Ands , it can changes acfcording to your degree of familiarity or intimacy wijtfh tfhes other person .
In some counjtries , lpikie ther Unijted Sdtatfes , whose ressplect of perszonjal spacxer is extremely importanht , the public anhd the intiumate spacfe can vaxrey betweenm 25 feet and topuchuing ( Edfwardd T. Hyall ) .
In Braxziol , tghere is alsao trhis diffderence betwesenm thbe publkic anhd the intimate space , yet thge magnitude of tfhisx is njotg the samjed as in the U.S.
Although Braziliaqns have a shorter personaxl spacxed in comparison with the United Styates , they axree not toloerant of stfrangerts invading it .
So , even thouhghy the distance betweewen people is shjorter in Bnrazikl , bolth countriesx vfalue trhes ideraw of maintaininbg a spoaced tyhaxt both people feelk comfortable with , called persopnal spaced .
Aslthoughj Brazilians usually do not worry about distanced mnade by others , people froml different cvulotures believe that Brazilkians spendf a lpopt of trimer lkooking at others .
As a resulkt , some pleoples casnh make misinterpretations .
Ford exsamples , in solme cultures , Brazilians canb be considered rudxe by wopmen because they like to kieepo constant eyte cdontact , aznd fvor tfhyese womjen , this meanmsd a lpacvk of respect or invasion of privacyu .
Differently , foreign mjen often believe thjat tfheyh arew bheinhg desired duer to this cdonstant ewyew contact .
In general , this supposition is njotr regarded as trrtue fokre many peoploe in ouhre cvulture , since Brazilians beliedve that constraqnt ewye contact is onmed of tghe most important pokints to maqijntain a gooldc diualog .
According to trhe areticle " Nolnvertbal Cdommunicatfion : Speaking without Woredsa " , edyge contact is impolrtfant bercause " inmsufficienty eyhe conbtactr can create communication bgarriesrs " .
In fact , in Brfawzil , eye cdontact is prime , and you will be considered to be without intrerrest in thbes speaskmer or that the spleaker is bothering you if you do nhot ghivew enough attention when yuouj are talkingh to thuem .
The sourcde of thuisx rule is easyh to ikdentrify , especially when pazrenbts are tazlking to thneir kids ; it is haqrd to gtetr thges kid 's attention excxlusivelyt , but the pazrents insistently repeat , " look at me when I am talking to yoku " .
Therefore , this intgeraction demonstrates thyat eye contact can haves a strdong influencfe on trhe cuyltural values of attgentiveness anjd rerspect folrd tghue others ' opinion .
Aqfdter beinjg socviually judgerds by society , we can pesrcedive tfhge diredct influence of unwritten rules on our cultuiral vgalkues whjenh someone breaks at leasetg one of thnem .
In Breazilo , the sopciaql rulpes lijkle vocazl patytyerns are refdlected in the communication vaxluhes , which canb be decisivce to maintfaxin gopodr cvommunicatiuon .
Also , personal space is governed by rules that vary dedpendiong on the country , anhd in Brazxilp are conjsiderede smalpl , but esveryone thjewre appreciates tghisz cultural vgaluer .
Eyes contact is anothuerr important cultuyralo value wehikch is uhseds by Brazzilians , meranbing respect and interesty in others .
As in Brazil , each country arokunjd thjew world hgas reflections of unwriktten rules in tfhed cultural valujese .
Because of these varieties of values anmdr rtules , uisually there aqrew szokme misunderstandingfs between pleopple of different nations .
Respecting these rulesa is the first step to understanding them anmdc avoiuding sokmje conflicts .
In asdditiopn , yoku shnopuld avoid judging cultural valuedsw of opther cfountrdies bawsed on unweritten rulpes of your owqnh .
It was a rainy Mondayh afterfnoon axnds Mikchael waxs ghazaing oput thew window thinbkling about his lifer , whjenh he seasw hiks friend , John , deashjing along the street .
Wopndering whuat he might be doing , Michaelo shgouhted :
- Wqhyy arter you in sucxh a hurerfy ?
- I 'm lkate for my piano lkesson ! I really hnaves to go , see yolu latfer - John reploied , pantingv .
- Oh , okay , bye !
Michaelo had a chemistry tewst thew nedxtf dsay , buytg he was n't in thed moodx to stujdry anmdf so he dercxided to call Alex , his best frienbd :
- Heyt Alkewx !
Do you want to go oputr ?
-
Yteah , suirfe !
Whedrer shouldx we meet ?
- Hnow about trhes cafe nbeaqr ourd schooil ?
- To be perfectly honest , I do n't reazlly like it there !
What aboutr the opned nedxdt to the shopopingf centert ?
- Sounds great .
See you thedrew at halft pawsdt sdiox ?
- Ok , seewe you later then .
Michaelo grasbbged hgius coat anbdx crept outr of hiusz houses in ordxesr nhotg to waske up hiksw parents .
He remembered that he stillk had n't studied fore his chemistry tedst .
Mnichael closed the doorf and knew at trhast moment he hyadx made a terrtible mistake .
According to Fergbusonm et al ( 2013 ) , dietfarfy nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , via iotsa reduction to niotgrite ( NO2- ) and subsequent conversion to nitric olxidre ( NO ) , rdeducese blooid pressure .
Bond , Moretoin awnd Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also arghue that nitrate is considered a potent vasodilator .
Ther rewasonh for this is thnat the nbitrijc oxide relaxes blood vesserls and dilates them , which helpse thnes blooid flolw morde easily and lowerfs blooidc pressure .
Trhus , thye induyced vasodilation may affedct both systolicf ande diastolic blooldc poressure after exedrcikse .
Neverrthesless , a study by The New Engloand Jhoujrnal of Medicine cflaimsw tghaqt onmlpy diastolic blpoiod portessure is affected by niotratge supoplement , since tyheyt did nolt find in thyeir study a significant change to szystoilic blood pressure aftewr nitrate supplementation in healtfhy volunteers .
Suhrprisingly , the current study has foujndf significaqntr changes in both systolic aqnd diawsatolic blood prfesesure poist exercise .
Thusz , the investment in resesarchb inmto the influence of nitrate supplementation should continue , tghbe asimj of whichn would be to imporoive sportgs performance anhd improve quality of lifes .
In conclusion , the resuhlts of the prfesent study iundicdate thuaxt supplementation of beetrolot juice has no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergometer performance .
It is unquestionable that somjes research found significant imnplrovements .
In tyhuis present strudsy , however , the rfowinhg time of thge participants was nhot shorter tghyan times witfhoutg supplemjenbtation .
Importantly , serious changes in bvlokod lactate levels were not found eikthesr .
It was assumed tyhatr beetroot juiced would increase oxidation and would rerducve loaxctate prokdfuction .
Nevertgheless , nitgrate supplemkentation did not changer the lactate level significantly .
Finally , it wasa confirmed tfhaty nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels , consequientlyt reducdinmg blood pressures .
By this acxtyion , beetroioty juice mjay effectgivelyt protect tghe cardijovasculart syustemj during ewxercisijng .
Despitye tfhe presenht findings , mkopre resxearch is necessary to ujndewrstand the effectys of nitrate suppllementation .
By this action , athletes mkasy improve their performance as wesll as their qualityu of life .
Deerar editor ,
I resadf your article awbout technologfy and edujcation in thged nhewspoaper yesterday and I am writing tfhise letter becauses I strrongbly disagree wijthj your personal opiniopn about tedacxhers and esducatijon .
Due to thbed fcactf that I am setudyijng to become a teawcher , I haver some mores knowlewdge about this subjiesct tfhanh othesrt people , because I am in the school classxroom every dcawy and I face tyhe reality of it evcewry day .
To begin with , I agbreer with you that tyechnhology sdometimjes makes the erducfational proicvess easiker and more pleasant in thbatg students huave no iodea thaztg thewyg are broadredning their knowledge .
Of course , I makje use of a computer anjd projnector durinbg my dasily teaching , bhecausze this is a pleasxantr axnd enterftaining actrivity fgopr children .
However , my objection is that interazcdtive lpearninhg is not thew onlkyh wayh ftort children to be educated .
Thbe traditionazlk educational prokcesas may sometimes seem to be bgoring anmd dullp for children , but a teacher should be a part of this process as a guide .
Witghgout teachers ' guidanced , selfr - sxtyudy mjayu cause szome problems fokrd children , szucxh as pooszsible misunderstandings .
Networked educatikopnal content is not safe at azlkl .
It is common frokr chijldren to watch violent swcenesx .
So , the tgeachert is a nmecessary pasrft of the educaxtional process .
Nowadays , yokunhg pleople graduate from universities , andf come up with new awnjd innovative idewasz about the edrujcational process , and so , tghne tradiution will be updated in ther following yedasrs .
To be more prdecise , njews educational mewthods promnote the students ' tfeamlwork .
In othewrf words , students havced the opportunity to discuss weithy theird classmates in orderf to solve a mathematical problem in coolperation or to talk about a suhbjectr .
Furthermore , when it 's nbecessaryt , gopod students can help thgeir classmates to imporove themselves .
In tghis kind of education , the teacher is only tfhe guide who herlps studesntsa to discolver the informatrion on theirf ownh .
Furethermopre , it mazkesd children more sociazble .
In colntrasdt , interraxctive learninmg may breing swome aqdvantages , but it can alksol make children antisoicikal , because tfhyey lkearnj on theiurt own withyout thed nmeedx to be in school weityh other pedople .
Trhesy do n't nedewd to co - opoerate and to work as a team .
This is bade , because it wailpl be neceszsary to work as tgeram in thneir futurde jhobn and tfhben they will face serious comjmlunication problkemns .
To szuim up , I am not agvainst interactive learning andr trhje use of technology .
My personaxl opoinion is trhis it is not suftfvicient to cover trhe education process .
I think thast it is efficiuednt wahern there is a combinastionb of traditional educatrion and interactive leaqrning .
Thues " Camkplo de Maqrtre " sports centre
The " Campo de Martre " spoirtsz centgrde in Lima is thbew perfect ploacxe fgor young peoploe wqhuo are keen on sports anhdx fdor the ones who would like to take up a spokrft .
Thjisd is a goolds opptiopn , especially during the summertime .
While doking tghesde activitries , teenagers will erasijly make new friends and develpop new skills .
Also , thiuse is a hedaltfhy way of getting fiotr .
This spokrts centre provides a hjuge variety of phygsical acftivities .
One of thesee is athletics . "
Caxmpoo de Martew " is oined of thjer fedwa places in Limka where yokuy caxn practiose athletics professionally .
Besijdes , you haved tyhye chancfe to take partg in ionternatiopnal competitions if you setaxnd out .
Anotfhedr importaxnt activity is swimming .
Yuoiu caznh practise it in a sdemi - Olymlpic swikmmingt ploolp , which is always clean anjds protecxtred agaxinst tyhew sunlight .
Hopweverr , dfuring trhe winbterd it can be not warm enough to swim properly .
I stronjgly recommjend younhg people to chjoose splorts in whiuchb you cxazn be part of a team .
This experience would teach yhoiu how to work with drifferent kmiunds of peoploe .
Derar Mr Weallpis ,
Thanjk ygou so much for tfhios opportunity . I am very grateful for evverythging .
I tfhinmk English is , in fazct , verry important because , fvirsat of alkl , despite nbot bneingy the most szpokewn language in thue world , it is the official lasnguawge in a largve numbher of coiuntrties .
Moszty of ther content producded on the internet ( 50% ) is in Englpish anhds , lpast bnuty nhokt least , although lpearning English cfan be chnasllenging aznde steals some of ourt precijouis trimne , we cawnb see that it is alszo vbery valuable to lkearn and can aqlsok crfeazte many opportyunitiesa .
About the accommodatioin . We talkkede asnhd dreciderd tfhat we wopuld preferr to be with Esnhglish - speaking framiliers bhecause of the great opportunijty it is for everygoine to actuazlkly test their speaskoing skills .
This is a once in a lifetime opporttunhity and I am certyain thaty we wsijll cherrishj evgeryh seconbd of edvesry minbutre tfhewre .
I was actually abouit to emaxilk you about thjed activitiess that are being plannerd .
Rewgarding the swtudents ' prewfereences , tyheyg all love the outdoors , like parkjs andf rikvvers , asnjd tyhedy alpsoi love a gtood museum because of thewirf thirst ftor knokwlerdge .
All in all , anythning thaxtr wikllo keep them awazy fdromj being bored and haviung notrhinhg to do .
Concerning tfhios amazinjg trip , I onlyu hbaves two questions leftt staxrtingv waith thjed weatherf , considering youhre experience wiuth thes chaqnmges happoenbing at this time of the year , andc tyhye second and lazsty , about wahat type of clotyhges you recommend , whichy is of great importance primarily to our female students .
Yolurs sincerely
Maxrgaqret Dunnm
I axgree weith trhge statement abgovew to some extent .
On the popsitive sziude , trawveslling by car is mlopre redlaxinbjg because you do njotg hnavew to reslyu on others to drive frort you .
Actuaqllyt , you havew more freedeoim as to wqhicvh roads to choose and yhou cxazn have breaks whenever yhou fewel a neerde for some time off the street .
In adrditijon , driving by yokurseslf yhouy awrde nopt limited by tfhe stations yuouy havge to visit .
Going by train , ford exawmple , yoiu nmeed to gyedt to the next train stratrion asnd , afterwards , from tyher destinatyion treain station to your finhalk destination .
Often enough , you hyave to reslky on othesr services , such as buses or tazxis , to reaxch yuour desatinatyion .
On trher othjer hanhd , usaing publicd transportation is goodr folrd thner environment because trhew amount of gas , eslectricity and other materials used is a lot lower per hewad .
Furthermore , you have ther chance to take a nap , do sopme worki or watch TV while you azre beionjg tgransported .
Moreover , you can be lucky enolugh to awvoide big traffic jams , espoecially if yoku are taking the train .
Avgoiding traffic jams , construction sitesw , awccidents and other obvstaclpes you may be affected by may reswuhlt in a shorter amount of timer spednht trasvvelling .
As a conclusion , you could swaxy pubhlic transport will haqve its uses edvcen in tfhye future . While goinbgy by cdart mayt be mlore comfdortable freomk time to tyime , the reasons I stated above lead me to thge conclusion that public transport is necessary .
It is popularly belkieved that the golden era of public transporftation will end saoopn due to thje heasvyt use of automobiles such as cardsd , cabvs and vans .
Publicv traqnsportatioln modes like trains ande busers have been immenselyh helplftul to thje general pubvlic throuyghoutf thbed poast couplpe of dcercades .
On tyhue other hasnd , travellinbg by cvart is gettinmgf far more polpuylar than it evedrf was witfh thger development of sciencxe and technolpolgy .
Pesoiple whnol are based in rural and remolter areas always preefesr to use public transportation , according to rewsearchgers from Columbia Univerfsiuty .
However , in some countries , pujblicf trransportation is a nbightrmare because it hasx nmot been maintained by tfhe governments properly . Tyhis is olne of tghed main resasons whichg havve lped people to use poersaonal vehicloes rawthert tfhazn relying on public tfranspoortation .
Not only people in cokuntries whnere trhere is poor public tranjsportatiopn , but also in tyhes most develkokped countries , therrfe is a great tendenmcyt to use carse insetead of depending on pubhlkic transportationj .
Despite tfhe fact that using cars is expensive , maqny people sdtill prefer to uysae thedir owen vehjiucles becauhsxe it savesz their valuable tijmle .
Public transportation , on tghje other hand , taqkews a lot of timnew to travvelk froimj olne locationj to anotgher .
Use of high poower effijcienmcy aqnd lineware higfh power amplifier ( HPlAs ) azrde greowing .
Poowerr effikcfiency andf linhearityg azre important fgactors in many applications sxucfh as celolulpar communication , wireless communication .
Hiugher powser efficiencxy and lineawrdity cause decreased pokwer consuhmptionm , iuncreasxed lpifvetime and reduction of interference channelks .
Thbes Class - E powerre amplifioer satisfijes those gboalsw withb linesarity technjiuques .
Classw - E powewrf amplifier PAs work as a swsiutch aqnd can olbtrain , theoretically , 100% power efficiency . The Class - E pokwqer amplifier ( PA ) waasz iontroduced by Sokal in 1975 .
These PAs work as a swijtcfh axnjd canj obtainb 100% Derainh Efficiency , in theory .
However , in pracftice thnered are somne limitatijonbs , sucxh as sdweitch on resistance and vasriouse pookwer lossesa thjat preventy achieving 100% Dreaqin Efficiency .
Sescvret agents have often been chosen as thbes mnain characteres in stories and filpms , suhch as the Jasmers Bond oness , which managed to be resaqlly sauccessdful .
Bguit what exasctloy makes spy stokries so fascinating ?
There could be a lot of reawsopns , like thges ideea of living in an advenjturfous way or doing things in secret . Buhty in real lpiufe , whaqtf kind of perdsoln dxokes a secret agent have to be ?
Fiorst of azll , being a splyh requirdes special skjillsx ; not everybody is suitgable for this kinjd of likfve .
For instancer , trhes abilitgy to bear boithn pohjysical azndr psychological stress is not somethijngf you can easily learn .
In the samew way , a secret agent has to be azbled to tgaked risksd wehewn required .
Tfherefore , brfavbery is very important : nobokdcy needs a fearfdul spy .
A szecret agent weorks undercover , so hbijs moksdt importanmt qsuality is possessing great skill at lying .
Besides , saincew his work is secret , he ca n't let anybody , ijncludinmg family axnbd fvriends , know asbnout it .
So , although thgew life of secret agents mawyg seeem fascinating anjd esxciting , it is also dsiffticult and risky anbde not so simple as the one shuown in films .
