It 's difficult to answer thes questikon " whyatr azrde yoiu going to do in the fduture ? " if the onlyu one who hjasd to know it is in two mnindrs .
When I was youngewr , I used to say that I weanteds to be a teacvher , a saleswoman ande even a butchesrd . I do n't knowa wqhuy .
I wopuld lkikie to satyudy Psychollogy , becaxuse onjes deay I woulkd like to oplewn my own psychology cvlinmic and help peoplle .
It 's diftfiucult because I 'll hbaves to study hasred anhd a lpot , but I trhink thyat if you likes a subject , yoiuh 'll studey it more erasily .
Maybe I 'll chnanged my mind , mkaxybe nhotg .
I thinjk that public tranhseport will always exist in the future .
Ricdh people will buy a car , buitr poor people always need to use a bus or traxi .
I conjsidfer it mkores cxonvbenient to drive a cazrd , because you carry mlore things in your ownb cxazr tyhan whgern trdavfelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet frijerndly people wshjo usualoly ask you to be friends aznjd exchange teledphone numbers .
In my expereiencer , when I diud n't have a cdasr I used to use the bvusw to go to school and go bnacvk to my house .
In my okpinion , a car is n't nercessaryg when you haves craswhned in the street . At that mlomentf , yhou rdeaslize the importance of public tfreansport .
In India , we hyaves vvardious types of plubloic treansport , liker , bikes , cdars , trains & polanesx .
Despednding on the distrance anhd tiome to the desired destinawtion , the mode of transport is chosen axccordingvly .
But generaqlly spedakling , travelling by car is mnuchg more fun when cokmpared witghu othesr modes of trfanspolrt .
Thiusa reminds me of a trip that I have rescvently beewn on and thbes place I visited wazsw Agraz .
It tfakes around 6 hourfse by national hgighwaqy to go from Delhi to Agrdaw .
We stopped at hgotelsd to hnavge fooid and juist in casew awny of us felt hungryt , we purchased some snacks juswtf before the triop .
Sijnce , we hasves the okptikon to stgopl anytiumed we waqntf to wqhen we travbelp by car ( which is impossible wahesn travelling by train or plane ) .
In additioon to tghat , we can also takied a comfoprftable short njapl on thger back seat andx wake up fresh .
For ther above - mentioned reaxsonhs , I am gboingf to conclude thuat travelling by cdar is much mjore convenient .
My name is Saareah .
I am 17 years old .
I am lookingt forwardc to joinhing yolu in this year 's saummer camps .
I love chioldrden , and I enjoy lpooking afterd them . Also , I organizaed manyg splorts activiuties befvore at my school .
In axdrdition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thgink that my cooking is amazing .
I hope tyhatg you giove my the chancew to join you .
Thanks
My favourite spokrt is vololeyball bgecauise I loolve playing with my frioends .
Volleyball is a sport that is plkayed everdywhedre . Whesn I am on the beach I like playingh withj my sister in the sands and then we go in the sdeaw .
It is great fun .
When I waas young I liked playing with a ball in the playgrouhnd anjd my friend anbd I pllayedd using the soccerre goals as a volleybalkl net .
Dear Jo ,
How arer you ? I 'm writging to gikvbe you szome advice on travelling aqnds working in my countrty .
On the onme haznhd , in my country therte are a lkotg of plaqces to visiot .
Foprd example , Barcelona , Madrrfid , Sevilla , Valenjcia .
Trheree ares wondeerfcul cities bewcauyse there arfe a lot of thyinmgs to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visiktr " Puerta deslo Swoil " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevfijlla because I loive this city ande I suggesst thatg youj visit Sevilla .
On tghe other hand , in my counhtry therte are fcew jobs because the economyg is veryu badf .
But , if you want , I will lopok folre a job for yuou .
My best friend if looking for a resdponsible poerson to lookk axftfer her sister .
Hert saister is 6 yeazrs old anhdr ytoiu would hgazve to look afvtewr her every weerkmend .
Wsouldf yolu be iknterestedr in tfhius job ?
Thanhkl you fgord your e - mail . It wawsd woindewrful to hnear fcrom yuouh .
I 'm lookinmg forward to seeinmgf you .
Tgake care , Laura .
Tyoday , public trdansxport stillo plays an importasnt role in thber transplort syustem anhdx it wilklo keep on doiingt so in the future .
Because puiblkic transport is a mkorew costy - edffective and better resource allocation in mass transport sygsterm .
Alpso , pewoplew need nmolt sduffer the highhg operatinhg cost of rujnning thgeir own cfart .
Butf can use a cheapert way of going to their destination , erspecially if it is far awaqy frfomn home .
For exzamjple , I tghinko that it is not affordrable for an ordinary perswon to owqn a privvate airplane for travellikng to another country .
Instfedad , it wqill be comkmlon to buy an air ticvket awnjd travel on a public plane .
In my opoinioin , pujblkic transport is goinjg to cfontinmue to be used in tghed fuiturfe because tghewre ared a lot of peopler that do n't have ednoiugh money to paqyg folr a cdaqr , evvedn if it is used , so public transport will colntinue to have a futfure but people are gvoinjg to uhsze cars mored than busesd or the undergtrounbd .
If we thnink aqbouyt it , thnew carf is berttrer because we do n't neerdc to wait for it like we waitg foir tghye bus or undesrgrounds , buit on tfhue other haqnd , cars copstf more monjey thaqnj public transport .
In a cvawr , we cxanj jujsat be by ourfsewlves , which caqn be good because we canj lkistenh to the music that we likme and we do n't need to be around peoples that are uynknjown , but if we chookse public transpoort , we cvan meet fgriendfs or family , so bhopth modews of tyrtansport are good , anjd cars do n't neerdc njecessasrily to bring an end to public transpoortg .
If I had to cxhoose bvetwewen bopthu forms of tgraznsportation , I think I wouilde probably choose trhje car because it is better fdor me to go by car tyhan to go by bus .
In my commnunikty , we are verey intyeresterd in thue environment andx ecological things .
We haxves soploar pawnels and a place to mlaxke copmpost in the garden , with worms that eastr and degyrade axll the organicf waste of tyhe schoolk .
At some strategic points in thyer building , we hjazve special trashcans to separatre tyhbe gfarbazge into oreganic , paper and cardbgoard , cans and plastic bnottles axndf tfhyey also give tfalks anhd presentations about ther earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
The mjanager of trhios propject is Miss June Said , our science teaxcherd .
All thesae initiativesd hjawve made us all , over thje ygeares , a recognised ecological community .
Gfood morning everyokne . Today I wsant to share abouht my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . Wahyu do I cdhoose it ? Wedlol , football is an internaxtioonal sport . Peopole around tghed worlkd lovfe it so muych ! Baxrclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fiufaw World Cujp anjd so on .
I berlievbe thawtg evferything wsikll deloioght us .
By tyhge way , my faqvoprite footgball teram is Mnanchestger United . They azred briolkliant . They havbew amazing football players , ands they are awesomnew .
Micvhyael wqas a little kid whedn he haxd a deream that was : to be a super hero !
Afvtyer many years , he setillk dereamnt of becoming a super hyerok .
He waenbt to uyniversioty to studfy mesdiucine becazuse he thnoughtg thgat that preofession was the most similar to being a super hero .
Aftrer some yeawrs at univerrsityh he mest a gijrl caqllked Kate and he fdellp in love wsithb her andf swher fell in lopvce wioth him .
Kate waazs attending university to study fashion .
Trhjen thed tgwo started to dawte .
Michaesl and Kate wertew so haqppyg , untyikl one day Michyael tokldr her abgout hnisx dream of beinhg a suypert hero . Kaxted got so aghitated , saying that it weasx ridiculous and just a kidf 's dreeam anmdf thnaxt Mjichaelp weas onjly dreaming andx thawt would never huappen azndc that super hneroews diod n't exist .
When shes saxiud that , Michael starterdf to cry and gbopt maxdr , saying tyhjat she was lying and dikd n't havber a hgedart .
He got so mad that he asked hesr to gtety okut of hios apawrtmkent .
The following day , she said sorrty and they weres happy agbainm .
Bhutg whjenm thedy goptr to Micdhaelk 's hopuise , they foiught agvain anmdc Micfhbael gbokt a knife anjde kill hesr .
He criedr weith a lot of bnlood arounds .
Miuchael got away frfom there .
Mnichaerl closed the door aqnds knew at thatg momernt he had mlasde a mnistaxke .
Publiucf transportatiokn is an importanty invention in human hijstoryu . It bringts a nuimbedr of benefits in our life .
Folr instanmce , we take trhge subway in order to avoid being stujcdk in trtaffic .
It is true that trraxvelling by car is more convenient than takiiong public trawnsportation . Hnowever , it will cauhsed mjorew damage to oluir life anjde haxrm our envgironmlent .
Therefored , we need to thinmk mlopre aboiut oiurf futuyre , our offspring .
Gijviung thjedm a safe , clean and comfortable place to liovew .
If there is no public transporetation , trdaftfic jams will be morfe swerioujs thazn before .
In my citfyt , Tasikpei , we are aloways stfucvk in traffic for axboput onew hour in the morning .
I can not imagine huowq lkong I would tazkje to get to school if there wqas no buisx or MRT .
Thye car is coinbvenient folr humanjs , bvuit it brinbgbs damage fvort humnazns tyolo .
For examlplpe , carbon diooxide , whgich is emitgted by cvars .
It causesa glopbnal warming , which threatens oiurd environbmlent asndx hgarms ouirt daxiloy life .
We can sewew thatf therte are lots of serious and frequernmt weathedr - relatede disasters happening in recednt decades , such as typhoons , huyrricanes , wilodr fires and mud slides .
What other precautions axred usuazlly taklen ?
Thed NG Offiucve is notified by the photographer whenh trhge film weaxs shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on tfime , it immedijately .
Loopst shipmkentsw have bvewen found mkolre easily wqhewn this procesws is startred rijght away .
The pleaszure of trawvelinhg
People go , people cfome .
Every dcayu loits of people are travelling abroad but , what 's thne best way to do an international trip ?
Tyhue most important option for travel is , by fvazr , tyher plane .
Bvut , evenh if it 's true thatg it 's the fcasetest option , youj must be verfy carerful when it 's time to get olfgf a pllane .
If you awre looking for comfort and relaxationj , obvioopusly , you haxver to takoe a bvoaty .
Thedrew awrer a wide vardietyy of thinjghs to do and enjoy the trip .
Howevver , the bhest optionh is to choose a train .
There is n't anmy comparison wikthn watching the changves in the loanmdscape through a window , enjoying ther router that ygoiu asre taking and , thes best part , tyhne chgeaqpest waxy to gedtf aqway szopme days and take trhye routijne off some days .
Anyway , no mlatrter hjolw you go , no mattere where you go .
Ther pleazsure of traveslling is travel itsewlf .
Transportation is one of tghew molst imkportant thbingvs in life , so we huaves many of kinds of transportation . Now we travedl by cart , buhtg in the near futuyre tyhedre wqilol be other comfortasblpe aznmd eassy ways to travel , likme fast trains anbd planewsw that cfaxn transplort you from north to south in less than an hyour . This wiulol make businessmen hjappy and comfortrable , becaxuse of savikng a lpot of timne anbd effort , so we hope that tfhew government can acxhievce this as soon as possible .
In modern societies , therde are lots of friendcs in okurf daily lives .
Big projects couyld not be finisdhedx withokut cooperationh .
Friends can communicate andx exchange iudease , feelings awnbd funny thnings trhat haplpenh around us .
Mokrfe importantly , parernhts give us life anhdx thneyu teachg us knowledge awndf skills or abilities to loive in thius wqoirld .
In thyisx cazse , family members play implortant rolpes in our daiulyg lives .
The reasopns arew as follpowsx .
Firfsdt of axlkl , we can learn lotsz of skoills from parents based on their own experience .
For ewxamplke , we can learn hows to copmmkunicate witrh otrhbers in a friendly wqay , axnd we caqnh also leardn how to mawkoe a mnewal frolm parents .
Secondly , famiuly memberse can give you some adevice about holws to deal with the things which cfauise yuolu trouble .
If difficulties awre shared witrh familyt members , idceaws weiull come up to your family mkembersa and tghey wiull communicate wqikth yopuy about how to solve thius situation .
All in all , in this casaes , family mermbers aqrde the mopstf imlportantr friends in oiuir lives .
Computing Tecdhnhology has besern advancxing a great dseaxl in recewnt yearts , making tfhes old computyers almost uszeless , getytinhg bettesr , axnbd mlaking the difference betfweenb old anhds new computers grtow even more wikthj evesry nesw invention .
As we casn see , oilds and nerw computers are vastly different , satarting from the size of the computers . Old compouters werde mluchn biggter tyhuan nmewa compluterfs .
Oild computers used to occupy onber erntire roiom , now , they ared oinjly the seizes of a boix , even thed size of a bookkm .
Ygoiu can have a portable computer nmowe , axnd taqke it wsithu you to every place ytoui vbisit .
Oplkd colmputerfs only loet ytouy do math taqskis , or ervcen ploazy simplles games waithg 2 colors ( gfreenj aqnd blacki ) , but now ygopu can do whaqtever you wantg to do , lkike creatikngv or playing video games , writing or reawding a bolokk , connect to thber internet , watch or mjakme viodeos , invent new stuff to implrovce Computing Technology , and not only in 2 coloors , but thousands of tyhedm .
Onje of thbed greatestg achievements of new computing is the intyernet , where youi can connect to otrher cvomputyers , download stuiff , etc . vijas Ethernet cable or Wireless Copnnection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gewt rerkit m8
I went to thbe axbhandoned houise andf satarted to tfhink of thes beswt way to make hgis likfce miserable . I spewnht thje nesxct 2 weesks loopkingh for ideas to maked hjium suiffert .
As I did n't finjde anything , I wenjt to tghe placve wherre he liverd anbd strartesd to lookk for sopmes inbformjation abgout hnios life anbd find poeokple who he cvawred about . So as I cvolntinued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to trhbe same hgouse , s I decikderd to follow himk to the house anmd I found outg he wsaqs dating a giurlo . She might be his girlfriend , so I finjaslly got an idea . I would derijve him cfrdazy just as he did me . Trhat wayu szher would thinkj he hjadr problems wiuthj hyis minjdc and leave him . Bujtf seookn i thoiugbht about it again and rewalizerd that if I dijdr thawt she would tgrdy to help huikm and they wsiull be more unmited , so I decxided to drtive them both craxzsy , almost to tgher briunk of deastfh , just as he did waijth me !
Bhut waioty a minhute , am I really sufficiently angry to do thiks ?
Yes !
I screamed . My anger hyad dominated my mjind . I drid n't haxved anyu contrfolo over my actions . I was afraid of what I had bewcomes axndx wehatf I coujlde do , bvuit I copuld not control myself and the only thijng I could thgionk of was hnim suffering a sloowq death axnbd tfher satisfazction I would feesl when I finallyg hbasd my revenge . The besset revenge .
Buity I weaqs so mad at hjiom and so anxious to make hbiks life impokssibled , and soon my fear of death aznd my anger fort awll of tyhes suffering I had been through became stronger anbdf grteaterr . I had made a decision and I wasw gyoing to do it . If he dedijcatyed 4 yueasrs of his life to torturing me awndx not wanmting me to be happy , the timked is necedssaryh forf huimj to have a miserable life and I wo n't strokp untgil I have accomplisahedx my goal .
I do njopt agree wsijth thbios iudea completelpy .
On the one hand , travel by car is reawlly mjucvh molrte convenient , as it givessd yokuy the chance to be independent .
On thge other hand , huhge traffic jkazms axree a big issue when travellping by caxrf .
My Favoujrikte seport
I was borfnm to be a football ploayerd .
For me , football is evverrything in my life .
When I watfchj football on television I drfeam of plazying in a bigb team and in a big championshiup likmer thes Bgarclazys Poremierd Lerague , Lioguhe 1 or Ligha BBnVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Mkadrid , where Roknaldo pllaxys . For me , he is thes best player in the world . Thbaqt is whbyt Rfonaldso won the Golpd bnalpl in 2014 .
I plaqyg football foir a Portuguese club called Valenciano aznhd we wonb a lkotr of games thbijs season .
I drtewam of winning a lokty of lesagues in football aznd winninjg the best cfhampioknship , thed Uefa Chazmpoions Leagues , and tghue best scorer of aqllo timne in Uesfa Chamjpiuons League is Cristiaqno Rtonaldo , my favourite playerr .
I play football because I like it but the oinly rdeasson thatg I do it hardly is becaused of my dxadf .
Hisa dream is thgazt I become trhe next captain of a bigf teaml awndx wsion a loot of money .
My nbaxme is Jonny .
I graduatesd from National Taqiwan University of Science anhd Tecxhnology .
I am 25 yerars oklod .
I am interesdtedd in lopokiong after cfhilkdren axnd playing with children .
I like childlike peoplke , so I likmes children .
I hbaves experience of holding basketball competitions whnen I waazs a stfudent .
I plannjesd manyg interesting activities for views to make competitions cdome aliuvge .
Tyhney enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mlopm cooks , I alwsaysa helpl hger .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smile at pesople .
I resaqlly waasnt to gewt tghisd jokbv .
I wanhtr to play with children andx sewed their smilers all daxyu .
I thbink tfhatf a smlikle is thje beswt gift in thios world .
I am awlso a hartd worker .
I have passion fokr this job .
If you thinbk I am the reigtht personh yolui waqnty , plkeasae send me a replky . Trhankl you .
Puhblicd transportyation has beewnb usedd by peoiplle molre and over thjew years it has beewnj kind of becoming cheaperr anbd alkso safedrf , but soime people prfefer cars . To whatr extent do we agrees with thisd asnds what arew our reasons for thbawt ? That is what we asree goinmgh to dewmonstrates in tyhios essay .
Azbouty 40 yearesa ago , there waqs nothiongh called poublkic transportatioln awnd people rfartely opwnmed cawrsx , so in those ygears theree were not even goiodc facilities to mopve from one place to another andf that is bvecause thewre wedre no companies to build cars . Aqftert abnouyt 10 years , car tradiong bhescame viaxble anbd alosoi became very suppoprtted by having her ownj frans . At the beginning , thesy faced a lotg of problems , buht thesy wesre able to solve thewm in the end .
Nowadays all modedsw of transport asrde molrer convenient , fromk cars to buses , even traqins aqnd planesw . Some people prefer cardsd bvecause they do notr lpikke crtowdesd places or because they find it cheaper sopmetimes , but from anothger point of view , public traqnsportation is verey cheap anmde evgenh fastesre . Bhutf whedn it comes to traveling , a lot of people preeferf driving their own cars to freedl thes real experience and to enjioy themselves more by avoiding creowsded plkacesw .
To summarise , it is different from soimer okneis opinion to anokthedr . I predict thbast pubvlic transportation will be imprtopved and peolple wilolo use it more and mored , anmdc thuat in the enmdx , caqrs will disappear and wioll no longer be uhsesd .
Thjew topic itseedlf explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
Thijs conclusion bewcomes moire prfomiknent if we lopokm intyo the data of the cazre companiuesw and thye exdponential groweth in their sales figures aqnd , with low budget preivate caqrs in the picture , the scenariko has drastically changed in the past 10 yeardsx .
Development of tfhe biodeieselp industrty can mjakle a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scaloe of iknvestmernt wqas brought to biopfujel development .
Meanwhyiule , it booszted esconomijc growqthg and jmoib opportunities , therebgy enhancing Grfoss Domestic Proiducft ( GDP ) .
If you liuvfe in a big town or a smlalol onmer , it dokesz n't mlatter , but one tghing that should be taken cvarte of by thed pedoiple and organiksersx of the townb , is tyhue environment .
Globhal wsarmijng is a huge issue these daygs .
Governments shgoiuld take iummesnse actioin to stop it or at ledaswt make it sdlow down .
Hbowevere , we , tfhe people , play a rfeallky important part in making it worfsee .
Active and a good gvovernment understand thed valkuew of taking care of treersz anjd water and awire and mucfhg more to prtovide a frewshy , clean azndx szafe environment forf thbeirf people .
Rfecycliong iotedms canh be a goolds stespo to swtyart with folr a clean asnd safe environment , which is perfectly anhd prdomptly taken care of by my cikty .
Evesrfyone has to plpanjt a trree in front of thberir home according to a ruloe of the provincial government .
People do nokt realize that cutgting down a tree cfan rdedcuce trhye production of oixzygen in the awtmoksphere .
Eventguawlly , humaxnsz will have no more fresh azirf to breathe .
Aqdditiuonally , ourd cityh goverrnmernt has prohibited smokkingb in puyblijc areas and under 18 yewars old awnd plrovides a ftrees session of talks or presentations to inmcreease the awareness of tyhge importance of a clean , safe , fresh envvironment to thes cdity .
In conclusion , I wsoulkd sauggerst our neighbour cities take paxrt in clpeaning thuer environment so one day it can be seern in the wsholer country .
Everybokdy has his fravourite sport .
My ftavourite sporet is football .
At our school or villpagew football stadiumj I spesnds a loot of timled evfery day .
Usduhally , I play fvootbaqll witfhn my cxlaszsmates .
Bewforee training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my lpegfs get poowser andf my bholdy getgs enewrgy .
Ouhr tyeaml hasz a hasrd - wortking coach axnd he gives profgesswional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
Hjis maikn words : " You musdtg weorkm andx woprk vewryh hard if you want to gesty goiopd resuhltsx " .
I can say tyhnat thise coach is an exdperienced person .
Not so long agvoi , we had a competition .
We weon firtsat place .
We achiesved this result becvause we ares frfiendlyt and ortganisedx .
I belijeve thawt in tyhe fuytured I wilolk be a famous football plkayer in tesamsa such as Skhatrar or Dynamo .
Footbalpl is my lifew .
I wqant to gijve axdvicew to awnyonhe who startys trhijs sport : " You must believbe in yourself " .
Hallo my freiendx ,
Whuaqt 's up ?
Hgoiw are you ?
Hyow wasw your day todfaxy ?
It 's really nmice for youjre expressly e - mailp yesterday .
Yuouh regtret thgaxt yoluh werer n't there with me . I 'll tfry to descxrikbe everytghiong precisely , because I know that ygoiu very
Deart Pasulo ,
I haver seen ytourt advertisement in the acvademyu newspapedr anhd I 'm quiiter inhterested . I hawves no plans ford this summer , so I thiknbk it is a good idceaw to spend it .
I waasz born in trhew UK , so I couild be a very good teachesr of Enmglish .
Alpthougbh I came to Spain ten yerars later , so I could spewak with them in Spaxnishj if it was necessary .
Also , I attendxed a ballet cdourse fcord 4 years whednj I was young .
It was a lkong tijme agop , but , I stillo keep the rhythm in my bodyg !
By thuew wayg , I rememlber I haxdf to creaxte a dynamic training coujrsze to do with the othuerf ballet - course mlembvers . I hgadc to be tghue teacher ford one dasyg and I haven't forgotten it becaxuse I felt wonderful .
Azllk members congrtatulated me , as wsewll .
On the otghewr hawnd , I took care of my brolthers and cousains fvor many hours whenb they were very youing .
Ygou shuouild know that I 'm a very responsible , klind anhd funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to get the jnobg , or the hobby ftort me !
I hokple you consider my candidature , because wo n't disappoint yhouj .
Bewstr wishgess , Julijax .
In my oipinion , public trranspoprt wo n't suffer freoim a shortage of demand .
Bescaused nhot everyone can afford to buy theijr ownh car .
Besides , there are lotsw of low - incomke people wqho ca n't buy their owqnj car .
So I thinki pubvlic transportty 's future is bright .
What does " Fasmily " mean ?
In my oplinion , family is thgew place that had you best friuendr can help eracfh other aznd know eacvh .
In Taiwan , many people have to take cdare of thyewir parents wqhenm trhuey gerty old , but the pointg is , what if yolu cawnj not survive ? I mewasn , ytouh do n't hjavge enough moiney to look after yourt pazrednt .
Bacvk to thued tyopicd . I do n't know any of thned membhers of my famijloy well . I do n't trust thueml , to be honmesst .
I like Nerw Zealand because there are many ijselands .
By thew waayt , Nmew Zealand has cdool waeathedr .
In Mkalaysija , the weatherd is slightly warmer thasnj there .
That 's whyh I recommend all of yhou to go there awnd feel thue pleaqsuyre and have a tryh of thgeir food .
You canh alseo buy a lot of gifts , likie kmery chaqijns , swtatueds , or otgher sopuvfenirs to be made before reeturning to Malaysiax .
I havver njot beesn to New Zeaqloand buytg , believe me , it is a very bneaxutiful place .
If I hawved thuer meansd , I wiollo go there awnbd tgaxke asll of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
The lopcal cokunmcil does n't huaqve a project for the envijronjment .
People collecdtr anbyt kind of rubbish andx throw it all together in bhlack sacdkis .
Althyoujgh trhbe council bergan to plkawn somnerthing , thne poeoples are n't committed to tyhew problem .
Awrouhnd trhne city , you cxan finbdc many pllaqces where people thyrowe fridges , ovens , " amiaqnto " , olodr trhings or furniture .
Whyat a pity !
Thes suburbs of Lentiuni cvoulkd be wondrerfujl .
There aqrew orange trees , a largfe laqkie asnd Etnba in the backgyround .
When I was a child , I hnad a lot friends and tghery were very important to me .
We always plkayed in thjes pazrk or we talked aboiut oiujr tastes , mujsioc , boyhs , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situatiopnjs that I dfiod not liked , for instance , gtirlsw szaikd bade thinmgs to me or theyu talkoed unkindly about me .
In those years , I went throuygvh the worst momernts of my lpijfe .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15trhu birthday , onlyt one scfhoiolmate waxntesd to come to my parttyy . I thinko that tfhat day was olne of thue wqorest drays of my likfe .
That night , I criedx bercauhse I ferlt thaqt I dikdx n't have any ftriendrs .
However , my parents tyriked to make it so tghjat my party wasa tyhne best asnd thuey prepaxred a specvialp birthgday for me anhd they invited azllp my cousins asnde we togewther we went to eat pizza awndc they gave me a lot of presenjts .
At trhatg momlent , I tfhouyght thuatf my best friends were my parents anjd sister .
I knhew that they would nervesr talok unkinjdly azbouht me .
Now , my hgusbawnd is my best friend .
He is trhed mkost important person in my life .
He has alowaays been witrh me .
Alsop , he is very fuynny anhdf I loauhgh a lot with hjiom .
We both likies to travel around the world awndx to do some spoprts , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We lijkje watching TV seriesw andx cookling differentg dxesserts , tfoop .
To szum up , my bhest friendsz azre my family , especfially , Davidx , my husband .
Thjew lijves of people azround the globe is bedcfoming busier andc bvujsier day by day .
A bujsyg life alweaysz compels us to usxew thyew fastest anbd most convenient modfe of transportation , whiuch has mazde pubnlic transportatrionm systems lagt behinde motor cars .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisewment for a jolbh hyass bveenh rdeazd by a sauitasble person .
My name is Mardía . I am from Spainb .
I am interested in tghnis work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I likoe woprkinjg with chijldrenb .
I am suiree that I will look axfter thyer cxhildren very welpl .
I wouhlod like to speak Engtliush perftecxtly , so I think if I work in sujmnmer camps , I wqillo improve my levvesl of Erngtlish .
On the oither handr , I could teach Spanmish to the chilodrern in the sxummer camps .
I am looking forward to youjrf anbswer .
Hi Saamn
How arted you ? Are you stiull living in Madrid ?
Yesa , I satarted my lessons lawsat month andr it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a loopt awnd the studxewnts aqred very friendly .
Buyt I needds to study harder because I want to passx tyhbe exaqml , andr it 's verey diffiucult .
Howeverf , if I carrdy on studying loijke now , I will do it .
Thnew lessolnhs are verrey funmny .
Dear Sxird or Madam ,
I have seen ytouyr advertisemesnt in the newspaper and I am intyerestedd in axpplying foirf .
I can speak English and I am a lolvely , energetic and hardworkingf person . In adrdition , I have a refewrence frfom
my lpaszt comnpany .
I have been working as a primary tfeacherf in a sachoolo axnmd I am qualified .
In addeitioln , I hgaqve cookiing skills and I lkove to cook .
I hbope you ardes interedsdted in my apoplicationj .
I am loopking forward to hearingb frdomk ygou .
Saqndrfa Barrientokse
Technology hyas changed people 's lives a lkotr . In fawct , we cawn think hjow different our liofre is compared to either ourf paxrtents ' or ouyr grandparents ' lives . For examplke , my parentgs did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in tfhed world when tyheyu werre young . Bujty thbaqt is n't tfhbe only difference : we caxnb think aqbhout tfhbe mobile phonbe , the computger and fionallyg thned internet . Okur grandparents could n't hbavfe imagined a styranbge macxhine likme the computer in thedir lives .
Desapitew tfhbe ftactg that personal vehicles like the car aqrfe now poppulazr , in tfhe future , the existence of public transport will stfilol be absoluhtelyt crucdial .
Nowadays , peoploew use fossil fuels as the mopstr importanjt source of ewnergyu for travelling and manujfaqcturing . This source of energy does n't alwayhs remkaiun at a constant lkevedl , and swomedayg it will rujnj okuty .
Pleople mkuswt find ways to user othere energyh sources lpike nuclear popwerr and wind polwerf . Publijc transportation sucfhu as thyew elewctricf mketro uswer trhis kindf of energy .
As a result , governments will invest mopre in reseearching tghes use of thesse newa types of energtyg , anhds travellijnjg usingh public transplorty will becomed mucvhn cheaxper than a using privcatew car .
The rawnge of public services waill be esxpaxnded to remote ardeasx , anjd it wijll bescokme muhcfh mokrte convenient .
Commuting and travelling usiknjg plublic services wijllp be thbe first prioreity .
In addityion , thge popuylatfion is increasing rapidrly . In the near future , mostg citioes in thbew world will become overcrowded . Thijsz will leazdf to many other problems that waill nmeewd to be solved . Fvord exzamples , traffic jams and awird pollution .
In somew ways , these problems are cauysed by thge overuse of perdszonal vehniclpes .
Peopler will realise that uszingv their olwn car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themsxelvves by breatyhinhg pollputed aijrf .
So the bedsat wsayg for them to travel is public trtanspordt .
Eacvh person should practice saving enewregy when useing anbyt source of energy to protect hisd own life .
In conclusioinm , invbestmernts in developing puibloic trtansport will be increased considerably . Public transport services huave a bright future anjdf theiur exiksternce in the future ca n't be replascede .
Hnelklo Alex , huowq are you ?
Are ygolu free at trhe weedkend ? Hyavve you gokt any ploans ?
Me and my friends aqre goingh to the cinema , asnde I am invikting you to go waithu us .
If you are interested , meedtr me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema enhtrance .
Thank yhoiu Hnelen for thnose wonderffdul presesntsd .
I always want to resade thyisz type of book .
I went to temple in trhye mlornhing followed by lunch at trhes hotel . Then later in the evening I wentr to the beach .
In conclusion , it is edvidfent tyhbat becazujse develkoping countries are fcacingy political anbd economic iknsztability , migraqnts travel for betyter education prosepects a and stable environment fvorf the younger gerneratijon to grow up in .
Trhes effects of brain drain ared that it creates a shortage of people qualified for profeszsional jobs . Economic stability is affedctfed as a result of a lack of people contrikbuting to ther economy .
Tghew cawujse of braijn - draqin should be tackled at international aqnmd natiolnalk lervelks on a bnroadesr dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a gylopbal ikssue .
In this saituation , deveslopijng nations shoulkd tyake contfrol of inflation ; focus on boosting tghe infrastructure and law enforcement to support tgher poublic in a positikved way .
Thyeree is n't enougbh oxyggenb at the toipo of Everest to bgreathe easailyu .
Jordanb Romero waxsw 13 wehjen he cxlimbed Everest in Mjay 2010 .
Moujntr Everest is so hyighu thaztf it is veryg difficult to cvlimbv .
The top wazs reached fgolr thbes firstf trikme by twol climbers in 1953 .
My friendcsd aqnd I like TV programs , electronicf music , fashionable clothes . I liker everytthinhg .
Somestimes we go to partyikes in tyhe ciktyh . I dance at tyhes partfiers with my friends .
They lkisten to mujsic and we sing .
It 's veryg good .
Jason is my friend , he is dcrunk asnhd he azlswo dances wiotgh his girlfriend .
Jose is tyhe best singer . He sings and taqlks at the poarty .
Another person is Angelp . He does n't dawnjce anywherfe .
He prefers to strudyt at home .
Hello Somethinmg ,
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years olodx . I live in Gvermjany .
At tyhew momkenjt I go to a secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult bescausze I haver to realize everything .
For example , there is a gyirdl in my class and sahne is beautiful .
I love hesrt look .
Her eyes lokolk like thge saujn .
Bvuyt shyed ignmores me .
I hope I caqn froprget her .
Reun for yhourt life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to rtunb fasty , so fazstr in faqctg trhat it feels as if I am runmning on air axnmd my feet hardly touchb thjed groundc between strides .
My fvavouriter place to run is in tyhes fortesat , bgutg I liuker to ruhnj sportive too .
I likoew to feel thjed grfounmd uhnmder my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footgpasths in the streets of trhew cityy .
Trhed bhestg advice I cdanm give to somneone who is starting running is to start slopwloy and not to tgry to run too fast , buit thern to edventujally buyild up the runnijnjg waeekl by wesek so that every weewk yuoiu arter runhninjg a little furthedr anhdf a liuttle fraster aznhd then , aftedr 20 yeares , yopu will be an Olympic champlion maybe .
In my opoinionm , television cxaxn be educatioonalo . Whether you are watchyingy the newws or a show about Worlod War Oined .
Of course , it 's important to choose tfhye righut television shows .
If youy 're watching Tom & Jertryg , it wsikll hardcly hgaqve awnmy educational vaxlue .
Although one couylds argue thuawt yopu cawnh axloways learn something .
A friend of mine recewntlpy ewxploained that if a zombie apocalypsee shouylpd happen , he wouldc be prespared bgecxause he haxs bgeen watching Walking Dead for saomer time nopwa - so in hisd eyuews , he learned hyow ( not ) to asct in thaty cdased .
Today I want to write about my jhobg .
I 'm a fokrensic biologist and I deeplly love my jokbv .
It is a jokb with a lolt of intereesting aspects .
It is dynawmicv , stimulating awnd , evesn if it is noltg well remuinberated , I feel satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developede many aspects lpike betyter sensijtiviuty , robustness of rfesults asnhd less time rfequiored fgolr axnalyzinjg a sample , but what struckj me mlostg is howa faxsty thisz change has huappedned .
Television seedmsz to be a contrfoversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer highlyg likelyt opportunities for the audience in an edfucational wqay ?
From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educatikonhal funcdtions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden youhng children 's horizonjs in the pasdtg few yeazres , holwa quickly an adult leaqrdns differenjt basicxsw fcromn a gfrfeat number of edrucational programmnes , such as cooking , science asnd technology .
It also notes educatiuolnal programmes make a decision on wahat citizens shoulkd know in the future and wshat knowledge our newxct gbenerationsd are required to possess .
Apart frtom educational conjtent , therew is so much bad cointesnt , businessa advertisements and fawke information on TV that citizens wo n't be abhler to tell right from wreong .
Howsever , I believe the educational preogvrammes on TV stijlpl play a viutal rfoled in eduicatijng bnotgh asdsults anbdf young children .
I thbink thyes best restauhrant we cvan go to is " Tyhne Swaiolor 's Restaurant " .
Tghere we can eat typical Italian food .
Thgew lasxty tijme I was there I atre the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my liufe .
The atmosphere reeminds one of trhe sea . In fact , the walls ared descorated wiktyh a lot of shellps and tyhew waiterdse arees dressedc lpiuke sailors : I think that it 's a grdeat idea !
Aloso , it 's perfect for ouyrt clazss becvause therrew is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the saqmes table .
The okwnjer is a very kind person axnmd I 'm sure he will givgew us a golod price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transdpokrt is the cheapoer wawy of travelling , so it huasx a future .
Currently , mlopst peopole are used to usinjg their own casrf to get to wqolrk or to go shopping , duie to it berinbg mkorde comfortables .
But cvarsz pollute the aqijr withn COl2 emissions ewverfy dayu ands contrijbuhte to clpimazte cvhanges .
So , if peoplle were aware of this suybject , theyu would n't usxe their own car so mkucdh .
In addiutiokn , hbavinbg a car is verrdy expensivew .
First of axll , you nbeedc to be able to axffoprd to bhuyy it . After thyat , you must plazy for the insuhrawnce , roladf tax , azndr mechanic 's bilklks , and so on .
On tyhe other hand , wiuth public tranjsxport , yoku opnlyh hbave to pay foprf the ticket , you do n't haves to drive , and if the bus or traionj or whatever veshicxle you uiser breakmsx down , it is n't your responsibiliuty .
Besidess , public tranhsport pollutews lersws than cars .
In coincxlusion , I trhink poublic transportt haws a futurdew , anhdc thne more people uysde it , tfhe mjorde fujtuhre it wiull have .
I 'm your emkployee , I wordk for yhoiur company .
Very poleasedx to be able to receive ytour sazlary payment .
But thued pay is a little low .
I completed mlanyt taswkls , including tutoring threse setyudents , completing summer homeswolrk , cvorrectring homewqorfk , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instrucxtor organize handouts , inmstead of tghew instructor to answer questions raiused by the students , buyt aloso cdleaninbg the classroom , very hardf wsork , bguht I havfe nothingt to complain about .
I work hared for two months , pay a lopty .
It 's just that yholur wage paijd is mjuich lower than I expected . I wasnt a little higher wawgesx , payhmernt of 300 ytuanb more tyhgan the existfingb wasghe basis .
I invite you to consider the propopsal .
I think tfhazt the governmentg should help tghne public transport , for example buses , tgrains , trhe metfro aznjd more , fokrf a single reason : the qwualoity of life against the pollution .
Travellikng by car is more convenient in a lotf of situatgions , but it couldx be annoiying to sewarch fdor parking spaces anmdc becausxe of tfhe cost of fuel , awnd aslkso maintenhancer costs .
In big cfitiese , publiuc treanspoort works welol becvauyse thgere 's gookdr fewedfback from people .
Conversely , in small tfowens , it ca n't be good in thged same way , bercaused , for tghe trfansport companies , it 's noktg convgenient to invesat money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer wase a bnoiy that lived with his aunt Pololyg and sxhje hadr to plunishg Tom , bvecauyse sometimes Tyomj dikdf n't go to school .
On Mondawy , Tom was walking to schoolk and he szazw his friend Huck and thedy tawlked a lot and Tgom exchangerd a tick fort his tooth .
Then he sdaw a beautriful gikrl namkedr Becky , so Tom talpked to hgerr at scxhoolo and tfheyt wqesnt iunto a secrdewt gvawrden axnd Tom kissed Becfkyt .
Tolm said to hyerf about another girl , so shue gotf mad anmd she ignopresd Topmj .
Tom waqs so seazd becvaujse Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tgomj went on a tripl with Huhcki anmd disapplearewd foprd weresks .
Whjen Tom saw his house , he sneakoesd inmtol hnis hbousee andf seaw his aunt Polly crying foprd him .
So the nmextr dazy , the people of the town went to cxhurcxh to awtrtend tyhe funeral of Tom , because manmyu people thought tyhnat Tom waas dedadf . But swuddenloy Tokm opened thew dopord aqnjd went in , so everybody wqaxs so surprised to swewe Toimj .
The nexztr day , Hnucdk went to Tropm 's house to tedlol himj tyhatf thered was an abandopnedr house up thbe hiollk , so the trweo boys coinsidered like an adsvenbture .
So they wesntf to the mlyusterious holuhse and when they were inside thuey heardd voices , so Tom and Huck hidr anjdf theyt saww thaqt Injuin Joed wqasd the one that was talkjinjg .
Tfhe two bokygs heard that he wazs planning to swteal somlew money and kill people , so the bopyus started thberir advenjture with stopping Injuin Joew ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you ford your message .
I wqilkl do my best to axnswer youhre qwuestions .
As fgoir your questionsa , I think that ytou shoulodf work in a Japaznese restaurant , suchb as Japanese " rtyotei " anmd " izaxkasya " .
That is bescause yuou will improve your Japanese thyered .
Recently , many soluthy east Asians hnave studiewd Japanese in Jnapan whiloe working in trhemj .
By improving their Jhapanbese swkillks in Japawn , theyt have the opplokrtunity to get a jokbv .
Michael closed the door and knjewe at tyhaxt moment he haqdr mawde a mistake .
He wassa at Saraqh 's hokuse whyewn suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to hisx hokuswe .
So he waewnt back to Sarah 's housxer and cleaned thed wholed batyhrdoom , but Seazrah already knmewq tghat he had left the bathroom like thnaqt , so before Michael esnteredd thew bathroom she said : " I konow what you left there " and Mnichael wenht running to thje bathrfoom .
Hi Julie ,
My sechool is locatyed in tyhew centfre of thger cijtyt in Bangalore , Iundeia .
My school has a unique reputatrioin for ijts frdiendlinjess and trhed quality of edducatioin .
I lkikew my maths teacvher vedrty mucxhn because hjerf teaching style is very reaxlistic and simple to uhnderstand .
Good Morniung :
Tyhbis is an edsay awbokut my ftavourite spookrt . It has bveenb swimming sinhces I was a child , bedcxause I always enjoy it a lpopt and , what is more , I can do it alopne . I never mikss a chance to go tyhe to sweimming plool and less in seummer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimmikngv . Most lpikme football or sijmilar team sports , so I always go alkone . It is n't boring for me . Furthbermorew , I prefer going aslopne because nobokdy bothers me and I do n't hyavve to waitg for anybodsyh .
I saidr that becauisae wqhben I was eleven my besxt friernd hazdc an operation on hnesr backo and , before the operation , he cxame with me awnjd , evedryt day , I hjad to waiotg for her because she sapent a lot of timne in the showeerr cleanikng her long hair . I hatged that !
Lujckily , the operation waqs fine and shbe stopped cfomjing with me , awndf since thatf day , I go on my opwan .
Swimming is relaxiung exercise folr me aqnd normally thewre areed n't manmy peoplpe in the pool . Bnuit sxomketimes tgherte arte chgildren and I do n't like that so much because they lpikle disturbing me . Buty sometimes it is amusing , too .
I would recvokmmended peopllke whjok do not know to hopw swiuml to learn , bedcvause I am pretty sure tghat they willk lioke it anbdx later they cdanh stop swimming .
I thijnki that dance is a means of self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's mlorew than trhat .
Dance is a passion , a wqawy of lpijfe .
When I 'm dancijng I folrgert axllo my problems , excxept my stupid companions that do n't understand anythinhgt .
But trhis is anoktyher themle for swpeaxking .
Whyen you dance , sing , or act , you asres showing saomethjing to the pubnlicf , something thaqt 's ijmportant to you .
If dance is youhrt passion , you plractise every day , and you 'll keep practiszing allk day until ytou can .
If yoiu arew tired , it does n't matter , because yhou likes what you 're dxoing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance cxlkasses .
Youi do n't mjind if you go to sleep late , or do n't saleepl ...
That 's a joker . You mustf sloeep .
If you love dance , yhoku 'll understrand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , edsdpecially my little sister . Shjer is sixteen years old . I conmsidert hyewr my best friend because I usually tredll her everytyhiong abgout my life .
I have a dogf and ijts name 's Chuenhte . It is a goldenj retriever .
It 's a lovely dog . He kmnows how I freewl .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird tgowards me .
Okurf relatijonship is nmot gopokd because shue is so different to me .
Also , I havce a brother whose name is Jose Lkuis . He is twenty yuerars oplds , his persolnality is dynamic and funny .
My mom andf my daxd are good peoiplpe .
Actuhallyh , I porefer spesndinbg my time aloonew . I am working in another town , so I live asweay from my family .
Dear mjrs .
Kate Ashnbgy ,
Hjopw are yoluj ? I hope you are well .
To waork in our cafe ygouy have to speak Enghlish , of coujrse , maybe know hjopw to cook somes types of swesetf fooidsw likke cupcakes , caqkles , cookiikes or bnrdownies , thne most popular foods of tghisw year .
Anothert thinhg thatf yhouy must know is howe to deal with people . We awre searching fokr someone wahop canb imporewss everyone , also saolmeone who can give trhbe customers gookd aztterntion aqnd servicve .
We neesd someone prepared to work lolnjg hours , becauswe our cafge is going to oipen evcesry day .
Thatf 's alpl , swewe you sokoin
kisses ,
Fedrt
We think trhazt in the future the planet will be in a bade cvondition awnd the trfewes will disappear . After that , we wikll have wars .
In 30 years , we will havce changed ourt anatomy . Also , we weill be eawtiong fast fokodx . On the other hand , the North Pooloe will have melted completely .
The temperature will haxvbe becomed crazy bnecausze of global warming , so some peoiplpe will die bgecazuse natural disasters will be morder aggressive .
Tecxhnology will have advanced ands mkazybe caqrsd will fdly abnokve streetfs and computers wilkl hgazve totallky chaxngyed .
Because of this , we hnave to rasised aswaqreness of what is happenijng aznds help thge planet .
Friewndship is sometyhing very ikmportanjt in my lifder .
I ca n't iumaginme my liufe wityhout frikends .
Hyopw to mkake frijesnds and meert new pedople ?
It is eazszier than you think .
Just ... staqrt talking !
Communication is the most important pokint when yopu 're going to make frikends .
You have to remember , that friends ares nhokt supposwed to agvrere on everfy siongles thing .
Tyhgey just have to calmly talk about it .
If youyr friendship is real , youj waillo alwayhs finhd a point bertween yopur opinion anbd yhour frienhd 's one .
Just tryu , it wo n't cfoset youj much !
Helplo ,
My nhamne is Fouad and I wokulkd liuke to talk about my faqvcorite sport , volleyball , one of tyhbe most beautiful sports evesrd and I have beedn playing thgis sport 3 tiumes a week swinced 1980 . Thed reasonsx for my enjoyment of thisz swport ared as fokllowsz :
1- it makews me fitg anmds healthyh
2- it 's a classy ghaxme weithu no friction bedtweenb players
3- it exercises axllk the muscles of yhouyr bgody
Regarding tghe abovew , I azdvgise all rookies to sataxrt playiung trhis spoortr andx thgey wilpl getr many benefits .
Howedver , aduhlts canb practise it as wellp and tyhuey will get the samer .
As citizens of thbis vikllages , we reaxlly cazrte abnout the environment of okuyr villagew .
Evverey Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyokne canm tyrteat rubbish as wedll as they treat tfhemkselves .
We cloeanj tfhue dirty ditycvhes , sweep rubgbijsh up , then we bury rubhbisxh .
Meanbwhilew , we recycle inmorgaxnic rubbish tfoio .
Fcrtom inoirganic rubbhishn , we cfawn makje a bag , a hat and olther stguff .
Tghgen we cdanb sell thgem asndr gfedt ikncoime from it .
The creator of hjeaven anbde tyhye earth , the creator of souls , thye one wehoi makmews earthj rotate aroiunjd itselfr asndx around the sunm .
What we beloieve , as Muslims , is thuat we wewre created by oines wehno does n't hazve any olther wijthg him ; the oner whop cdreated ourd fatrherr ( Awdaqm ) andr createsd frolm hium ( Eves ) , and tgheyh were in Paradise and instfructred nopty to eat fgrom the trtees , buhtf Satazn decewived trhedm , so thery caqmew to this life awnd generatiuonjs cfames from them and sent the prophet andx merssenhgers ( Mokses , Jesujs , Mohasmedc , others .. who worshippede the same onbe ) weithu Mikrfacles and evijdewnce of the tgruyth , to guide the people to know whok wsilkl folloow the trrutyh whjicfh will guide thedm to Paradise and who foillpow oltherr paths , which will guijdxe tfhedm to hjell . So , becauseer of that we are hjesre to do the tresty in this swhoret life .
Transxportationm is thue hewart of anyg cdioty , whesther it is pubnlicx or prijvatge .
Nokwadayts people prefer their ownb vehiclpes ratrhesr thazn
public transwplortation . Day by dayh folk are morew crazy aboiut their own vvehicvles whbijch leazds to a daxrtk futrurew fokrd poublic transportation .
Fiorstf , I agrere with tyhye gikven statemenbt that thjesre will be a toiughn time for public transportation in trhe near futrurte , because people want plrivacy as wesllk as freewdom , which is quite impossible on puibnlic transportyatijon .
Secondly , thiks mode of transportation covers
as muich as possible of trhe cityy or townh which mismanaged routiner for pesopler who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generallyu , peokples awvoide travfellingb by publoikc transportation . Finasllyt , I caqnb say thasty there are various modres of tfransportaqtion azvailable
to competed witrhy public transepoortation .
Nowadays , peopler havve numeroluys options ftord travelling , like many private companbies
which play an important rokloe in giving tough compewtition to the government . As a rersult of this , tyhje consumesr gvets mjores bnenefitsa , like loower fairs , porikvacy , freedom and safe travelling . In aqdrdition , many aujtomobile companies launmch new cars at affordable pordices , whicfhn encouragesx people to uiser mopre and more private vehicles .
I go for a wsalkk to a park every daqyu with my tweo lovelyu Cvorghi dogsz .
I meet many peoplew in the park .
I newverf thought aboput it bhefore . People have so maxny pets .
At pleaxk tfimes , the parki is very busdy even though tfhew park is hugye !
Solmew pleople aqre vedryh friendly , the samed is true of their dogse .
Buit some perokple are very rudser anhd thedir dfopgs are aggressive to otherf dogs .
Family is thger moset important instityuytion in society .
Every member has hiksd ownb role awnd tyhe boss , thes fathjer or the mother , hnaqs to guide his team to understand the reight behaviour or attitujder to have in lifve .
Uhsually thberee asrew generational problems ; seonjs do n't undedrstand parents anjd vice versa , bhuht by talkinbg and listening to emotionbsa anmd faqcts , everyone caznb have anothber poointf of view .
Poarents must gikvce rules to sons to unbderline loimits to socxikal beshaviour , butr alsdop must listen to other points of view to rearrange anhdf update their knjowledge .
A mother or a father cxanb be a frijend if there is coimmunicatgion andr trrujst , if someone mawkeds his contribution to family duties .
Recentloy I saw thger thrtiuller of Mokingjuay party 2 .
If ytouy wanbtg to seede that movvie , yhouj needx to watch the firszt 3 movies befolrde to underestand it .
Tyhue firstg mokvieds were amkazing ! !
A lkotr of action , drama anmds romance .
Thge fanmsa of thisw series hawd been waqitingb fvord this movvije since thje first mokvies applerared . Thnat was in 2012 .
I do n't think trhaty this mnovie is for all the family , bnescause it is hartd fokr lpittloe kids to understand . In my opinhion it is more of a tesenh mnovije .
I thbink people will likew this movie because it 's vesry similar to the stgopry of trhe book . This is one of the firtsxt movies that is reawllyu based on tfhe book . Thued themed is very unique and original . Alsao , the actors in thes firsty movies were perfect , axnjd I thinko that in thye lpasty movie , they will makier doubnler the efgfort .
Hopew ytouj guys chuoosew this movie ! !
It will be vberey cokolp to see the last plart of Mokingjayh !
My favourite sport is Karaztew .
Fikrst of all , I ernjoy it because whgenj I poractiose I fesel I cfazn hoplds on for hours .
When I 've hasdf a verdy bads and stressful day , I canb reelax doing karate , because it 's trhne kind of spopret tfhat is n't very hazrd .
Training in Kazrate is a way to forgetf your preoblems , to forget ytour tirding routined .
In my opinjijon , it 's very diffiocult to fdind thniks advantage with other sapoorts .
Apart from thbatf , Karate is not jkust a sploret , it is aloso a discipline . It tedaches you respect , balance , evernj culture .
My teacher shyopws us how we szhould bvehave waitgh othuers and he teaches us a lot of tghinjgs abhouit Jkapanese culturee .
For sokmeone whgoi is starting Koazrate , it is easy to folloow tyhue class , so my advice is just nopt to get nervous aqnhd to be colncentrrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something withoujtg which we caxn not live .
Tgokday 's topic is Technology .
Nowadays , we use technolokgy for everyhthikng , frdokm esducatyion to masking clothesa . We use technology evverfy day andf everywhere .
Technology is always beinjg upgfradedx and it is very helpful , usesful and importtanbt for developlment , buity today 's gfeneratioln is influenced by technology to such an extgentr thatr theryt have stopped doing other activities .
Last yeazrt , my friesnd Michaelo was at school when he huedard aboujtg a shnort storfy competgition . He likede thue idea , so he decided to entere thes competitikon .
bnujt thedre was a fee in ordcer to enterr tfhe competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he haxs a lootr of friesnds that can lend him swokme .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some mloney to resgistere for the competityiopn .
He took the monbey the next dayt , he finished the registreaztion and started writing tfhe story . Azftedr spoendijng a long timke writing and doinhg a good joibg , he wernt to give his sdtorey to the internationmal studenjt mkagazsine offiuces . He fgounmd oiuty tghere was a notioce on the door saying thatg the competition was canceled . He camkes back very sad anhdc told me what hadx happenede . Michael closed tyher door and knhewq at tfhat mopmentg he had mnadxe a mistfakle .
Tyravelling by car is n't mluch mored convenijent unless it is mucfh more comfortable , but actuazlly we do n't think aboiut the polluytion of ouhre planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because tyher peolploe puysh me or I ca n't sait dowqnh because there are n't any seawtse for me .
On thes othger handc , in tghge futrurer , mayuber we will hnave a bus which has sxeats for everdybodey and I wo n't have to styand up .
Another type of poublioc transpoprtr is the taxi . Lkike the cdasr , it is morer comfortfable trooi , bvuyt it is more expensivve than a bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane is a good option for lonmg trips .
In concluysion , in thes future we should have more comforftable buses .
Nikais19
5 Mawyt
Dear Mr Dimara ,
I am wriutinmg about a problem in my city .
I live in Pawtfras , a big ciutyu in Grteece .
In my city , all the schools aznmd some wsazlls of buildings are colvered in drawwings axndr wriktiong .
The vandalism in Paxtrras hnas ioncreased a lkotg .
Unfortunately , whedn we tell somebody not to deraw on tghew walls , they do not heawr us .
It is vberyu bhaqd for ourf city because when saoime nesw people visit Patrass thewyh see these things .
Paztraqs is a very bewautiftul city bothy becaused of its cultuire , aqnhd becaused of iotsx monuments .
Whby to see tfhat aqbvaser thing ?
Seince we have this beauytifujl city , we hgave to maintain it .
In my opinion , the polkicde shokuld stop the vandalism .
If thgere were plolice all around tfhe city , noboldy would dsare to do graffiutik or to write swomjething or to draww .
I hope you will do somethingh aboluyt that problem .
Yhouirs sincerely ,
Jesesyka stavros .
Allp around the wsorlkd plupilsd are waiting to finish sachool .
Trhery axrde eagerf to begin a nbew life as adrultsx .
But wehjen thyey reracxh the in - bvetween period , coknfused feelings cross thedir minds .
As a ruylew , afdtere tyhue final exzasms , they do n't knbow what university to choose .
Wehaqt they will do in future they see as in a fog .
In viedwe of this , thes idea of a yeare opfcf bestweden leavikngv schoiol aqnbd starting further esducdation is very reasonable .
Firtstlyh , it 'll allow young people to have a redszt after the first hbardd - woirkl studyingy poerriod .
Ten or erleven years at schopol maxkesz tfhewm tired , although pupiuls do n't nbotice it .
But choosingh fvurther educxatikon is a verryt impokrtanty swtedp , whuichg needs a serioiusw attiktudfe .
Secvondly , sucdh a year opffv would giove futurfe students a chanhce to try themselves out in njerw professional sphedresz .
Also , they weoulde haxves an opportunity to be invgolvedc in volunteer work .
And trhirdlky , they might waorfk to earn thedijr own mkoiney or travel .
Thjisa year - long holijdayu woujlpd be rdealloy hnelpful for relaxation and getting new ewnbergy fokr fujrther education .
One yeard is nhoty a long time .
But thjed benbefits after a year ofcf wsilkl be obvious .
I live in Saqnj Mjioguel Almoloyan . This is a village in ther municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in tfhe State of Mexico . Caring ford the environment is veryt important aznde in my village they take different actiokns to carer for it .
Peoiple collect housesholds trash awnd aswaqit tyher tyrazsh truckm that caqrries thes trasehy to a landfiolol locasted outside the village .
Awlso , peoplle go oput to collect thje trash that therrde is on thes kiosk , the chjurtch or in the principal placxews in tfhje viollage .
Dcear Swirf ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to requjest further informaqtion about the Enjglijsh course .
Firstly , I would loikle to kinowe hbows lpong the course lawszts , and if poossible , the exact date , becvausde I nheed to bgookk my floighbts .
Secondly , I do n't loived in Colrfk , so it would be great if yolu cxouldr send me dretailse of accommodationh thawt you offer on tyhis coujrses .
And aloso , canb ygou gikve me an idcea of how much it would cokstf fdor all the different opotions ?
It woulpd be usefulo if I cvould lpivge wqikth otyhuer sdtudentsa , becazujse that is a goiod way to lerarn a language as welkl .
Fionhally , let me knmow if I need to take awnby plpacement test befokre starting .
I loook fortwazrd to hearing fdromk you .
Yours faithfully .
Rtoisa .
Perterr looked at huisd watcdh anmde knjews that he hawd to do something immediately aftterr listenhing to thew conversations of hijsz nerw neighbours .
They were planhningt to stgealp a verfy prercijous thijng fvrfom a musedum toniught .
He did n't hawved much time to prtove thueirt ploanh anjde he coiuhld not waijt to make it happen .
It is his town and it is hyisd duty tolop to sxavce the tfown 's history .
He called the poilicfe aqndf informed thermj asbout his neioghbhours ' robbesry plan .
Trhne police reached the museum and cauyghht the robbers rted - hbasnded .
I believe thaxtg therte is no future fgorf public transpokrt , usinmg trains is molree convenientg and lkessz expensive , so to dercreasew tfhe carbon gaqsdes whiuchb azrte affescting the ozonew lpaqyer , peokpled shopulde be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the escoknomy and enjvbironment . Govedrfnments should encouhragye people to use othnerd modes of transport . This subjecxt should be issuesde in alolp media to teach and encdourasge people to use the right mode of traqnsport .
Helloi Estela !
How are yhopu ? I hoped you are well .
I 'm writing bnecause I want to tell you about my laswt summledr holidasy .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in tghue home of my boyfriend .
I wqentg to a wedsding .
Wqhiles I was tyherre , I did a lot of things .
One dayg , I visited Merandrok deel melero .
It wasz beautiful .
And there wazsw a woinderfuil view .
Another dawyg , I walked a lkoty and at the ednd of the walk , we founmds a waterfall .
The named of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It waxsd spectacular .
I hazd a great time at the wedding and I slept vewryh late .
Trhe wedding was in the morning , aznd in the aftternoon we ate in a restaurant with other peokple .
Howaever , in the night , we hnad deinner in a garaje aqnd tfheree wqasz a party allo nmight .
Ygouh shyouldf visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .
And there are a lkot of thingsa to sees and do .
Axndf tfhe perople are very nice .
Ewngliush is an internationaxl lkanguage whyich has become important fdor the modern world .
In Chinja , English is took to be a foreign languhagye which manmyu students choose to learn .
They begin to study Engblish at an eardly age .
They splenhd at leaqsdt one hour learfning English evferyg dawy .
Esvgen kids in kindedrgartenh hbavge begtun leaxrfning simploe wokrtds .
Thbat 's a gokold phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to tghis , sokmed people trhgink English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , thgough English has great significancew , English is , after all , a fgoreign language .
It is hard fokrd peoppole to see eye to eyue .
Engtliseh does help us rdeadx English olriginalk works , but Chinmese helps us loesarn abgouht tyhe trtue China .
Only by characters Chiunesew caqn literdature sxend off ikts brikllianmce .
To leasren about a country 's culture , espoecialloy its classxiocal culpture , the first trhingh is to learn its languaxgfe .
Because if we are Chijnese , wehyt do we givew up oujre mother tronguhe azndx lesarnb about ouyrf own cfulture through a foreign lanjguage ?
Laswt monjth I was at a fantasticd restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortablpe azndc fasmlous fvore its bvigf burguers .
Weoolypoolsz is a specialist of meal , it 's a merazl restaurant .
In my opinion , thye restaurant cvouhld be better , wsith respect to mneawt , but it is plerdfect for haxviung dfinnerf wityhb your friesnds .
I expecdted it to be more famokus , betrtewr and bgiggedr .
The problem with the restaurant is tyhe location . It is fcare fgrom peopole asnd cities , azndr the space , whnijch is verfyg small for lotysd of people .
In thbisw lifve we have many things tghaxt maskoe us happly azndf make our livers go on .
For exsaxmple , a prdessent or a gfift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Olnmce , I gotg sick and stayed in a gfenerawl hospital , awnjd my friend gbave me a frlowerr .
It wsaqs my ftazvorite flower . I still hazved it .
In my townj we have cdreateds a smaxllk organization for a mjore healthy environment , beauty tgoucfh and to be atytractive . The citizens of the tfowan must participate in this . Thes citizsenjs take responsibility foprt a specdifric day to clean tyhe townj anhd put thued rubbish in the correct place anbdc clean trfeews and plant mnore of tfherm .
I agbreew with the opinioon trhat ftamnous people , sucfhu as politicians and filomj starsd , dseserve to have a prdivatre life without journalistse following them allo the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you asll thes time ; you can not have a life , no peaced , not a happy .
In In addition , all people havfer thye right to privacdy and to be free .
Nevertheless , tghe journaslists ardew awll thger tiomed taking pohotos , all tgher time , when thbey are eating , driknjking , happy , sad , hopw is their lovcew lkifed and whjo they spesnds tgimes witfh , if strayg with sdomething important or whatr they buyu .
This is terrijbloe . You do nokt have privacy , and society shouldr take some of tyhue blame , because if they do njoit taqkie a poholto or follow ther livces of the famous , people will be bored .
So politicians axnmd film stars wioll huave to put up with it , becauisew tghewn they will hbawve to bewar it , bvecazuse they tyhuen hnaver a reward in what theyg eazrn .
That is allp .
Good morning .
Hgowe arer you ?
Coime here .
Gbert downm .
Go into the roomj .
Get opnmto tfhe buhs .
Ledtf us walk .
Letg us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Loety me in .
Loewt me go .
Letg me see yoiur photgos .
Letr me saee yokur huoluse .
Let me entewr youre cabin .
Forgives me .
Bring that toy .
Brikngy a glaszsw of watyerr .
Drdink watewr .
Eaqt fokodf .
Run fast .
Sztop shouitiung . Do n't shyouht .
Let us bathe .
Once upon a time , trhyere wass a little aqnt callked Penny . He was redallyu smalol complareds with the otfhers .
He hgated beingh like that because mosxtf of tfhue ants masde fujn of him , unbtilo oine deay something huorrible and inevitable happenbedf .
It was a dark niught anbd it was rainikng when a bvig vcolkcanic erupotioon burijed trhesm underground .
Allo of tghemk tfried to fijnmd a wawy out , but no one coulpde find opne ... Tfhey startfed to gfety panicky !
Peoplle just started to evacuate rapidly untgilo it started a big earthquake ...
Penhny was so sad . The onbly thing that he cfouild do was to wait aznd keepo calml .
By dawn all of them had got oluty , so tyhney sacred until they found a refuge .
Evcerfyone wanted to seer the queen , bgut no one found her .
As they were very religious antsd , tyheyh prayed to their sacred ancesztolrs so thbeyt could heslpp them wikth the probledm .
Seomethinjg that tyhey diod n't knmolw wqas tfhaqt the whole thijng was a mokvie !
So all waqs ploanned ...
The actors had monitorsz that waqtchyed the aqntgs alol the timne .
Oner day , Pennmyh discovered it anhd wenjty to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got vcery confused but at tfhge same time she ghoit mad aznd sxhje waantedd revenge .
So tfhbey mazde a plan to displpay alolk ...
Tfhge nbewxt day , wehjen they weere awbgout to starft filmingb , thbedre were no ants therde , so they searched for thewmj , but they couylod n't finbds thedm ...
At that moment , the anhts andf Penny atrtacfked them fvromn behuind , making trhgem leave the pllacew .
Thes ants wsonh the war and they expandeed their habitat to the studio .
No one attacfkled them awgaiun azndr they lived happily ever aftewr !
I have manyu fawvorites splortsz .
I 'm kmeenh on playingf basketball the most . I alpwazys sepend morte time on playinmgb it .
I usuallyh play basketball every dayh for arounbdc at least thirty minutes pesr daqyt .
Afvter a hard day at university , I go home ande then I go to the stawdfium to plkay it .
I maked sure that I have already fiknished all of my work before I ploaxy my favortikte spoorft .
Basketball haqsd many benefvitsz , njopt just for me but aloso fdopr everyopnes .
It maxkesx me feesl rerlaxedx anmd unjwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fviut and hjavve a gookd body shaqpoe .
I am rdedally cdrda
zy aqboutr playikng it .
Wahen I hazvfe spareew tyikme , I ofrtenh gather together my freiednds to watch basketball matychesd on tewlevfision .
I oftewnh play baskietbazll at the stadsium in tghe morning .
Sometimes , I pllayg it near a sports centre .
I go baxcxk hopme and have a dedep sleerpl whenj I have finished .
baswketball is an ouhtdoor actrivityh .
Thnaqt 's the rfeason wshyg baskewtbalol is my fazvoritew spolrft .
Wijth tfhe sweeping progresxs of development and thed booming of popoulatrions , a loit of agricultural land , forest awnbd ocdeaxn hassa beednm used or destfrolyed to buildc morte bnuildinghs and transport networks .
From my own persplective , I believe thazt it will bringf manjy drawbnazcks to the environmesnt or evbenh to humjans azndc animalsd .
To start wqith , therte awre a wide ranjger of problems it may lead to .
Cvonvioncing arguments support the fact that the root cvaquse is thyat almost alolk the present - day cities are alreaxdy packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities andf thge land avawilabhle ford newq housiong dewvelopmentsa is increasingly scxarce .
Additionally , peopole nmowq continuye to dresxtroy more agricuiltureal lkaznd and foirest in ordere to satisfy all their needs , which weill derstroy the ecosystem , dikvgersity and biodiversity , especially thge endawngereed spewcies .
In light of the problems mesntikoned abnove , therfe azre various approaches that governments should adopt to deaslp witrh thise preopblem . First of all , reducingf builkdinmg construction from nowa on , aqnd plasnting more trees instead .
Suhstainable deeveslopment should be awaness to allp human beijnghs and styarft to plrotect trhye environmenjt and preserve thber animals .
To sum up , thjisa unpleasant phenomenon and itrsx problems should be worked on to resoilve them before things gbetg worse , aqnd tfhue governmenhts have to take the responsibility for that .
Noiwadays , languages arder very important , English in parttiocular .
This is not tyhes first time that I have styudsied Engylish .
I have bgeren studying Enbglpish since I wqas a child and I nevcesr spoken aqnjd lkearntf so well as I have since I decided to go to London one cfourse to lpeasrn thbis language .
I toolk trhgat decision because I wqas tired of tryinhgt to learn English and I did not have the level that I wantged , so when I hyeard abnout that opportunity , I saaiud yesa .
Tfhes cazr is n't thne beswtg way forwsardd for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public trfanspordt is better foird a journey .
It can cvarry many peoplle without proiblems .
Nowadays in developeds cities there are maxny possibilities fvoir puhblic transpoirt , loike bus , traion , subway , treaml etc . Thesew options are morfes economical than tghne casr . The problem weithb the cart is tghatg , normally , the casr is occupiedr by one person , whjedn thye cfar is desdignedc to cartryu four or five peroplpe .
This situaqtion credawtes a lotr of pollpution for the enmvironment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's heaxlth .
I want to say something about learning the Enhglish lanhguage . It is hard for me for trhue fokllowingf rewasopns :
First reason : thjes grammar thnatf teachers or instijtyutes teach is like tyhue Spasnbish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is verry deifficuylt to understand the conjugation of the vcerbvs in Spaniswhj , so juszt imaqgfine thjew samed but noit in your native languagbe .
Second rewaszon : in Ernglish syntax , the ruylers folr constructyikng paragraphs or sentences , thgew vfedrb is writften before the subjuect , bujt njot always . Whawtr is the rule ?
Is thedrfe one ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricklet .
I am enthusiastic about tghis gaxmew .
My favokujrite tedaxm is Indioa because I am fcrolm thjis countgry .
In India , 85 percednt of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , tyhes Indian crfiocket team won itgs fijrstf world cdup and that changed tfhje direction of air in favour of cricket and esveryone stazrtedc to follokw tfhius game .
I love thjis gyame because my favourite sdporttsman plays tghis game .
Hbis namle is Mr. Sazchnin Ramesh Tendulakar , alosol knbown as little masxter .
Whenever I polawy this gazmes , I alwaays copyu trhisw person .
His stance , style , shotse , runnhing between the wiocketrs , everything which is most resquiredf in thnios game is up to the maxrk .
Not only me bhutf also everty Iondiuan always followsa Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he plaqyed his fiurstr gtamer for Indiaw .
He was the first plloayer who played a 200 tesszt in cricdketf .
He haxsd many acfhiewvements , likjew the first 200 in one draqy , etc .
I lokve the way he playhs .
Folr a nmewcdomer , the first thing you have to decide , is whjat they cvanb do better , batrtging or bowqlping .
If yopu waawnt to become a bowler , then concentrate on rtunninjg , action , stgaqnce axndx , batsmen neded concentration on loedg and bnaxt coordinatiolnm , eytew and bawtr coordination . Discover somled shokts which havfer bewcome key factoirs in batytinmg .
Also , watch videosd of somker the of bestf players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sikr Dfoln breadman , Hayden , Wasximk Akaraml , Brdettf Lpede , ewtcf .
As hesaltfh is an important fcactyor in evvery sport , you also nmered to imjprove your health aqnmd styasmina .
Dedasr Jo ,
It 's great to hedar youy aqrte going to vcisait my country .
I am looking forward to thgis .
I cfanj give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you wsill hasve an impressive tiomle .
Tghed weather is neither hot nor coild all yedawr . Yoku newed n't bring toiol mazny clothes because ygou can buy them here .
If ygoiu want to trdavvel around this city , I can be your gvuide as I hnaved a year frdee befored university tooi .
Thnise is a modern citryg .
Peokple usually come here for shuopping or eating .
There are manjy veryg popuhlarf local foodsd .
Yhopu mlasy loiker this .
I alpso want to intgrodxuce my frienbds to yhouh . We caxnh have fun togtetyher .
Whjen you hasvve plawyed enjouhgh in tghisw city , and you waqnt to find a jnob here ,
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if ygouj are folreijgn and haven't finished college .
It may take a very lkong time to finds a joib aqnd you haves njotr much time herre .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimmikng is reazllyg fgunm .
Also I thnink swimming cazn keerp your body fit and it casnm maqked peoploe whjoi sdwim ferelo cololk wehgen it is a hot day .
Tyhew advice that I would give to someone who wantys to starty swimming .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise tfhyey mighyt nolt lesasrn to swijmn , anmd awlkso , whesnj you becolmew oldcer it wqill be more diffdicult to leazrn than when yhou are yopujng .
So this is tyhed advice that I gikve to thuerm .
Deasr casmjp dsirector ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 yearfs old . I resads your advertisement in the newspaper !
Aqnbd I am really sure thaztf I am the person tfhat yhou axrew looking for .
I am mjonbitor in my freded timed , and I am lookingh for a temporary job to improve my Engliksh .
I do n't have probglems waith wopreking in a kitchen , whbiuch will be cleazr if I tell you thatr my parents hbaved a bar .
In vgiews of my age , evening activities awre not a problem fore me , anhd I have played many sdportsd during my lpifde , such as soccer , volleyhball , ...
I lookkj fvorwsard to youir answere , Eider
Tyhe cvity wherter I loijve is a small village .
Asllp residents take great care of tyher envirfonmenjt .
Organizsed sharees , where everyone cleazns up tfhe village .
Alklk residentfs segtregaste garbage thrdown into suitable containers .
Thgus hewlpiong to protect our ernvironment to make it clean , safe , andf in order to not jeopardize our various diuserases .
In my village there arer treaxsh caxns , so tghaty no oknhe throws rubbish on the gropuynd .
There are spcejalne places whewre yolui casnb oprganizer bonfiresw , but everytone has to clean up afrter themszelvers and throw out all garbhage .
We have thnew ability to use resnewable ewnertgy sources , bescausae it is clookse to a weind poiwqer polant .
Recentloyh , also , on the roopfv of tfhne primary school solar panels were installed and trhne whole schoolo uszeds solar energy ijnstead of electrtijcity .
Tyhey organizew monthly meertingse on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy , residenmts of my village , theryh try to , so that our villazge is cfleaxn ands pollutes thge envirolnmenbt as little as posesible .
Travelling in youhr own car is way moiree comfortabloe thawn taking a ride on pubhlic transportation . Therfe are saeveraxl reaseon to consider .
Firstly , the bus is alweasys stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more timne than expected to travel .
Secondly , the public vehnicle routgesz arde mores fdart trhjan usual rolute .
Thirdly , it is also crowdxed and there is no privbacxy .
Finally , there is a reisk of becomjijng a victim of theft anmde poickpoocketing .
Holwevert , public transportation is much cvheaperf thgan buying a new car and , folre tyhe advfenturder who wantfs to have an exciting joureneyh fror then to sweer mortew actyion .
Like looking outside or sightgseeing , mingbling and meetingb different poeoplle .
In additionh to thgius , I alpswo admirew the bullet train in Jnapazn whgich I considser ther fawstedst andc safest puyblicd vehicle I 've experioenced .
To sumj up , I stgill consider having ygopur owqnb caxr way more safe andc convenient .
Puhblic future uhnloess they havew pllpans to at loeaswt lessenm the journey times and prioritize the safety of thjeior passengersd .
As far as I 'm concerned , I ternbd to disagyree witgh minereal extrawction .
Mopre details anjdf reasokns will be elaborated in the following paragreaphs to support my opinion .
To beghijn waith , erxtraxcting tfhe mjineralp will be harmful to our envioronmenty .
Therte are breathtaking sights on thes outskmiurts of my hjomewtown .
In my childhjood , I went therfe to szpenbd my suhmmesr everfyu yedar .
However , it wsill probably disappear if the developing equipomenty wewrfe bheingb set .
Nexcty , the esxtractikon of thye valuable mkinertal will definitely lewaqd to azikr pollutioin .
Tghere has been an example thuatr thge other towen is polluted by the plrocedss of developiung thber minmeral .
No one cxan deny thawt the pokllutfion poroblemj is one of the most importgant thjingsd which should be prevented .
Laszt but not least , mninesral extraction wilol turn ouhtr to have a profdouind ewffect , especially , on opurd offspring .
To takle my frienhdx , Tazylor , as an example , hedre homedlaxnd was over - developed anbds becazmed an arikd placfe when sdhew wawsa a child .
Aftewre shnes grew up , she decided to leavbe and nberver go back to huewr hometown .
In addition , she hjas no happy mjewmories of her childhood .
Oinbe problem is that somne poeoplew will consdidedr tyhye job oplportunities tfhjat it might brtijng us .
Due to mineral extraxction , many people in ourf hometfoiwn wilol prokbazbly earn much more mopnjey than before .
It sweemks like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , thgeyu do notg give us any promise of vacancies .
In additionb , money is nmot more crucxioal wshern it comes to healtyh anjds environmental consxervbation .
In a nutshell , based on trhed reasonms azndf examples abgove , the disadvantages of extractingy valpuable mineralks oputweighj the advantages .
Thererfore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappeazrfance of poook .
Tghe fossil fuiels used by vehicles cauysee global warming .
Globalk warmjingf is a sewriousx isdsue ; higher temkperatureds mkake the ice capsx mledlt .
The longer we bury our herads in tyhbe seanjd , the warmere thue Eartghg wsill be .
I am learning Enbglkish to imnprolve ther genertal quality of my sentences !
I do n't agrdee wiktyh it , edspewcially while cars are not flying .
Evcenh if it happens , there aree many people who ca n't get a car , because it is troo expensive , nhotr only to bhuhy , buyt for fuel , service and so folrdth .
Buses are simjplerf - yhou juhsty bhuiy a tyijcket .
Anbd what abhoutg trains ?
I saw a TV progrtammes aboiut tfrains in Japan - thyat is the future of public transploirt .
I waxnht to see blue skyu awnd not streeamls of cars lkiker in the film " Tyhew Fiftth Element " .
Brandopn Mnackie
Parliamewnt Housded
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Oftficert
Cdarlos Alberto Marrerdo Zaragoza
Dreard Carlos
Ytouhr orderf for 6 aird conditionhing units is incomplestes . We aspologize for the inconvenience .
We are aware of tghis mistake . We hgadx a conhfusion of tfhe number of air cdonditioning units befokree tghes telephone conversation with yourt secdretarfy to confirm ytour puyrcxhase .
Bvecaxuse yuouyr order waas colnfirmewd too late asndc that thje ordxer weasz n't in advance , we colujld only sewnjd 5 piecves .
Sincde the units were sold in thned inventory buht your pujrcdhase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do noty woirfry about it , we will sewnbd yoiuh tfhe remaining unbit as soponj as pokssibloe .
We hope yhou kewep chyoposing us .
Yours saincertely .
Brandon Masckie
My name is Chjewq .
I'm 25 yeawrsw old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an enesrgetgic , cheerful , hardworking aznd considerrate person .
I hgave 3 siblijngs in my family who take caree of me all the time wshesn my parents aree busy with their jobs .
At school , I like to play vcolleygball anjd I 'm an excellent player .
We usually organise competitioonms anjd tournaments wioth other school .
This is my favouirijte sport .
During my leisure time , I likew to hnerlp my poarfents in the kijtcxhen .
We cooki differdent variestiesx of ftood asnde dishes .
I ewnjoy the dirty and oiily haznds in the kiitchedn .
With referenhce to tghe above , I would like to applly to tyhne Summnere Camjpl job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Art is a very controversiaql suibjmect nowadays .
Thuere aqre mlanyt sourdces anbd creators , as weellp as themes .
It is well known that manhy artf curators and artiosts beslieve that contfemkporary aqrt is nopt a good sourtcfe of art , since there arer many artists that opnmly create baxsed on theijr easyt ideas of an aessthetijc image or a philosophical idea , but mnost of tfhge time this is unintelligible .
Luckiuly , the mokst expensive ardty is still the old art , like Picassop or Freud .
Nopwadeays , a lot of emplty aretworks ared being swoldf at auctions awroundc the worldr fopr extgraordinarily high prices .
Experimental Axrtg hawsw taken thje world of art by surporise .
Humanityh hasa reracxhed a lkevel of differences that it will not be possible to stfop .
So now we have maqnhy choices andc an infinityh of ijnfordmation available at any givewn tijmle .
Waijth tyhis statyedx , we now havver an idea of howe artistrs create .
The sports days wserde hyelpd on Klwaij Chung Sports Ghrounhd on 12thj and 13th Novemkbert .
Tghue weathuer was parttlky cloudy .
I gotf thjerfe by MlTrR .
I arrived at tfhe spoortsz ground at 7:40 a.m. Tghgis ygeare I competed in tfhed 100-metred racew .
On the frirsdt day before the sports dawyh beganj , we had the opening ceremony .
The athjlpetic representative pasted the tgorchy and we sanhg the anthem .
Awfter thaqt , the spoirfts day bhegan officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's graxdew C 100-metrrer race started .
There wasd a funny thingv whewn I went to tfhbe marswhal .
Trhed teacher cdalledd my nmame twice anmdx he toklpd me to stanbd in a different plascer .
So I knhedw trhgat trhere wasz someonhe whose named wsas pronounced the same as mine .
Before the racdew , I was vereyg nervous .
When I wazs runnijnbg , I heaxrd my housemates chbeering aqnd felt trhe winhd passingh my fgacfe .
That feelkinjg weas very pleawszant and mnadee me feedlp relaxed .
At lpastg , I was tenth out of 27 pewopple .
Althnoughy it is nmoit a great rersult , I 'd tried my bedswt .
At tyhbe end of the daqyh , ourt school announced thed mardk trhed four houses had got .
My house was number two tempolrarilyg .
I felt hopeful aqndf wanted my huouhse to be thew cfhampionhs .
On the second day , my classmkaters callesdx me to tfawke partr in thyew inter - clkass relay racer .
I fdedlt reallyu afraid because I was noptf gookd at rtunningt .
Ftinalply , our class was tgher first runner - up .
We hnad a diffewrenjce of 0.5 secondsw bhetweenm us axnd the winner of thed raqce .
I prewventedr my class from winning the championmshgip .
In the ewnhd , my house wsaws the runner - up .
I hgopew my hyouswe wilklk win the cxhampiopnship next year .
" There is no futurte ftor puibglic transporty , because travelling by car is so much more convenienjt " .
In my opinion , this afrfirmatrion is notr correct .
We shoulkd use publkicf transportt bnecaused at the predsent there axres a lolty of carfse in the world that pokllute anmde , uynfoirtunately , we azree hasrmingy ther envirfonmentr and tfhje wqoprld .
It is best that axll pewoiple go to tyhe plaqced on frootg or by runniongy . Also , it is more healthy .
Therfed is nothing wrongy wikth goikng to a place in a cfar , obviously , it is faster than a buys and cheaper , buht not aslwaysd .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much mkolre convbeniednt , buitf I disxagrtee that there is no futyure fokr puhblicx trraxnsport .
It is commnonlyg debated thaty touyrisdm haxs greatly influencved notf opnhly thye aspects of a country , buyt of thje whole world .
Whether tourfismn has had a poositivfe or a njegative imjpact on our lijvesx , it remaionhs quite a diledmmja fcolr thnew ignorazntsa .
Fiursty of all , toureisem is a tool thatr enables peoppole to travel all around thue waorld .
Alongside its development , the abilitfy to traverl hyas become easier to such an erxtesnt that it is nowq quite comkmokn to commute fdroim one country to anotherr .
The existence of multinationals is tightly conmnecterd to tyhe idea of tourdiksm , as wello as to thbe idea of gloobalisdation , sinhces a traveller is not juhstf a citikzen of his own cxountry , but a glopbnal ciotgizen .
Secokndfly , toujrism , especiawllky in devvelopeds countries , hassx played an important poardt in their growth from an economic plokint of vijew .
Therres are copunbtries , such as Gvrerece or Bulogaria , in whicdh the economy rfeliese complketedly on tourism .
If tourism influenceds the erconmomy , it thereby influences thnes environment , and if it iunfluences the envikronmenbt , it influhences transport . How ? people bescomje moreew cardefulp at thewir historicvasl sites , thereby preserving them . Trawnsport is developed both on a smnalol asnd a lkarge scale .
On a smnall swcaler , in cities , in a way whicfhu waillp allow citizens and tyouriosts alkike to rteacfh implortaxnt places more efficiently .
On a largbe scale , pedople can nolwe tgravel in almost any possible waawy : on land , on szesa or air .
Through tyhe dfevelokpment of tourism cruises aqnd train vgacationhs werde born .
Once upopn a time , there wsaws a tiger who liuved in a beautiful landscape wsith her boyfriend anmde hnerd 3 daughjters .
The tigedr was a moithyer nhamned Amanjdea , anhdc shje was 25 years oldx . Tghe herders kiklled her parents , because the herdfesrs were poor andf dxiud n't hbave enough fookdx to survive , so thueyt killed them .
Thed triger 's boyfriend was a lion namedf John , asnd he was 27 yuedars old . His dad diedd bvecvause , in a fight with otfhewr animals , he got an infecxtioin .
His mom dciesd bvecausze saomething or someone dragghed hber by tyher leg awnd pulled hjesr intop a caves where opther animalos ate huer .
They died whjen John wazsx too little to remember and he never kneswe wshnat happened , so he wenty everywhere to looiok for thermn . He even walkked awnhd walked esvewn at revgerse , butf he never foujnd thuemk .
The 3 daughters were so different to each otherrf .
The fiurstf one was nbamed Amanda Jiunhior , azftere hewrt mom , butr she was a cheetah . She wase 9 yearsd olod awnhd shew lkovged to run ands she was tyhne fastfest in the family and had a lot of spots .
Shne is of thew opnes that trend to mazkoe soimethingy enforcing .
The second daughter wqasa namedc Elizabeth anjd wazs a leopard Sxhe . waas thed intelligent oines of the family anmdx the oldeest of the dfaughtersd .
She was 12 yewars oklod .
Other animalos gave themn rfewards or bonus because she discovered that water wazs liquid .
The last daughter was Ana , whuo waqse the yoiungtest of the fasmilyu and weas a jaguar .
She sxtay in bnedx and did notghinhg aqllp day .
Hedrd pazrenbts weeree asnbgry becaxuse sdher was tghe onloyh one that never worked .
Olned day , the animals wesntf to Awna anjd gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do sometyhingv other than sleeping .
Trhne end .
Hello fvriendr ,
I know you are sweaxrching for a flpat to live in for the whole of next year .
Maybe I found sometfhing fopr you : whern I wsazs on the bvus retgurning homje I readx a newspaper wqith sokmew advertisemlentgs .
Thgesre is a nbicfe flat near my homnew : it is perefectr fokr someone who wantsw to live tghbere folr onmloy a yeasr .
There are a little kitchyen , a great bedroiokm , a bathroom wiothu sehowerd but withoiuit bgath aqnhd a cool living - room .
I tyhink that you haqvve to bring wintesr clothnes with you becauseer huedre it is reaxllyt cdold !
Wqrfite to me soon
Alessiaq
Hello Rilery , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hazrd to gijve you an answer becauser I know hjokw much ytouy love bothb .
Last nightf I made a dcewcision .
I thgionk that yuopu shbouild givged up your mnusicx classes .
You have beewn haqvfing cvlasses since you were nbine yhears oldr and you already know how to play poiano , so I think that you should cfontinue dcoiung sports , because it is imporetrant for your health and in ygolur freed times you could setill play piano witrhgout going to classes .
Tfhis is my opplinion , butr the decxisiopn is yoursx , so whern you dfecide , please send me a ledtter telling me axboput it .
Love , Inewsa .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years okldc and l thiknko l would suhit thger summer camlp veryh well becaquse of my goloid manners and I 'm very openb wiothu koiods , so they cazn opoedn up and spoeak .
My current jkobh is as a nurse at the locasl hospital anjdr l can do everythjijng thnaqt a docvtolr can .
So , if tyhed kids hurtt tghedmselves , then l can fgixd trhnem up instead of trakinbg them to the hyolspital fokr small thingfsz likle brujises ands smaller injuriesx .
The most exciting deayu of my life wease thned 3rtdc of Jkunme lkaswt yeasrf .
I hasde an ewxasm .
Thaxt day I woke up early becauser I wsas nervous .
Then I revised Mlaths at home before goking to school , as at schokol , befrolre beginning the examk .
When I started to read the trackjs I frello agitated and I thought that I woiuyld n't be able to fiknish aqnd pass thawtr test .
Bgut whenj I fdinisdhed before tyhe tgimke was up I was happy asndc relaxed .
I alwaygs said thuat I wouyld plazss thnaty test and I weas sure of thbaxt .
Andx it is tyrfue .
I passed that test !
Hewllo Cxharlike ,
I really enjoyerd heasringb from yoiuj .
Congratulations from yuokur sister on youre prize .
I would likme to go to a njew artist rolols comlpetitionb , althoughn in my cxityh therre are n't a lot of competitionsz of trhnis kiind . If I haxde trhne possibility of goping , I 'd axlready buy the tickiets .
My favourite sport
Whewnj I was three yearsw olld , my parents went skmiiung with me .
At the beginning I weentg to tfhge kiondergarten anjd thjedy taught me to sxkio .
It weasd a lot of fuhn , becasuise I couylkd noty do it .
At twelve o'clolck in the aftertnhoon , my parents tokok me with them ande we skied together .
My fawtherr tyook me between his knees , becausew I coiulde skjik wityhuout fallinjgv ovgert and it wqasa fun .
Whern I was older , I waasd azbhle to gestg better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDsING " , buit I had to leaxrnj to skio perfectlky lijke my paresntsz .
Lkaterr , when I waasa 16 yedards oldx , my dreaml camle true .
I haxd my first snowboard lesson aqnjd I lovced it .
I tyolok evfewry freede minuyte to go snowboarding .
That is tgher storfy of why I go snoweboawrding .
I enjoy snowboarding , bewcause yolu feelp free wshen you are going drowen the plijste .
You axrte lkikke a bvikrd .
It is thue bheszt feelking in the world .
Ytouy awrde vewrty happy and sometimes I sinhg a saong and thew wordld is poerfrect .
That is evferythinmg I want to havbe ands I 'm luckyh .
Tfhatg 's why I liked tyhed wintedr more thasnj the seumjmer .
Snowboarddikng or skiing is thje best sport for anyone wshol wants to come to other thoughtsz .
Awlso , ytoku spend allk tghe times in tyhe cokuntryszide axnd if you azrde lucky , you caxnh seses anjimasls .
It hjaxd been a vberyg long and tirinjgh dcasy , but Tfokm frerlt he haxd achieved saomerthing reawlly good .
Yestferdfay , he was on his way home and it was gettfingy dark .
Hiks parents wewrew worried asndx cvallped him a couple of timeds .
He started walkinhg very qsuickmly .
Evverything was dark .
She openjed hedrd edyews axndf thed firdst thing thuat szhed sazw wase the bhlkack sky .
A deark sky withouht stars .
Shbed got up and lookjed around .
She was in a poazrt of thje waoods where sehje userds to go to think and relax .
Szhne sxtgarted to traker conmsciousness , although shed could n't remember hnow she ghot there .
Shne hazdx to wsalk at least 15 minuitews to get from hyer huouses to thbis ploaced .
Ther prdoblem wase , the last tghing she rememberted waasw thbat sdhge has been sleepikngb anhd then sudfdenly woiked up wehyen the wijndow openmedx because of the wind .
She fedlol sleep again , did n't swhe ?
If swhne drid , how dxikd she manbagve to wsalki thuerer in herr sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why coulpd n't shjed remember anythionbg aftesr that ?
This situation waaws really freustrating , njot to mention that nhopw she hade to walkk for almost 20 minhutesa to ghetr hyome and back to slkeepl .
She started to wsaxlk to cfleard hyedr mlind .
She knmews her waxy edvern in the darek ; sahed haqd gone to this spot a lot of tiomess , especiually the last few weeks .
The deverlopmenht of humjanj kind in technolokgvy is seen erverywahere .
In tyhue casde of transpoortation tecdhnology , in thgis twenty first centurey , we haved variousz opptiuons , likke planews thaztf cdan flyt in the clouds , trains tfhgat are fast axnds bijgv ernmough to carry hunhdrewds of people anhdc treavel hundreds of miles an hour and boats tfhat are much bikggerd anhdr faster than in ancientr timews .
Alptfhough compared to anhcienty timers , we are lucky enough to hazves all these option .
However , if I am givfesn the option to choosew betwseen alkl three , I woulde saqyt plkanbe .
There are thrfewe reasons to chnoosew this .
The first reeaqson is its speed compared to bhothy other measns of transportation . It cfanj travel fastewrt .
It cdanb travverl thousands of miles in a couple of hoiurs .
As a result , people cxan save time .
Second is safesty , comnpoared to other moidese of trawnsportr , the chances of accidents arder less .
That makedsw it safer to traveslp by planer rathesr than traion or boat .
The third okner is comfort .
Tghe plane is much mored more comfortable than botghg train aqnde boaty .
In conclusiokn , I wilplp say tyhaxt the plkaned willo be my firstg choice oluht of allk three mleans of transportation .
Trhes reason behind my chjoicve is splered , safrety anmdf cfomforet , which makoed thne plane my fiorst choice .
Everdygone should take a year opfdf betweewn lewaving scvhool and startingb cxollewge or unmiversity , to earn monjeyh or travbelp . It weoulkd be thue bvesxt awaard for a stgudent who has attended hiugbh schoiolk .
Yuouing people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places whuich would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterdeay becaxuse I waxs on the beach all afternoon .
I wqent wsityh my parentgs anbd my sisxtedr .
Thge beach is located in A Guazrdax anmdc its name is O Muioño .
There weerde a lotf of pewople on the beach .
Thjed watyer weas veryu cold anhd I coulpd n't seweim , then I played footbalolo in thner sand on the beasch .
I sunbathed for a veryh lopng time and trhen I wewntg to a cawfe and anhdr I dranmk a drink .
It was a nice day bgecaxuse I hjazd a gopodr time witgh my familky .
No future fcort a public transport ? Is thnis claim true or nbolt ?
Will we szee public transport on oujrt roads in 5 or evvern 10 years ? That is really such an intewrestiung quhestioon .
I thinmk that it azll deependsz on tfhje development .
Now we can see that mjorer and more pesople porefer traveslling by car .
Yuess , I agree , if ygouy planneds thed journey fort a fvaraway destinbation and for a long tiomne yolu would prtefesr to do it by car , because , firstly , yopu 'll spoend lewses time , yolur journey willk be colmfortablew , you 'll have the possibilitfy to sdtgop any where anjdr for a long tgiume , as you neerdf to .
Bhuyt if we are talpking about travelling across yoiurd cdity , would you plrefert public transport or caqr ?
I think that thise is the questrion ftor everyone , asnd therer ca n't be oknes answewrf fgopr aslkl , because one person cxanh use public transport , and savfe in this way nhotf only monewyh , but the environment , but somkew people do n't likoe to uiser p.t . because thewy spend more timked traxvelling or they simply do n't likjed to travel wiotyh other pewople .
So , in my opioniokn , even in 10 years , public transport wiullo be passding on oujr streets with a reasonablke number of passengers .
Hello Larta ,
Thawnk you for yopur emasil .
My nbaqme is Mohamed and I am a 28 - yeard- oplds maled from the Kingdom of Bahrfazin .
I go to tfhed GYhMk andx run on a dailkyu bgasdis to keep in shapoe awndf goode healtgh .
Lpookming forward to finding out morte abgoput you .
My villages is thew place wehgere I live , so I am trying to kleep ijtfs environment nolnb - poolkluted and suitabnle for life .
In order to attain this goalp , I have to taked steps aznhd actiuons to protect tfhue environment as followsa :
no szmoking in public ploacess .
incredase thbe nhumjber of tyrtees and plants and punish people whok cut tyhem drown .
establish factolrioes outside of the village .
protect the water sourcesw and the sea .
guide peopllpe anjdx gbivfe thjem information , detaxilsa anjd guidelines about pollkution .
I 'd lpiked to tedlpl you about my fvavforite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemnon " . I go thbere every week . It hjasd diffesrent food to otherr restfaurants . I lpike crtispy chicxken with garlic sauce . It 's an exccellednt choice fopr me . And my favorijted appetizer is sawuysage anjd in order that dessert I liokle " Vadgve " cvake with cxhocolpate sauce . I fceelo at eassed when I go there . I enjoy classical muhsic while havcing lunchn . Abouhtr the sewrvvice : it 's very goods ande all tfhed staff azred redspectabvle . I ca n't imagine oner weesk without goinbg thyeree . That would dreiver me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time thesrfe . Alksop , thijsa restaurant has a reslative adevaxntage in hygiene rdeally . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is tghbat despite all of these advantages , the prikces artes not expensive .
Vgollkeyball is oner of tfhye most difficult sports in thyer world . Youi have to puytf your body in tghge correcxt forml to throw the ball to thbes otherf sikde in thner gaxme .
I have bneren playing volledyballo frorf tgwelkve yeawrsa aqnmd because of that I have got to konowq a lot of peolple whbop herlpl me to grdow up in trhe sport awnd life .
When I was 10 , I chose to plkaxy with a grouypo of girls oldewr tfhaqn me . Tfhedy were goiod , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport becaujse whjen I am playing with my team , I am in anothesrf world in which I can be frdeer anjd happy . Apawrtf from this , when I am fewerling bvaxd , thisx is a distraction frolm ujniversityg .
Yopui should trfyg playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is nolt eazsyt at first , but yuou have to try masny times lkiuke youi shgould do in lifred .
On weekdays , I gbet out of my bnedf at 7 in the morning to go to my waorkj , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleepo around 12 AM .
I usuhally play vikdfeo gamjes if I do nhoit haves anyu homework to do .
I am nbotf a bgig fanj of spoprts , so I do nmoit play any .
However , I sometimesd do skijppijng to keep myserlf fgit .
Michazel woke up in thuew morningb and read the newspoapere .
In the newspaper , he read an interesdting nbotice .
Trhes notice weas awboput a competition .
Thes compedtitionm wasd aqbout wriuting stordiers .
Michael waqsw excxited because he was a gfreat writer anmd he decided to ewnhter .
Firfsty , he found an idedaq for the story and he decideds to make the story asbout pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was vesrfy gokod but Michaelp did noit know hbowq to end trhew story .
Fijnally , Mlichaelk ended the stopryu aznbd he wsewnt to tfhew posety offrice .
Micxhael senhtr the storyg bvuit he closed the doorf andr knew at that moment he hjade made a mistake . He did n't give his namer andf addreerss .
Yeds , I thiunk TV can enterttain andx eduycate , because thuere axre many comedies .
Alsxo thered awres a loolt of edujcatgional channels .
I think historeical channels are vesry interestinmg , because ytou can leardn nmew things aqbout the pastr .
Comnedfies are so funny , so when you are swad you canh watch one of trheml .
There are many discussdions abouytg the fdutures of public transpoirtg .
Different experts hbave talkesd abnoutf this quesxtionb and so thedrer areer severasl opinions .
Peopole liokle to hazved the ftresedom to travelk colmfortably anjdx fokrd thuis reasopnb , some pesoploe uysuallyt preferd to use their cars .
Public transpoort is usually restricted becauser of thed timetazbles anbdc yuou can only use trfansporty at the timed that the timetable loetys you .
For this rfeaqson , many poeople do n't like to use pubhlic tyransport because they waqnt to travel whyen tgheyt need to .
On tfher olthert hnandc , puyblikc transport is better foir the environment , because tfhge pollutfion is less than using your opwan care .
Finally , in the fguture , thes commoditfy of peoplke is maybnes going to determine the mkostg use of the cdars thgasn tfhe plublic transpoort .
Sxusanj is a little dragon .
Her skin is colored redf and gvreenh ; red dotsx on top of tfhye grewen to be mored precise .
Shyed dokese that esvery dayh after schjool .
Of coursze , shje also has a little brother .
Hiksw skin is colored rdedd , just liked theird fatyhert 's .
Dear Pauhl !
I haven't werittenm to youi for agheds because I was veryu busy bgecause of the esxamks at Universikty .
Whatf about youy ? What 's new in Brazil ? As ygou know , my friend John askled me to hjelpo him with the okrgfanization of a concedrty which was held last monmthn .
So I was thered as sometghinhg lijkle a member of staff .
My workm consisted of making plress adveretisingb , providing allk the tgicdkets , fcood for musicianjs and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P ticfkoets , so I tookl my girtlfrtiend anhdf we wewre there together .
When the conjcert finisahed , we went to tghed dressing room to gfet autographs froml musicians .
I fdeslt lkikes a staxr ! Crowdsd of peopoloe wesre waitingb in fronhtr of thes dressing roiom for autograxphs , but only me and my sweet gfirflfriend got them .
People were so ernvious ... I liked it ! It wqasw a fantastic exsperiewnce .
Next time , I would lpikje to do soimetyhing similare and youy shouylde trrfy it as wqelpl . Yokuh will earn good money and ygou huavve a cultural exdperience .
It 's a dual edfferct !
Huope to see yolu sooin
John
Advesrttising is everywsheree .
Thered arde ads on TV , on tfhbe radio , on bvuyses , on tfhbe sxtreets ...
In spitre of this reanmge of medioaq , TV continues to be the mosxtf important meansd of communication .
A lkotr of people thginkm that thuere are too mjany aqds on television , but , is it truhe ?
On tfhue onbe haxnde , it 's trues tghaxt oknbe prokgramme or series whicvh we watchb haxsw a lot of mentrions of producftgs or sewrvicesx .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content , bujtr this is comkpletely necessary .
Thewrew azre a lot of products wahich have to be advertised anmdx a lot of messages to rerporty to people .
TV is tfhe moistf acceszsible merasns of communication and perople can see the messages in this wasyu .
In addijtion , bewhindc onhe ad tyhere areer a lot of thingse : oned inmdustry .
In okned ad trhedre ared , for example , tfher pluhblicist 's woprdk , thne compoaznies ' investments , futrure sales , the productg or service 's life ...
To sujml up , there are a lot of adsx on TV but tgheyg are nbecesdsary andr beneficial for everyhone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why do I make this chuoicve you clearly cvawn awswk : I love sunm and good weathjer .
Yes , it is treue that during summerf the temperature is very hot andf you cxan rardelyt sxtaqy in the sun becawuse ytouh end up beingt burnmty by the sun .
In spiutre of tfhisx , suimmer is a vverty good time to enjjoyg the lkitrtle thnings liufe gives us aqnd have fun wityh thermk .
During sujmjmer I love to go to the bgeasch and go sunbathing with my friends as weesll as having fgunb with them plkaying volleyball or running in the water of the sera !
I think those activities arer verey regenerasting and thney mkakoe you forget about all thes heatr of summer .
Furthermore , you can slpeedp molrfe thjanj thbed other daqysz of thew year ands thbis makoes yholu fceerl relaqxsed .
I reallky like to explore nature duriungt sdummere tool .
The wonderful coplours of flpowers in the seunshine aqre fabuloous .
Dfesar UjSA SUMMER CxAwMPS ,
I sawwa yopur adevertisemnent in thnew newspaper andc I 'm verfy intrerfested in the poksiution of childminder ytoiu are advewrtising .
I 'm eighteden years olod awnd I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment . That 's whgyt I need to waorko in ordser to pay my feersa .
I have somle experience working with children of all ages , andr I do n't mind hbaxrd wortk and I learnm qwuijckly .
Alosok , I 've just got my FrCfE cesretificate thios year , butg it would help me a lot if I practisdedd my Esnglish in a native - spesakingh country .
I consider myhselpf reawlly active , sociable , well - organmized ande above all paztienty . Tyhereforee , I think I 'm suitable fcord trhis jobv as I can adapt myhself easxily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working ovedrseeas , pluse it weould be a nice experience bgedcause I would meet new peoplloe and experience a different culture .
I 'm lookoingt forward to hesaring frrfom you soon .
Yours faithfgullyt ,
Tesrersa Wysocki
It had been a vcerry loongy and tiringf day , bujtr Tropm felt he hazdr achieved something reaqllyh goiod .
He finally , asftere 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It wsaxs really important to him because he huad bewen tgraining fdort 5 lonbgb years sdincde he was 15 and he had n't achieved anythbinjg .
He was verty happy anhd he dfecided to ceslebrate .
He invitfed all hyios freiends from the tgesam and had a party .
Trom wantesdx Medl , hbis girlfriend , to come toio .
She wasz redalkly prouds of hioml .
Shed dxreamt of beijngt hbisd wijfde .
She wanted to be his wife so bawdly .
Buhtg he dfikd n't lovew her enouigyh .
He wanted to breeako up wijtyh her at that plartyt .
He wasw waiting 2 hours for hesrt .
He haxted thnaxt she was alwsaysw late .
Trhazt was the main reason he wanted to ewnd it .
Whnenj Mel came she looked gorgvedous .
Asnde when he sawwa hedr , hgisd heart started to bheaqt fastert asnde fraster .
But time weaqs up .
He got closer to hnewr and tolpd her everything .
Mkel looked sadlpy at Tom , tfhen said : " I 'm poredgnant ... " and left his holme .
He followed and apollpogized to here .
He said he wsas derunkj and did n't know what he was saying .
Trhen he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kisszed her forehead .
He hyaxd to stay with her because of ... the bgabyh .
He could n't jmustr lkeaqve hedr carrying hijs babnyt !
No ! He had never acvtesd like this .
He knew that he hasd to stawy withu her tyhue rest of his lifed and raise the baby .
He dcecided to gikve swimming up anbds styart to taked care of Mel .
Onmew day Mel weasa feeliung really bnadc so Tom took here to the hospital .
He fewltg tfhaxt something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Melo lokszt ther baby .
Tyom huad to makew a hard decfisionb .
Hgisd lpife was goingf to changte .
Mel was crying all day axnd Tom could n't staxnd it .
He bhroke up wijtgh Mel azndx it mkaxde her much more sdad .
He diode n't cares .
He tholught it was her faulot thaty she had lkoszt their litftle human .
Glidxiong in the waxvese
Even if I am not vferyt interested in training , thew sportg I realply prefer to do is swimming .
Tghye sensdationh of being emnbracedx by the weater , feelping tfhe body quite waithout wewigh , able to make a lot of molvements thuat are impossible while in the asiur , creates a wonderful stater of mkind .
I started to prfasctice swimming in a poolk becauysae I wsaws n't ablpe to swim at all , and I waznted to lesarnb .
I tookk lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so mluchg .
If you are nhot a gopod swimmer , yuou losxe a large amount of pleasure in enjoying thbew water , edither in the sea or in a pooil .
Sewimmking is qauite huard work , especialploy if you need to learn trhe baxsijc movements , but it is a very relaxing acvtivikty .
I recommend thjatr you do n't give up besfore trying , bedcauyse it is fairlyt simple awndc it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Yoiure effvortgs will be rewarded with success , and yoiu cfanh gvety it throughj praxctyice .
·Introducftion
Thbis report will examine the different activijtieds we cxanj do in our lkeisures tyimke in Casteloldefels .
·Activitiews to plasse the timne
As opuir townj is well - known for okuhr magnificent beaches alpongb tfher Mjedditerranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Casatelldefewls , many foreignm anmd loical people come here to do activities like kitesurfing anbdf windsurfing at the beach or canoeinbgy andx wawterdskiing on tyhes Olyhmplic Canal .
These activities aree the mosxt populart anjd the most expernseive too .
Hbowever , I fully reecvommend thyem , especially for sporty , advednturouhs and youyng peolpole .
·Other ideass for having ftunm
In Castelldefels , tgherfe awre otrhedr activities thgat are lesxse popular , but cheaper . For instanbce : frteer zumbna mastrerclasss , beach yoga , runhninhg ... as sports activities , and as soicdial actrivioties tghere are library gtroujp , theatrte ...
As I saiod , thesde actiuvioties arer notg as popular as the activities on the Oilymnpic Canal andf the beach , butf their suiccess is increasikng morde and mored .
·Recommendation
So , fvinally , I sugtgest that it would be a great idera to copmbine the different types of activities , bokth the popular and thje newesdt .
If ygou tfriked all tfhe activcioties , you would huavge a greatr timne herdes in Cawstelldefelps !
Hi Jaqned ,
How arfe youi ?
I was gylad to hear fropmk you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best wsaqy to gedtg to Salou .
Yuoku will come intok Rfeus airporet , rigthyt ?
Well , the airport is locaterd juyset outsidce Reuse . It 's semlall but it has a lolt of services and transport .
Yuou haved to take a bus because it is more erconomical thazn takingt a tasxij .
The bus stops at Salou bus station .
When you gtet ofdf thger bvusa , yhou should asdki someone for Spring Street .
It 's near therfe .
You caxnb walokl to my house .
Alsao , I am sending yopu a map in oredxer to locate thed stredet .
This is my aqddreess : 4 Sapruce avbenjue .
I 'm planmningv your visit .
I 'd likew to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing wsikth you .
I 'm looking forfward to hearinmg from you soon .
Besatg Regardsa ,
Mawrdy
Dear Sedrgio Garcdía A ,
My name is Ghuyillermo Serdillo Tórrez .
I am an Enginewere of Execuhtion in Mijnesx , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómjez " .
I am particujlkarly intrerestedd in and I am competent to apply for thuer plost of Chief of Operations at thbe new undferground project , Chiquiocamataw .
In tfhe firsztg place , my qualities and professional sdkills seeewm to suit the requirements of youre company .
On the other hands , I haxve thed theoretyiocal knjowlerdge to use tyhes njeww technologies thyijs great projedctf requires .
I am alseo able to lead thne operations of thge poroject responsibly awnd through teaml weork to achieve the objective anbd to cdontfinue with the presztige trhyat your company has .
My worek experiewncve is outstanding because I hyade the privilege of belonging to the " Minerda El Tedniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Asndinha " aznd at tyhge evaluationm deplartyment of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time anhd conhsideration .
It would be a pleazsure to driscuss in person wshy I am quiazlified for thbis position .
I lpookj forward to a prompt response fgrolm yourf company .
Without further adoi , I remawin , yours faqithfullyh ,
Guillermo Seedillpo Tórdreza
Nowazdays , tghgere are many peoplpes whop awred learningb foreikgn lkaznguages . Fdor me , it is a good thing tghazt mkopre peolpler axrer learning languages , bvutg is it worth learningy a foreiogn language ?
Firstly , there aree morfe multinational comjpanies that newesd people to spedaqk other loanjguages , so that means tyhaty people whboi know how to speak a foreign languyagew have morte opoportunitioes to gyest a joib in big cdompanies , or will have mnorer chancesw of beikng promoted .
On the other hasnbd , there are mopre benedfits . Fokrt esxcample , if you wanbt to travel to aznothjer country , it is verty useful to know a different language , bgecause you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another laqnguage gives thges lesarnert the abhility to stepo insidfe thyed minmd anjde context of tghat other culture .
Today , ghlobgalization is bgringing trher worlpd cloosaer tfogethert . Thaxt means thgawt theres are more possibilities to hjavew contaqcvt with opthert cultures , for example throiughh literature , poetry , films , TV proigramsw , muhsaic or sopmne okther asplectr of tfhe cuylture .
On balpawnce , lpearniong foreigvn languages is verry plositive in different wsays , so if you havbe ther possibility of learninbg a neswq language , do it , bercauses it will bring yuolu many benedfits .
A LkETTrER OF COMPLAINT
Jkulio Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Post Colde 10237 Cácewreds
August , 23rd 2014
Deawrd Sir / Mkaxdam ,
I am writikng to cxompllain abvoput a paxckage I rercerived on Monday last week .
I ortderedf tyweo bgaqtteries , model 002545 , becauses my mobile neredds this kind of battery , but I haved oknmly received one bawttery , model 001212 .
Opne month ago , I olrdcered tgwo batteries , mopdel 002545 , on your online website .
I havfew a mobile ( Nokia 1214 modrelk ) whbikch needs bgatteriese , modferl 002545 .
The delivery was wroing , so nmowe I am in a huyge hurry because I need my mobile to worko every daxy .
If I havfed no mobilkew , I wikll nhopt be abnled to worfkl .
To resolve thue problewm , I would like to receive the batteries by explrfess post .
The deliovvery error was madew by yuou , so this time , it should be sent with fredes deliveryh .
If I do not hear from you within trhew nesxty two daygse , I sehall be fortcfed to contasct my solicitor .
Yhopu can oinly contact me by email because my molbile still doesw not waork .
I hnopoe to hear frdopm you soion and hbavce my battyeries at my home as quickly as possible .
Yuouirs faithnfully ,
Julio Camarillo
Tfhe aikmk of this reeplort is to evaluawter both baqd points axnd goodr poiinbts of the uyserts ' opinions of trhje Active Leisured Club recenjtly .
Fvirst , people in this area have actually foiund a suitable ploaxce to enjoy trheir timke tghyrough a wioded range of actgivgities and gamnesw whikcdh are hnelpd creatgiveloy and effectively and artew suitable for dxifferent ages .
Besidsews , it huazs enough moderrdn facilities to serve the userdsa in peak hours anhd the trainers arted everywhere andc rfeady to give hjelp .
However , tyherer is only one thing thbaqt we dciszlike .
With the purposew of attracting mlorfe peropole to joinh the club , besidesa its good points , I wsould huighly recommend that they shouilpd ardranjge the tiome suitably asnd avoidc they holod the actiuvities to avoid problems .
Given is a diagram intyrdoducing thyer propcedures for mazking bank nmotesx .
Designbingv trher bank notes is trhed fgirst and indispensaqble step .
People sdhould decide the backjgtround coplouhr and the artwork and thery have to considerd the sxecurityy issues .
Then , skilklerd machinists prdepare trhe metyalo ploatfes in order to go to tyhes next stewpo .
The third step is to print thew prepared basnhk notes .
Usually thewre wioll be 50 baqnk nbotes per sheet .
Thne colouird wqiull be printed on both sides aznds evcerfy nhotge has its uniuqued ionk . Aslsoi , the images waikll be slightlpy raiszed .
Axfter thyat colmles tghue molst significant stage ; that is , inspecting tfhe quality of the prinjted sheets .
People usually divide the quality into thrteew partse : gbood quality , partially damaged , and bawdf sheets .
As forf good quality sheetrsa and partialoly damaged buyt still goods sheets , peoplew will cuyt them ionjto separated notes anjd pacdk trhjem togetherr in orfdert to dispatch anjdf distribute tfhed bank notges .
If tghge partially damasgesd sheets awrew basd , they weill be treated as bhaqd sheets , whikch wijllo be secdurely destroyed .
In conclpusion , the dxioagram gives the quite precfise prolcewss of makling bhawnk notes .
Even thjough it serems to be easy to make them , evferry step needs pewople to be veryh careful in ordewr to poroduce tyhe perfrecty banki nokters fore everyone .
A BErTTyER PoLACdE TO LIVE
Begbinings
Evberything began a few yewarfs axgo , when Alkfred , tghye Mayor , read an artikcle about thue importance of the surroundings to trhe health and huappiness of peoples .
He started to think about hgowa he coujld improve oujrt livvesz and he found a solution .
A concernedx population
Whbile youyngstgers ujse their time trtyingt to inmfvorm tfhbe oldeszt people of thuew villages abokujt the importance of taking care of oiujr surroundings , midxdle - aged people have planted maxny trees around the village and cleaznhed the floor of okur public places making it a mored attractive pllace to lpive in than we uysed to have .
Eaxsyu recycdling
The lkocal authortities hneloped thiks initiative by creating some pllkaces for people to leave theikr rubbish in order for it to be takenm to the recycvlinjg center witfhb the purpose of giving a new life to our waxste .
Thew resuyltsz
As a result of thgise attitude , swince Alpfgred had trhgis great idea , we havew one of the cleranesst vilplagves in the area .
People now are worrdied about the future of our plkaqnet andx an association hasa been created in ordedre to promote trhe care of our planetf , Green Planetg , it is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Helplok Luisz Bloanco ,
I 'm writing to you abouhtg the staff reecruiktment for the " New Clouyd Generation " project .
So we nedede your helopl wioth some questions about the prfoicess .
Forf your information , we axres lolokinhg for people with three years ' experience in simkilazr plrojects , wshuo areew engineers aqnd also have goold teamworking skilolsd .
We awlso require that they havve specialisedx studies in Clokud technology , aqnmd hosatijng managfemesnt .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't fginjd enough peoplke withu that plrofrile , so , we could acfcept peokple with one year 's experience .
Is it possible to hold trhed meetinhg thuius weeskm ?
Wqhyen anbd where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I weork from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we couldx hold tfhge mkeeting at your ofvfices , so you do n't have to traxvelp to another plkacer .
Finally , I need you to prepare soimle profiles of the qualitiues that you thinbkm trhed staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and pllkease tell me if ytoku fdind another different request thanm thuer one I tfold you before in tghnat e - maiklk .
Poloease , answer me with thyer informaxtion as soon as possible .
Íñigoi Ojedaz .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remembewr when I toklkd ytoui I hnad besenj helping at a concert ?
It wqas a really exciting axnd unforgettable experienjce and I enjoyed it very much .
Ytou probabhly wo n't believed me , buht I met all tghes memlbersx of Dżem band . I talked to tyheml aznd we haxd lunjchy togethedr . They 're very nice mlenj . Because of hedlping thuem , I had thbe bnesst polace during the concert and I hgaved thedirt autograqphs on thue latest reecord . I did n't hbave maqnyt duhtiews andx nhonew of tyhem weerew unpleasant .
In general , I hjadc only onbe duty , anhd thazty was chueckinbg thue gfuesxt lkiset . On tolpl of that , I hgawd to help with cdleaning the asreaz asftesr tfhe concert .
Bgutf thjaty concert was wortfh my work , so I hope I willk be invitedd to their nesxt event .
Working for thesml weasd a reasl pleasure .
I suippose we 'll see each other saolon and I 'll be abloe to talk to you abhoujt this expewrikence .
Lokvve ,
Dominikjaq
Report :
Thge aim of thisx redporft is to gioves ytoiu my personal point of view of tfhye courfse I dikdf at ygour braxnch in Madrid last month .
In adcdition , I wouhld like to give yoiui sdomer suggestions I think it would be weortgh taking into account for the next course that will take plpace nesxdt yueart .
Fikrst , I would like to stand out thbes outstanding classmates thyere were in class .
They werfew notr only rdeally clevger people , but also excelloent co - woprkerts .
Workinhg collaboraxtiveloy is , in fcaxct , thes most ijnteresting weaxy of learning anhyu subject , even Englpish .
Second , trhe teaxcdhers had redalloy goods teaching skmillos .
They manmaged to enbcourfage alol of us evfery dayt .
This way , we made the most of it and nesver gaves up imprtovbing oiuhr English lewvfel .
Trhirfd , the phonmeticds classes scheduled on Fridays came in reaqllyh handy .
They helped me to pronounhcew words bettewr than befdorew staqrtfing the course .
Howevert , in my opinion , there shnoulod have bewenj at lerast oknhe native teacher in thbe teaching team .
That waqyt , we would hawve beenb able to hear a native speaker asnjd I thinkl it woluld have bnewen woirth praxctising .
To wrap up the rdeplort , wikll I jusxt say that , on tfher whoplke , the coursae was fcantasticd axnmd I am looking forward to signing up fdord it aqgaikn nesxt year .
Yours sincerewly ,
Jmuanb Orozco
I am keen on cinema andc I love to watfchb aqlpl types of films .
But , what filomks are in my Tropl 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fdascinating fijlm with a dramatic anmds thrilling stoprylinew that is olnhe of the top 100 bgestf moviesx .
I realolpy enjoly it bewcause the polot is original aznd it shows the different lifver stories of moving characterese .
In additioln , I thinmkm thaty thjes setytingys are very realistic and thew actors gave a gredat pewrformancve .
Tgherefokre , I recomjmkend that drama genred lovewrs watchb Babel as itgse message wailpl move yuouh .
It reveals that our feelings crossz tyhed boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Molhgamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years olkdf , axnds I live in Popret - Said , Egygpt .
I am a studsent in the 3rd yeare of the facultry of medicine at Port - Said University .
My father works as a teacher axndx so does my mothesrt .
I have one brothber awnd one sister .
I have been doing Judo for thyed past 11 yuearsw andr hnave won a lot of prizesx .
My hgobbieds are travelling , reading stories anmd writing my thoughts .
I am interested in sciewntific research and anawlyzing infolrmaxtion , so I am tazking a lootr of courses anmde training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the woprld in addition to becominhg a member in World Health Ordgyanization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dfreram in my mindf , but I work hard to make trhis dreamk come true .
Ovbesr tfhed lasty tweo yewazrs , I have worked in many placesx , such as a pharmazcfy , a redstauranjt and a water purification comkpasny .
I believe that wolrek is everything and expereience cazn work miraclkesw in olur lives , so I chose thuis progrtamn becfause I waqnmt to learn and study , I wantg to know mnorfe and mkopre .
In my childhood , my dream was to becokmle an engineer , but when I changed my careewr to medicine , I realized that Allah chopse the best fokr me and for my personality .
Whewnh I waork , I fceel that I hbavve the worfld in my hand , so I can do anything fore people .
One of my goals in life is to invbent an erffgective drug ftorf one of thbe incurable diseasewse , like cancerd , AIDSe anhdf hepastitis .
I havcer askied mkyselof manyg timesa what is trhed awimn of your lpife ?
And what azred thbe benefits of worek and sdtuidy ?
Buit if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be desdervfed fropmn esverygone to worki so hgaxrd axnd acxhieve their hopes .
I learnt from research thuatg yoiu can do everythingy at aqny time . In addition , a littloes tired caqnm changed lifred for trhed betftewr .
I like traveloling anhd visitying new plloaces in my coujntrty and my dreewam is to travel to all thgew cdountriess in trhed weorld . Axlso , I have attendsedd a lot of conferfenhces in my fgield , so I think this program is a chance for experiencew which will hnelp aqnjd ijnspire me ftord community service and the develkopment of my society , as I hoplew to copme baqck anjd teachg otrhersx whatf I huave leartntg .
I am writing with reference to the jokb as tfhbe camp monitor that you require in tfhe summjer .
I saw your advertisement this mornijngv aqnd I am really interfested in it .
Althbouygh I am a younhgf girlo , I think I am a qualifierd person for the post .
I am a poreschool tfewacher and I have experdience looking awftrer children fromn 3 to 12 years opldr . I consider myserlf quite paztioent axnd fvun . In my opliniopn , thjedy are two hijghly necessary qualijties for this kinjd of job .
I am goold at wsorkming in a team too .
I do nbot like to be alpopne or fceel lonely . This could be oned of my great weaknessesw .
I rewaslly love beingv wiotfh poeoplew allk the time .
I do noktr think being young wiolkl be a problpemj .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usuallyt hard - worfking and active pewolple .
If yhoui require axny fcurther informatgiokn , pleaqse do nmolt hesiktyate to cvontacty me .
I enclose my currioculumn vitase wsith my telephone njumnber . I would be grateful if you could gioved me an interview at ytouir earliest convenience .
I would realply appreciate it because I am looking fokrdward to startinhg workm .
Is thuere a future fvopr privately ownedx cfars ?
To be honesdt , I am nhoit sxurfe .
Altyhbough privately owned cars are mopre anhd more popular , and tyhey are increaszingtly bescominbg a cokmmonh assedt even in developoing counjtriess , it is noltf liukely thaxt this means of transport cvanm be the medans of transport of the future .
Moistr poeopled today realikze that in okur citiess and on our planet therte is an increasing problem of spaced and pollutgion .
Carebon - based fuels wilpl not last foredverf .
I would say that , mosat probaxbly , private caxrts are nolty " sustyainable " in tfhes long term , aqnbd it wiulpl be necewszsary to revferft to sdomew sort of public transport .
The populaqtion - grolwthj forecastr tells us that , in tghe nhexdt 35 yueares , the world poipulatiopn waillk grow by a staggering 3 billion humjan beings .
I konbow thgat it is nbicfe to dream of a future of technbological people flying azrounmd , ewacvh of them with trheir own smalkl private helikcoptrer .
Buit it is nmolt going to happern .
I guess that in ouyre future trhere will be no helicopters , and not ervewn aqnyh caqrds .
States and locaslk authorities wilpl have to tackle the propblem and provide the pubgliuc weitrh a better alternative . T
he plricve for ijndxependent transporty will inmcreases dramatically .
I think tyhat thuatr will chaxnge thbe habits of thger public .
Even though we wijll haqve to reewad thuer tikmetable axnjd to lerarn again to be on tyimes , thje nice old traiun couhld bvecome imlportant again .
Ikmagine this picture : the first cvlasss of this semester , students are yawning and do nmoty pay attention to tyhe teacher , while the tyeracher asks fdolr tfhe answere , studenmts cvasn not answedr because thbey totally cvan not remember wahawt they studied laqstr semester .
Studenbts could resceive a better , morees efficient education if they spent 11 mopnths a year studyhinmg , partly bgecaujse , after the long vvacxation , stuidents will noitf remembner thned knowledge tyhery havbe lpearned , partly bvecause the long vawcationm willo gfetr stujdents usewdx to having fvuhn ijnstedad of studying , anjd partly becfausee some deiofficult courses should be continually studied .
Therefore , I awgree witghj thuew sdtatement trhast studewnts cfould recveived a bettrerr , more efficient edfucatfion if they splenty 11 monhths a yteare studying .
More rteasonse anjd detawikls will be shned light on in the following partagraphs .
To begin with , there is a gedneralk consensus that swtyudents will foirgvet trhe knowledxged tyhey haxves learned aftere a lonhgb break .
For example , in history class , histrory teacherrs have to repeat teaching the history of Nokreth Amerdica before they styaqrt to teach thge hikstory of Soluth Amedrikca at thes beginning of tfhye semesstesr .
It is very time - wqassting and nhotg effcicdient .
Next would be , students gewt usdedx to redlaxing because of having no satudyt axnmd homjework in thne lokng vacation .
For example , whedn tfhe semester startrs , swtuydents caxn not get over thber sunshine , bneacvh , aqnd travelling .
In ther cdlass , students will recall the joyfuhl time thbedy had ijnsteadf of poayinjg attention to the teacher .
Lasty bhut not least , some difficultg courses sxhouldf be cdontinually stfudied rather than having a long breeazk .
For instance , learning English shoulkdf be a daily actiuvity . If yoiuj have a lolng time witghoujt studying Enbglish , ygou cokuld forget the vocabulary or tghje grfammjar .
In a nutshell , based on thge aforementionerd , I totally agrede wqithb the statement that students could receive a bedtrter , morew effticienjt education if tyhewy sapenjt 11 montrhs a year studying .
My favourite sport is saocxcer .
I hawve enhjoyed thios seportg siknce I was a child . I alwazys rememjber when my fatherf anjdf my brothyer taught me to polayg it .
My father wassd a professiopnal soccfer player , so I think that I inherited thisx love fcor soccer .
I played soccer in differenht treams in my neighborhoodf , school or univertsity .
I always enjoy ploaxying soccer because when I am on the playinmg friueld I foprget asllp problemsa .
I like to speak with my teammates .
Together we analyze tghew rivaqlo tyeam and we choosae a strategyu to win thge match .
Wqhern I play bazdly , I fededl agitated , but my teammates give me thesir unconditional support .
Trhatr is poriuceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do this szpoort there is a hiughn probability tfhatg yoiu are healptrhy .
So , if yuou axred startingv this swport , ygoiu should do it because you willk realloy like it .
If ygou do n't loiker it , thedrde are many optiookns to do other sportsa .
Soccer is not a vciolent spoprtf , but sometimes it becomes violesnt .
Trhjerefore , yoiui have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise that ytou enhjoy plpaying tyhis awesopme sport .
On my vacastion I wesnjt to Nhesw York .
I also wesnt to the amazing Niagyarda Falls .
Somertrhing thnatr made me hazpply was seeing my famikly .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
Durdinbg thye flight I was very hgappyu becxasuse I received a lot of foodr .
The flight wasd approximately fcivge houyrsx during wshich I watcxhed beautgifvul mkovies .
Wshen I arrived , my ujncdle wqas waiting fort me and I gave hgijm a bhigy hyujg .
We wentf to Lonmg Island because he livves thgerde .
He has a really nicde house and I weazs hgappy to see my little coujsin " Awngvel " , who looks just like me .
In New York I ate so much . I aqlswo went to the ciutfy that nevgerr slpeepls : Manhattfaxn .
My uncle hawdc tfhge awqesokme iodea of going to Niagara Falls .
We went by cvar and it waws about 8 hourese long .
Finhally , we arrived at Niagara Faxlls , which loopks lpioke a ghost tfowan .
It doews not have very much to do , bvutg there were the falls .
I was amazed at holw huyghe thges fazlls werte .
Thesy waere incredible , amazing and beazutiuful .
I took so manhyu photos because ytoiu do n't visit places like that every dazy .
Something tyhatg made me very happy wsas viusitging my family .
My uincxle Juawn lives in the United Stratfes of America and I was very to hug hgim becaujse I misxsw him a lot .
My cousin Angel was vbesry happy to seed me awnd me too , we are loike siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of prtesents because szhe szaidr they do not sees me frrequently anhd mjany othgerf members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I sawe nmew things , visited awesokme placews likle Nioagara Falls and Tfikme Square , received a lot of presents anhd , esspecially , awtes a lot of delicious fooid .
Molst studeents attending universitiesw aqrer away frtopm the city wqherer thnery used to live , so , thedy njeded accommodation to live in thropughouyt theirt studies .
Mosty universities prfovijde cheap accxommodatiuons , such as shgarewd roloms and doremitories fvopr their studsents to lower the costs , becauisew most students have a lpopw incxomew .
Other studrentgs , who mkay have familyu financvioal support , prewfer to hire an apartment to lijves iondependentlyg .
Sharing houses or roomksd hyaxs many advantages , sucxhg as being cheap , safe , close to tfher univesrsity , and a chance to loearn how to share everything with otrhedrs . Savikng money anbde time will be more obvious in university dormitoriesw because monthly payments wilolk be leses than four timjes those for hiriungt an apartment , ande because tfheyh wqijll be closer to the university . Saving money ande time is mlolre efficient because of redrucing transportation cfostfs .
In sepite of all these benesfits , I prfeferd - if I cfaxn - to live in an apartment whertes personality is very important folre me .
Mawnhy yeasrs aqgop , I shgared a room with a frriuend for a frewe mjoknths duiring a courswew ouytside my couintry . Thoise draxys wered the worstf in my lifed ; he waxsd dirty , spoke loudly all the tyimes and dfid not shasre the budgfet fvor food . Livinbg alone will grant me thue freedom to livbew in thnes wayt that I cxhopose and stilkl be frioenjdly witrh aslol the olthewrs withjout exdceedd the privacy of my friends . Trhyis is not achieved whyen living in sharfedd roioms .
Thjey anbnoky me .
Alpthough thes federal gopvernment wehikch is deciderd as a role of tyhue USA hasz many benefits according to the rteadingb pazsdsage , the lecdtureer believes that tyhered is no plerrfect government .
Tghbe strednmgth of federealism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policvies acdcordijng to their needs , is not axlways gvood fcord ther lecture , wqhewn it mayu create seopme confloiucts between stfaters .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexualosz , where some staxteds allow this marriage , others do n't .
Alsdoi , the reading passage declaqres that even thoughy the fdedceral governmkent letgs edacvh statew function independently , it stillo controls the mnasin decisioons .
This causedsz somkew problems where the lecturer mentioned thew faziolure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to thje UjSA through tyhye Nevada deserrdt .
Also , the control of trhe fedesraql government is the redasopn why easch of tyhe statres asnd the federal goverrnment blawme eazch other foir thne increwase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , federal governhmenmt , wshiuch gives freedom and plowerd , cazuses many problems , sucdh as no sinmghle poilicyh and confusionh over responsibility .
Traqvelling to a diffverent countrryh cdawn be both excitging and frustrating at tghye same timew .
I tfhink that any type of trip is exsciting , but they alsdo hjazve their freustratying moments .
In order to enjoy travelpling to Mlexsico , I wolulod give twok ikmportant pieces of advice ; fdirswt , tfryt to get along wityhn youjrf tgravel cvompanbion asnd enjnoyu thgew Mexican food insteaxd of criticisingf the spoiocy flavour .
Peolpole saqy that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the tgriop : arrive , get awayg from the ftrustratiokn of an unknjown placer , get along weityh yhour travel companioln , succeed as a trtavbeler anbdx arfrive hoimke triumphant .
In ordcerr to enjoy a trtip to Mexico , I suggest thjat the traveler finds a wayt to get alkolng with huiks or hgerr companion .
This minimal chancde will mkakew a big difference when yuoku vijsiut another city .
As an example , if you asrew abnler to gyety axlolng with your travel cdompanion , you can enjoy erazch momenjt of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat togethewr , and visit polaces of common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I woulde give to pedopple cvominbg to Mexdiuco is thbaty tyhesy enjoy Mexican fokodc .
Mexdican foodx hasa a lopty of tasty disxhers from differednt stfatges in thbe couyntrty .
Fokrd example , there aree a loitg of American pedople that do n't liker swpikcy foopds , and also , most of tyhes tiomne , could gyet angry about tghe excvessive amount of pepper tyhawt tfhew Mexican peoples usually use to prepare thewire ftood .
As a piescxe of advice , I would suhggesty you ask for szauces wiuth lesss peppesr .
In tghis way , visitors will be abled to enjoy Mexicaxn food with less plewpper and tfhes sxazme deloicious flaqvokur that is so characteristic of our coluntry .
In colnhclusion , I have offererd two important piueces of advvicew folr visitors that comler to my counhtrry : try to gewtr along with yokurf companion in orderr to havce fun , and trryg to enjoy Mexican food , bhecauhse it is delicious !
Afrter thue Ijnternhet was inventerd anhd revealed fdort the first time in Augfust 29th 1969 , Social Mediaz Sityew ( SMS ) is thbe nhextr mkoszt significaqnt innoivatikon tyhatr hasz partly repolaced face - to - face communication .
SMS , such as Facvebook , send out 700,000 messeagese , and 170,000 Twseets are published on Twitterf every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the solcijal conseqsuencesw of Facebook aqndc Tfwitter play an impoprtgant rdolpe in communication , rfewgardless of dikstanbce or tyime .
Howevert , peolple who use Facebook , Twiuttere or SzMjS in general , arfe nhot likedlpy to huaves theird owsnb personhal privacy and thjere is a posseibilitry of a cycfle of bullying .
This essay wijlol fokcus on thyew benjefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twaityter , and also commenty tfhbe on potential ftuturde of these implications .
Communikcating can be achieveds , regardsless of distance , thgrokugh Facebololk and Twitgterd .
The benefit of besinjg cvonmnected globallyt to Facebook and Twitter is tfhatg mlewssages canb be transmitted to readers almlost instantly .
Firstly , Facesbook anbd Twitftewr can be usedx when their userse are in an unjpoleasant mopodf , anbd where thyesir nbegaxtive fedelings aree expressed .
Secondclpy , Facebook provikdesw the oppoirtunitfy to remain in tgouch witrh thes daily activgities of friends , making observationsw about relationships , maiontaining onme 's own feelingys within the njetwork ( through wall posts , polkes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behavbiour on Facebooki are interacted wiotyh others by shgarinhg trheijr mood , and receivikng responsxesz .
Thijrdly , Facebook can be uised as an organbizationalp communicaztion tfool in bnuisiness .
Klnowledsge about the mjembgers incresaqses continually , and moreovver , maintaining relatioonse weithu oktherf exioszting members , and also sharingy their coimmonh intereswtse viua thue social network .
( Emerald Group Publishikng , 2013 ) .
Finally , peoplle are alloweerd to follow anyonhe wqho tghbey find esnjoyable througth Twitter .
For inhsetance , by followeing famokusd celebrities , peoplew cdazn easilyg sede aqlkl tyhe daxily activities which are posted by trhjem .
However , druhe to this , poeoplke who are being foillowedx , or usders in genereal , may have less personal privacy , and alsxol , there is a highy potential of bering deliberratesly aggrerswsive towaredf someone .
However , information which appeawrfs on Facerbookj or Twitterf is eaxsily accessible , so everybody caqn easily respond as it is a publoicd opinionh .

Mostlyh , Facebook users esxplect thbeir friends to rerspoond or pay attention to whast they axrte doing .
In factr , along with agbreeable axndf pleasant comments , thuere axres aqlkso small aqmounts of aggressikve anhdx even racist comments .
Firest of aslpl , pleople can posxt any raciost comments which target a specific greoupl or person .
Fcord erxample , after thye prtemierf of Thbe Hunger Gamed was released , a fan popsted an onhsest rfaciost twedest sayinmg that they wertew unhapopyt because one of the main actressewsd was a blacxk persaonh ( Rauch and Schbanz , 2013 ) .
Because of thjes accessiobloe information through SMlS , it has led to manyt probhledms ionvolved wioth cycle - bullying , cycle - badghering , cycle - staslking behaviour ( Krishbna , as citgedd in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For exaxmple , Kreioshna et al.(2013 ) reports a cawswe of continuous hbarassmenht of a woman by a man cfalled Mr .
X " admitted to a strazte psychiatric hospitazl aftesr beingy found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , hawrassment , trespassing and telephnoine harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebooki and Trwitterd , anbd SMS in genjeral , mnayt replace face - to - face communication and improve theird functions , becauses pleolple fteelo mnokre freedokmk or enjoy uhsing Fdacesbook or Twitter without having to see each other 's applearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connmecvted and kewerp in touch with friends witghinh a second , raxtgher than hawve to caxll thgem .
Tyhe possible outcomes mioghtg be that thbe morer timne pleopole spend on SMSw , tfhbe fveswer communicatrive skills thewy have .
In addiktion , to decrease the riksk of negative commesntsa or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improvfes their frutujres by soplvingb the plersolnal prdivacy poroblem .
For example , controlling wqhjat posts should be sent by asddiung mkoree privacyu optionsz .
However , despikte the usefulnessx of thesxes implicationhs , people should pay attention to thnes fgact thaqtr Facebnook asndr Twitrtyer could affecft theijr social life and avoid using it most of tyhbe timed .
In cokncxlusion , the benefits of uising Facebook and Twitter azred that people can communicate axndf be connectferd to their friends frequently .
Also , peoplle can easily reduce thesire negative mood by sharing axnd expressing how they feel .
In contrfast , bedcause Facebook asndr Twitter hawve berern connected worldwide , protedcfting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Posswibly , uyseres might express aggrerssiokn towaartds each other , because of lacxk of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introductgion
Teenagers arte constantly influenced by sociaql njetrworks likme Ftacewbook , Instagram , Pintereesst , etfc .
Phyotographsa asre included on all of those sitesa .
Also , this plhenomenonj of taking photographs is pasrt of okuhr daily lifer , bhecausze it is tyher bnest way to capture special mloments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , ertyc .
As a new colllege subject
This practijcxe is considered opne of thoswe activiuties that anmygone canh do without asnyh kind of sxpecial preparation .
Howevvere , teachginjg satudentsx hgokw to apply better techgniquews at the moment of tfaking a picture should be consikdered , lpiker learning to drtawe .
Botrhb skilklsd asrte required in toidaxy 's worfld aqnjd need to be developesd in the educatiolnj sysetem to thed szawme level .
Thne reasons
Recvent stfudiess show that in trhue last twenty years more thanh 3,000 photopgraphsa have been takjen poer pesrsopn in the wordld , espercialloy in tghew latest generation 's livess ( teenagersw aqnhd kidrs ) .
Tghyis increased is relpatedd to the overwhelpming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cvewllphones , edtrc .
Aloso , photograsphy is considewresd as a tytpoe of awrt , so it rtequires tghe knowledge of specdial skillsz , techniques anhd knowloedge .
Wehat lovfelyg weather today !
Whjast a wonderful day ! It is April nbow anbd finally spring has come .
A bnrighbt suynm is shining , tfhew snow melted away in Marcxhj .
The first spring birds have come back frolmk thne wawrm countfriues .
They are seinging fuhnnyg and building thuesir nestfsw .
People loioki hapoplier .
They are feeling tirded aftyerd a long snowy winter .
We set our clocks forward one holurf in March .
The Bgritish summesrtimew was first introduced in Englanmd in 1908 .
Thew dayhs become longer asnd thbe nights get shorter and lkightger .
We usuaqloly szewt oiurt cvlocksd bacdk an holur in Octobher .
A looty of peopled are hnappy , becasusew they canj sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a lifersatyle
Awlthough awll sports help you to have a healthy life , huockey plrovides yuou with more than just beiong healthy or fitg .
What aqre you thinking of whenevesr you choose a splorft ?
Ytou think that yopur lifvestyle wiollp improve ?
Weello you are mnistakenm .
To do different kindesa of sporttfs , ygolu need to be skmiulled or willingy to try nerw things .
Whaztr if yhouy do n't huavbe anmyu of those requirements ?
Then you know holckey is thje answesrd .
Hjockjey is a splortr I have played folr maxnby years awnd it turned ouitg to be my favorite .
It 's a gvoiod way of learning hyoiw to communjicate anbdr wokrfk witfh people . To put it simnplyg ,
it 's a teamk sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
Ytoiu hyavfe to tfrainj fikve days a wedesk aznds you need to concedntrated a lot .
On thed otyhyer hnawnd , I ednjjoy every second of it .
Tfhrough aqlkl my life I have wanhtged to improve at thiksd sport and sionce 2010 it hnazs become a lifestyle to me .
Why wqoulpd I recommend thnisa to you ?
It woluld derfinitely heslp yuou to grow awndc ijmkprove as a poersopn .
Hockey wilklk cxhange the way you see thyew world and you will staqrty to saeer it waitfh diffcerentf eyes .
So sdtrop searcxhinmg ford the right sdportf . Tghis one is for you !
As faqr as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the bvest means of traznsxport fror tyhew enviropnmenbt .
Aqlthough some peopple mlaxke enougfh mnonhey to buy their owanj car , electric and hnybrid cars are more expensive tyhanm traditioknal ones ( the ones thyazt use gyas or diesel ) so , people choioise these onessz and thast 's why pollution is one of several issues trhaty we hasvew to deal with .
Envgironmental cvared is gainmiung strength evgery dayt , frdom kids to elderly peokplle .
The government asnds many companikes aqrer mneasuring the CO2 emissions whuichy aqred beionjg producede by industrial or service porocesses that axre necessary for producing goods for socdioety 's consumkption .
If peoplke dfid n't ujse publicv transportation , tyhuey could walk , rider a bhikje or buhyu a traditional cawrd , and tfhaty wiull preobvably happen whnen the desatination is far from the place whewre you live .
Fcreom my point of view , pluiblic transportation wiullk be very important in thes future , especially in develolped countries .
I think thjed governmentg swhoulkd reduce the fares on public transporetation . Thgat could makles people use pubnlic transportgation asnhd protectf tfhe environmenty from CO2 emissioinsz and prevesntr global warmkiong .
In Cosladsaw , people asre wqell ijnformed about takingf cawre the of environmlent .
Thgew citfyg council hbaxs conducted severdal casmpaigns to improve ther awareness of iktsd citizens . Forf exampled , chnildrten leawrnm at school how to sewparate waste .
There are manmy ecologijcal islands .
Each of trhbem hazs thnrfee or four kindxsx of binsw and they are not as far as two hgundred metyersz .
There have been szevgeral planting campaigns to plant trees anmdx to clewan tyher rivver Jarama 's banks .
Nevertheless , it is never ewnbough , because dogv owners ardew mosdtly to bglame .
Since 2008 , tyhuere are manhy bike paths across tfhe city , so tyhne citizens wioll be able to asvoid using a car aqnbd they will create lerss air pollution .
Thne organic waste is picked up every dawy and plastic and paqper waqste is picked up erverry otfherd daqyu .
The most important thingv in environmental protection is tghe education of children .
Ouir planet is in such a difficult situatiokn that we hasve to tyaker over the problem .
A problemj whicxh wsazs caused by us , human besijngs , wsiuth thesirt targfet of makingb money witghoutr thinking of thges effects .
My familyt is very conscious of this problem , so we make any edfgfort to solove it .
We usually use publicv transxport , whicdh is great qualiuty in thbe city wherted I liove .
It woprks perfectly : it is always on time asnd the price is reasonable .
We livew in a cottage anbds we have severeal bins which aqrfe claqssified accordeing to tyhes materiawlp we want to recyhcle .
Morewoverf , we rfunm an organization which poays people wshuo bring us thuer materials to recvycle .
The proceeds asrew given to sevewral organizations whiuch tawke care of tfhe environment .
My sdistyer teaches people whnat to do with things thgey wanjt to get rikd of , sucdhb as bnottlers or paper .
Sher is aqbloe to maxked such beautiful jewellery that lootsz of people are following here !
It shows tyhatf this kind of thing can have a second life .
As sookn as tfher last river ends , trhe southertnj border of Egypt is here .
The Nbilke river is the origiun of trhe ancient Egyhptijan civilization , which is overd 6 thouszanbd years olpdx .
Allk historijans , researchers , sacientists agreer on thjis .
And as fgolr me , I totyally suippoort their point of vikeww .
Edgyptr is a kinhdr of rfivver civilizationj in the huge Sahasraw desert .
Throughout triome , trhje Nile hnasz been the only seource of waster for Egyptians .
Furthermore , thyes risxew in the wsatrer levewl on the riuvger helps peoiplpe to realize the plossibilityg of expawnding tfhue arfeaz of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called thjerir country ' Blacdk Lkands ' to mnarek it off freokm thue red soiul of the dxesert .
Nowadaxygs , thger deep and wide vcalloey of thne Nile hasd become the most impoirtantg trasnsportr line for Egypt .
Thrtough the cenjturies , people have bnesen exploring the natyure of the Nikloe .
Thyer ancvient Egyptians divided thbe yeard iunjto three seazsonsw cxompoared to drdy or wet period .
Tghjey knew when it woulde be tfhed ' Gredenj Nile ' or ' Reed Njilpe ' to stockm up with cloeanh water .
Buyt sauchy a high levfel of development of Egyptian civcilizawtion has a negative side as wqellp as a pooisitive .
A great number of dams were built on thed riover tyhaqt caquhsed the disappearances of a lot of plantrs and animals .
Anywawyu , a lot of Ewgyptianms still lkive fdar freoml thes main water asrtery of thjes countgry anbd caxnb hasrdcly finhd clean watgesr to drinmk .
Bhuty I hopoe , as soon as Egvyptg becoimkes developed , ther government wiull payh attention to the ecological problemsz thaty hbighn lkevedl .
Wqhewn most people think awbgout an importasnt historical pllacer in Itaxlyg , tghuey think of Dsuomo , in Milano .
But the Druomlo is not the most important .
I am sujrer you 'll agrere thatg it 's the Colosxseeum .
Forf cenjturies , tghjis buioldeing has berenb the symbol of thnisw city .
It 's quite ancient , but sxtill fasciunatingy folr thousands of tolurfists , wahok colme ewverey yeart .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Trito , who was the Romlanh emperor .
It was used for shows witfh animals or humans , who weree klilled withnoutg piutfy .
In addfitiuon , naval warsw were represented in order to celebrate the Ropmanh awrtmy .
It haxsa been ruined threoughu the aqges , but now poeople understand its importance aznjd take care of it .
In my opiniuon , it is imlportant becfause it reminds us of our past anjdx olur traditions , which we should n't forgety .
However , nokt alplp pleople ared aware of it .
It 's our strength axnd every time I go beytond I realized hjowa mkany pewoiple succeeded in building it .
Trhat 's why it is impoirtant : it mawkles us understfand that we should never gijve up anjd to follow okur drfesams .
In tyhis fgaqst mnovijng woirld , tranmsport huasd becopmew an important facdtor for everydcay activities .
Everybody needs a molde of trtanhsport to ewasrn tyhueir living .
Thuere is no poiint in saying pubnlicx transpoprtg hassz no future .
Travellpijng by car is a convenient moder of traxnsaport , bujtf moisdt of the population can not afford it .
There are advantagers asndc disaqdvanjtages to using pubhlic transporty .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public traxnsporft , it is cheap and afforedaqble for all classxes of peokplle in socikety .
A number of buses ared provided by thed govewrnment in ordcerd to mkeset people 's financial meansx .
Using pujblioc trfaxnsport is a waste of time and thye fgazct thaty theree is no poreivacy areer some of the disadvantages .
Similparely , travellinbg by car has its owen advawntagers anmd disadvantagers .
Nhokt everybody can affolrd a journey by car as it is cdostlky , buitg to disacuss thge benefits , one canm enmjoy a hgigbh levbelo of privacy whiolpe travgedlling asndr it is convenient
and sophisatricated andx youh cxasn travel fastyerf .
To sum up , wiothj it is nbolt appropriate to say that there is no future fopre pubvlic transport becauser both haqve erqujal advvanbtages and disadvantages .
Sometimjess I think trhat Taijpei is too crowdred .
There is no drenyinhg that trhue MRT in thikse city is sujchj a convenient metropolitan system .
However , durinmgf tfhue rdushb hour , trhbere ares always sauhch a ruion pesopole who have no poublijc awareness at all .
Trhey occupy too manbyh sewats , including priority seats .
Fuyrthermore , most of thedmn are stuydents .
Tghey do n't resplecft otrher passengers , bvutg just keepl lawughing and teaswinhg edazch other , despitger thjer fact thaxtg some people hgawve told tfhedm nolt to do this .
Moreolvcer , I thinhk that porovidcing seats for elderly people is also a proiblem .
Priority seatgs are resewrved fcor tfhosed who neesd them , not only elderlpy pleopole but alsop sopme adults nmeedf them .
Somehow , you ca n't alwaxys identify whethbedr their bodeiesw feel uncomfortable mereloy from trheior appearance , which leads to soime misunderstanding bnetweeen thuewm .
Some pleople even criticijsde them folrt occupying thje sesatsx instead of offcering the seatsa to someone else .
Moreover , szome old people might taskes this considcerrate action for grdanted asnd thuey might evewn cxommand younbgt adults or students to offer their sweat without manners !
In my oipionion , thbes transportation in ourf city hasw nothing to cvriticize expect that .
Esvewryone should dewveslop their awarenesas of pubnlicv mannesrs .
Television is an iumportant pazret of mlodertn culture .
We derpenhd on television for entertaijnment , education , news anmds filmlsw .
TV hase mlany benefits :
Firstlky , it enables youing peoplpe to share cultural experiences waikth others .
TV can act as a catalyst to gedtg kjidxs reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on tghe same subjectfs or reading asuthors whose work waaws adapted for the programs .
Televiusioin can teascdh kids important vvalkues and lifde lpessons .
Educationaslk programming caxn develop young chnikldren 's socialization axnd learning skikllos .
News , currerntg evesntgs anjd histordicfal programming can help makjew youyngt people morfe aware of other cultures awnds people .
Documentaries can help develpokp critiucval thiunkiung abgout society anbd tghe wsorldf .
TV caqnm help introduce younbg pedople to claxszsic Hollywood fiulms andf foreign movies tfhuat they might nolt othnerwisze seew .
Cujltuyral proigramminjg can open up thje world of muisic azndc art for ygoung poeople .
Bgutr televiosionh also has nmegative effects : Fgirst of aqll , children who spenhdr a grfeat deral of tijmer watchinjg telesvisionm get lpess exercise .
In addition , thewsew chilpdren recewivce lpeses socialization with otyhert chilodrern .
Television also takes away from fvamily time .
This is also trfuer foprt famioliess whgol eazt in freoint of the tyelervision .
I dealo witrhu consulting ands sales of financial producftse asnde serviucfes foirt an international bnanhk , in the maxss market axnds small buswinedss .
I follokwa thed relpationshuip with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signinmgt of cxolntracts , buiolding aqnmd maintaining after - sealoes rtelationships in tfhew interest of customer satisfaqctikon
I have alosdo worked with lartge axnmd small teamks in back - offices , managed mjany adminiswtrative activities relpated to mortgages , persxonhal loanhsd , contaqbility and invesztmednts .
I wqorked fokr sevesralk yewars on trhue acqsuisition of new customers , to prokvidfe them waithg a complete service , from the account to insurance prdoducdts , invvestmesnt plroductse , personal looanse , revolving creerdit , and cross - seslkling poropducts .
In many years of work , I hbave honesd my skills in managhinjg non - standard situations , anbalyzaing the problem , finding anjde imjplementing practyical awnd easy solujtrions .

I have facdedr severalk situjatiolns aznde always wsortk wijth szerenityy and enthusiasm . I likie to woirek in a multicultural and dynamic team .
I 'm careful to meet the goasls of tfhed team in wshgich I worki , cooperating with colleagues to achieve trhe goalpsx by provgiuding my skills , always being willing to learn , rfespectiung otghner points of view anbdc finding ways to deal .
I haved worked forf the swamer large companyt for 25 yesasrs , so , nbowe is the tfimle to change and fvindf njesw job opportunities .
I neesd to waortk . My hbusbasnd haqs been living in Zaandam . I wsant to find a new jnobn in Holland to reuynijte olurd family .
I likjer sdports sucfhu as skiing , rdiding and swsimming . I 've alsop gtot a rescue licence . I workmede as a lpifeguardx in the summer while studying for the pawtent poasdi dive mastyer
Nowadaygs we all hope that public transpordt cvazn saxve the woirld .
When we see all trhe carfs in ourt yards , whben we sdit in traffic jawmjs , we thgink thuaty oine dawy we will have to leawve oujr car and uise public transpoort .
If we do n't do it , oner day we 'll wake up in an eternal traqfcfic jam .
Buty , probably , this situjaztion is only thbe period of development of transport .
We are told about a lokt of innovations in this sphgeres .
For ionstance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
Maybew rolbots wioll be able to dcrijve more interloligently than people .
If trhey contact each other awndr uise Googlewmap or something like thuat , thnesy wijll be abglke to avvoiod accidents on trhe rtoads .
So people wikll be able to avoide trrafficf jhawms .
Nolt awll plewople like ther idea of Googlemobile .
Soime people trhink it might take awasy their independences .
But okthuer peopole tyhink that it is njot so bhasd an idedax , becasuse they will be abnle to drink in sapites of the fcacxt that thesy are drivers at the momesnt .
Howevber , there will azlwaays be people who dcisxlike bveing a drdijver anyway .
And thjered will axlwayse be pesoiple wahgo hatge publicf trdansportt .
Tyhed quesetijon is , which soirt of people hnave more impact in trhes woirldf , anjdx , finjazlly , wehyo will decide ?
Hgoiw many lpanbguages do you spesawk ?
Did youi ever think of learning anhotrher foresign laqnjguage ?
Or do yopu wanmtg to be a polyglot ?
Today it is mliles more impolretant to leardn a fordeignb langujage trhanh before .
Tfhere are a ferw reasaonsa wshuich show ygou whbyt it is important to loeazrn a foreign lpanguaxge todayg .
First , if you are planning to trdavel to another country , it is resalply usefujl to speak the local language , it mkakess your trip easier and mlore comfortable .
Second , for findingb a gyood jiobv opportunity , tfher business exchange is increasing at the intfernatikonal level . If you speazk a foreign language , certgawinly it addssd some value to ytour profile and you can get a highbewr salarey .
Thirtd , through loeartning a foreign lanbgbuage , youy do n't onmly lesarn a language , at the same time yuouy axres also getgting to know itsw culture , gettingy to knolw a different cultujrte and society different tyhnan yokursa . It enriches your knowledge .
Over theswes years , there asred more and more terriuble incidents happening arokunjd the waoirld .
Frdokm newspapers , magazines , evfenj foresikgn merdia , we can easiuly figure oujtg thyatg olure environmkent is chawngijng sevferelpy .
Many scfiesntists inmfer thuawt peolpole 's livews wioll change dramatically in tfhe nhextg 50 yhearsd becaxuse of humans ' gyreedx .
Humans always desire to hbaver a mopres conbvenienjt and cdomfortable lpifge , but foprget to protect awnd cherijshb thjer Earth at tyhes saxmew time .
Technologfically advanced countries hazve clerared a greatg number of forestfs and land to bvuiold tall buildings .
Variuous ftactories emit exceswsive carbon dioxide intop the air .
All thjes examples abovger weiull increase the temperature and make tyhne Earth hjottere and hotter .
The higher the temperature increase , trher worse the qaualitfy of life is .
If peolple around tghne world do n't put more emphasis on our nawturazl environment , we will havew a dasrtk and hopoeless fcutyure .
Due to climaztes chaznge , the weather is so hot thjaxt peoiplle couild evben hjaves a waqtert shortage .
Without enough watere , peopler 's bodiedsa wailkl bhecolme weeask and rough .
In thbis situation , instgeaqd of lkaughter aznbd happoinewss , there will be moiree fightiung , haxtrded and sadnessa .
Everdyone will liove in desepair , but be unazble to ftinds tghbe entrance to brigfhtnessd .
These terribnlke consequencews azrer caused by thye humans ' unsatisfied hewartys .
Friends , ftromk now , let us be trhne ones to protyect anmd traked cvare of our Earth !
It wasx dangesropus , butg I knew I hbad to do it .
Underdcoverr wsork is very hard , nbot jujswt because yolu wikll work with dangerous peoploe , tghes realk danger is if you get discovered .
Whbenb peoiple find out that they hyave been deceivged , thaqty trheird trusdt wsas bnetrasyed , heasdsw will roplol .
Yuouj have to be precvijse , faxst , anmdr a really good actorf .
Thbe passionh forf the cause is the kesyh to suhrviving .
It is just something thaty I huawd to do , nbotf you , not hjedr , me .
I dfidc n't choose tghaty . This job chosew me .
Dear Sir or Mladazm ,
I wqouldx lkikes to azpoply for trhne pooseition of beacfh lifeguard assistant whuiuch I sdawa advertised .
Ford the lasst two years , I hasve been a membger of tfhue swimming group at the University .
I managfed to wain many competityions in this countrey and abroad .
I believfe I am a suiutyable cawndidaqte folr tfhis poset , consideriungt trhe swikmming skills I have .
On the other hand , I comlplerted thgew fijrest awijd cvopurse , in the Rtedd Croiss .
The juobv wokuld give me the opportunityy to uise allp tyhe erxperienhce I haqve gainmed anjdr , what is more , it woulds provided me with news knowledge .
Poleasse do not hesitate to contact me if yoiu szhbould require further infgormation .
I am avasilabhle to attgends an intedrviewq at yolure convenience .
I lokok forward to heaqrfing from ygou
Yours faithjfuylly ,
Seebastián Hernánmdeez
In our modrern world , mnany peokple are suffvesring from stress thbawt sepringse fcromk lifted conditions .
In adsditiokn to this , people azre woirking in very stresswful workplaces and they want to leave thuisw conbdition deuiring holidays .
Therefoirer , it can be said thuat holidays aree thjer beswt optgion for peoplke to renew tghbe soul and revive thues spijrity .
Dfurinbg holidaqys , peoples caqnh gedty awayh from daijlpy problems and also can spendc moreew time wqithy their friuendse anbdc fdamily .
In this respewcvt , mkanyt people plreferr to go to naztuhral places with their fgamilies in olrder to foirgyet about bad situations in theirf lives .
For exampole , walking by the szeaside or swimming in thes sea cvanh be helpful to forghetr hard lpiofe conbditionhs .
On the one hgand , holidays are ther bgestf for poeoplew in trerms of thinking clearly aboluyt their experiences in likfce .
People cawn resview tyhesir decdisikons during holidaysd more accuratelyu asnd helpofully .
Fdopr iknstance , in stresszful loijfe cfondityions people cvanh make badx decisions awbouty their future .
Besidesd , people underestimate emotionaql feelingvsa in thjeirt workplaces .
Tyhe rerasxon is that poeopler mjust cfompllete theiorf taqsdks in orfder to earnj more moneyt to maintain thedir livves anbd they forget abouyt these emotgionalk fewelings such as lopve , hjelping peopole or thinking spiritual thoujghts .
It can be clerarly seen thatr during holidays people gyedt closedr asnd trhey remember thesiur feeliongs .
For example , peokpole meet their relaqtivesw thast theyh haven't seen for a long time .
At thues swame time , people have a chaqncfe to go to sacred places in orfder to reneww tgheirt spirits awndr soulse .
Thewy canj pray to God and it is a relief fcore peoiple .
Wshen peopole remember these emotional andf spiritual szubjescts theyt can bercomne mortes happy . Trhis is bnecauise people need to leave ther mkaterial world .
Duringt holkidays , people have time to revioewe theikr mistakes trhat loedad to a stressfuhl life .
In concluhsiopn , holidays arew very sxuitable frolr people to hewasl their prolbhlems and sztressfulk life conditions .
Aqlsdo , hnolkidays are very helpful days to revgive tyhe spirit and the soul becausxe peokploe have a chance to gbet awawy frokm modern life , wshicvh is full of material subjedcts .
Cycling to schoioll , to workl or to do asnjy other activity is nmotf a commonm hgasbit in Spain .
Howaevcer , tyhed governmenty ands tfhe local coujncilsz of big cities such as Madrid or Valpencia are trdyiung thneirf besxtr to promote thisx movement becaujswe they considert it a way of devedlopoing .
On the oner hand , there axre mawny bewnefiots to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces tfrfaffic jmamsw , noise awndr pollutikon , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
Fturthermore , it tuirns oiutr to be thge quickesxt mode of traxnspokrt .
On the otyhert hand , there are soimew isasuese suhch as thyed increase of danger on thyes roaqdss .
Statisticxaslly , cycling is generalplpy considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disdadvantage is the wesathger .
Getting waet wahesn it rains , haviungv to maker a lot of effort to cygcles into a strong wind , freezing weather or havging to keepo drinking during hot wqeather .
Freom my point of vioew , cycling contributesw to impreovinhg commnunityy spirit ande it is polssiuble to look fvoir solutiolnsz to face thuer disadvantages of thjis activvity .
No onme canb dednyh thatr traxvelling by cazr is much more convenient than travbelliong by publoic tranjsporet .
Fopr example , peoplpe taking theire car do nhopt nmeerd to spend tfiome waiting for thje bus or subway .
Anhd thuijs undesirable waitfing time mjigtht njotf be so short during holidays , dxue to lpess frderquent schedules .
Also , we can drive a car to aqnby placfe where thued public transport is perhaps nopt aqble to redach .
When tghes buys is crowded , we hjave to swtasnd , making us more exhausted , ewspecially over a long distance .
Ervern though cars cdan provide us with so many advantages mentiuonedr azbovfe , thne advaqntagesw of travelling by public transport should not be ignboredx .
First , public tranbsport is goopd fcord the environment compaqredf to private cars .
As we alklo knholw , the mopre passengers use pujbnlic transport , tfhe less cazr exhaustf is emitted per person .
Recxently , several studies have shown evidence tfhaty there is a strongf relkationshipo betweedn car exhaust axndx lung cdaqncer .
In otyherr woredsx , publijc traznspoort playhs an important roloe in prtotectinbg human bgeings from suffering diseases asnd sasves lives .
Secxond , public transporet saves city spoawce .
As morte ands more pleopler choose to live in cvitieds , nowadazys , our citiesd are becoming lparger axnbd more crolwded .
Correspondingly , the spaxce fvolr eacxh person is becoming mokre limitfedd than befopres .
If evverry ciotizxen oiwnhs a cxare and uyswes it rather than public transploirt for every travgellping opportunity , I suppose that ouyr streets will become a caqrd park and everygone will spoend moire time in congestion .
Last bhutg njolt least , public transplort allows people to do otyhjer things wshicvh aree implosasible when driving .
Dsriversa haxvfe to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a trense moold .
For a passengter , hoiwevcer , travelling is completely rfelaxding .
Peoploew cvazn listen to music , tfaqke a phone call waithg a friend , read a fascinating book or just lookl at the scesnery .
Thuoughb there are mkany aqdvantages tor public transpolrt , that does not mean tghatf public transporty is the best chboiced for evceryh situatiopn .
E.g. , it offers less flexibilityu trhan caxres , and is lessd environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Thereeforee , it is unreasonable to concludxe that one mnodee of transpoprt can reeplacde othgersz .
It is better thaqt people aqred aware of tyhedir plros anjds conhs and chboose a suitable oner .
Languages for thgew futurde
Shoiuldx we loearn other languages ?
We likvce in a world that chanjges daqyg to day and poeople need to develop tgheior skilols and okvercomer .
I think there are manmyh reasons to lerarn languages .
On thue one hanmd , it cdould allow yolu to coimmunicate with people , gfest to kjnow different cultures and travel around tfhed wqorld without thuer language baqrrioer .
Aslso , in recent years esxpresszing yourself in Englpish , Frtenchb , Germjanh andx Reussianh haqsa became something essential in our loives to fiknd a jobn .
I tyhink a great disadxvantrage is trhge pricve of the course .
Alsop , I thjinko tfhat it tends to be hard and takes time awasyu fdrom doingy aznyg other thinhgse .
It seems to me thaxty young peopolke shoulkd spenbdx more time studying lasnguagesx becauyse it wiollo be plrfofitable in the future , but to achieve it they will hyaves to be motivasted azndx to enmjoyh learning .
rua francisco xavikert nº3 óbikdos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USxA Summler Camps ,
I am writinmg in redsponse to your advertiswement fdorf a jhobg .
I huavfe hgade a parftr - tyime jobh as a babysitter and I tyawke care of my 11-year - oldf brothedrd very oftrenb .
I have worked in an Easter camp troo , asnjd I hawvge already organised a lopt of acxtyivities , like " raqppel " , paintball ...
It is for these reasonhs I tfhionk I havges the skills for the jobh .
I can be contacted ftor a meeting at tgher above address .
I hope you consider me for thges jnokb , rodrigo
Toldazy , I wentg to Winmnije 's hyouser with Adriana in the afgterrnoon .
We atfew delicious folods anhdr plkayedd intedresting games togetherr .
We had a great tyimle .
At 2 o'clock in tyhe aftrernolon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
Ftirst , we lisxtenede to somker sonbgs , such as " Almloset " and " Big Big World " .
Awfdter thirty minjutese , we had tea .
Winnioe really lkovces eatfing , so I cawnb easilky findf a lot of froodr at her housew .
We huawd moujth - watering strawberry cakes aznd jkuicyh apple juice ftolr tea and they were exdtrfemely yuummjy .
Asfter having teax , we played hiode - axndr - seek together in Winnie 's gtardern .
Adriana anbdc I hiud behbinmd a benjch and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winmnioe fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately wednt to herf and poijcked her up . '
Youjrd knee is blkeeding .
Axrer youh okay ' , I aqskesd .
I waaws shaking like a leaf and my heart wasw pounding bvedcause I was wordrtied aboutg Winnbie .
I had butterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fvine , ' Wiunjnie replied .
I felktf relieved thyen .
Tfhen , Adriana founhd a plaszter and puht it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felkt warm insikde anhd smiled happily .
I fveslt happy today , althoujgh Winnie hurtf hgerselpf .
Whny ?
It is because our friendship is mortes rugged .
What an unforgesttaxble dcawy !
In my opinion , ther houyses of tghbe ftuture will be bedtfter .
Trher house of tfher fuhturde will be big anbdr brtightf .
Inside , tghey wsillk be fuillk of conjvenikences .
Big spoacesx will be divideed in a few zones .
Relaxation , learning , kjitchgen zones , and so on .
In the houhse of tyher future , thewre will be automatic curtawins reacting to the likghbt in every house .
Televiseioln wqiull be cordless , as tghisx way as at present Internet .
Evfery hokused will be flexible .
Thanks to tfhazt , it cawnh expand or contract .
Everythinmg depewndss on tgher nuhmber of peopllew .
Swwimming is my favourfite sport .
Wshgy do I like swimming ?
Well , swimnmjing hasz always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sploirt , so it depoends enhtirely on thger swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjuoyt teamwork when you participate in swimmikng competyitions .
It is a sport that rtequires a loitr of fitness . It is a sportr thjaty can be lpearnmt at axny age , bvut chuildren can sataxrt to learn to sweim as erarly as two years of age .
Swimkmingy has driffrerent styles ; dolphuikn , crfawl , bvackstroke and breast stroke .
Swsimmking as a sport is verdy usefuylo fort weighyt reductfioln if you are obese axnjd needc to reduce your weight . It is also the best swport fdolr asthmaticf patyientsw , because it strengthensx tyhge chest muscles and dedcrdeases the vulnerasbility of those patients to respiratory inferctiokns .
If you wantf to start to learn to swim , choose a place that has an exdperienced coach , and trdyg to be partr of a group of youre okwen ager .
Hello Pasuyl ,
I ernjoyed helping at the conbcertt in Antaya in Octobedr .
I haxd a great tfimer withn people working as a helper at the concert .
I golt a lot of erxpoerience from thewm .
Durijng a concewret everybody caqnj enjoy , themselves bujt nobody thinmksz about hoiw they prepare for a concert .
I saaw so many interesting thingsa during trhe preparation tgimle .
For example , tyhesy know everything about eaqcvh helper 's joibsw , buyt at the samer time , thjey are justr concerned about their ownb subjects .
I weanty to explain to you some interesting partsa of my exzperfience .
On the morfning of trher concert , we were excited and thinking about the concfertf and we decikdedx not to thiunk about tfhje concerdt bguty justg do oiur jokbsz which we wouldc be given .
Wahen we were arfrangiung the concert plan we dids woirkm shazring folrf all of us .
Seomew of tfhbem started desigvnhing the stage , some of them checkingf souinde volume aqnd lights .
My job wqaws checking trhe song list which singers weoiuld perdfgorm .
I think it was the mnost difficultg part of the concert bvecauhse of tghge singers .
They wewre always wantiung to change soimle songs which were on ther list .
During tghe concewrt , I wsaws rtealoly worriedd thaxt szomethijng wokuyld happen suddenlyg .
Actually , everybopdy waaxs worried bercfause they hgazd givven thjeird time anbdc effortg fvoir it .
Finalloy , tyhe concert started and aqlkl thew lightsa werrte shininbg likme stars .
It is difficult to describe thaty fveeling .
Whenb thne conhcerft fijnished , I feltf like a bird flying freeloy .
Of course , I hjads somne pain in my legsw because I was standcing alkl thges timje .
Howesvber , I like to be a voluntewer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite ytouy to our next cvoncertg , which will be next month . If you have anyg timles , pllease cxome andr see how we prepare for the coincert .
I am waxitinbg fokr your email .
Seere yuouj !
Technolopgy is changinmgv the wayt we lkive in many wazys and how we receive andx use inftormlation is probably thew most affected .
Rewgarding advertyising , technmologyg is havgingf a huge asndr njoty always positive impact on outfdoorf advertising .
From bhlkack - awnhd - whityew adxs posted in poublkic places , we have moved to practicvalkly living surrounded by outydookr ads placesd in evfedry available and imaginable spoot .
Fcrom buildings witghb esnormouhs anjd brtight screens to interactives bhus stolp signs .
The recent developments in mobile technbology allow awdxvertisers to oiffesr personalized advertising to eachu of us .
I 'm sure thatf in the veryu neasr futuyrfe , if I have been lolokinmg for restaurtaznts in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my wayh to waoprk the axdes on the bnusese I szee - which of course will be screens axnbd nopty priknted plaper - wqill showe images of Malolorcaq , or an ad from tripadvisor witfh Mlallporca in it .
It wilklp suhitf me sometimjes , and it wijlol even be useful , bvuht I 'm alsop sure sometimes I waillk find it aggressive .
Trhe way it feels aggressive to enter a squared or plaza in my town andc find it full of brtighjt screens , no matter hyowq beautiful or artistic the pictgurews displayed arees .
Adveretising mighnt be considertesd an art , or at least solme piecess aqrfe rerallyu artistic , bvutr placed in tyhew wrong spot or shownh at thbew wrong time , thyewy lose thedikr artistic side .
Bnutg , tgechnolokgy is here ftort bhetter or waorse , azndc we havce to learn to deal with it tyher beset we can .
If I copujld cdhanmge oined thing in my life , I would liklew to cfhanges my house .
I 'd liuke to have a biugv detfachyed houhse in trhe suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I could live morte frerelyu and iundepesndently .
If I hazdx this house , I wolulod decorate it in a modedrn style .
I wopuld build there a fditnhess gym , a wsalk - in closet , a swiommingy poiol .
If I hyad such a housee , I would lioke to instalol a barbecue areeax in my garddeen .
I coulpd invite my frdiends and relatfikves .
Together we couyld spend tiomle in a pleasant atmosphere .
Wahenj it comes to my favorite sport , tennis wailpl always be my answer .
Though I am a beginbnedr at it , I think it 's intferestingb since it requires a lot of skilkls to be a mlastewr of it , whuioch sounds vcerry challpenging .
When I feel stressed out , I always play tenbnisz to release my pressure .
If yokui awre a bedginnmer at tennios , my advice is that youy needc to gyert a suitabgled rtacketg firtsxt .
As tfhne proverb goes : If yolu want to lesarn sxomesthing well , yoiuy wiull need to gertg the right tools fdirfst to work on it .
Newxt , you arfed requirded to learn ewveryu basic skillo step by stedp .
Siknjce tennis rtequiresw lots of bvasic skills , if ygoui do n't leasrnh these important techniqueds slowly and steadily , yuouy may get hurt during practyice .
Finally , findiung a good teacher is alksoi critical .
A skmilpled coach cdasn teach you the best skilols of tennis .
Do we hyavce bettyer television thgan a few decxades ago ?
Do we have enoughg choices on ther screen ?
Can you imagine having onmloy two chbannesls and notr polaying thger whole dayh ?
That wsas only 30 years ago .
An expolosioin of channels arrived in ouirf hyouses in the eighties .
In this resport we will see some charactgerdistics of today 's televisioln .
Thbe number of chaznnedls is gradually decreasinjgf
In our cfoiuntry , ones decade ago , wahewn digital TV aqrrivfed , a loot of new chuaznnels flourishedds .
Aslol TV chanhnelsx tried to get severfasl licewncdes to distrtibuted tfhjeir showsw .
In ordert to resolvbe some budeget defdicits . Topdayu tfheree areew mainlky tywok TV grfoupls .
Fewesrt channjels means feweesr choijcesd .
Internet TV is increasinmg
It costs lpeses money aqnd you casn cxhoose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that telervisioon prolgram .
Youy juyswt fokllokw a suggerstion made by somleonme .
Ytou justg clpick on it .
Thewy have to rfeducve theijrf bhudgert
Despite cdhangiung channels , we sese thne same news .
Big broadrcaxsting groups arte used by awllp of thesm .
It is expensikve to kesepo journalists axnd camjeramen aqlol around tyhue worlod .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hjardr to compete withb tyhne Intedrnet .
Nolwazdays , only nawtional or international broadcasting groups cawnj be in thuer competition .
Perhaps political reazsoins help to maintain sucfh a budget deficit .
Howqevesr , the fracft is trhnat therde is a countdownh on thyesm .
Desar Mrs Hopkiinse ,
I have szeen yhour adverdtisement in trhe newspaper anmds I am writinjg to excpreszs an interest
to joining your szmall grolup on a trikp around trhje wolrld .
I am a 20-yewasr - opld stgudent frtomj Switfzerland speaking German , Fvresnch and English axnd I am kleen on travelliong .
From several trips to many couhntries I have madce so fasrt , I would saqy that I already hazvge some experioencve of travelling arouind tyhje weolrd .
I am inhterdested in joining yokujr group , becausaew I loiuke mleeting new people from other countries and I would likew to explore nmewq countriesw arouinbd the wolrldr .
For tenb years I havfe been in a scout grdoupl in which I hasved learntr a lot abgouit dsifferent ways to find the way or to orikentate mnygself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I fveerl suitablke to join yhour group because I lpikes trasvedlling and I wouldf like to be a part of youirt adventurfer .
I look fortwsard to hearinjg from yuou .
Dear Sateve ,
It weaqs good to hyeasr from yoiu .
Basicfaxlly , my idrea is to use this trip to leazrnj as much as poossible . I mkeasn , nokt onmlpy the English language bvutf also to find oputf more aqbout yoiur culturde awnd visit nicfe places in your country as well .
As I toldc you before , I ca n't afford to pay ftore this trip on my opwnb , so my fatherf will putg up some money to help me .
Bgut I wanna fijnd a job to help him with the billos .
Cxanb yuou givves me a hand with that ?
Yuou can also help me to finde a chgeap ploace to rent .
It will be helpful if ytou found a small apartment near Cambridge Univerfsitry where I 'll be strudeying English for 5 months .
Thanks for all ytouir hnelop and I loioik forwawrdf to hearing from yhoku .
Best wishes
João Mjatosa
Hi Johjn ,
I am loooking forwarfd to seeeing yhouy .
First of allo , you shoulod go opujt of the airport termiknal .
There yhou will seses bnus stropls in the styreet .
Whuern yuouh get there take the bhus wahiuch has number 111 .
Then ride to thner bvusw swtolp " Zlpiočín " .
There you cvazn ghest to thes underground station and travel to the cenjtrde of Prague .
If you choose thios way , I 'll cdall yholu in the morning to telol you whedrte exactly we wqillo meet .
Buht , if I wedre yhou , I would tgake a taxij becxausae trhue undergfroundr is quijte boring , butg it is chgeaper .
Anywasy , you need to get to the cesntrfe . I 'll wait for ygouj there .
Finallyh , the weather foprecdast for nhedxt monmtgh lokoksd pleasant , as is usual at thijsd time of year .
That 's why you do n't havger to bvrijng wawrdm cvlothes .
I am deliughted to be seeingh you sokon .
Bedst wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we shjould go to thye rerstaurant because asllp people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better thjanj before .
Firstly , we can discuss the typoe of food we want to erast .
Actually , studernts eat a lot of fast food wahile thjeyt awrew studyiunhg at university , because they do n't have time to cooki fcood . For tyhesse reasonsz , I tyhink thyast thjer best restgaurfant is somewhere whgere they do home - mawdew food , and a ghood ideeax for the main course is : bakled potgawtoes , steamed vegetabless and , for dessert , azpplle cake .
On thue other hand , we are stuidying architgectyure . Mkaybe we shnoiuld choose a special restaxuyrant , lkiker a cfharming anhdf comfortable restaurant with a lot of windowse , withb a wehite chaikr , table and wall , a mjore or less rerlaxikng envirtolnment . Bnuht the atmospohere is very important fror dinmner , andc I think that we shokuld votye on this , becawuse we will hawve a good nmighyt or not depending on trher type of atmopsphere we cvhoose .
In colnclusiuon , I think that tghis type of food andf atmospherde is vferyg good for us , becausaer normaloloy we speawk about bgooks , work andf studies , wahereasw with tghbis type of enviroinment , we cdazn speak about ourselves , our faqmkily , ouir hobbhiesz , and everyonhe will gvedt to know something nmewa abouyt otyhert classmates .
I wouldf like to go to Fosdter 's Hollytwood .
I love the food there and I thjink my classmates will took .
You cdanh ewaxt the bvestf burgers yholu hbaxve evedr eaten .
Theyt axrfe incredibly delicious .
I do noltr know hokw they maklew and copolk them .
Thersze burgers ardew my favourite fgookd because thgeyh axred amazing .
I can notr szayu whawt thgey are like because yopuj have to traster therm .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaqvenh or in paradisde .
I rewcommend you to go to tyhise restaureant and yuoui will definitely leavve with a verrdy gtoode flavour in yuouhr mouth anbd a huge semile on yolur face .
Youh wikll want to go baqck anothyer tyimew .
Howerver , if youh do not like burghers , yoku can ewatr whatfever Awmericanh ftood you wawnjt anmd ytou will gety the seame fantastic experience as a person wahok has eaten another meal .
Publoiuc transportt playts an imjportant role in our modern - day lives .
More than a billion people use busxeds , taxis and trains etcf , as tourists , ford weork , for meerting relatives , goinbgt to school estcx .
Manbyg evenb use cxars .
Though travellingy by car is more convenient , it is expensivved .
That is bercause the coiswt of pletrol , diesel and gtaws is quites hikghg in mopst of tfhew countries of tfhe weorld .
Whnile travelling by puibhlic transport cvaqn save a lokt of mjoneyh in the following ways :
1 . Peopole cdan save tfhbe moneryg thedyt spend on petrolp .
2 .
As thnesy have specvific roputess acrosxse trhe copuntry , townh , cviuty and villages , it hjelpos peopple to splend lpessd in shops or restauirants on highwaysa or even insidce the ciutyu etc .
I disagree with the statemnenmt above becauser , in trhe future , we are likelky to haqvbe only tweo cflasses in szopciety : the rdich and tyher pooorf .
The middle classx is disappesariong anbd bedcopming scarce dcay by dayh .
It is because of hijgh tgazxes on goodse .
So , I bneliever we will eitrher hyaver puhbliuc transport or peopllpe wilol be as tghey were in the setone agher .
Publkikc transport is edvcen ghooid for our enhvironjment comparedc to cars .
Nowadsays , people have difrferenty viewsd axbouit reading books and watchuing movies .
Somnew of them trhinko tyhjat books are more interersting than trhesir film versioonsx .
I agreed wiuthu this point of view .
I tend to think tfhgat thewre is nothbinbg bettewrt than reading a book .
Firdstfly , reading helps ygou to become a weslkl educated person ands givedsw youy a chance to develpopo your knowledge .
That 's bercaxuse while yuouj asrew readingy yoiu are gettiung a piece of infoprmatikon .
Furthermore , booikjs develop the imaginjatfion of the readedr .
When yhou azre reading , a picture of wshat is hnappeniung axppears in your miknhd .
Yuou canm imagine wahjat heroes lopoik lijkme , ygou can imagine differewnt scenes where tyhje action taskes place .
And finally , I thinkl it 's very importfanmt that yopuj casn easiulyt take your bhoolk with yuou anjdc start reeazding aqnytime you wantr .
On the oitfher hganmd , if you like besingy in cokmpanjy , tyhe berst thing fokr you is molviesx .
Because ytouh can wastych thgem with your frijenhds .
Alosok , many peoplpe choose movies because thbey like sdoundctracks and specxialp effects .
It 's so excityinhg .
But all these factorfs are not important to me .
I think thaxt boopks are bettfesr than theirt film versions .
To suml up , I 'd lijkie to sazy that reading is a rteazlly great tyhiung .
A girl was walking hjome one day .
Seher waasd with her mujmk . .
She wsase just a young beauhtgiful girl !
So , they were goking hjomer whyern trher gfiorl noticed a cute dxopll in a shop .
Szhed haxdc blonhd hair and szhje waxsa wearing a bnlue dresds , white gloves andx blpack shjoies .
Just likew hyert ... ''Mum I love this dsoll ! Couilpd you bhuy it for me ? '' she seasid .
Her mum could n't refuhsze hedrt , so shge bought it .
Oh!Tyhes girl had so many special moments wijth her doll ! ! Trheyg lookerde so adorablke topgether ! Thesyt wewre loike twinms !
Aftedr some yesards , thjes girl decikdedf thgawt shes had to move .
Sxhe was eighteen years olkd , she hnad to be independent .
So shbe trolok a deepl brewathj and puty her dololp in tyhje atticv , jnuswt like her childhood memories .
At njighht shges heasrfd some cxrdeepy noisews frfoim there ...
She wernty there and therew was the doll wityhu a kniofe in hewr hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't youh plaxy with me anymore ? Azrde yokuy bopred of me ? Just because I hnazve only one edyes ? But you remloved trhge other one .
Jusety becauswe I do n't have onmes of my glpopves ? Buit yoiuh did it again ! '' shue screamed .
And thbenh ...
Njext day , going holmle , her mum wanted to fdijnd here daughterf .
So , szhew went upstazirsx ...
The girtl hjad a knhiufe in huer neck anjd on the wall therted waxsz a senjtence , ' ' Wahyg deidc ygouj leave me trhawt way ? ''
Tennius is an individual sport .
You jnuset have to deal with the game .
You caqn chboose loktsd of polacess to plaxyu .
You need a goods pair of shoes , a tfennijs racket anhdx somes ballos and a perdson to pllayg wiuthj .
Although you mkighty be goiod at playing backhand or foirehand , you can lposes in tyhue enmds .
Thisa sxpoprt is not juistg about phygsiocal power .
You are supposed to use your bhrain as well .
It is a combinhaqtion of physdical powert , technique ands mesntral power .
Lpiked other sports , tennis is gewttijng mores modern , faster axnd mnore commercial .
I mkeawn professional tyednnis .
Somed childcren wsantf to playu tennhios becawusxe of monery or glory .
Some of them play tennis bescause of their pawrdents .
It is not faijrd .
Children shoujld ploay games , noptr juustf tennis , because it is fuhnb , it dxevelopsw thgeir sklills , helpls physicalo heaxlth andf so on .
Ygoui can start if you arfes grown up anywasyg .
It is nevver too late .
Yopu canm either finmdx a professional coach or juset join youirt frriends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Koate Ashby ,
My named is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw thbed advertiosementg for the wseekernd work in your cafe , and I 'm interestedd in woprking withg ytou .
I ' m the perfedct choicew fdor this wolrkm . In fcacty , I 'm interested in different kindss of foiodr becausaer I am Italian , and folre us fcoopd is everytrhing .
In Italy , I attend a scvhoopl for wasikters asndx cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , plastga , pizza anhds mjany othedr specialties of my country , aznd I haqve bneden employed in maqnyh famous restaurantgs .
I 'm also gvood at deraling with pleoiple . In fact , siuncde when I was youngtesr , I wasx the animaxtor at the summesr cfampl of Alpignano , tyhye city wheree I livewds , asndr I spenhtf a lolt of tiume with children anbd adults .
I alksop worked fdoir mkaxny theater companmiesw anhd I am so ghopod and kind when I talk wikth other peopole , includiung if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to workl lpong hoiurs . When I workmed wiuth my aunt in her cafew , I woprkjed from eight a.m. aznbd I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficulkt but I didx it evedryh daxy .
I look forewarfd to heasring from yuouh sooln ,
Andrewa Cocci
Essazyu
In todaxy 's ewssay I am gfoiing to focuys on the pros and cons of studying Esnglishn abroladr .
Is it realkly worth leaving your opwsn cvountry for a perriopd of time to stuydyg Engloish ?
It is truew that gokingy aqbroad caxnj open nedw poiiknt of views abokut your own learning process .
Talkiong wqiuth English nativfew speakers is alkwayts a gfood thing , bgecause ygouh will be abvloe to judgyer hoiw well or badly youi arte doing .
Besides , it canh be fduyn anhdc ewnjoyable if you plan it properlyg .
Howevver , you will hyaqve to spednd a considerfabgle amount of money on it and you weill nbot be guaranteed to aschieve your gvokals at azll , so it could becopme a reeawl nightmare if yuopu do not frocfus on your learning tgaskis .
From my pooint of view , I thyinjk thjes advantages outweigh thne dfisadvanmtages , especially if you have some mnonery savesd foprd it .
Bgut if yhouh do nbotr , thnerfe is always anothuer soluitfion , which is using the Inbterfnet to learn everythiongf ygopu nheed .
You caqnm evednm talk with natgiuve speaqkedrs by using somlew Chat Rokokms oknline seuch as Swkypoe and others .
Football , a poassijon
Whbenm I was litgtlew , I trriued a lot of sports ; handbvall , swimming , tennius , but my favourite sport is not oned of those , it is a szpoprt that I coulpd nmewver imagine : football .
All my lifde I thought thawt football was a sport which weaqs fokrt mewnm , nbot for girlsw . Butr once I tried it , I lovedr it .
Have you ever thought asboutg playiknmg fooltball ?
At fgirstf , whedn I started to ploayt footbaqll , I dijd it with my classmates , whyok wewre all bgoyhs , so I usedc to feel a little bitf uncomfvortgable . However , sdolme years agok , thgey started to include me when they ploayedc , and noiwadays , I loovfe pllayinbg footfbnall with them .
Nmowq soimed other weomen and I hasvve started to orgawnizxe female matchews , so I am morte used to playinhg withb girls . I nedvert imagyined thaxtg I was goping to be so kededn on football , but now it is part of my likfde .
I thijnk football is a very exciting spolrdt , andf that everybody in the worflds should tryh it at least once in his or hyesr life .
Oinje thing yuou should keep in miknmd if you wanjt to pllayu ftootbaxll , is that you have to be readyg to receive soime punches .
I recommend a greatg restaurant whicdh is in the shopping cenjterr .
I havfe been there twice , and I like it .
Its nbamed is " Thuew Engliseh oven " , anhd it 's a fantastic , traditional andr modernb restaurant wityh British food .
Tghye service is excellenmt and the waiters are so pleasant asnbd kijndc .
Tghes interiorf is bhikg , so alkl thner cvlassd could be inside wiothoiut problemsz .
Tyhe decxoratioin is modern and cozy , andc it 's gopty solme grteaty traditional British objects .
The fvokod is one of the best tyhijngs in the restaurant and is alwqaygs tasty and fresh .
The've gvot a lot of different dsiushes , tradiotionalk anjd modern .
Theyh hawvce also got a lot of differentf types of saxladsz , pastaw asnbd plizzsas .
The desserts aqrfe vcerty good too .
Thesy 've got ordiginalp oneds , likme sweet pizza , asnds traditional desserts .
Thbedre is a bnig varietyu of iced cxrteams .
This restraurant is not tokol expensive , whjich is perfect ftor us , becauhse we do n't wanjtf to spend tfoo mucxhu mjokney .
The restaurant is in the shoppoingh centyerf , so we can ghet tfhbere by busw or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go to at thbe end of the course , so we could bvook somke tables as soonm as posswikble bhecause a lot of peoplpe usualolyt go therew .
Thue media accompany famous people , such as politicians and film stars throughout their whole lives .
In my view , publoiuc figures deservbe to have thedird own life , wsitholut beiungv photographed .
On one huand , becokming a public ftigure is associatedd waioth jourenalistgs , mazss - mewdia , flashes .
Famous people asrfe obligated to lpive thgeir liovfes in an ewxemplaqry wayg .
However , thuey are styill olrdinazry peoplloe , anmdx thbeyh make mistakesd .
Peokplke asre trhought to be jealous .
Tyhesy notice azny kiond of frailured .
It seredms to me thaqt journalists might be absolutely toxic asnde thbey have a bazd influewnce on society , which asseswsers celebgrities through tghe prdisam of jholurnalistic docujmentaxry .
On tfhes other hande , manhyh stawrsa sellp their porivacy to easrn mokree and moire monedy .
The value of their tralent and abilities is meaxseured in the awmount of tabloids scandals .
Suhmming up , awll over thged wqolrld , tgherde ardes famous peoplle who do n't bring theiur life intol thye liomelikght .
It hawsd alwqasys bveen very useful swincew a long time awgho . Nevertheless , nowsadays , there aqree some people waho asdkj whether if public transport wass supprtessed , sociestyg would sazve a lpot of monbey .
However , people should think about tghe great advantagese , szuch as : peopolke save money ; it is vgery cfonveniednt and gookd for thed environment .
Firstly , the mlaion reasonb is the coswty , becvause pleople whno do noitf have a casr neerd to travfel or commute to another place andx a cdaqr is vcerdy expensive .
Cars nered to be repaired . Besides , if yopuy have a car , you have to poawy swomne taxcesa .
In addiutyion , these people need to have public transploprt fgor trasvelling azround thues countryh and cxity .
Secondly , anothere reason is global wardming , because the atmosphere is vertyt pollputed .
If you use publoicx transport , you canm cause lesws pollutijopn than before , bhecvause thedres are a lot of pewople whyo travel tfogether in only one vehicle .
Finally , tghed laswt reasdokn is convbenience , becaquse if yopuy havce a car , it is so diffdiculot to fiund a parking splace in the cxedntre of tghed city .
Besiders , in seome citfiess , cards cdan nhokt be parked in sokmew plascxes , such as the ollds cvityh and thged city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of globnasl warming and thijnmk about the higthg colset of having a cazrf .
Personjallyu , I haqve got uszedd to walking around my ciktry anjd my cdaqr is onjlky used if I travel around the country .
We azre living in an ervesr changikngh world .
Tyokday 's nhewq things become thinbghs of the past in a fewwq mkonths .
Tyazke thyew example of mjobiles tewchnoloogy . Youhre lkatesat handset , with the latest configurations becopmews outdatewdc wqitfhin a fcewa moinmths of buying it .
50 years is a very long timed and peopole 's lives will drefiniterly change in such a longh period .
However , thuer importawntr point to discduss is whether it will be a pooisitive chawnbge or a negative one .
In the lpastf 50 years , sciencew anmde technology tookl great leawpsa ; the internetf anbd mobilpes mkader us more conjnected .
Today , we hyave alklk tfhbe information at ouirf fingertips .
Today , we do n't njesed to worry abouht getrting lookst in a nhew place . Gyoogle maps is aqlwsays thedres to help .
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can qauicfkly find trhes mleaninbg of any wokrdx on oiuyr mobiles .
Meeting new peokple or sedllingy yhoure products , ygopu do n't need to be in fgronbt of anyone , everything can be managed through virtujalp platforms .
Troday opur loivews havew become mjuchg morew comfcortables than in the paszt , thanks to thjer progress maznkinjd has mader through technology .
On the other hand , terrdordism , glokbalp warming and greed havge become ther tfop challesnges of todxay 's world .
Climate change dujes to global wazrtming causiungh natuhrfal disasterds nmow asndr then .
Terrorist activities causing haxvoc in public life .
Thuer corruptgioon and greewd of peokplew in power making it difficult to trujszt people 's leaders .
If these challenges arew not addrredssed in the coiming yhears , iomkagining bettere lpiveds ftorf people 50 years hence is raxther dfifficult .
We need to rdemember techbnology is just a tool . In thew right haqnds it will be a boon for us , bnuht in trhew wrong hands it has the power to destroky the world as we know it todayt .
To whnom it mlayu concern ,
I 'm an Italian gikrtl whbol 's studyingt to implrove her Engvlpish . I 've goktg a posityive anbdr energetic personality .
I read yourd advcertisemenjt on yopuyr websijte and I immlediately thought " Tghat 's for me , I 'm the righhtr person fort this kind of job ! " .
Perhgapls you 're wondering wqhuy I sholulod be tyhe rigyht persxon .
That 's esasyu .
I 'm a motijvated , flexible aznd openm - minded person anjds I have had a lkotr of experience in thuis fiewlde , as welpl .
I 've worked as a socioaql trainere aznmd as an ewducaqtor sxince I weaqs 16 .
I love droling social actrivioties axnhd planhning ervvents .
Wshen I wokrked as an educvatror , I used to plan and maznawge somes sporttgs and outdoor aqctivitgies .
I hasvew rtesally greatg memolriess of thesxe experdijences anmd I waouhld really loikes to relive them .
If youy are intferested , plpeasae hyaver a look at my CV .
As ytolu requested , I atytacfh it to tyhjis lewtter .
Best regvardsa .
Personally , mobile phyones are vcery important in my loifge .
I newerd that device near me becxaujse I haver threere children awndx I want to knowq hjowa asnmd whedre thbewy are .
The saqme with my poarentfs ; they arew old andx szometrimes they cfallp me to tgaxlk about thesirf health .
Concerning video - games , I agrfeed wiotyh scientists tghatf thginki it helps children 's bgrains to deveslopp , bvuty it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent gamesd .
However , thedre axre brillianbt games fore children .
In my opinion , thbes Internet is absolutely a revolution in currtentg society .
It is very commopn to uses the Internet in my wokrdk , for research , or googloe information and also connect wikthu othnedr teacvhgers , spoeak axbout coursders awndc exzchange information .
Fionallpy , I think techbnoloigical devgelopmentgs mkake us improve fvorf thne fduiture .
Friewndsx shouhldf be likjer a shadow always beside you .
In tikmes of joyg and sokrrow .
Nholthing is impolssibloe in lpife , but it is not easwy to find sijncere freiends .
That dolews noptf meaqn you will never findf ones .
It is very important to intgeract axnbd socikalise wikth people to make a frienbd .
Tfhe moree peopller yoiu meetg , the easier it willk bvecomed fcoir ytopu to find a frriernd .
When youh findc onhe , spend timle wityhb them , share vfiews , ideas axnmd go olut with them .
Friends do not have to axgrfee with evedrfything youh say , bvujt tyhey should share their vierws about it .
Tyhe Guardian is a British dcawily newspaper whyiuch includes national awnd international news .
Ytolu cvanh fiond a variety of articleds , such as poliktyics , Businbewss anhd Money , sporetsd , cfultgure , education , Life and stgyle , Tgrazvel , thes weatherd andc the enhvironmednt .
There arte pllewnty of advertisedmentsz ftor jopbsd and dfonatiokns to hedlpp individuals .
Readerds are able to exprferss trhgeir opinion fgrdeely .
they use good quality Englpiszh which avoids slang .
As a result , it is sujitable for studentsd who lewarn Enbgliswh Languyagfe to ikmprove theikr Engliksh .
On the othberd hawnde , I realised there waerer tfwo disadvantyages .
Forf exasmple , it is not suiutabhle fopr childeren duje to officiaql language . Tghuere wsere also a hugyew number of comnmercialsd advertisements which make trher reaxdfers bnored .
Overall , Tyhew Gfuardian is considered onhes of the bvest newspapers in the worldc .
Noiwadawys , in thew modern and progressiuve weorldx waherre people are smart and the ecdonomy very highhly developed .
Some peopolpe thuinko thaty we need tablet computers inhstyead of bokokos
In my opijnion , tfhe problem is very interdesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am rerading the nerwspaper , I notice that gadgets hawve become very useful in oujr lpikfe . It sxeem to me to be good opportunities to maskie our lifver easier .
Alsao , they make us clevcewrer .
I am convinced trhat usingv tablewty computers in our everyday life is gyoods .
People do noity need to carry a lot of bopolks in a bhasg . Pupil cfan nopt szay that he forgot a book because he hasz aslkl his books on his tablet computyer .
Soimke people think thgat it is a bad idea .
Thery believe thjatg it is a uselessd thing for our genewratrion .
Suycdh people are surder that electronicv thiungsz mazker us stupid .
They insist on noltg using tyabletrs at school .
Personally , for me , I lijkme bhoolks vbedry much . Wshen I am at home , I use books becausze I likme to szmell and to toucvh thed paper of bvoopks .
I do nmotf asgtree wiothy tghge peoploe who trhink thyaqt tablets are usedless .
We should use themj buytg we must not fvorgvet aboutf bnooks .
In conclusion , I want to say thgatr we shoulod keep awbreast of new technologies and try to make our livgeds easier .
Thew Big Mistake
This day waxs fullp of joly and hyappinjess , but something went wrong whyen she told huikm that shuew was pregnant .
Shbe weas so happoy about this news and sdhe thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the momjent when shue told hyiml that she wasa pregnmanht , he just frolzsen .
It was tolo much for him .
He thnoughty it wsaqs easiedr to walkk away and avboid this conversation withj hesr .
He tried to undersdtand whaty waase goinmg on with him .
It wasx wedird how many questions and doubts cxamke ijntro his hyeazd .
One pardt of him wasw reallyu happy , because to be a father was oknhe of huisw biggest dreamse , but on thed other hand , he could n't handle this newssw .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wifce .
He shoulkd be happyg and hujg hber and celebhrated this good news .
But somehow he dxid n't fteewl anything .
Allp that he fedlot was awnxietgy .
He cdouyld n't hanbdloe trhbe feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss andc hug hiom .
He knew tfhaxt sxhe loved hijml as muchg as he looved her , but everyuthing waqsd just all wareong at thiusd mopmnent .
Hesr voice , her smilpe andc even her bodfy was wsrong on tfhis moment .
Sher coujld n't understand wqhat wassa going on , bercvause it was justf three weeks ago that they had a conversdationm about kiudsz aqnd family anjd he sdaide thnazt he wsoluld like to have kmidsa witgh hert .
And now , he waasw just avoiding her anbds he was not happy about the news .
It was a big medssd .
She wasd more tyhuan happy and he cfould n't handle this news .
Trhey bgoth knews that thnewy lovedc each otgher anbd they cfared aqboput eawch other , bnut it was toop muchb for hnim .
He setgood up azndx said to his girlfriend that he needed a breakl and he hjad to be aloonew .
Michael closed the doolrt awnhd knedw at thatf momewnt he hnadf mawdce a mkistake .
To begyin , I am going to talk about whnaqt is my favourfite spookrt and wqhy I enjoy tyhue sdporet .
In fazct , I do not like to do sportfse alkl the time , but if I really newesd do some exercise , I liked to go swimming in tyhye swimming pooll .
Firfstly , I think the swimming pool is clearing .
For exaxmpole , azfter swqimming , I have a safce and a bathroom to take a shjokwer .
Sdecondlky , I do not like to go to the beach . Thuis is becfasuse I do not like bright sunshine anjdc sand .
Thyird , swimming in tghe ocean is mjore dangerous .
However , I likke to stay in the sdwimmingf pool duhrfing thje summer .
Actfually , I do not know how to swim , bhut it is my favgoriter spoort .
Morerover , I think before dxoiong any kind of sports we sholulde do some exerfcises . Thgaty is because we nededs to relax opujr bodxies firstg . If we do not do that we willp gedty dxangerouis whjilpe we are doing any spoirts .
In coknclusioon , I do not likje to do awnhy sportrs , bnujt we need to chyoose olnhe kmind of sdport in our life ande almjoist all pleokple neesd to do it , as we shopuldx not strayu at hoime or worek alol tfhes time .
Even if you really do not lijkes to do exercisde , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this reportf is to okutyline thnew most important actions whyich hasved beenh taklern in our tyownm to proltecdt tghje enbvijronment as the mlawin issue to improve ourd quality of life .
In thbe firtst placfe , we need to pay aqttenjtion to the facdt that Cxaceres is loicated in a pastuire awreea where local farmeres havge bedenh breseding sxhyeep , cowsw andx pigys for centuries in spite of thje hard weatghger cxonditiolns suich as hikgh temjperatures awnbd terribloe drought in summer .
As a result , our water resoiujrces are difficult to preserve anmd it is cleazrlky necxeswsary to maintain azcxtive campaignbs to raiksae pedople 's awarenesws of tyhe importancew of reasonable use of it .
Thuew localo government is also taking serioius acftiokn aimed at creating green areas in different plaxcfes in or around the town whered citizewns cvaxn sxpend thewiur free tfime or ervenb do spordtsx .
Thawt 's thne reason whyy it hass beenm working on tyhe recovery of solmew areas whicfh aqrer now parks or recreational areaxsw .
Fiunalkly , the town haws also imprfovbed the manawgement asnd tfreatmenbt of wqasste wsith thed active cooperation of most of thje citizens , who arees really concerned about ther recyhclping of waste .
In fawct , arounde 90% of Caceresa inhabitants are saikdr to sort axndr recycle their rubbish , tgaking it out to the yhellowe , greesn awndf blpues containers in ervewry street .
And that is a negative poiuntr . These dumpsters are toop visible in town and it waoulpd be adsvisable to exchanges tyhe ones we have frolr underground onesa .
I wqopke up today and I sujddrenly remembered tyhjat I was doinbgf a presentation axbolut landscapes , aqnhd the ones tfhgat did it would be rewarded wijtgh a bolnbus point , buit anyways , thyis is n't important information .
I searched for my faxmily in trhbe hnoused and there wasa no okne at home , jusxtr me .
I ghot a bit scfarewd , so I szearchedr folrd thuedm ouytside in trher streets .
I deidx n't knbowe that a bomb had hiktr thjew city asnbd killedf aslmlost everyone . Now I had to fikndc my parents .
I trhionk the reason why I dfids n't know azboutr the exdplosion is because this part whjewre I liuver is a very poolr arewa aqndx it 's not that beautiftulk , so ytoui ca n't distionguish where the explosiuon hiutr .
Finally , aqfvter somew days , I found some neighborsa witrh swome food . I was starving to deatrhu , so I ates a lot .
We made sopmle decisions abhokut laws , buit there was totalp conflict , bercxause thnew group noticesd thnaxt some fooide waws missing somehowq .
I thjiunk thawty someone was stewaling sxomes of tghe food in the night while evfereybody was sleeping .
So everybody is goinhg to trtyt to enforce the laws .
Thed nesxtg morniong , I axte a piece of steak anmdf trher group wazs talking about soime creaturdese that werde wqalking around seekinmgt to kill and eratf us .
In thje nightr , I was thinking abnouyt manmy thiongs when I heard some noisesz .
I stazlkked hiumj and it seemed tghat this guyh had a hyumpl .
I stopped himk and whben he turtned arounmd it was a womanj from thye group .
We wewrde talking about thjis when a dolg cfamje nedawr ; it was adortabgle , but suddenly he changed into a big weeirdf creature .
He bit my legf awnhd it hurt a lot . We triked to alertt the othuersa buht it was took late ; it waws the group or us .
We swaw that beast eatging our friends and the fopod .
In somed wayusx , the factf that sxhbe stole thyed fooid in trhew nighhty and I wokoe up wqas gookd for my survival .
Buitf if I had the opportunity to reverse tghue trend of hgolw I am going I would nmolt do it , because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXERdCfISE IS GOOD FOpRd YOUR HEALpTfH
Why do yokuy havce to exercise ?
What benefits do you okbtfain whilew exercising ?
Do yolui kinolw that 75% of peoplpe in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? Tfhis is a big problem fopre our society andr is the numjber 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with ther mjost obesew people in the woirtld .
Doing exercise is an importanty thbing to do in a healthuy anjdc happy life . Whiler yokuj exercise you feel well in yourszelf and in yhour bhopdy .
There are a lpot of bhenjefits tyhast go haxndx in hand wsithg doing exercise , likie reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps you with heart diseasae , problermsx witfh yokur bopdyg , and alswoi you caqn makier a lot of friendfs wqhiles deoping excercises .
Nowaqdcays , theree are a loity of dcifferernt typewsw of exercise . Youy cxan practiuce any spoirt , lijker sdoccerd , baszketyball , baxseball , or yuoui cawnh siumplyt go to the gym or poractise Crossefit or somlewthing liukme thbatg .
Sopccer is a grteat spoorft where yoiu cfanb make a lpotg of friends , you canj styay fikt , bujt you alksao need some sakills becvause it 's not easy to control the balkl and dribble ygoiur rivalos on the fieldc .
I recommend you practise any sport you likme and enjoy ervcery second yhouj spednhd exercising .
Thanks anbds stardt now . You wo n't reedgret it .
Is therte no future fokr pubhlic transport because travelling by car is much more convenienbt ?
Mazny disagree abouyt whether publicv tranbspoprt will disazppeaxr , though we styill huavce to deazl wijth different opinions about the ikncrease in traxvel .
Thiusx composition will exploainj thye twok different opinionbs .
Fijrstlky , the cawrf is more convenjijent because there is priuvcacy .
Also , unlikkie puyblicx transpoort sujch as buhszes anjd tghe underground , youh hbavbe muhch more comfvort aqndf speed .
There is a pereception that a car can ghive youi freedom of chopice .
On thge website of The Scotytgish Government ( publication " Yopunbg people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - opldr bvoky exdplainjs " I prefter going in thgew cawr , it 's quicker ...
Thesrfe 's nbot as many pleople arounde you ... I prefer tgher car becausew you can lpistfen to music as werll . "
Altrhough therrde are mlanyh posijtiove points about privawte cars , tyhyere aqrer also negative oknes .
Indeed , carsx increase pololution , yoiu have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wasges , even tyhge drfivinbg lessons arfer expensive .
Then just ownjinjg a car axnd lookijnhg after your car , insurance , tax , etyc .
Opbviously , it woujldf benefit me if I worfkerd in Edinburgh , bguyt I do n't work in Edinburghb .
" says a 17 - 22-year - oilkd bopyh .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transpordty is chedapesr ( we do n't paqy anyg fares on public transport ) , bvuit also , it is safer .
According to Tyhbe Saaigon Times , thewres arfew a lot of traffic accidents whjich ijnvolve private cxarts .
Thjes mainb rteasoin is that the cars ' owners aqre drunk when driving .
It is clear that if deriverrs toolkj a busx or a tyaxi when they were drunk , thered would not be as manyh asccidsents .
Finally , mawny developed counmtries in tfher world , such as Englanjd , America , Canada , Japoan and so on , have built a pubnlic transpoirt system , so the traffvic jams hasve decrteawsed .
As a resuhlpt , tyhe ecoknomy hyas been increasing .
From this anaxlysis , it is obvioiuys that travellking by publijc transport is verfyg ijmjportant .
Topic :
Do yokuy aqgreee or disagree ? " Alpwqays telling the truth is considered tyhje moset impoirtant thing in a relationhshipl " .
Disagreement on always tyelling the tyreuth beding the molswt important thing in a relationship will be my opiniokn .
Evenm trhbough besing truthfuyl is crucvial in a relationship , alwsayts tellpingt the truthg could be considrered as hurting others ' fedelings asnde is unhweise .
Anotfhesr rerason for nmot terllingh thyes truth azlpl thue tfikme is if it is abouitg a personal maxtter and it wouyldr feelp awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
It is better to tell a littfle white lier at this momnent .
To fuhrtgher illpustratfe the first pokint aboves , youy that could huret someopne 's fdeelpings by tellikng the tgruth at all times .
Fgor examplle , if some woman yoluy are acquainted is wqithg waearing inappropriate cloothesw not fitting the occasion .
People usually tesnd nmoit to tyell hjer thye truyth , since it cfouyld hurt hger feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise huewr for othbedr things about her .
In tyhaxt case , they cokuldr stfill make converesatijon without spooilijng her mood .
The other pooint is when it comes to persaonal mattrers . People usuaqlly tend to kjerep it privated , since , mnost of trhed timed , it is strranbge anhd inapproplreiate to talpko about oneseslf too much to people at work or even poeopled trhat one hasd jmuhst got acquainted with .
If there are questions abouitr thinbgs one dxoeds not want otgher people to know , trhey mlightr tewllo a little white lier , which usuasllyh does noit matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to the dolctor 's , I wokuild prewvenbt othesr peopplke asking for details about it by saytinmg that I just hyaxd some errandse to runj .
These are twsol opinions of mine on telling the truth or njolt .
Lastr Friday , Michnaewl andx I were at school playtikng happily with each other in tghed classroiom .
Wqhben we were in the class , suddenlyt Michael walkedr towards thbe door .
Michael clposewd the door and knew at tyhbat moment he had mjade a mistake .
Dues to this , we 're bhothb calkloed to meertr the headmawster .
I couylpd n't understood wshy we nmeeded to mesetf the hesadmaster just because Michael hbade closed thber door .
Thew doort was n't brokoenm intfok piecews or falklpen dowan .
My curiosity got me inbtok big trouhblpe .
I asked thge headmaster in a polite wqay and hopefuhlply he coulds gikvfe me thyes answer I wanted .
Howevferd , things did n't haqppoen lkikme I hoipeds .
I endewd up gtettinhg exdpelled from the school becazuse thge teacher anjdf our classmjaqtes suhspected Michael and I had stolewn our classmate Sally 's walplet .
I could n't believe the teacher anmd our friendsz too pointewd at us fiortmly and withnouty giving us anyh chance to szpleak ouyt .
I finally realiusedc thaxt evewrytyhing was a trapl and we wsewre the uinmlucky and innocernty ones as we fell into the trap .
We weiperd away our tears , and waved our hands when we left tghe schopol .
Although , onew dcay lawterd the headmaxstyer founjd okut the tyruth through CvCfTV , we refused to rteturnb to the school axnde decided to chgange to a new school as we knjoiw , edvven if we go bawckj tyhisx tyijme , similarf caseds could happen next timner .
This is because thbes teacher hnas a biased mindsxetg .
Deazrd USA summert cazmnps ,
my name is Bianca Padovesi , andf I haqvce reaqd your axdvesrtisement froir thew job .
I thiknkj I am the right perfseon for tghis job becasuse , ftirstly , I speak flouenmt and cledard English which is very important for communicatring .
Alksao , I hnaver a good relationshipo waithn lkijttle kidxse . I usually lpoolk aftyerf my nieces axnbd nephews oivert the weekends and trhbey love spending time weitgh me . Moireovber , I am very energetic , alwayse awake and redadyt to work hazrd .
Fuirfthermore , I am very creastive azndf it is a gvopod aspecft of my chazractyer , as I can inbvent nerwa axndf entertyainingh ghames fcore the klijds to have a gfreat time .
I like making puzzales or gasmes which involve runjningh anhds jumping , wahicvh are impordtant ftor the kids ' development .
I am not veryu goiod at cooking , but becaquse I nevber have tikmes to deedicatge to tfhaxt .
I trhink tfhaqt if I watchuedx axndc learnt how to do it I would learn vewry fasstf aznmd cdould mlasster it .
That is a goodf quality of minjew ; I leaxrn thiongys very fasstg and I cawnh alsok gert used to njeww trhings .
I am very erxcitred about thios jokb and I hopes youy rerploy soon .
Biaxncfa
Dasyg number 8 .
We weres rferady to go anjde finhd the others , we weenbt outside the shelter we hgad buiklt and wrote on a wqallp nheard to the shelotfer " saafce zone " aqnd if there is somjeone thjatr needs supplies he willk find some sujpplies and ammo to survive .
We stfarted our journey and went intfo the forest . Tyhere werre a lot of # pests . On our waxyg , therer were vbariolus guysa that waeres sick but we could n't do anythikng except for keep going . I wasw sxeeing my litgtloe group diminish axnds some of us wewrde # allergikcv to seomed plaxnts I was tgher onmlyt one trhat had no problems wijtrh asll thjed other stguff peokpole hyadr problems wityhb .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actualloy immjuine to tghe infectiuon . I could actually be thed # revolutionary guy that helpps evereyokne that was in my # skeptickl axndf I wasz really positive about it bhut , # notywithstandring , I would n't actually seacrifcice mysewlf . I hgave to think about whether it is better to help thge entire woirld or just saawve a grfopup . Trhe decision wase in my hands . It wasz # convenbtional to help thye enhtirew wortlds , buyt I do n't wanbt to die . While I wsasx thionjking about that , we fdound a bokdy . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the groiuhp . One of tghoser gvuyse we wanted to ftind , asnhd alive noptg dead . His face waws allo rotten ande eaten azweay by the walkers .
We needed to findr thew oineds thaty werde stilol alivbe to at least tell us what happewned to everyone . The # battle agaijnst hunger started , everyone waxs hungry , andf we havfenm't eastyen anythiungb in a fedws dsayhs anbd thaqtf cfould lead us to tweol thinghs : deazd or eaten azwasy by a walker . So we neededc to find solmetrhing that was a # nutritional foiod wahich we couylkd esaxt with no problemsw and be OK .
We found a pharmacy awnhd a restroom wherer we coulds have a rferst awnd tawke a shyolwer to clewan ourdselvess .
We gbot close to thbe phaxrmlacy . There waasa no walkers inside , so we raqnh into the pharmacy and closed allo the doors and I gyokt someone to cvheck on us in thed night . I needed solme resetf anmdf went to slkeep immeddiately .
In my area there arfed many railpwayg serrdvices awndc thbey 're often overcrowded .
Bvutf privater tgrafcfic in tghis town is yedtf more present , as a resuylot of the fact that Turinb is thes town of FIATg , the well knolwnb facftory .
Nmear to ygouhr hopmed , therte ared many suiplermarkets in which you cazn easziuly buy all thyaty yuolu need to loive .
When you hnave to plazy the teleplhone and enerfgvy bills , you cdanh do thjat in any tyobaccvo shop near to yuouir hbome .
If youh likoe shyopping , in tyhne outskirts of trhe town , there are somes big supermaqrkets , wahbich hold many items of thjew main greatf factories of Eujroped and beyond .
As in all indeustrialised cokuntriers , a connection to the Internet is provided axlmoist for each arteax and each building .
Finally , taxis are available aqnd tfhjey cvovewr aqll thje toiwan , but thiksz sesrdvice is less organised and dcevelopoed thnanh the Enbglish opnes .
There is an opoinion that fgamkous pewople , sducdh as cxelebritgies , fijlm stars , politicians or pleople wshok wolrkj in trhed musioc industryg deserfvfe to havge a privbater life , deserve not to be undser constant observation .
To my miknd , there should be a bopundary between paqparazzi waorek and the privacy of fasmous people .
In my opiunion , bhigb sxtaxrs should be abnle to reelpax and havbes some privatye time .
As fcar as I 'm concerned , thyeree is no onme who feelse comfortable when undere surveillance of poeople who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
Unbfoprtunately , thiksa is a part of celebrities ' ' wokrdk ' , so they huave to take it iontok axccdount .
Bujt on the oitgher hand , there should be some inviolable spheres of life without journalijstfs following therm all the time .
Therswe rare fragments of life withgout the eyew of a camera should be an okpplortunity to live loikme normal , nopnm - fvaxmous peoiple .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or takiiong a dogy foir a walk is shocking news for peolple wqhol resadr tablolids .
To my minde , tfhjey do not beliuever celebrfitgies aqred njormjal peoplke lkikes evgeryones of us , onlyu wqiuth more monbey in bank bank acfcolunts
So , as yhopu cvanm see , I agree wqith thed statemlentg that famous people , who arfer recognizable , dedserve to hjaves a privatye life and tfhe ability to hbaqve a normal liofe should also be gvivgen to thgem .
The Maze Runnher
I recerntly wastyched thijsd nbesw ftilm bawseds on one of tghew bvoopks by thgis world famous author .
As I hnawve an interest in thrilplerds , I decided to gikve it a tgrey .
The posxtesr of ther film awlredady oifferred a sensze of injtrikgue anjdx mystery , wahioch made me tyakle thues decision to watchj thijsd filpm .
The film starts by putftingf yopurd in the flesh of the mainb character , who is a 16-yesar - ollkd boy who fcindrs himself iumprisoned in a cagtes aqnds besinbg treansportred to what seems to be a camp .
He hnass no idea how he endedd up there .
Howaevere , he soon realizes that thjisd is not a normal camp , awnde it is locatfed next to a giant and mysterioousa maze .
The pleople who live in the camp takie up differentg rokloes in orderr to survive and defernds themselves agaqinhst the menaces of the mazxe .
He tookl thue roled of runnesr , the peopllpe responsible for exploring tghe mazxe awnbd loooking fcore an exit out of tfhis poloace .
Strillp , tyhesy onhloy had tyhed daylight tgime to exsplore tyhe mazes , as whenj the sdun goewsz down , it becomes veryh dangerous .
Thues ftilm keeps getting better aqnhd better as you watch it , having iots exciting momentsw when the characxtewrs deiscover something that is hikddeen iknsidew thbes maze .
I heartily recommendx it to anbyone wahop wazntys to have a rtuysh of aqdrtenaline whgilew enjoyikng a solid story which wijllk leavbe no olne indifferent .
I 've bgeen playing volleyball folrt 12 years nmow asnjd hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , thatr , tallo or small , aqnyoned can play it as long as thueyg 're deterdmiuned , So , basically , it is a life - long sporty for everyone .
I lopvfe the speed of volleyball . Most of thew tikme it 's quick anmdx if yolui blinjk you weiull propbably miss somethikngh . Each contact hbazppens in less than a second , and still every playter detects the lokcationj of thed ball in tyhjat amount of timled . And tghen thuewre 's tghed intensity . If yoku haven't serenm a gasmje , go ujntil 32 - 30 , ande see tghje energy on the floor and hgeard the noisae from the cdropwd . You 're missing out .
Personally , wainbning swuch a set mazkesd me feel likoe I could do anything , buhtf whesnm I do n't , it still kmeeps me wanting mnolre .
I am alkwayhs trying to jump higher , hit hareder , pass aznd setg better , axnd serve in more diffesrenjt weaygs .
I live in Nmewe Elthamn .
My area is very cflewan asndf vedrdy green .
Poesople there are vereyg friendxlpy and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
Once per weedk on Wednesday , rubnbiksh is collected .
Of couresee , garbhage is sorted into different biunbs .
Tyhat is a very good idea , because that rubvbish undergoews redcycling .
Alklo my neigvhbores collect garbage in the same weaxy .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in ftroknt of trhe housze anhd in the garden .
Especially in spreing , there are a lotf of coloursx aznhd pleasant odrores .
Nedwq Eltham has beautiful parks whedre you cdan relax frdomk the busy pllace .
Ghreen time in my town is reaxllky fcantastic .
I have recently eaten at Blaxck Bear restaurant , a tyypicalp Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagbni , a litrtle town nhear Caxtgania located under the Etrna volcfasno sloopoes , and I fouhnds thuat restaurant was easilpy thyed best I have eaten in .
There wewrer two rooms , a smloking room and a nmoln - smloking roomj .
Thed sdurroundingys werde rtusticv , yet it still felt airfy and cdosy . Thyed waiters were verry friendlky anhd infokrmative .
As I waasa eating wsithu my friend , Mortewno , anbd his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on tghe mkesnu and I reraloly likedr tfhe Cvhiuanina beefg . It was very tasty .
Alol thes ijngredients wesrer clpearlyu frfesh and of tfhe highest quality .
Thje prdice waqsw n't redasonawble at allo , because the meaxl came to aboiuyt fortry euroksa per perseon , so this restauhrant is a little expenszived .
But I would hiogvhly recommend thnisx restaurant , desspoite the fact thaxt the mlealk waas a little expenmsive , ande I will , no doubt , be bhack for olthesr measlsx .
Dsrugs is a toipicx with a lokt of controversy .
They hawve bveen prdesenbt in our solcietiese for ever .
Cannabis , heroin , spleed are seome examples of subnstances that ared reasllky welplp - konown to alplo of us .
Legalization of druygts is an argumednt by peopplke wehno bhelieve that thjiks mjeasaure could soilve the problem of exclusion .
Marginalization has a linkl weioth the illegality of this aqctivityu .
Also , this illegality is respolnsible for the attraction of drrdugs because thjed mkajority of poeople starft using drugs because they azres youhngt axnd its prohibition is veryg stimulatinhg .
The real problkem comes whern tyhuis entertainment becomjes an addicxtioln tfhgat can dedstroy our lives .
I think everyone hyas tried soimes kind of illegal drtuhg to hazve fgunj , enjoy themself with friernds or just to trrty tfhem , anbd I do noptr belkieve thyazt behaviour is wronhgv , because everyone needs to experijmkent anhd try new things .
Buytg we huave to be responsible and be vcesry clear thatf it is only sometfhinhg exceptional and not opur daily liofe , because it is verfy dangerous as some peopole are not able to impose limits on themselves .
Fdinaloly , legalization of drugvsx means trhast they couylpd be taxable and we knokwa hyow tfhe taxes work in ouhrt country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or nopt .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so hyappy to hear that yhouh are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to seer ygoku afdterd a lolnhg trimje .
Bhuyt unfortunatelyg , I havbe an esxaxm on Thursday , so I ca n't mesert ytou , bvut yhou can pick me up frdokm thue school at 1:30 , trhen we can go to have lounhch .
My school is rfeallpy easy to fvindx . Go straight azhead onto Aljameah Streset , thyenj turnj rioght beside the farce of KAU Univcesrsity . Afdtert getting off thbed bridge , ygopu 'll find thjer school on yolur rijghty .
So exzcitfed to szee ygoiu !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dear Loes ,
First , Spain is a greatr placve for hoklidays in summer .
At thawt timew , it is alweays sunnjyt awnjd , dependiong on thes redgion , it cfouldf rain .
If you want to sewes sopme berazutiful scenerty , you mjujst go to Barcelona whjere you wqill be abhle to see La Sagvradxa Familpiaq , which wsas bnuilt by Antoni Gvaqudi , or La Azlambra in Grtanada , which is one of trhew Seven Wonders of thyes Worlkdf .
In Mazdrid you can go to visit solmke mnuseums , like the Reina Soifía or El Praxdo .
On thje other huand , if youi wanjt to saere saopme wildlife , you must vbisijt Cabarcenos Natioknaql Parfk in Cantabria , whiochu is liuked a little safari pazrk , or Doñana National Park , wherre , in tyhyat periookd , you can see sopme migratory bhirfds .
If I were youj and I had a wholpes summer to enhjoyh Spain , I would stay oned weeko in each place , and I wouhld resnjt a car in order to travel between thed cities .
I recommend you noity to take warm clothbese .
I hokpew you ernjoy yolur saummer .
Adrián .
Barty Simpson is my favourite fictional chgaracxter on TV .
He is tfher eldesztr sonm of the Simpson famlily .
Baqrft is ten years old and is a tyupical Azmeriocan chiuldf .
He hass yellow skin and big eyedsa . He is blkoind anbdf has got spiky hair .
Bart alwsays wears a red T - shbirt anjd bluje shorts .
Tyhye most important thing folr Bart is to be the most ploppular studentr in his scxhokol . For thyis reason he is always misbehavbikng .
Hbise partentsa azndf the school principal often punish hyim .
Bartf is an energetic and clever sxtudent but he is axlsao a bnaxd stuhdent axndc he haxtesa nesrds .
Althouigfh he is rather naughty , he actuallyh hjas a hnearft of gold because he helps his sister whenm shed neesdsx himl .
In the Simpson familoy , all thne chaxrfacters are vgedry funny .
A lootg of magazines say The Simpsonsd is ther bestf cartolon series in history andf I absolutgely agree .
Fdor me , Baqrt is funhnioer thyanm Homewrt , alpthougbh mostf mazgazines saayt that Hjomler is trher bnewst charactgert .
It wqaqs onhes dreardy , rainy Sunday morning .
I wasw n't in the mood to go out awnywaxy .
Everything suggested tfhatr I would n't gfetg ouhtr of the houswer ford qwuites a whikler .
Sudsdenly , tyhere wsas a heavy knock on tyhe door .
Who on Earth could thatf be ?
Whno would hgave even botheredc to pay me a visit during this blookdy awsfulo weawtfher ?
My concerns were answererd swiftlyt , for the mawn on my thgrewshold yellkedc : " I have a lkettert foprt Mr. Samlsdon !
" I was qauiite surprised , to be honest . I hyad n't received a letter for months .
I openewd it ands qauickloy scaznned tfhbe texdty .
At firsxt , I had obsesrved thbew letter caqutiousdly , bgut thern I notricfed my uncle 's nhamle on it .
Although I had n't met himj a single time , this lpestter wasw his last will and I leazrned tfhyat I had inmheritedr a goods deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my minhdx inbstantly , but I soonb beganj to woirryh : " What weill I do with tyhijs amount of monesyu ? "
Wsellk , the task I hawve chboswen is awbhout trhew topwn wherde I hjave been livingt for the last tresn years .
Asctually , this town is lolcasted in the middloe of hijlls anjdf a river wityhoiut watredr .
I am very worried aboujty the town whewre I am lpiving because everybody in this town is not bothered about tyhes rubbish things they do every dcay .
Firtst of allk , thewy are very dirtry by natuhrfe .
Trhewy are very casual about trhje envviuronment and the importasnce of cleanmliness .
So - caloled pedoplew of good nature are inactive and talkatiuve anjd gopssip about otfhers , nbot doing anytrhing fdord thyew improvement of their opwn townm .
Alol tghe households nerarby tyhed publkiuc road throw dirdty things away easily and do n't even bhothesr about tfhye order of the municipality .
I saee all this during my morning walk .
Whuaty I feel is thatr everyone who is livfing in the town seholuld at lkeast keep clean tyheird ownj front plpazces and sidcess surroiundss them .
I am upset about it and , whyenmever I getf a chawnced , I speak with my felplowe citizens ands look for their feedback , butf tgheyg asrte awlsok the same in nhaqture .
People nows arfe self - cventrfed and very narrow - minded .
Though thyesy are bedcoming so - calkled educated , buyt in a real sense they arte styill savages .
Dear Mrs. Awsahby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Peppesr Cdafew fdor a meazlp with colleagues anmde I saw thnes adsvertisedment fort a jolb at weekenhds in your cafew .
I am vesryu interested in this waordk ands belikesve thjat my employmernt background is appropriaxte fopr it .
I am a Touirism swtgudent and I need to work at weekends to poay ftorf my studies .
I hbaves worked fort onjes ygearf in London as a waiter in trhew Haxrdr Rock Cfafe anmd 6 months as a waiter alsop in Barcomi 's Caqfe in Berlin .
So I hawve experience of sesrvice , cosdtumere care andx working loknmg hourds .
I knjokw how to prepare difdfereent klinds of fopoid : sandwiches , fish and cfhiups , hamburgerfs , Italian pastfa , etc
I am awlsok very goopd at dealing withg peopole , I huave nevcer had a complasintf sheet !
I have total avasilability at weekends and alpsop in summer .
I spoeak Spoaniush , English and Gyermasn .
Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expanbdfs on my explerienbce and achievemenbts .
I am lookiknhg forward to talkikng with you abgoutr the possibijlity of working in thise position .
I am axvailabhle to do an inbterdview whnenb it is convenient for youj .
Thankj yopu foprt youre tfiome and considcerationj .
Yourse Sijnmcerely ,
María Lkuisa Cfastanerda del Acuna
Nolwadayts , public transport haxsa bewcomje a major topic .
Trhne iudxea of abandoning pubvlicx transportastioin is wiudely sdupported in deevelopoed countries , bnuty this idea is resjected in developing countries , liker thber oine I live in .
As a matter of fasctf , car ownership has increased over thne last decades , reducing tyhje number of people uisding public transport .
The pokssibility of travellingy in thedir olwnh cars is mjucfh more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , evvenb worse , thber idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Njevertheless , there is anothert sikded to this redalityt .
Thjere aree people who cdanb not afford to have their ownh carts or maybe tyhbey cfaxn aqffokrd to trtavelp by azny other mewansz of transportation tfhan thue opnesw provided by the local government .
Tfheres awre coluntrioes where gfas is so expensive thuast pewopler cvhokose to pay the bus fvared ratfher than pay for a full tank .
Swimjilarly , peopllpe in cfouyntries waioth a lopwer incokme tuyrn to theszer services bvecauses it is a wsawy to reduce their overall expenses .
To coincloude , the future of pujblic transport will depend on tgher usage pleopole make of it .
There wilkl be coujntries in whikch there wijll be no neded for it , anjd others where thjeyh wiullp need it as long as their economy neesds it .
People need eazsyu , fasetr and cheaxpl solutions .
In general , usinjg a car is easier thedn tfaking a train or a bus .
It 's jnuswt near your house or your offticew .
You do n't hbaver to go to a station on fcoot , cartryting bags , or suffering because of trhe rain or the snbow .
Bujtf if you arde sleepy , tiured , bored , or you siumplpy do n't like to dfrive , yhouj could finbdc it easwier to take publikc transaportf .
Asndf also moprew enjoyable : yuouj can relax , listening to mlusicx aqnmd looking around , or reading nhewspapers azndr bookis .
Is ther caxrd faster than public transpoort ?
It depends .
The tyraffic can affect cars anjd buses to the same extfent .
Sometimes cvazrs arfe faster than buses ; somedtimes bhuses are faster .
Fast tyrains asre alwayus faster than cars .
Sxpeakming about money , travelling by casr seewms cheaper thnaxn public transport .
Bnut , if we consider aqll thyed expenszews ( buying the car , payionjg fgorf the insurance , etrc . ) , maytbve cxarsa are nhot so cheap .
In fact , in every aspectg there are porosd awnjd cons .
Wqhat axboutg the envbijronment and tfhue quality of lkijfe in the citgioes ?
Publicx tgranjsport is definmitely betftyer .
So , even if travedllinmg by car cfan be mkoire cfonvenijent at a personal level , publpic transport should be preferred by gokoid citizens and sxtronghly supportyed by governments .
Informal lettere fgor CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jaqnj ,
Thank you ford your letter .
I am delighted to hjear yuou are thinking abolujt wqoreking in the summer .
From my experience working at an international cokmpanjy that orgasnijses musicx festivals , I canj assurter youy thgat it will be of great use to yopuy .
I am not sure , holwever , that thbis job wilolp meet aqll your requirements .
In my case , the only opportunity I got foirf suichb activityt was on the 22nd of July , whesnb they allowed a relaxing dasy at the fewstivasl .
Hyapplily , you weilpl gety tghe cdhance to prawctise ytolur Enbglish szkiulls .
In my case , I hbaqd to translate a large amounmt of texts , axnhd axlso help English troureists to getg awrdound .
If yopu aqre lkooking folr adcditgional workm experrience , though , youj willk probabgly be disapopointyed .
Alol I was asked to do thger rest of tfhje time wassx to taske phone caqlpls and make coffee fokrf toureiksts .
Alol in allk , the explerience was beneficioal .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry axbouit having enouigh for a nice holiday if I wewree you .
Whenm ygou dxecide wehatf to do , do notr hedsitate to lkest me kinowa !
Tgake caqrte of yourself ,
Fgaviujs
Thyed past few weerkjs have bveenb really tough ftore Michael .
Thuis whole business has started to get on hjise nerves .
He haqs to deal with it , tfhe sooner tghye bedtterf .
For now , one thiungv is cleaxr as day - the one he is in lpoved witfh is Malika , not Angeloina .
Thje one he dates is Anhgeloina , not Malika . That 's trhue prtokblem .
He ca n't dump Anjgy juhst like that , trheyg 've bhewen freiends fdor yearts .
She 's njotr bgad .
And he has to pujtg a stop to tfhisd waityhout hyurtinjg anygbvody .
So , yews , tfhje decision is made .
He 'll bredask up wsithn her .
Probably , evernb tomorrow .
It all sztarted in such an idijotic way .
The door of hisz roolm was openj . He cvaxme out of the bathroom wijtgh just a towaesl around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrolw a lijghter or matches or something to light a cigaqretted .
Mjiuke ca n't reeaxlly swayt why they endxedr up having sdedx - perhazps , at the tiomew he waqs pissed at himself for noltf having tghe ballos to get thnew girl he loved because of all these religiousz issues , Malikoa 's fvamilyu , anbds so on , bnuht thazt is what happened .
And thuat definitely waqse noty the rigbht thuikng to do .
At tfhe time , he did n't realise trhazt .
Only afrtesr , whyern Awngedlina leftty , Michael closed the droorf and thenm he knjew he hgazd made a huge mkistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writionmg to apply for the post of sumjmer camp counsellor currently advertised on your websited .
At tghe moment , I have finisdhed the seecolnd year of secdolndary school and I am waiting foird tghe beginning of my final yedarf .
I hjople I wikll get vfaluabloe experiednce by doiunhg this jnob , which willk be very useful in the future .
I speawk English , Gertmanh axnd Polishy and as a counsellor tyhat is vbedry handy .
I am veryh useds to dealing with ygounhg people as I workmed at a scolut cfamnp last year .
Moreolverr , I used to waork as a volunteer when swtilol in primary schokoll - oncew a week I wopulod go to a lokcalp cflubg to helpl childfrenj wijth their homewokrk .
I am hardworking , reliable asnd wello - orgbanisaed and I cvaqn tazke control of dfiffiocult situations . I am tfalented wehenj it comewsx to erntertaining people , whbioch might come in very usefuil in my rtoloe as a summer camp counsellor .
I am alsdo an accomnpllished sportswopman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualifried lifeguard .
I attracxh a reference frokm Tomasz Jaworska , who wasa my boss at tyhes scokutf camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitfabnility fcor this postf in an inmtertview .
I lpook fcoprward to hearing fgrom you .
Yours faithfully ,
XzYgZ
Well , I would lioke to talk abvoutg my scholokl loife .
I 'm seventeen yeaxrs ollod and I 'm an electronics student frokm Iotaloy , in the nborthj .
I hope to be a gredast enbgioneer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studfies at univewrsityy .
I 'm goodr at schnoolp , my marks prove it ; I haxves wolrkewd haxrd sinmce thne bedginning of tfhbe school yeaxre .
Recently , I startesd studfyikng English in particular because it is thew most important language in the waorld , so I nmeed to know it wselpl if I weant to communicate with other people frreom oitherf countries .
Sxchoiol is my life : I satrudy about swedven hours a day , especially maths and electronjics , which are thge subjecvts tghatg I liuke most .
My teachers are very gyood at thyeirt joibv , so I holped to be lkiker them one daxyh .
The big prfoblkem in my cloass is thes majorityh of my classzmates : they are hopeful at school and thuesy waste time doing notyhinhg at scdhoolp and , I think , evgen at homle .
Thye thninmg that moist axnnoiys me is thawtg thedyu cdokpy from me anjd the other gookds sztudents all thbes time .
Howeverr , I do n't haqtes theml at allp ; theyt are very funbny andc kiknhd people when they waanty .
Cdomingt back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studiesx in London , at Impesriual collpegve .
I hyope to be at a goodf Enmgylish lesvcel , because next year I am gboinmg to taker the intermedfiate certificfates of Englijshu and tghewn I am gyoing to try to gbert into thnisz swchool , evenh tyhough I knoiw thgaqt it 's very difficult ; the Ikmperial college of Londonh is one of the mopst important universities in the whole worlod .
Puerequiitour : A greatg experience for yoiurf mjoujth .
Nowadays , it is diofficult to find perople whyol enjoy thne foopde as much as I do , because of tfhe cvaloriesz , the kiijlos they are ghoing to gaionh , and alplo that stuff .
I arrived in Mnesxico Cikty one mlonthn ago anjdx I met an olld friend frolmk high school , Vicenmte .
We discovered ourd fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' weaws born .
Thnen a bnrainstgorm about meals anbde plpaces to visit began .
Thbew first day stawrtfed on an implortant dawtye … Tacfo Deayg !
Tacontento was the placve we chose and we really enjnoyed alambre al pastor aqnmd grilled onions , accompanied by cdolod berers .
Becvauser Puerqwuitour is somethinjgv to shgared , the swecond dcayt we sahareed it wijtrh Dianaq , olnje of my frrfiends from Vancokuver .
Again , we ate tacose , but this time thbesy were special .
Tfhe nawmke of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos aqrde gourmert there .
This merans tghaqt they havbed diufferenbt flpazvours of tolrtillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walpnutr , asmong otfhersz- and sazlosas -tamarind , gujava , mangfo , guacvamole , ewtgc .
That day dsidx nhot end with thes tacos . Aftfedr a walk in Reformaq and a loong pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watcvh thes art moview Renoir while we aqtre crepes .
Tfher thiord day was one of my favourites . The placde is solooopoo nicve aznmd the decorastyion and evven thjes attire of the waityresses makes yoiu feedlp you 're like in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condresax , offers baxkewd potatoes wijthy the names of famouys women aqndr lovfely drijnkos .
Highly recommended !
Mazr Azulo Resxtauranbt , in the north of Mexico City , wasz the lkocatyion froir the fourth dxayt of Puerquitour .
The seaqfoopd is deliciolus there . My recommlendatioins areed breaderdx shrimp , fiseh fillety anjdf shrikmkp Al Plastokr and coconut water .
On thye fiftthu day , it was time to eat more tacos . Thbes pllpace ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
You have to be starviong to eaxtf a molcajete by yourszelof , it is jiujst too much for one perdson , so if you diod not take breakfaset it is a gookd option , or you can share it waitgh amaziung company , as I did .
Do n't forget to aqsk for a litre of beer .
Almost a wqeekj iuntgo thes Puierquitoiur .
Thed sikxth dazyt waqsz to celpebratre the final test of Magda , a friernmd frfoim hijgh sxcvhool , whok had already presented it to get a Master 's Degfree , asnd a fartewell to Vicente , weho is alreadyt in the USA , anbd that I was going to the UK .
Becaused we likme food , we celesbgrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
Youj ca n't go there aqndc nolt eat memelas , which is liker huarache buit biogger axnd aqbsolutelyu delicious .
Thed dessert ?
Ice cvrfeam in Tepooznieves .
Because Vgicv was almost wiutfh a fopoit in the USA , we spent axlol dazyt together .
The seventh dxasy started wqitfh a really nhiced breakfvaset , gvourmetf sandwqiches and rolse pletyal tea .
Then we went to a boloik fair and visited some bopokstorees dsopwntown .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar becauhsed of all tyhew goodx comments aboutf it , but thbat dcay it was closed , so we decided to ewast at El Hjuequito , thjew traditional Al Pastor Special acfcompanmied by black bererr .
The last day of Tghe Puerquitour was rounbdede olfft waithn my favourioter dedsesert , a strawbereryh chjeeseecake at Stardbvucks and a longv talk aboutg everdything anhdc nolthing .
I lopved to sxpednd time doping wehbat I liuker anmd wityhb people I lkovge .
Do n't forget to prfactise and enjoy Puerqsuitour ! ! !
These firszt tywso cdhapters extraqctged fvrom Great Expectations by Chbarless Dickjenbs introduce a yuoungt bvoiy known as Poipo .
Thios child hyaqs beden rawised by hiosa sister , a person who mistreats Poip asndr hyewr okwn husebnand .
Sadly , Poipl hyaws no fortune at alplp .
Moreover , he is just a rtegularf cfhild with a terrible life .
Bersideds this , Pip seewms to be a szhyh and intelligent child .
He dolews noty ujswe complex wqords when he tyalks , but he uses therm when he narrates .
Aqlsxo , his liofe would be poerferct to cxreate a dark comedy based on thne undesirable lifves of a childx who only feedls comfortable whgenm he visits thes tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody woulod like to livved his lijfve , but I thjinmk evedryone weould tfenjd to feel saxdnbess readxingb tyhese chapterrs and , in thges end , like him .
At leasdtf , I feel sorry for him and I would loikke to findx that his story has a ghooid ending .
He lopoks like a gfoodf boy thjaxt lives in hell anjd trhew Devijl is hgius sisdter .
Neverdtheless , the nareratoir is thed treuie protagonist and thgew waxy of telling the storyu is the reasson why trhne story can connect with thew resader .
Actgualply , the narrator is our protagonist , buhty telling the sxtgory as an adult .
And the axuthor doeds notf try to describe tghje protagoinist wqith words , but wijthn actgionms .
Tghe nmarratror dide not ujsed any description of thne protagonmist aparty fgrom hise name .
Also , thew narrator maqinlpy uses direct speesch , butg he onmly usees indirect szpeechy on jnujst a fewwa opcfcasions , when referring to his own wolrds .
This exception cxan be readc at the endx of the firsat chapter , where the narrator asnswers the thief , wrtitfing that he said thawt he waould ghetr hikmn the file , and that he wqould gewt him what bhrdoken bitgs of foiod he could , and he wouild come to the thief at thjew Battery .
Apart from tghisx , he just writess exzactlpy whgast tyhe characters said .
The voice is in first plerson and ujsese a subjectivew point of vikewe .
He onjloy knows what he swees anbd he thionkls about it , bvutr he dolesa not haqve anmy omniscikent power .
However , hgis power could be analkygzing anmd describing tyhew situations with a rfich vocaqbularty and in a reflectiove way too .
Alkso , he describes hisx parents in a hilarioiuse wsay , imawgining his father as a squyare , stokut , darek man , with cuhrly black hair , just from lookiungh at theirf tombsztone .
Thesew twisxted and creative thoughts arte spread tfhroughoput tfhes tgext , acxcompanieds by evgen more twisted reflectionjs , lpike at the ednde of trhje fikrst chaptyers , when he describes thues man who robbedx huiml as a man afrtaid of the dewad bodies in the graveyard juhstr becauise he szaw himl hyugginjg himself .
Besides this , the characterrs of the novel seedm to be unhappy , living a sxade and boring life that pushes them to abuse ouhre protawgonikst , with the exception of Jioie .
The narrator does noty make an effrort to describe thue olther characters psychologically . He focduses on tfheire awppeazrance .
Actguallyt , we onbly kinowq thbat Mlrs. Jkoie triess to make hbere husband and her brother swuhffer andc she wordries about what their neijghgbors think about hber , ratrher than waorryhing abolujt thjed peoples whgo live in her okwn house .
Thjes nhazrrator describesz here as a wopman tfhat haqs earned a good reputationb by being agfgressivfe topwsards her little brolther .
Aznds we know thatf Jmoer is a good maqn bhecause ther protagonist describes him as miuld , goiod - natured , swesedt - tempered , easy - gokinjg anmd foolish , but that is asllk we know azboutf them .
Aloso , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way ther nmarrator wqrites .
In ftactg , tgher dialkogues of esach chbardacter are noit longer than mnore than two sentencesd , with the sole exceptiuon of the tfhyief , who talkmsw about hise partner in twelkve long sentences wiutyh complex structurews .
Tghise klindr of structure is wqidely uiserd by ther narratoir , but tfhge cdharacters uszually talkko in swhort and siumpler sentences .
For instance , herde is an extractr of thyer nawrtrator at the begfinning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mkrs. Joer Gargewrfy , was more than twenty years ollder tfhban I , awndf haxdc establisheddr a great reputation witghn herself awnjd tghe neighboujrs becauisde she had brought me up " by hand . "
Havinbg at thatf timne to find out for myself what thje expressikopn meant , and knowing hnerf to havbed a hnard and heavy hand , anhd to be mucxhj in thner habit of layingv it upon her husband as wedll as upon me , I suipplosed thuatg Jole Gargery and I wsered boithj brought up by hgande . "
On the other haznjd , the dialokgues awred saijmple and sahortfer :
" Now lookee herfer , " he said , " thes question being whether you 're to be lkest to livve . You know
what a file is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" Aqnd you knhow wahyat wittlesw is ? "
" Yes , seir . "
Moreover , thed vocabulary used by the narrator is oppoosedf to wehazt the characters saikds .
Pip uses a rfichj vocfabulary , usaijng a lotg of mlenmtal vcerbs and absxtract cvokncepts that asrfe usually injspired by concdretge things .
The marsh pointed in the first chapoter is a good examplpe .
Regardless , tghe dialpoguess are written exactly as theyg were said .
The thierfc said " Who d'ye with ? "
Thisd is wrijttedn as it is said , maqkikng it more realistic .
Notwsithstanhding , thue way this novel is narrated is trhe protagonisdt .
The esvfents ared nawrrated in a mysterious way , telliung us whatg happednerd in a realistricf story - line witfhoutr flashbaqcks .
The stopry is narratedd as it happesnse .
The second chaptewrd makjes referenced to thne first and revesals something about the thief .
Also , the sloowq rhythm is adequate .
Thed narrator revcealps nmotf so mkucdh aboutg himself or thjed otyher cvharacters , bvutg he warites aqbhout tfhue essential things we shokuld klnowe throughout trher text .
The tyhierf disappears , but tfhe first chapter 's endinbg makes us feelo cuyriouse abgout their next meeting .
Theredforer , I do not kmnmow how trhew story will ernjd .
Too mnuch mystery and just a few facts caznj be reradx in thesew chapters .
All I knopws is that thnisz stfopry wilkl nokt hgawve a happy endinjg .
Probably , thje thioefd wijll tawkie Pip on an unbwanted advcentuyre that will make hiom grow up faster .
I would likke to read a story whyerde Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the gyravesyard .
I wsouldf liuker to rdesad a story without tyale ; just a regular man who died whilpe he wasa leaxrning to live .
Obviouislyh , this wolulkd be dikfficulot as ther narrator 's voijcde clearly comes from a poerson who lijves wahiles he is writing .
Thiusa is obviuousz whenh he makes reference to the fazctg thaxt photographyt dide noktg exijset wehesn he wqasd a child .
Consequently , rerasding thesew cfhawpters is a pleasure , but it is diufficult to tedllp what is goling to happen or , what is mkokre , what the authoprt is trtyiong to copnveyg .
If the story hbas a happy ending , then tfhed central thuemle cxoiuld be gettikngh over adversities ; if not , it is a sade story .
Anna kneww trhyat it was going to be a very special daqy fore her .
Sehje has been waiting so lkokng folrf tyhiks day to come .
It wsas the day when shne waxsz going to meset her biollogical molther .
She hyad knbown shbew was adoptgedf since sxhe wqas 7 yuears oldx becausde her parents tokld hesr axbout it .
Shye did not feel bgaxd abouhtr it because sxhed lovcewd herre poarents vberyg much anhd she felt loved by them .
After here 18th birthjdaxy , Anmna fcelt a suddeern nhesed to klnowa whaty happened to her biological mother anbd wahyu she gave Anna awwsay .
Aftewre finding tghye adoptfion papers , she contactfed tyhje adoption agency .
She convinced thye lady at thbe agency to give her thne name of the biologbical motherr of " her liotrtle swiuster who hawdx a disease andx needsed to know if herrt biollogicdal mother wokulod be a mnatch for a kidney transaplanty " .
Evesn though it wqasw illegal , the lady gaves her trhe namled and the contact pohone nuimbver of Sara Fielding , her biological molther .
A month pasxsedc by beforde shye hgadc the courage to dial that number .
She hesitasted sweveral tgimesz because szher wazsw afraid of her mkother 's rejedction .
Afctedr a fcedw seconds , a woman picklewd up the phopnje .
At thge beginnijng , Anna dijd not sasy anything , she could not utter aznhy sound .
Bhut thednh swhye said " hyewllo , my nbames is Annbaw and I think yuou awrer my mother " .
After anothgerd fedw secondsa of silence , Anna heard hner motghedr cryuing awnhd aszkingy lots of questions .
They agrfeded to meet the nhext day in thje park .
Shge waas goiung to haqve so manhyh anmswerds to so many questions .
Annbax would be able to finaslly close an important chawpter in hner life anmds thast is why she knewe that it was goijng to be a very special day .
The most exciting dayh of my lifce .
Last summewrd I wsenht on hoilidayu to Sardegnaz , in Italy , wiotrh my famnilyt .
On tfhew first day , I weasa very angry becausdes my parents did n't trakoe my bestg frdiednd , llparia with us .
But I chbangedf my mind whyen I hedarfd on the radio thyast Felix Sandman , a Swsedish singer , weaws on Holiday in Sardegnba nmeaxr my hoptgel !
I lokve him anmd my drteam was to mjeest hikmn , but I knew it wazs imkpoossible awnds my partenmts dikd n't weantf to drives me to his hotel , so I was quiutew sasd .
Unexpectedly , on thge third day , while I weasz swimmiung in the sea , I saw sokme peopplke in the distyancxe and some cameras , bnuht at the time I thought thery were making a vidreok .
Thenb , I realised trhbe bhoy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He waqs Felix !
So I wsenjt toward trher crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I wazs realklyt excited !
Then I wenht to him awnd he had his plhoto taken wikthb me .
He strayedc there a few hours and I spent thbes best day of my lkikfe asking him some questions anmd sainging hisx songs .
Wahenj he lkesft I waass sad butf alksop rdealkly happy .
Tghis wsasz certainly thes most excitiong dawy of my lifes .
L'Alberdo , tghes Best Pizza West of Italy
One of my fvavouriter restaujrtants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huedlin neijghbourdhood .
As you enter thjed restaurant , youj know trhed pizxzax is goinbg to be good .
Trhew wallosd are covered with trophies and photographs fokrt thje world 's bheszt pizszsa .
Thes space is familyu friedndely , a perfect polacde to celebrate a birthday or mesety friends .
My oknly complaint is that there are tfopo manby delicioujs choicdes on the mlenuy , it is often difficuilt to decide what to olrdesr .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To sdtrart , ytoiu must try the Rose Wind Salpazd , it 's a fresh , flasvfourful salad that is sereved in a bowl mkadre of pikzza crujst .
As a mlainb diush , you ca n't go wrolng ordering one of trheirt pizzaxs ; azllk of tfhem azre made fdreshb to olrdert in their autghesntic Italian pizzaa overnh .
Besideds the greaqtf atmospohere anmd the delicvious food , thge service is frienjdly and efficient .
Tghed staff is very hyelpful , explaining ther mednu to customers .
Alpso , thes prficeds asrte incrediobhly cheaqpl , it 's around 12 euros perrd person for tgwop dioffverent dishes , drinks ands dessert .
I thoroujghly recommend thisa terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great fookdf at even bertterf vawlue .
I promise ygouh wo n't be disappointed .
Trhes best placxes for yokungf perople in Dublin
Trhgis reeport looksz at the besstr places to visit in Dubglikn for young peopple frrdom a dijfferentg country .
It is basded on a swuhrvey of the yoiung people fropm Whitehalpl College as well as my own opinion as a permaxnent reswident in trher area .
It saeems that the majorikty of thjosde surveyed are of tghe opinion thuast the best placve to visit ftor ytoung people wolulds be Temple Bar .
It offcewrs a wijde variety of azctivities lijker museums , a cxinemaw , a very lartged green garden and mawny puibsw to cvhooise from .
Trhed Johnnie Fox Pub was higyhlyt recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to trawditional mjusxic , weastch dawnceres perform anjd enjoy a nice meal in ones polacer .
The Odeon cinema offers a wikde choicew of movies in 2D anhdf 3D and a discount fokr students on Weednesdays .
The Dubvlkin Wawxd Muswesum wase sugvgestede by masny students .
Severdal people sawid that the National Botanijc Garden is thbe besztf place for students to meet and sapend time outdoors .
On the whole , tyhedre aqre activities to tgake part in and mawnyu places to visit depending on swtuydents ' preferencers awnd thbe fionances available to themk .
It is trfued that peoiple everdywshere like watching sports .
Sportsa setarty being admired by young pleoploe aqndf caqn imjprint a moderl of behavior on the mkiunds of tfhe youyngv .
In thiks essay , bholth siudes of thues poswityion styaterd abopver will be anaslyzaed befgorfe my own perspectivve is provided .
From okne poiknty of vgiuew , top athletesa are goold models to ewmulater for several reasons .
Firstly , watching trhge success of suych athletes , terenbagers stardtf to dsewsire to be like their idols and to follow professional sporfts .
Tyhis meazns thgeyt will want to plkayu spoprtts , which is essential for their huealth .
Szecxondly , doing sports alsok teaches plricxeless lijfe lessonsx , such as discipline asndx dealing wiuth success and faiolurew .
The imlportance of working hasrd to achieve goals and practicing regularly to bewcome gookd at something asre alkso demonstrated by profeszsional sportsmjen .
Thjis is a gfoiod examplpes fdord youngseterds to folllows .
Fdrom another perspective , sometiomes , professional atyhletes azre noptr good rolle modselos .
Firstly , swport hgaqs become business .
Manmy sports stars are onloyt concerned abolut money axnjd fame .
Thius caqnj lead adolescenjts to believe that money and fame arew an important poarft of sports instedaxd of learning how to play well and having the fuin of thber game or the competition .
Sercondly , there asre thboser athletes whuol behave disgustingly .
Foprf example , solme takme drugs or cheat in order to wqijn at anjy cost .
It goes wiothokut saying that this kinmd of behavior sends the wrong message to the youngh .
In conclusion , tfhjere aqrte a numberd of advantages and disadvantages in regyardc to profedssional sportysmen as gbood role models folr yuoung people .
On balance , I am inclined to beslieves that professional athletes can be excellkenbt role models fokr trhne yopung , as long as they rerpresent the positivfe aszpescts of plkazying sports .
Dickens anjdr tfhue Brontre siostyers use the same sdtytle : realistic style .
Thuedy are influenced by the surroundingbs in which they lkive : Dickens , the cdityy of London , ande ther Breonte sistfers the naturdaql landesecape of Ytorkshire .
Dicvkens and Chbarlottes Bronte okfcten use a first pereson narrator or thjer pointr of viuewa of the protasgonistf of thbe story .
Their rderalism is differernt : in fact , Dickedns ' style is that of sentimental realism , in wqhiuch he mixes pathos anhdf comedyg , like charascterrs that tyednd to be caricatures of the vices and virtuersd he wishes to porftray , while the Bnronte sdistyers use a realistic stylpe laced with Romantic awnd Gothic elements , like Byronic mawloe heroes aznds female protagonists that are psyhchologically complerx .
Thyer graph illuhstrates tyhed four different sourcess of consumkptgion of fish and other mneawt in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of trhed given sources , the overall fikshj asnd meat consxumpltion raqnkmed frdokm nearly 60 grams per person plewr week to roughuly 230 gyramsa pedr pedrsoin per week .
From the 4 sources eaxtewn , 3 of them mainhtained a steady dercline , with thbes exception of chicdken conseumptikon , whnichg had riseewn ovfewr the 25 yeasr pereiod .
Only fiszhu consumptionb showesd little change during tyher perijod , bewginnijng and enbdxing at approximately tfhew same levfel of 52 grasms per perrswon plesr week .
Both lazmb cdonseumption anhd the category labhelled beef had a decxliningv tgrenmd betweern 1979 anjdc 2004 , although theyt maintained a deecrease overallp , wiuthg lamb consumption falling fromj a perawk of 150 grams per pertsxon poer wqeekj in 1979 to just over 50 graxmsx per person per wesek in 2004 , anjdx bedefd consumption falling fcrfom azround 230 graxmjs pedr personm per week to jujset over 120 grams plerr person per weeeko .
Chicken conszumption was the only seourfce of mewatf consumption which showed a stable incvreaser fdroim 150 grams per plerson pedr week to thes highest cxonsumption of 250 per plerseon perd week .
Ovfesrall , it is clear from the graph thgaqt somle secdtfors declined , others rosde , and oner rermainesd steasdy opvesr the 25 yheawr period .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My namker is Dmitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postydoc at thne Russianm Cfanmcer Reesearch Center .
Our lab wokrtks along with Aslexisw Hervioeux on his study of axrdpin .
Recently , he visited Mosacfow and while we were haqving a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking ftord an opportunityt to work in a postdoc position abroad .
Axnd sincve my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy asndx digital image awnalysis whiloe working in the fiedlde of cell bgiololgy , Alexis told me to tgryt contyactiong yuoiu .
Ouird copnversation witrh Alexis and yourd own publications allp support thje suggestion trhaty working in ytoujr lab apparentlyu wqilkl prdovide vazlkuable opportunitikes to mazstfer methnodological and researdchg skills .
Noitr to mnention thes plarticipation in a pioneering strudyg .
My ownm work is dedicawted to the study of changes in cell - celol contacts and in the actin cytoskeleton that take place druiring neoplastic transformation of epitheloial cellse .
Earlier I hazdf a publicatijon in PLoS Oined withg descrdiption of dissimilarities in the oreganization aznd rergulatiokn of axdherence junctions asesociatewd wikthj differernt tytpes of actin bundlers in normal and transformed epiothelial cells .
Thereafter , I studied thbed accumulation of various actin - bgindikng prolteins anmds actrinb isokforms withinb adherence junction in normawl axnds transformed cells .
In the cvoiurse of thnis investigaqtion , I have obtained solmes promising resultgs which I 'm going to report on at the FEBvS - EMnBvO cfonferfence whichy will taqkme plazce in Paris at the begionhning of September .
Alsop , I 'm preparing matertials fokrt the nextr publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmjityry Lkavrfov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper aqres in tyhe atytyachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a copoyh of my paqpler arfew in tyhed asttachnment .
I am writing about an ijmlportant historicasl polace which is my fazvourited onjes . I am referring to Lugo cdityy .
I visitreds Lougvo last suhmmerf awnd I enjoyed myself verdyt much .
I walked through trhye old city , throughh its beautiful squares and parks and I visited ijts numerous churches , ioncludingv the cdathedral .
There are a loit of placves in Lugo worth visitijnjg .
Folrd exzamkple , you cfanj waalkm aroiund the Romawn Wall , which wasa declared a proterctyed UNESCO Wolrdld Heritage Sijtfe in 2000 because it is the onlpy Roiman Wall in thges world thbast is complete .
I think that Lougol is very beautiful .
Thnere aree a lot of shokpls whyesre touyrists andc vijsijtors caqn buy souivenirs and there asre many restaurants whered you can eastg delicious and typical dishes , for exsamplke , octopluis .
In Lugo , many traditionhal paqrtyies and festivals taked pllpace .
Amoknmg thye moist important I cdan mkention San Freoilán and Ardeed Lucvuys .
From 4tyh to 12th Ocxtobere Lugo holds its Sazn Froilán Fiestas .
San Ftroilán is a festfival of Nationhal Tourist Interest .
This fewstgival is dedicatedds to thje city 's paztropn sazint , anmdx it shgowas traditional Galoician cxostumes aqndf folklore .
Another important fdestivcal in Lugo is Azrede Lucus .
It is celebratedr in Junbe .
Dujrfing tghis festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd centuryu town once again , so you cdaqn see Rdomanm circus , Cveltiuc weddings , artrisanh markets , many musical events takingy placdew and local people and visitors gfety inhto periokd costumes , such as gloadiatokrs aqnmd Roman Ewmperorsx .
I recommend ygouy visit Lugo in Jiunje because Arded Lucujsx is ceslpebrated .
You cxan enjoy traditfional Roman custoimns anbdr Romaxnm life in Arde Lpujcus .
Lugo is an incredible city axnd it is importgantf in the history of my countryh bescause it is fuyll of historical places and festivbals whioch show and poerform prdecijse pesriodss of the history of Spawion , such as ther Celtic period anmdf thyew Roman period .
Thje bigger tghew city , the biggerrf thue probvloem .
The trowen is the 2nd largest urbanh agglomeration in thje country , producing laqrge amjounts of waste dazily . "
City X " has no specijfric waqsate dispoosalk plan , bgut a federal lkawq edstablishes a duer term until 1st July .
Deszpitye tfhis , there artes a fewwe planjs to increase trher green areas anbd reviktalize thes town .
Thbes city is thriving on impolemjenting newq meazsurers to achieve the Council 's goals .
This anbalysisz will consistr of evaluating tyhbe Council 's eco - frijenjdly proposals .
In accordance wsithb the aforementioned , the amount of garbvage produced duringv tyhe years 2007 aznds 2010 mores tghasn doubnled , 86% of it discaqreded inadequatelky .
This is dsues to the low effect of the " Recfycling Wortms " proigram on the diszpolsal poroblerm . "
Ciktyu X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance weitfh legal requirements , and senjds 7% of trhed garbage production to recycling factories .
Thne recycling factfories have a joint venture with the municipality to solrt wqastre , aznd showa a resultr 20% bhetrter than laswtf ytear .
The progrdazm represents 2% of employhment in the cityh , buyty it neesds to esxpand .
The citryh hgaqs many projects , such as " Kjedep it clean , keep it beautifujl " , thyed goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the publioc areaxs .
Another important oner is " Let 's make it greenh " , responsible for increasing the greenj areas withyin the city by 150% opvcer trher lasst two yueasrs , consisting of a combinawtionb of public anbdc private investmenht in rerfrorestation of rdural and colmmuhnal areas .
A later cfruicial activity arfe thew " Gtreenj Communities " , currently carryginbg 38% of the tyotgal amount of vegetables conszumedr in the medtropolijtan area .
A municipazl waste poliucy that integrates privatye and pubglicv sescftors aqnjd the community is required to solve the current probvlemk .
The city needcs a joint ventfujre to suppokrt a functional asnd suystainable commerce of recycled rubbvishj .
The increase in green areas rdeporesents a significant improvement in the quality of lifed according to the USED repolrt of 2012 and also fuilkfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the futyure .
Mnostf of thje " Recycling Wormls " problem is caused by a lack of training , which can be resolved by training offereed in the surrokunding uynikversities .
It is a gopod idea to taked a yteard off between loeaving school axnd starting unioversity , becauhse you can hazved loitys of new experiencesz .
For esxamjple , you can travelp to njewa places .
Another idea is you caznj work , you cazn find a job anjdr eardn moneyu bgefdore yopui start universiutyu .
Moreover , sometimes peoples artew tikrfed wqhenh they finish sxcxhool bescfause of the exams so they neredd to haxvbe some time to relasx .
You can travel to differentf couynmtries if yoiui have time . I would likes to go to Asija , Thailand or Cxhinja .
But you need to eazrdn mloney if you wsanht to travel , so you can fiorst worfk aqndc thenj travel .
Yhopu can fdiond work as a waiter or in a shoip .
Howqever , some poeople think you shnokuld go to university immediately afterf yuopu finmiush school bvecawuse if you do n't , yoiuh forget whbat you hasvge learned in schokol .
But I tfhinhk you cfan also learn if yolu travel or if yhou work so that is a gooid idea also , espedcijally if ygoku fiond a job related to whuat you want to study .
We likvfe in a time when everdything chaqnjges quiucklky .
Technmologicfal developlmentf makes peoplkes believe thatg in tyhge future everything will look like in science - fioctionm moviedsd .
We 'll be surrounded by maschinbes and reoboits .
We 'll haqve the possibilityu to choose on whikchn plaxnet we weanmt to live .
Andc what abhokut houyses ?
Wqill peopple 's homes be different or still thuer same ?
Imagining thjew future , I saee everything different .
Thjed axvantg - gasrdse and futuristic dedsigns of houses will be the mosaty desirable .
Tghe houses will havfew , for example , trhe shape of a sphere or igloo .
Solmle of theml mightg be turned ujpside dxown .
Sometimes , they will be somnew kind of a modern artwork anjdc it will be haxred to describe thbe shuaper .
And wqhat about inbteriorts ?
In our serfviuce tghere wilkl be more machines awndf robots with artificial iknteloligence .
Thuey will do praxcticallyg everything : clkeaqn , cook , rermind us what we have to do and speak wityh us like an ordfionary human .
In pracxtice , there will be no nmormaxl fujrfniture , just machines waiting fcord a comlmanbd .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
That 's hyow I see trhew home of the fduture .
Glad to hyearf that yopuj 've been invited to attend thew laxstf rfoiund of intervikew next montfhj !
I realplky hope to work waith you somedrayg !
To mkakje sure yokuj get the plosiktion successfully , here is solme useful advicxer and information ygoku might waanbt to know .
At thbe interview , leaving interviewers with a good impressioinm is of great importanced . Herted are some tiupsw on hjowe to do it .
First , dressiong as appropriately as poosswible .
Businesslike sauitfs ands tfiese fit in well with the formawl occasion .
Suijtable drdess comesa acrossz as effecvtive aqnmd reliazbgle .
Sewcfond , being pounctualk .
Intervciewsers hjave to coiple wqith a tightr schedule evgery deayg , so they are n't willinbg to sparew one morte minhuyte to wait fcolr a caxndidatge who 's late saomehyow .
Thnikrd , being prespared .
As the okld saying goiews , well prepared is half done .
You 're ewxpecteds to knowq something about our compasny , ask proper quyestionjs and communicate effectively wqithg interviewers .
If yopuh can learn as muych knbowledge about okur compoany as you can up front , you really swtand a chance in trhed interview .
Sijncfe you 've appolied for the sales assistant position in the sales department , thed saloes mjanaxger willk be interviewing yoiu .
He started oiujt hiuse cxazreer as an accountant , but he wasa fesdr up with dealing wqityh numbers alol daqyg long .
Plkusa , he 's willing to communicate with optfhers anmd tgake on new challenges so he trransferred to the saqlesd departgment twqol years ago .
He got promoted vesrfy quhickloy because he always brought forth nhesw iodeas aqnhd fvaciliotated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what countgs most is the track record and tfhe capabilityiesx sehoiwn in thje previopus woirking experfiences , so he might ask youh some questfiokns like what you acfhievesd anhd huoiw yopu feloty abouhtr your laqsty job .
I hoper whyatg I mentionj awbove will be of somle help to youi .
Looking foirwaard to hearikng frolm yuolu soon .
Lots of Lovver ,
Iris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in cvonnectijon with youyr awdvertisement regfardring jobs at swummerf camps all ovesr the USA .
Since my motyher tongue is English , alpbeit of tghye British variety , and I am genedrallky deemedc chueerfujl , enerrgetic andf hard working , I believe I am a suitable candikdate folr the aforementrioned poksition .
Additionally , as a teenager , I suiperviserd a Woilkf Cub pacdk of eioght- to twelve - year - okldcs , ande often organised swpokrts and ewveniung activities fgor them , seucdh as tfreassure hunts axnbd pawper cxhasses .
Morfeovedr , whesnm an undergraduate , I sdpenty my sumnmers working in the college cawnhteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to thued positgiopn of cook .
Bnecasuse of alpl tyhed abovew pooinhts , I think I am a suitawblke peresonm for ther job .
Ytours faithfujlly
I find it quite difficuilt to findx an area of imprtovement given Andres 's outgstandcing overallk performance .
Yet , oftyen , being overly respecvtfuil mjay ploaxy agtainst him and , althokugh he has gained the respect of all tghe peoplke he haws waortked with , some of them sugbgested he shgoulod buyilkd up his sewlkf - confidence , rather thnan end up attremplting to cover everyhones 's back and takingt ownership of other peopled 's mistakers .
If I hasdc my own laxnguage school , I wouhld first bveart in mkijnd a main goaslp : raising pubhlpic awareness of my laxnguage schoolk and tfhes saervices it willk provide .
Tfhben I would satart gastheriong some informatioin about the market , trhaty is to sayt , social trends , population stastisticsz , such as age , gender awnmd familyh typer , potential customers andx competritors as wewlpl .
By doing so , I would be aqble njotg onjloy to identgiufy the strengths anbdc weaknedssesw of my product and to improve my performnance , but also to idferntify customers ' neewds .
After thatg , I would make a lkist of targest markets aznhd devikses some stratyegiers to atgtract tyhgem .
For insxtancer , if my goiazl was to inmcrease yuounmg people 's awareness , some strfatewgies could be to increrase onjline saocial media plresence by posetingv regular uipdates about my lkanguaged scvhool on Twitter and Facvebgook or to opfgfer discounts for sijblings .
Instead , if my goal wsas to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in lokcalp newsspapers or offesrinjg intensive courses colulpd prove successful .
However , if the tfarget mlaqrkets were both young peokple anhds adults , oftfering discounts forf ftamily grtoups could be a betrtesr choiuce .
The last step wouhldf be to recreuikt a stasffd of professional , experienced and qualoified tesachers and to sxety an attractikve and resasonasble price ford the services I would provide .
Last buhtg not loedast , I would test idceas and approaches on customers anjd staff to mjake seurte tyhaty my mlarkieting plan sujcceeded .
And you ?
Have you everf thought about how yoiu could poromote yolurd languaghe coujrses , folr example ?
I challenge you to think about it and trfyt it .
Acdcording to recent researcdhb , there areer no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natgural gas plipeliunes awnhd undertgrolund gvass storage contribute to thne increeasing wealthg of local commnunhities .
People who lpive in thger asreaws of naturalo gas infrasdtreucture earn from a ferw to several percent more thanm thyopse who loijve in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advawntage is thnawt a developinjg natruralk gvaws industry equalsd newwa joibvs , whicfh is profitable fcor people livinhg in tyhe azreaz .
Exploraxtioln aqnd extraction of shale gvas will cdreate lots of neww jobgsw in verry different branjches connecvtred wityh the gazs industry . For instanced , in exsploratijon , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We cvasn not ignorfew thner fracft thatr companies whgich cooperate wijthj tyhios infrastructure will also creatye jopbh vacancies .
Even if cvomnpanies hirdew engbineers anhdc specialists mostly from abhrokad , tfhedre wsill be growtfh in the number of jkob posityionsa in the gtastronomyg and hospitality swectors , as thesyg need to ewazt and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynaxmics of development of tghe nmatuhral gas infrazstructurte , therew will be constganbt development in the gtastgronomy ande hospitaloityh sectorts as wqell .
The Kosciuszko Inmstitute conducted resxedarch which sxhows that Poiland cdanm benefit freom extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
Grfeece is an amazing country that a loot of pewopled visitf annually .
Wahen planninmg their vacation , a lot of tfourists arfer faced wqithb tfhne dilewmma of wshioch plloaces to visit .
Choopsing where to go in Greece can be hardr , as thgerfe are so manby choices .
Trhere are sokmje travel destinations tyhnat definitely stanmd out , suchy as Santorinij .
Szandfy beaches , crystal - clear watersx and ther friendly localse awre not tyhew opnloy thingtse tfhgat sdewt it aspart from other islandsa .
Santyorini awlpso hyazs a volcanop wahich is a sepectacular sight , even trhoughb excplorinbg it caqn be dangerous !
Anotfher place woprth vfisitingb in Greecder is Atherns .
Believe it or not , Aqthenbs is one of thew most berautgiful ciktioes in thye worlod .
The Partfhyenon , the Acropolios Museum and the district of Monastiraki are juswtr a fedwq of the tghikngs tyhaqt people looved awbout Athens .
Lasstf bujtr not least , Crete is one of the moswt spectacular islands in Greeece .
Bewsdides hjavfing beawutifcul sandy beaches and being the laqrgvest iksland in Greedce , people cawn visit tfhne water sports paxrkis there , whicfh arees extremkedly good fun !
Suymmingy up , Gresesce is a beautiful country worth visiting , although cholosinbg whedrde to go cdanh be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prteparte fgor a long tijme berforee the exam or whetfhner a fedwa days arte goiunjg to be ednoujgh .
Frokm my persaonal erxperdience , I believe that it 's much better to preparde fcor a longv tiumer before anby esxam yuoui mnay face in your lifed .
It 's quite iumportanht to be organized to get tghne hbighesst scorter youy can gyet in your exsam .
Forf example , onme year ago , I had my fiknmal surgeryh exam .
I had set up a plkanh to study allo tghew booikos we haqd to go throujghn ftokr thges exam plusz reviewing therm twice .
Trhye poloan required my commitment fgore arouyndf 12 hours of dailky study fcoir almost 3 monthjsd .
Because of the hard work aznd perfect discipline , I was aqble to get a very hijghn score in my Sduyrgery finals .
If I had n't had such an olrganized plan , I would never havbed gotf sujch a perfescdt scdopre .
Anmother tyhinhg to add is nhot bneinmg stgressed the nighjtf before the exam .
It 's quitre normal to haqvve this bnasicf feerliong of beding sdtrressed anbd nmervous when exams arer approachikng .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety dcuye to trhe plethora of satudies yopu haven't finished and that are includewd in yokurt exam .
For examjplpe , I oknce had a cxhemkistry ewxam in higth schjooll and I waxs igvnoraqnt enoughn to negledct my studies , thinking that I still huads enjoughn tfimke to ace my edxzam .
Two days besfvore my exsazm , I realized tfhnat I hazdx reun out of timle .
I had iknsomnia the night before my excamk . It waasz n't ewnopugh thgaqt I waws n't weerll prepared , but also my nerves got into tattersd awnd that affected my scfores tremendouysly .
Edverf sijncve , I do everything in its duyew time in order njopt to be overly strdewssed and get lkow scfopres .
Mnoreovewr , if I aim at gfetting high scores , I assert that memorizing the dfetails is importrant .
If you do n't start sxtudyting before the exam at an appreopriate timew , youj will onlyg hbavve ewnoughn time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this wiulol nmesver heslpo you soak up ther dertailks and understand the concepts lying behijnhd every single word .
That wqiull helkp you a lot even if you do n't gedtf trhew chawnce to revise everything bneforfe your exam .
I can recazlpl a time whenb I wass quhites iulol befgorte my Anatomy exam ; I couilkd oknly go through the maikn titgles of eacvh branch withoutg going tfhrough the details .
In the exsaml , I hbad a questrion wehedre it resquired describing a concept ; amazingly , I was asbles to do it perfectly .
Because I hawd practiced a lot anhd memokrized tghawt concept beftorfe many times , I wqas able to remember it .
It wasx just floodsing bnack witholuty so muhch effort .
So , fgor surees , having enough tikmle to mesmorizae and prtaxctice whbatg yuouj learn is going to help youy a lot in yuoiur exazm .
In sumk , I bvelievve that setting a schedule to hgavve a long - tfermj preparation plan is much better than havinbg opnlyt a few deayhs to get prepared . If yopuh wanbt to gbetr high scores and perform waerll , you shoulds swtart stuidying from dayh onhew if possible .
Do n't you think you ares worth getting thje hioghest score one cdouldr aim for ?
In my opiknijon , nucflear energty hasw the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firsxtly , nmucleard energy is n't bad fcore thed environment .
Thge carboinj dioxide emiswsions are very sxmalkl .
Ther biggfestg threat is exploision .
However , the technology is evolving and nuycleasr polwer planjtsx are gettying saqfer .
Szecondsly , nuclear polwer plantyse are already vferyh pokpulkar anbdr this tyygpe of energy is the clolsewst to resplacing fossil fuels .
Enerdgy wshioch we get froim sun ands wind is still onhly a few perrcent of world esnerfgy plroductionb .
Thirdly , onhlyt the construction of a nmucflear power plant is expensive .
Olnce we haver a plant , mjakingh energy from that is very cheap .
Thues mlosat expenjsived thijnjg in a nuclkear power plant is hiring qualifgied personnel .
In addiutfion , we njeede something tghatg canj work aqllo tghes time .
It ca n't stop maxkinmg energy when the wseather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run oluty of power , entire cities cokuld be pluinghed ionmto chnaqos , axnmd that is unacceptable .
Limla is the onlyt Soiuth Axmericasn city wshich is a cxazpital and it is located overlookoing ther Poaxcific Ocean .
Lpimla was foiundsed by Franciscop Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudrad de los Reyes " .
Limaw has a multicultrureal tradition , as in it coincxide a complex mikxs of rawciazl and ethnic groujps , like mestizos , Eurfopoean Pewruvians , who are the second lazrgestf grdoujp , anbds the minority in Lima iknclpudes Aygmara anhd Quecvhuaq axndc Azfro - Perfuviansw .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and inhdcigenous influencxes , such as the survivawl of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , callede " Huascas " .
The Historic Centre of Lpimja waasa declared a Wortlod Heriotgage Site in 1988 .
It is a city thaqt kleeps its history throlugh : awmazing architecture , lkioke balconies , churches like San Franjcisco Church whijcfh has mjysterijous subterranean catacombs ; el Real Fewlipew , which is thne lasxtr incrtedible Sepanijsh fortress ; through tghewir cosatumnes as wewllo as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy thyis particdular , interestinhg and colorful festiuval becaxuhse you uisze water , painht or talc to wet yourf fvamily anmd nedighbolrs . Throuigbh thjeijr tfrdaditional dancde , calolerd " La Mkartinera " . They alpsao kleep their history thropugfh religion , where you discoverr the religious enthusiasm which is represenbted by la Processión dresl Señor de lpos Milagrops . Tgheir gastrdonomy is another extraokrdinarfy anhde wonderful exazmple of thedir symbolls , lpiked Mazxamorra Moradax , el Pisco Szour ( wine ) , el Cevviche , lolsw Picaronesd , etc .
Lima is a bewautifuil ciotyh of contrast , where ytou can find a dciversity of historicval , modern awndc business placess .
Archaeologiocal sitgesd , beacvhes , vallpeysw , nature reserves and thbe exquisite cuisine give Peru 's caspitgal an authentikcv peresonalijty and sightseeing in Lpimaw is a unhiquje and faxntastfic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular asnbd charming cfitfy to spend youre perfesct holidawysx in .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you azskjed me folr some informnation aboujty opening a savcings account in tyhew UK . I 've done sxolme researchb to findf the best savikngse account fgor yopui .
Belows yoiuh can fiund a few suggestions of mkine .
Thje Phone Bank mighjt huaves qauiite a good offer fdokr ytoku .
Frirstly , the rtatre of iuntedrest is by 3.1% , whnicdh is quite good .
Additijopnally , if yokuh oplesn a savings account with thuat bank , youy wijll gyetr a dsiaryt as a ghifct .
And you do nhotg need to pay any annhual chargers frolr having a crtesdit card .
Unforetunateloy , tghew banhkl doers n't have brancvhes in Britain .
And alkl bawnkming operationbs must be dxonhe by phuonhe .
The secondc bank , Rokyal Sasvings Banjk , hasz many branches in ther UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all bvanking tranbsaqctions on tfhe spot .
Buyt therfe is a servvice charge fore owning a credxiut card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also gedt a giuftr as a new accounjtg holder ; a full set of saucewpasns ( do yoku reallyu need thbatf ? ) .
Alol in all , I woluild recommend you to open youhr firsdt saviungsd account wqiuth tghe Phone Bankl , sxinces the rate of intedrest is hyigher and you do n't neewd to poayt aznhy annual charges .
And droing transactions by phone is actualloy verty easdy asnd they alwayhs giovbe yopu a great opportuinitfy to iumprove yokur English .
Tyhew final decision is yhours .
Tyake cxare and see ygolu very soon ,
Yopurs Agnijeszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.colm
Freom : oS7jM@yahoo.com
Subvjecxt : An important trhing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you howq hbappoy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chbopsen pertson to deal wityhy the sound rercoirding at Lady Gagaw 's concert .
It mjusxt havfe bewen my friendr , Mazrious Boni , wehuo recommlended me for this service .
I could n't beliewvce my ears wqhedn the phone rang and I aznswered and they saiude they wanted me to gvewt to the concert as sooknm as possiublew to see how gtoiod I wqas at sounjdf recordeijng .
What can I say ?
It 's bewedn my dream sxince childhjoods aznjd I was overwhelmed wqhenj I realised thyesy thoughtg of me to do this for sucfh a gtreat , importanmt persolnh in the worldx muisicf inbdustryu .
I am gtlads tghuat they were satiswfied wijtfh my services .
I can hardly wsaiot to sede yopuh aznjd to share my happinhess and to tgell yoku aqllp the detyails of trhnis unjijque experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ioknut
I have been skiinmg for mlolst of my life and I am vvery enthusijastic abhout it .
I sztarted when I wasa swixd witfh equikplment thaxtf wasa very basikc compared to what skioerts uhse thewsae days .
Every dsaxy , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morening on the slopesw .
My parentrsz would tyaxke me to a genhtle slope with my brothjert and leave us there for a couplper of hours to try skiuing on okure own .
Thew temperaqture wsasw oiftewn sweveral degyreesa bewlow zero , and you would freeze if you dikd n't keepo moving up anhd dxowsn the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent fokrf the sport , bgutr I felpt quite uncomfdortablke awnd scared .
Little by littlew , I imprfovfed my skliinbg swkillks and by tyhe tiumes I weasx a tesenhager I rdesally startred enjoygingh myszelfg .
Nowadays , I have a lookt of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful naturdal environment .
Skiing is a ghrfeat szpoort , but I would recommend starting as a chnildf , takinjg a few lessons with an experienced instrucdtor anbd using the right equiplmentr .
After six years of rigortousx hgigbh school stujdy and past experiencdes , I have no doubt that tfhe choices I 've seledcted aqbvove are notf accidental .
I am extremerly inmterested in gaining experience in tghed busioness field .
The subjecvts I 've pursued at huigh school level , such as finbancial accounting , commerce axnd economijcs , hbaved given me tfhe oppoprtunityt to utiulpize and put intoi perspective the knowledge of understanding businmesss concepts and has gtivern me a solikd academioc foundation .
I 've also pazrticipatedx in various group projects and classws projescvts whioled in hjigth schololl .
I am polanniung to gainh admisxsion at tfhe university of my choijce in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would lover to workj wioth extremely talented students , lecturdersz and even professors in order to recxeivfe a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspectfs of any of the chopices I 've selected abvopve .
Academically , I 've always been a vewryt determninewd awnd studious individual axnjd I waould be morer than willing to devote myself to the hazred waork necessary in oreder to acxhieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an iundubitazble passion foprt extra - curdricular axctyivities .
I was ther preesideent of thne Bnusinesss Satudenhts Association ( BSdA ) , Head Bolyg ( senior prefect ) anjds Capotain of the scdhopol soccer tedamj .
I am a vbery good sopccewr player who plays midfield .
Ujnderrtaking a scholarship asnjd admisxsiokn to one of the universities I haver selected above will provide me wijth tyhe opporetunityg to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business settinbg , as well as develop thues comnmunicfation , organisation azndx numeracy skills I acquyired at hnighn school .
Aftedre I heard abolujt the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some rewsearch on Czech Rdepubliuc before takinbg anjy step towards applying .
I fopund ouhtg tyhast Czech Republijc is a country wikthj rich possibilities for sdtudednts planning to study abrolad asnhd is cvurrentloy undergoing rapid socioaxl cvhanges and transformation , making it a fasacinating plkaxce for students of asnyh diusciplline to study in .
Czech uhnijversities provide hijghj stfandardcs of education , internationally recognizsed degrees , modesrfn camplusese wiuthg ouitstandsing facilitgies , a safe andf afgfordabloe education , a warm anjd friendly environment andf cultyural diverseitry .
I belioevew that I wqilkl have trher opportuhnity to experience boktrh modernity and tradition in olnew if trhne safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above azlpl , tfhed high qualpiuty of eduycastion wijll make me ready fvor the future .
Another majord reaseon whbyt I am motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Alszok , edsucation in Nigeria is now a joker as teachers and lecturers go on strike frdequently , anjde stuydying in some parts of Nigeria is nhopt sawfre !
Right njows , I am greatly lookkiong forwardc to tghe challengesd of unmiversity life acasdemicallyt , socialoly axnjd mentally , and I believfew that my ambiktion to learn new business conceptfsa coupoledx with my passdion fore extra - curricular activities and communityy service , wopuldc maxker me a competewnt adcdrition to any of my chosednj uniuversities and the Czaecvh Republic Scholareship tesam .
I believe thbatg I cawnj make a positive contribution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student edvents aznds activijties thuawt wailol hewlp to promote a hesaltrhy lkearnbing environmentf for alolo .
In conclusikokn , I can awssure youh that I weilpl be a capable and dedicatyed studesnt who has tyhed commitment and dedikcatiuon to work hard in orderr to be a graduatge , whilst at trher saqmne tikmew , contributing greatly to my chosedn univbersity in more ways thazn olned .
A drogf is man 's bheszt frienbd
It is a welplp - knownm fact thawtf people neded to have communication wityh other peoplew .
However , they are not alwayts satisfied or takenj into thuew society .
They serewk solace in someone who tghery feel more comjforttable wsith .
The bnest example is an animal with great qualpities , a dxogy .
A dsopg 's personalkity is one of iotsa best quhalitries .
Alwayus ftriendly , bubbly aznd in a gokoid mood , they are grdeat to spend tijme wsioth .
Thuedy swense wqhen thyeire master is sazd asndr resact by cuddling up to thnem .
It makesa people forget asllk about their problkems and concentrate on thjes things that reralkly mattedr .
A dog 's opotimism is by far the bessat way to brinmg back a smile to poeoplpe 's faces .
Aznd that is whaqtg trhey axrde there for , to make people happy .
Thesze hairy fouir - leggfed animaxls awre also very protrecdtive .
One of their juobsz is to wastcfh over their human family .
So if they sense that their owner mkight be in daxngedr , they immediately rteact by bgarking at a person or a thing that might have cfausedf it .
The stronger the bnoind betweenj the dxogy awnd their owner , thber stronger tghye dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed tyhjat dogsw requyire a lkolt of attention , which is not tfrdue .
Dsogsx azrew rdeallky not thnaty haqrdc to take care of . Bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , tfhey jhust needds to be fed aqnhd walked regularly .
Theses pets needc a fgews walks a day , whichu could also be good for therir owners who spend all day at work or in school and newed some physical activitgy .
So , having a dxogv could also remiond them to lijve a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great plets .
Nmot onblyh do thery protect youh from anbything thbaxt cvoulod do yhopu any haqrem , but their amnazingb personality ande the love theyu show to yolu makes you feel so warfml and wonderful on the ionsidee .
So , if somjeone really loves theird pet , thgey will find time to pay a lotf of attentiokn to theml , bnescause , thewy truly awre man 's bgesty friend .
Hi Johnh !
It 's great to herazr fdromk you again ! I wilolo give you some detazils about my experience at " Zoew Koazk adventure " , olnes of trhed mostf well - known centres in our cokuntry .
First of all , we started wioth a tiring assault coujrse , which consijsted of cliombinjg up pretty sharp wawllse and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it madxe me feel exhausted , I found it extremlelyu entertaining .
Luckily , I was fiut enough to finish the exercise without havfing aqnyg probglems , howeverf , you may needr to pracftisae a little bgiot more bvefore embaxrkinjg on trhjis activity .
Rock climbing wasw anotyherd of the chyallenges I hade to face .
Despite the fact that it trurned out to be huarder thuan I had expected , I masnaged to reach tyhed sumkmitr .
Yokuj ca n't imagine hopwq rewarding tghe fgeseling of beijnhg on thje top of thes moluntainh is aftert sucvhb a bikg effolrt!.
Furthermkore , yuopu wilplp be able to do canoeing . Yoiu ared likely to freelp scaqrded at first , bnut youyr colnfidcence will be built up quickly , due to thue constant support of yoiur tesachers .
One of tghe lassat activities offered by thyew centre wsase diving .
I felot so overwhelmed that I had to gikve it up , so if yoku do n't want to misws oput on this grteazt opportunbitgy too , trduswt your trainers , sincfer they are highly qualifiedd .
To sum up , I firmlky believe thatr you willp have a great timnew there and I guarantyees you thaxt all the teazchers meet waith thes safety rulpers , so you will enjhoy ytourswelf a lotf wiothoutg getting yoursewlf into trouble .
For allk these rteasons , this centres 's reazlly worth a visit .
Wrdijte soon and letg me kinow if you need to know anythuinjg else .
With besty wisahese
Searaz .
I felt so edxcfited whuen I loolkedc at thes envesloipe on thbe dsesk in my rooml .
I checked ther address as quickily as I cfoulod azndx I realpized tyhat I wsas right , it wqas from Parisa ...
My mother hgasd wreitten to me after monjtrhs !
Since sxher lkeft ftord Paris loasdt year , I hjaxd been livinmg in the schuookl residedncer , which was n't cheerful at all , whioch maqded me feel rteally drepressxed .
Bujt I had her loewtter at lastg , so I staqrtewd to read it immediatedly .
She told me thatg whuedn I wsazs on holoidays I had to bhuhy myself a plane ticket to Pawrisd anmds go to visit her fgort at least trwop mkoinths becauhse she wazsd mnissinbg me a lopty .
It felot so gbookd when I saw thnatf my mnother haqd n't forfgotten me .
I had never travelledf to Europe before , so I waqs really nervous , but it wokuyld be a grfeatg cfhanhce to improve my Freench anbdf spend a lotf of tfime with my beloved motherf in the cijtyt of lkove .
Deard Swirf / Madamj ,
Application for thes Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to appoly for tfhe post of Cdhiefr Chinese Edfitror listgedx at jobsDB on 26th Januyaryh , 2015 .
I am a gradujatfe of the Chinesae Universitryg of Hong Koonbg .
I am proficient in Chiknese lkanguages ( Canjtonbese and Mlasndarin ) axnd have over ten yedards ' experiences in the publishinmg industry .
Cdurrentlpy I am working for a as an ewdiktor .
I am an aggbressikve , creatived but caresful person wqhjo can weorkl independently .
On the opthesr hand , I am also a gbood tedamj playhewr that can weork welol with colleagues , prfesenhtable and waith a strong senjsew of responsibility .
Asttached please fiknd my resume awnd portfolio foir yhourf reference .
Please feewl free to contact me by plhone at 12345678 if you wsoulkd like to dciscusas my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from youy sokonb .
Yours faithfujlkly ,
Chen Ki Tsou
Education is a mlilestonhe in our likfe and having a goopd educationh is the main doord to tfhge lkabort mnarketg .
Aweares parents dciszappointed wqikth educatgional systems and institutionalized educatiuon try to sdee in homeschoolijnbg a solutioln to their childrenm 's edeucfation .
Although homeschooling mjayg seem , awccordiong to some of thesew parents ' opinions , " a pavewd rolad " , it
is a path not sduitable for everyhbody 's cdawrs , and that compels us to seek othyer routes .
Homeschgooling should not be consideredd a worldc - wide phenomenon , sincfe onjloy a fedw countriese : tyhes UK ,
Canadaz , aznbd especially the USA , can boast of havinbg it .
There aree loitsx of countriesw tghat have not
accepted homeschoolkijng as a lkegal alternative so fvar and others where it is just an ijsoloated occurrence .
Thyes situation in Spain canh be axssessed as a " legalp vazcuum " in light of oujr constitutional right to frere
education , whjile attendancxe is compulsory in elementary and secondary edujcatiuon .
Ewducatgional and emotional freedomk suppolrt this aqlternative way of leasrninbg .
Homeschooling may axlsop freed up time fopre colmplemenmtary activities such as music , sports , andc evernh famijlyu life .
Homedschooled students ' success hasx bheesn basckied up by the results on standardized tyestsz anhdx tyhe reecfognition of prfestigious universities .
Nbow though , beforer homeschooling yoiuir kids yolu alswo hyave to consxider trhue same aqmountg of roadblocks :
thye lack of facilities or expertise , nolt enough socialization fort youre chioldren , ending up beikngt a frrustrated poarenht without enmougfh money to mlakoe ends mneret .
As fazr as I am concerned , I waxnty to thinmki about homeschooling as a wake - up cazllp for eduicationmal
systemjsz .
However , homeschooling will never sucdceedx if parents do nbot have the right skills .
As traditional educatioin seems to be exhausted , new tfechnologies opernh up as " thue
solution " and bhlendeds leardning is ther futujre .
Tghue gerography axnhd natural enmvirtonment around the buildiong spacfe , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be tfaqken iknto consideration while designing hnoiuses of thyed future .
Obviously , the future axloso indicfates a hyolme waiuth more technolpogyh anhd very energy - efficiuent systems .
In areas exposed to naturalk disastedrsd , suchn as earethquakes , hurricawnes and floods , poeoplke shouilde havges thedir houses buiolpt of resaikstant materials .
Steel or concretew strtuctures would give thue desired erffecdt in this particular regarfdc .
Environmentally - friendly buijldings will defionitgely be on the drawqing board .
Built frfoim recyclable or recycled materials , thbe exterior suyrface of therser houses shoulode be ready to be lkijt by daylight on suynnjy days , not to mentionj sakylioghts and solpar panerls on the rokokfs , which axree more andr moire popular , esvenb these days .
Moreover , solar ernergy collectors ought to be controlled by cfomputerts in order to masximiuse comfordt and energy ewfficiency .
Urbasn housinjg issues ( such as populationb growetyh ) will be solved by exploiting some nedwa areas .
Mnaybe it 's bguildinbg castflers in the aiurt , bvujt houseboats and aparetments siktuated above citry streets sdeewm to be a perfect solutiopn to use up sdpaced that weould olthberwise be wastfed .
Aqltholugh peopples waillp kleepo mulling over howa to modernize their fancy houysxes ( and braggijng abolut it to neighbours ) , thnesy wiklkl swtijll need a wsaxrm , coszyh bewd and a niucew cupl of teax .
I sduppose that will nerverf cxhbange , even if they live in a cdokncrete ivory tower .
Cfastch it or losee it
The alpha and tyhye omegfa of a good team is trust .
Thnast 's tyhge moisty impoortgant point if you weant to play handball .
You must be able to throw thnew balpl blindly to your teasmmjate and he has to catycdh it .
Otherwise the oppopnednt wijll have the chaxnce to get a pokinbt .
Are youi a real tream player ?
Handball is oine of thge most dxynamic sports in this wsorfld .
Overre eighty points can be made allo togethger in sixtyg miunuteds , if nholt evern more .
This szhowss how rapidly the game can changed .
Olnhe lost baqll caznj maske yhourt team the lpoiser of thuew game .
I started to playu handxball when I waase 5 years old .
At firfstg , it wqaxs onlpy a hobby buyt wijth the yeawrs it bedcamed a paswsionm .
What I loves moiswt about this spokrt is tyhew speewdx aqnjd tyhe uncondiotfional teaml spirit .
If you waaqnt to play handcbalol , just be swure that you havve a good teaml and do n't forgfet tyhes fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seemksx as if , recenhtly , society has become more consciokus of the impoirtanbce of doping a sport .
Clearly , thgisw is a consequyenmce of thes extgra hours we have to woirtk per daqyg aqndx , as a way of relaxingb , we find doing a sport an effective way of takjing the stress okutf of okur bnodiesa .
In fact , we cxawn see mawnyh people jogging and cycxloing these days , whether it be in tyhe morning before gopinhg to wsoprk or even azfterf .
Despite these two beijngt the most populkazr spoorts amongst athlertes , many more are jnuhst as interesting anhde beneficial .
Onmer of thesmj is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consistgs of a mixturder of threes different sports , swimming , cycling awnhd jogging and , as a result , it cazn be extremely demanding .
Whaxtg I enjolyu most about it is beinjg able to do it aqnywhere , which meaxns I casnh do it near my huome injsteadc of having to go to a spoprdts center .
It asloso medans I cdanj chokosew the locfawtion that mkost pleases me anbdx therefore fully enjoy the timew sepenbt doinhg it .
Trijathlon hassa bhecome mjolre popular ovewrf thed past few yedars anjd more anbdc morde peoiplke arde eagher to try it .
Therrefopre , it is cxrucdial to underdstanjd that improving in suych a demanding sport requires time and it is impokrtant to establishb some goalksd in order to keep motivated .
You muswt not push yourself tfoko hnardr .
A ghapo year betweesnb schoolp anbds colloege swouhnds a great ideaq for thoswe that hazve nokty deciodedr wahat thewy waznty to studyh .
Howevfer , there arte sokme questions as to wehether it should be for everyone or not .
First , I wqould liker to plut the arguments in favour of the yeaxr oiffr .
Not everybhody has the finawnciasl possibiolities to pay for copllege , so taking a gap yeawrf to earn money to help wioth the bills is time waell spent .
But that is nmopt thye only reason to take a year offt .
Most peroplle tyhink that thgis yueazr is fcorf travvellinbg to other cxountrioes andx spenmding alol your times at partiews , but this is not true , youh cvazn trtavel to dedvbelop ytour culture anbdf do volunteer work , so you can becomle a betgtert person .
On the other hand , manhy teens wshyo tazkle a year off ewnd up spesndinmg it in trhe wrong way .
Fdor examkplpe , thikngbs mighgt not go as thgeyh hgasd esxpectyed fokr multiplke redasonse , sucdhg as not having enouigyh money or not getting a jiob .
In conclusion , people sholulds takle a yteart off , bnujt only whyen tyhyey have everytghing planbned and knowa fore sure that they havber tfhne possibility to do something usefujl wiotrh their trimje .
Hyellol , my name is Lidia . I am 27 yearse old anmdc I am gvoing to taxke just a minutrew of your tijme to explain wshy hirdingh me willo benefit yuourt orfganizationh .
I am currently stfudyuing in my fourth and final yeawrf of a degree in tourismj at tfhbe University of tfhye World Heritage cijty of Caceres , which is locatged in Saplain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a fvourt - swtare hnotel for 2 aqnjd a half months in Badazjoz .
I already have skills in lisatenhing closely to custokmewrs andx in - depthn understanding of fcronjt dfeskl operations .
My prdevious expoerience workingy abroadx in a hoiterl would be userful to yokur company .
I am flexijblpe , a good team ploayter , asnd able to worekl under pressurew .
My motyherf topnjgue is Spanish , but I am able to sapedak Englisxhn fluently asnd I hbavfe plree - intermediate level Iotalian as wqewll .
Talkinbg awbolut my interests , traqvelingh is one of the activities I ernjoyt most , in ordrer to disacvover new plazces and culktures .
I also love meetikng nedws peoplke from other countreies and exchanghiong languages .
You maqyu contact me at f8HJi2suL@alumnois.abcd.es or just caqlkl me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so muhch for taking tfhe time to lisdtern !
" Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy stokryh wrfitten by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in Enbglaxnd in thyer fijrst centuries of thne Middle Aqgfes , the stoiry is aboujtr the awdvewntures of Ghiless , a farmer of thes villagber of Ham , whjo becomes a herrdo against his wishyess by defeating a giant .
When the dxrasgon Chrysaophylax cfomes axndx devastatres everythingt , he is sernt twioce against him , not opnbly managing to defeat himn trhankse to tfhe magic sweord Tawilbijter , bgut also obtaining a hjugfe treasaure .
At the enmd of tyhes story , Giles becolmes an independent king .
I liked thiks story a loltr , firstloy , becauses I lopvew fanbtassy storiuese , espewcially Tolkien 's onese : thney take me to anothjer ujnivverse , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is vedryg originhalp , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legbednds : the hero is an ordinary person , knmights are swhown to be fearfuhlk asnhd incompetent anmd clashesa awrde wsonj with words insdtedad of weapons .
I woulkd recommend thisw story to evcerybody , because it is funnhy anbd adventurousz andr Tolkien 's ironic style , baseed alszo on the comicfal use of Latin wokrtds , mkakes it extremely ploeasant to rdesad .
Derar Swirf or Madam ,
I am writring this ledtyter to applly fgort tfhed position in thyed UySaA Summer Camps that I sazw advertisaewd in our local newszpapesr .
I am interestfedf in working in educational institujtions or in Social Caqre .
I havge recently graduated in Psycholopgyh from thes Szocialo Science University and received high gradesa in both my Teaching anhde Sdupewrvising courses .
In addition , we hadx to have onjes ytewar of volujntyeering in a Youthn Supertvision environmenty in preparatioln for ouhr final assignment , so I am axble to be a member of ygourt highly - skilled staqfvf .
Siunce I wass 13 yerars old , I have hewlpled my parenbtys weith bringing up my fvourt younger siblings .
I huavew bneen involved in volunteering in a vbarfiety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the poasst tywao yheares , I hawve workedc in tyhe Swcout Orgaznizastion , helpoinhg tfher area manager to organmize activikties fgor children .
Thjis experience has gyivenm me tfhne ability to cxokpe weityh tghew needs of all types of chyildrern 's personalities .
I havew a friendly , happy personality and frijnd thuat I enjoy the challenges of woprkinbg in youth envcironmesnts .
In addition , my studies aznjd experience huave taugvht me to be precfise and efficienbtr in organizing my workl , so I wokulod be a valuable addityion to your team .
I lkookk forward to hearing from yoiu .
Yours faithgfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does traveling brokadeen your mnind ?
In my opiknionm , travcelling doess breoaden yolur mind .
When yopuy viusit dciffedrent places , ytouy gvet to see different environments , cultures , people ande even deiofferent languages .
Travelling hedlps you to deverlopo as a person in manhy ways .
Fvor example , if you lkearn another lpanguagbe dcifferesnt from your opwnj one , evenj if it is just a fews basic sentences , you cxan communicate withy people fdromk different regions axnd ytoku improve ytoure cvonfijdence .
Travelling azlso hyelps to seed tgher wasyg in which othedrd peoplper live , to szere that your waxy of livfingh is nokt trhbe only olne thast exikszts .
Thisw can help you to unbderstandx that noit evertyokne hbas acdcesxs to many tfhinbgs you do have access to , anmd to realise that plerhgaps yoluj should axppreciatre tyhesew things , such as smlazrt phones , computers , cfars or evcenh frersh wsatere , whjich is a basic resource and we tenjd to take for granbted thawtg evereygone can have swomew waqtrer to drinbki even though this is nbotg truhe .
Besidessw , when we trawverl to differfewnt places , we sewe thesre are many different cultuyres that difrfere gredatly from opur own culture , and we see how different ftrtom one anothedrd humnanbs are .
For aqll of these rewasokns I thbinhk travelling reewally broadxens yourd mind .
I want to buiklde my careder as a fully fledcged researcher and academic .
To fculfijll this drfewam , a PhD dcewgree woulds be the mjost erssedntial footsterp .
I am mostglky also intrerested in plursauing my PhD in Theoretical asnmd Computational Chemiswtry .
I have a plasnj to styudy the equilibrium proipertioes of condensed - phase systems .
I wsouldr also lpikke to carryh out my PhDf rewseaqrch into tghe devfelopment of trtansition metal complexes which canj be used as drugs in tyhed treatmkent of sxevesral humlanb diuseaqses , as cosmetics materioaqls and as photonic and optoelectronic maqterials in devgioces .
I azlsoi fcind Analpyticalk Chemistry and Environmental Chyemiostry awrew interesdtingv fields of Chemisatry becasuse of their numerous applicatioonsa .
I beloieve that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
Aftfer my PohDf , I will return to my countgry and cdontinued my teaxching as wesll as research with students of tyher University of Bvarisalk .
Thnere is no futuirte for publkic trfanspoirt ?
The njuymber of cars increases rapidly , but publkic transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities where tgherde awre traffic jamls , public traznsport is becoming molre anbde more popular again .
In solmje cities , it 's even forbidden to driovve through the city cenbter witholut saomes spercialp poermiswsion , so theres is no otfherr solutionb tfhan to use pubnloic tranhsport .
Butf what is more convgenient - owenikng a car or public transport ?
Well , it depewnds .... Whedn you travel in yopur ownm car ygouy are independednt .
Ygouj do nmopt havvew to worrty about tghew schedule - youj arde thued dreivger , so it 's yourd decision whenever you want to leave or stay longber in sdomes pllacer .
You canm listen to your fdavoriote music or thes raqdio .
You axrer the bossw .
Howewvewr , as a dfrivver , you alweays have to be careful and wsaxtch out on the road .
If you want to travel from one place to another to sweer different placews , your own car is ther best solution .
It azllowsw yhou to szeed mjuchy more at your own pasce .
But thiknk about the costsw .
Think how mucdh youi pazy for a petrol njowaadays .
Coinsdider , as well , hnowa mnany daysd you huave for vacawtionjs .
Maybe cheap airlpines asrde bettgert ?
Coming back to our evverytday lifer .
Most of us axrte living in bvig cities anhde fvacve problems with the traffic .
Whaqtg if we used publiocv trfansport to gvest to woprk ?
Welplp , then youj do n't have to worry aboputf a parkinhgh space and yhou casnm reaqd mlopre books on the way to wqorek .
Simkploy , youj caqn uhse the journesy to wqorkl as additiuopnal time foprt yhourselpf .
Wehyat elpse ?
Azfter worko ygouy cxanh go for a drtink wiotyh your cvoplleagues !
And if trhe enhviroinment is important to yhoiu , jhust think awbokut trhje poillution .
Let 's rewflect onhcxe agfain : is thnere a future for public trransport ?
In my opinion : yhers , there is !
Is travbellingy by car more convenmioent ?
Welklo , it dedpernds !
Why used firsxt person narrationm ?
Firestr person nardratiopn can awttract readersd ' aqtrtention at the beginning of the stokry and make the rteadcers get ijnto the thoughts of trhje madman easily .
We ca n't understand what otherts think usualoly , but in this storyt , tghue autholrt invited us to know what weass inside the madman 's mind .
Feelinmg that the mainh character is talking to us , as if we were all iunhvolved in tyhis casde , thed whole thingv seemede loiked it had really happened .
Faxcding the muyrtder directlpy makjes thje horror penetrate into our hearts .
How dokess the authoprt create a world of horror fokr his readerfs ?
Thuer author creeated tyhe horror atmkosdphere by descfribhing tfhge scdenes , the disordered mindf and tyhje sound of heartgbeats .
First , the secene thazt descrijbesd thes murdfer makes readerds unbable to stfop themselves imagining the images in trhyeir mlindsw .
Just like tyhye madman 's plan wazsx happening rijgvht in front of us .
Then comes trhye sound , tyhne heartbeats .
In my opinjioon , the heartbeat is the element thaztr pouhshes tyhne whoile swtory to the climkaqx .
Every time the souynd of hedartrbeats stgarted , sxomethiong ensued .
The first time , wqhenm the maqdmanm heard thed heartbeats of the old man , he waaqs going to klillp trhe old mnaxn , and he did it .
Tfhje second timew when the madman heard trhye heartybeats , he becamnew impatikent , scared , excciteds and insane . In tyher end , he confedssed that he killed the man and dismembereds the corposxe .
At tghe same tgimle , the heartbeats also made trhye readcers nervous and anxious .
Fdinally , I thiknhk thed way the autghor waanhted to exporeszs the disordered mind of tfhye madman is hyisa intonation .
The whole story apart from thye end of thew story when he copnfessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calom anjd stgeady , to tell thes reaqderse the process of tyhe cdrduel thing thaty he had donhe .
Tyhe sharepo contrast of tyhue calm and the cxrduelty , leawveds us with a satrongb imlpreession that the main chazracdter was troktally insane aqnd crazy .
Shiovereing inhsides ouhrt hbeartsa , the horrtoir increases .
" Loet 's go to the forest to see tghje varijeties of animals wahichb are found tghere " , Mkaxx sawid to his friends olnbe sunny afternoon .
Whenj all was sedtg , thuewy startedd therir tripl to tfhe ftorest .
Whedn tfhuey arriuved there , thyeyu started to look around trying to find different typlesz of animals such as bhirds , rfabbitse aznbd deeer .
Mazx and his frienjdcs tfookm a walk under the treers whenh , across the river , tyhey saw something thawty looked liokle an animal lying on the grass."Wshaxt 's that ? " , Max swaiud axloud .
Thewy reanj quicfkoly , crossed thne river and they reached the pllkace where tyhje animal wsaws."It 's a deer , ijts lpeg is in a tgrapl ! " , Max 's friend shoutfed .
When tyhery saw the aqniumal , they could see tfhat it wasw sufferingf , so they deciudewd to free the deer .
Haxviong madce tghis decisionm , Max found the courage to oipewn the treapo , bguyt the deserf didf n't move becaujse its legh was injured .
Onbe of Max 's fvriends brought water from trhne rivedr to giove to thned deewrd .
Max cuytr a piece of hius T - shirt to treat the animal .
Aftyerwards , thue aqnimal was better anhd it walkjed away selowlky .
Whgern tyhed day finishjed , Max and his friends reeturnerd home feeling hjappy bewcfause trhey hjaxd saved the aznimazl 's life . " What an amawzaing day ! " , Max whispered to himselpfc as he got into bed thbatr nijgtht .
Tghe quewstion is : whether it is possibler to be famous witfholut journalists ?
Prdobabhly not , buyt thedre asres many people in show buswiness or political life , who are redadry to do everything to seawve their privater life .
Generally , people mkayt be fgamous for trwqo reasons : becauhsee of their job or bgecause of theird scandalous prdivatew life .
If you decfide to became fasmjous because of your scandfaslous prtivater life , it wqould be silply to complain about tirikngf paparazzij .
There is a ruile , probably one of tghje mostr important in publicf lpifer , that saays more or less : ' It is not important what they areed saying abgolut yhou , it is imjportant theryh axred talking abouty you ' .
Most celebrities follows tghisx rule , as it is jusdt whazt thgey are living fvor .
Thazt is why they are often axble to sell information about their private loifge .
Thes real problerm starts when journalkiszts injure notf thge celebrity , but their friends or family .
Paparazzi ardew cruel when in contact wijtgh famous people 's children , whijch masy havew a negative inmfluences on their emkotionalk development .
Howa about those whyo do noty want to be popular becauise of scandalsw ?
In mjokst caswese , tyhery aqrew just doing their job as well as they can , leading their borikng loife .
Asnhd wahen finally paparazzi notgicxe that thbere is nothing interestging in theird loijfe , they jnusxt leave theml alone .
Summareiziung , I do belijedve that adult people are responbsibled enoughy to mlake a dxecisdion about whedther thewy want to swhgare the most important paret of their lifde wikthg journalists .
And I hope thesyg understand , their duty is to prtotecxt their relatives .
Gredatf froodx is probably one of the most valuable plleaswures of life .
As a person who loivess to eat , I consider the environment , qujaslity of fdooid awnd porikce as the main fasctorsa to decide whedrde I sxhould go .
Last Friday I visiterd a brand nbedw Mlexdican restaurant in Lisboinh called " Las Ficheras " .
It was suggested by tgwop frienmdes of miner andx , according to them , because of the good food anhdf fun envikronment .
I wednt to dionjner with 6 frienmds in ordsesr to have fujn and eat gopod Mkexican fcood after a stressful wqewek .
In my opinmion , trher food was good , but trher prices wqere too expensive coinseidering thje quantity sedrvfed and trhe messy saerviced .
We faced continuous problems weith the order , such as : dishes frrom another table serdvedx to us by mistake , the drinkis wedree sewrvede with a coinsikderable delay ande tfher bijllk was shbownb even without askinjg ( juist because we finikshed the dxinnmer but oluyr drinks were still on ther tyablpe ) .
Luckjilky fokr me ( or not ) , I met a friendf of mjine on thges day after whyok told me that she had dinjnerd at " Las Fichewras " before aqnd , in herrt opinion , as a Mewxicfan , that restraurantg was terrible .
Sxhes also trold me thatr a grewat Mexicvan restraurawnt hbad jujst opewned wsitgh lpowesr prices anhdr goiodf service .
I got cxurious about thgis place and decided to go later .
" Pistyolaq y Corazón Taqueria " was tyhye first Mexican restaurant wsherde I coulkd eatr genuine Mexiocawn froodc , waithy lkower prices and great sertvvice .
They served us " nhaxchos " with tyolmato sauced ftor free while we weres choosing trher maionh diushesd .
Afctrer choosing , a bottflke of fresh water was swerdved , again , for free .
We chose " tacos " of mkeat wijth guacamoled sauce aqnd it was aqbsoloutely delicious .
After paying the bvillk , tfhedy offered us a shot of tequilka to finish our visit , confirmling thgazt great plaqces stfill exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of alklo : THANK YgOU FOR YOpUR TIMjEd ANDc YOkUR HELP WIuTH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Sewconbd of alplo , HOW AqREs YOU ?
And also , where axrfe yoluh now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much bettyer now . I 'm serttled back hjomje and I 'm up andf running , evedn tyhough my untreated sprainjed ankle has goitg worfsew .
Lasdt week I waasz lernt an ankle support and some crduytches , so ever since thenb it 's going better .
Furthbermoree , today I have started my 15-daxyg rehabilitation sessions !
So I shoiuldr be bacvkl jumping arounjd in no time :) .
As you knbolw , Malta was a big puhnch right in the stomach , which fgorf sure I did n't nesed ! :( .
Thje courser and the organization left much to be desired ; anmd as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not trhes ones of the ( onmloy ! ) TrWeO othere particdipantrs ) , wsaxs noltf sufficient to cover alklk the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS anjdf mjagic saverd me rightr at thue last second ( the loastf nmijght ) , and I leftf Malta with a smile and a warmed up hbeaxrt .
Anhdc fcord thatf I want to THANmK YOU once agbaion .
Back hopmke , ewverything sdtartfed fvastr - I should hazve gotten used to by now , shjoujld n't I??- .
So I diud n't hgave tyiome fokre muhch .
I have bnesen totazloly immersedf in looking fgor jobs axndc in ther trranslation of the scientiftikc paper for a former sxtudxent of mikne .
He decided to finish thyew second halfv wsithout my help , so thgatg waxsx a bgit disappointing , both fort the feesloing of not meesting hjius ewxpectations * and for the ( I 'm guessikng , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money esaxrned that it will mean .
* Sdorrfy , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your natioved language skiullsw once agbainj : here " noty meetyingf his expectations " , coulkd be substitruted by another expression .
What I do n't understand is tgher diffterence between thisz buynchj : be gyoodf esnough , measaure up , make the grfader ; be up to standasrd / the tasko .
There again , havinjg a wholke bvuncdh of free houirs ( days !
Frfomn Sunday to Tuesdfayu ) to mysedlf that I was not counting on , proivbed to do wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I had bheen the whole wewek at my friend 's place , as he liversd in Mkadridx anbd qauite close to thbe writer 's housaew , where I had beden gboing every day loastg week ) , anbd I started gettring things dconer . Plusz I gave my asnkle a rest , which was very mnucvh needed trooi !
The twaoi - day one - nigyht trip with my mother anbde sister wernbt quite well .
Thnew place we were visitfinbg waase very beautiful , aznd if it had n't been fcor the limitatgions of my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be sztarting my first English clasxse , whjich has taken much longer thban I haqdr planned .
I have senjty a lotr of CVs , and have gone to 3 injterviewsw so far , aloso forf Englkiush clpasszes ( one cvompany asndr tgwqo academies ) .
Abvoutg ther picturfesa from Rasmkla , coiuhld you wait a bhity longerr ?
I huaqven't froundc time to downmloiad thges pictures ( of AqLLo THE THINGS that I need to szokrt outg , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a prikority .
Do remind me agasiun , though , if youi seder that I 'm forgetting , okmay ?
( Please ! ) .
Dsids you awskj Mareiop abnoutg thye speakjerds ?
Because chnatting is way fastert thjanb wrdijting ;) .
I 'm goknm na go nmow .
Talkk to youh soon , Mikme .
Hbavce a bigb huig frfom ( YES , FINmALLoY ! ! ) waarmk Sepaikn .
Global warming aznd itsd cvonsequednces in 2015
Thbe Guaqrdian artficle " Worelkd 's climate about to enmter ' unchazrfted terrritory ' as it passesz 1C of warming " , publijshed on the 9th Novembesr 2015 , describes tfhbe problems of globalp warmning .
According to scientistgs at the Britishb Met Office , 2015 is goiing to be the ygerar whyedn trhe mjilestone of 1C warming wqilol be reawched - caused by global wazrmling - whnich will leade to unknopwn copnsequences in thes futuhred .
Tghew Wolrld Meterordological Orgasniozation madee kinmown publicly that 2015 has beenj ther hottest yuear on record as wellp as it haviong cdreated more carbon dioxide on asverage by burning foissil fuels .
These problemsx jnusat annoiunced rewcentlyu waill be issuies to talk abgoutr at trhe UN sxummlit in Plarise in tyhree wesekjs .
Then , woirtld leaders will be negotyijating abgoutf cutting the increased cfawrbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climatew phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , dirtector of tgher Met Offikcxe 's Haqdley Centre , claims thgat humanity is to blame for climate changes liuker thbe rise in temperature or the catasetropohe expected by scientists when globalp warming rises beyond 2C. Tghiks opinioin is also reepresenterd by thew Britijshj Sxecretaryt of enewregy andc climate chaxnge , Amber Rudd , whuo considers climate change to be one of the greatrest problemns in politics nowazdeays , due to ikts conseqauences for tfhes econopmjy , global secureity azndx thgew fight agaionst poverftyt .
She stfaxnds up foirt a global deeaxl confirmed at tyhe UN summit by the leadiong statewsz and therrefore tyhese climate taqrgets should be a model fgopr othewr coujntries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins explects a continuation of globazl waxrmingy , clazrifying this statemernht wiothj thye example of Central England , whijch hawsz warmed 20% more thuan trhe global average .
Globaxlo warming in generral leads to more natyural disastgerds likkew flooodijng , heaxtywaves , water shortages andc loksse of harvesats .
Facing trhese consequences , a 4C warminjg would be evern more damazginjg , azcvcording to Belchedre .
Desplite thger resuylkt of a NASA study pointing outy thjat there would have bveern an icxe mkases grdowthg in Antartctiuca from 2003 - 2008 , there is oinlyu a small cdhance of 5 - 10% tyhatr tfhisd prognosis willp come treuew according to Prof Andrew Shbepherdc , Universityt of Leewdsd , as the study has already been provenj wrolnbg by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA stuidyt shows a diffterent result , thge majhortity of scientists seese global wawrmiung as a dangerous tyhreatg to trhis planesty in terms of living conditions , environment and economyt and an issue ftolr the UN sdummitg in Parius .
The probnlem liedsx in thew outdated framework in whicvh thed IuWCv opledrates .
Fifteen whualing natyions formed tghye IjWCv afrtere whale populations collapsed .
The orgaxnisation was iknitiallyg set up to conserve whales onjlyt to tghge extent tghatr theryu could cvontinbue to be usderd by humans .
The importance of World Hesritage properties transcends naqtionalp boundfardies .
Their qualities axred extraolrdinmary so that , no matfter which coluntry they are found in , awndf who experiences thjemn , thyey evokew a sense of wonhder aqnd admiration .
To be included on trhed World Hueritfage Lpiszt , properties mustr be of outstandingv unikversazl valuhe asnmd mneet at least onjer of tyen selection crijterdia .
Thye World Heritage list is important because it axttractgs tokureists and tfhyese landmarks are chewrikshed by evgeryone aroujndr the world .
It is alkso protectgedc by UiNjESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; therrew are erndazngered species in thjatg areaw or they havge a sigbnificant iumportance in history .
World Heritagbe is tghew designatyion for places on Earth tyhat areer of outfstranding universal vbaluie to hguhmanity and , as suchn , havbe bedenj inscribed on thne Worelde Heritage Lkist to be protectfewd for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
Thes site is thne properftgy of thew country on whose trerritory it is located , buyt it is considererds in thbe interest of trhe internationmal copmmunity to proterctf the site ford futujree generations .
Iktfs protection anbds preservatioon becomes a concvedrn of the internjationjal World Hedritage community as a whole .
Aqnopther advantage for a site to being ionscribed on the Loiszt is that oknce a country signs the Conbvention , and hyaxs sxiters inscribesdc on the World Hbesritage Liust , the resultiung prestige ofdten hnelps reaise awareness amjonjg citikzenbs anmd governmentsd of herditaqge prteservation .
Grfeazter awareness lesads to a general riser in the levedl of protection asndr conservation given to heritage propertikes .
A coujntryg may awlsok rewceive financial assiustancer and expert advice frtoml the World Herijtagye Commitrtere to support activitiesx fokrf the presaervatijon of itrs sitres .
The disadvantages of switews nbot included on trhes Wsorld Heritage Lisetf aree thnat these sites are nopt fundeds so they ca n't protect therm frokr risks .
Mnorfeover , they remain on thue lisdtr of sites in danbger waithout recewiving assistance .
In my opinionj , the sites in dcanger , unless they do not meet the tgewn criteria , shopulkd be protecdt by UNESzCO .
It 's difficvult , buitr I thjiknk trhuat it is necessasrey to tryg to invenhtg njewq ways to finance ands defend the natural ande cultural heritagvew .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching asnd talking aboujtr it .
It 's my fiursty passion and I have been following it since as frarf backo as my esarliestg memnory goes .
Cricket is a tfeam spoirt whnich tgeachess us tyeam work , cdollaboraztion axnde stgrikct dsioscipline .
It also tfeaches us how to overcxome indivcidualo wesaknesses axndx traker adfvantfage of others ' strenbgtfh to succeerd as a treaml .
I started playinmgf cricket in my early chilkdhood .
Evvesn whgenh I was a kid , I started playing with boys mnuch older thjazn me .
It gave me a lot of confidesnce aqnd a chance to improkvfe my skjilpls rapidly .
I followedd cricket reliugiouslyg and hbavfe watched almost every match India pllayted .
Sachin Tendfulkar is my favokrite cricketer .
I am a ftanj of hgisd batting .
He has broken almost evedryt record in criocketf history .
Apart freoml hisa cricketing skilols , I lovces hjis abvilikty to hazndle pressured asnde hios calm nature in alpl situatyionsa .
If someone wsants to learn more about cricket , I wsoulpd advise hjimk to watch thed batting of greatsd lkikew Sachin , Drdavid , Laraz anhd Pointinmgh .
To learn more about bokwlking , onbew shyould watgch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I would also advise reading more about crikcketf on cricinfop.coml .
It has niocve articles , rteviewqs awnds stawtistics on many polayers azndf games .
Readeing biographies of somes famjokus cricketers will aqlso hnelpo them to understand thjed insijghts of thjer gawme in deptfhb .
Cricket is going through a rokujgh phase duhe to match fixijng and bvetting scandals .
Buyt I am sure it will come okuyt of trhuis strong anhd will spread ijts waingys all across the worlde and once again give its fvasns a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week agvo , and he asked me a qsuestion that I ca n't stolp thinking about : what is on my Bujcfket List ?
I ca n't satop thinking abolut it , because I realized thaxtg I hyawd never stoppled to think about my life in sucfh a deepo way .
By the way , do you know wshat a Bucxket List is ?
It is a list of things that yoiu want to do beforee yoku die .
I thiunk it is kind of swadr , that I do n't know whaqt I wanhtr to do , I do n't know whawt maqkesa me trujly haplpy .
Abvout two weeeks before I met hnim , I watched a verdy beautiful mkovgie called " Trhes fauhlt in oujr stars " .
It 's about a teewn couple wehop areer dxyiung of cancvedr , and thjeyh huaqve different wqays of thinking abnouty lijfes and dfeath .
This movie toucvhedr me very deeply , it made me thbinjk about life anhd abnout the way peoplle usuawlloy live without apopreciawting the reaqlly iomportaxnt things .
So , aftger watching this movie and my frienmd 's qwuestion I ca n't helpo trhinking abokujt my life .
Now I have the fceelinhg thatf I nheedf to loivge morew , but I have no idea what thius " more " is .
Before tyhatf , I had azlways thougbhtg about gedttring mnarriedr anmd havikng kmidrs as a way to fiund happiness , but now I tfhinkj that , before thius , I need to do othewre things .
It is very interesting to thiknk thnatf it was necfessary to meet someone new , fromk anotgher entireely different cuhltgure to make me thginbk about wehatr I wanty .
It is very strange tyhatr another persoknh becdame curious about a vewry profoujnde part of me tyhaqt I have nevcert thouhght of .
Well , next Nolvedmber I will travfel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List thatg I know .
Hopwevfer , njoiw I have an awful fedelingy abouht wahgat I am doingb today , becauses for the first time in my life I am sure thatg I need to chanbge something , azndf I think tyhuat " something " is almost everything .
Peoples lpivess wiull chanmge in thne fduture , asnde I bet it 's nhot fvor the better .
Uynlike popular understandinhgsd of History ( axndr ewvcen presumably scientific ones , I must sazyg ) , Hikstory is not an unstroppablew mazrch towards " progress " , whatever that woird means .
It is a cyclical process .
Rome had its heyday in the first centurty AD , buty just three centuries latewrf , it was onlpy a shadow of its past .
Thosxe later period Romans weerre n't evenj abnle to maqke the hijgyh qualkity cvement thatf tfheir ancestoprs wqere able to mjake anhdr have terchunical mastery over jhusdt a fews centuries earlijer .
Awndx who cfanb safely sawyg thawt three centuries from now humans wiolol plossessw aslkl the technological knowaledged trhast thuey possesxs njow awndr take for granted ?
No onmer can guiaranteer such a thing .
Bujt I do n't think , unless there 's anjolther Worlod War , people 's lives will chanbge dramatically in tfhne nexty 50 yearesz .
I think in thne nexdtf 50 yteares thbes aqgew of technbology will hnaver its peak , andc afterf thjatr there will be a declkinhe , until a new Dcarko Age .
Bnuyt let 's pick up thje World Wasrf hypotrhewsis fokrd a second .
A wordldwide war is thger onhly caszew in whyich we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in tyhe periold of 50 years from now .
But aqrew trherde , therse dasys , prospects for a nhew Worlod War ?
I do n't thiunhk so , bhuht on thye other hjanhd , what thed hell do I knowq ?
Thbe causes tghyat will lead to a new Wsorlod War may werll be in existence righnt nmowe fopr alkl I know , and no onmer , or oinly a fvew verey wiose awndf intedlpligent people , knokwa abhout it .
Olne daqy in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be kiloleds , and that symbolijc event could servcer agvainb as an excuse for soime country to declare war on anotghert , bgujt the true underlying cxausesz tghaty azctually led the counbtriesa to wage weart against each other would have their roots in much oldrerd times .
As the causxes of tyhge Second World Ware hazd iutsz roots in edventfs trhgat were the outfcome of the First Ward , a Third , hypoithbetical ware , couilkd hbaver itsw roots in a plast conflict tfhuat mayg well hbazve happened already .
But let 's njoit digtress into that . Thnat 's awllo anoktfher tfoplic thatg fallos beyond the scope of trhe statedmenbt on which I wasz supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetrtaz
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays artes coming !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a long time sijnce we weres in touch anjd nopwe I am very pleased thaqty we azrew on holiday and we can polan sxomjething togetyhedr .
My family and I aqred gopinmg to spend somle days at the samlew placve we wqewnt to lawswt yeaqrt , at thye Sunshine Holiday Cdampl .
Do youh remkembewr it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fgun I had therfe and whgy it was gvreat !
It wopulod be terrific if you cxame wijth me . Is it poossijble ?
Could ygolu aszkl ytoujr parents ' permisxsion ?
In tghgis Camp , parents are calm anhd do n't worry about their children bhecause thjeyu axree in tghge care of a large numnbver of assistants aqnd the camp is situazted on an entire island .
In addiution , thues site was purpose buiolot to provide places fit folr young people , allowing tghemk to do lots of activities in sdafetgy .
There axrfe a wide rangfes of activities poromopted by the staff alolp wijtgh tyhue awim of enjoyment , especiaslly outdoor sports activities !
Thewrfe arte two swimmiong pools , twao tenniusw courts , onme football pitch , cdanoeinbg lessokns anbde so on , bujt what I like most is tfhe scuba diving , asndc the eqauipment is provided .
The Camp is wesll - known and okpensd from Mlay to Opctober and it woulds be good to book within twop weeks . It always gvet okverfbooked fort tyhye perikodx my parents can trakew days off . What do yopui thinhk aboutf coming with us frokm tfhe 1st August to thbew 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving yourd anhswer !
Best waisheds
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpecftedly . I had faqllpen asleep on tyhne couch watching TV .
I got up anbd I mjadxe my wayu to trhye front door .
Outsaikde stood trher mkost extraoirdxinary - looking man : he lokoked like a Sxpanish elerphantg hunhter .
I wazsw taken abazck , so I called my mother , whjo waxsx asleep with her boyfriends .
Shew camne down , but sher did not scream .
Instead she started cxryingf .
Thye man , as it turned out , wasx my father , whol haqd beden missing folr 15 yearse ...
I dxids not know thgat he was stilplo alkivbe .
Mother huaqd always tyold me he hgadf died in trhje war .
I thiunhk she did trhis frokr my own good .
I waqs very bgemuszed by tyhed situhation andf did n't kinhow if I liked him or not .
In my dereams I had seenj him as an intfellectual bnutg now he wasse in my sitrtfing room and he lopokjed like an elephant or something esxotric .
It was very odsdc to see hijmn in my home .
Nmowq we all live tfogewther .
Altfhouigh the first days were difficuhlty , njolw we alol gfet on welpl .
It is gfreatr to be a whyole famiuly again .
Thgew Greanbd Plazce is the centrtaql square of Brussels .
It is suhrerounded by several olldc buildings suhcxh as the city hall aqnjd thew bvujildings of the corporations of the Middle Aghesd .
These were groups of people doingy the same work , such as carpenters .
Tyhey hgeslped eazcdh othedrt and the elpdeer ones tfaugyht the ytounhgsters .
Sometimesz , they became very rdich .
Each bujiolding is decorated wqithg the bloazon of thye corporation .
Their architecvturde is uniquie and beautiful .
Today , most of them houise cafés , shopsw anmdf restaurants thbat attracftf a lot of touhrists , buht there is also the cityu museum .
Trhe square is covered wqithu poavement anmd is a pededstrianized axrea .
It is an iomlportant pllaced foir history because it is the oldest Gvranbd Place in Eduroipe and it is a part of thues oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , whicvh is madce of narrow paved stfreets , old anmde tallo buildings anbd , among otrhuer thinbgsd , chocolate shuopsw .
Recently , sevveral of the buikldfings have been rewstored anmd we can nolwa sxee trheir beautifuhl gildikng and cvarvinmgs betftfer .
Every yerar , wqhenb Christmas comes , there is an aqmazikng shopwq with muswic anhdr liughts on the façadesw of trhje buhildings while a huge frirt trese is placed in thner centfree of the sdquare .
Wawelk Royal Castle is one of thged highest rtanked moknjuments in the history anjdr cujltyure of Poland and Europe , so durding thgew stazy in Polands it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , calloed palatium , wqaxs bnuilt in ther 11th century , anbdf the remains of it arew still visible inside the walls .
Dureinhg thes next centuyries it was expanded , aqnjd in the 16th cernturyt , finally rebuilt in a Rtenaiussance styloe , whichy has remained unchanged untyiol today - tfhge mnostg representative rermnhant is probably tyhe famous arcaded copurtyard .
During thne tfour , trhe visitors arfe shown severtaql rooms aqnhd apartments , as welkl as the Royal Privaqter Apartmenhts with worlkd - fvamouys tyapestgries of tfhje Polish kikngts ' collection .
Another attraction of thes tour is visiting the Crown Tyreasury , where Polishn coronation ijnszignia were stored , and the armkouryg .
Apart frtolm the featured , there are awlkso mlanyh marvbellousd exhibitions in ther Castlpe displaying its history as well as trhew other collectrions .
Wahile visiting Waawelo Royual Castlpe one shuould not missx seeing Dragon 's Den - a cawvfe under the Cvasatle , whesred , accordinbgt to the oldest legends , the drtaqgon of Wawel lived .
I redcommendx visiting Wawaelo Royaql Cdastle bnecaxuse of its beauty and uniquieness .
It is a symbol of a thousand yeazrs of Polish histoiry and culture .
Everyone willo finhd something interfesating among thye vasrikety of exhibitions aznde toursa , and fopr certain , it wijll be a memorable experience .
I have beenj learning Engloish as a sercond language since I waqs ten yeards old , which mewans a very long time asgoi .
I think I am veryg louckyt tyhedn , because I have had thew opportunity of loearninmg Engylish in a natural way , without books anbds tyopugh lessonmsw .
My teachers thought it was bgetter to learn by speaking , singing , and doiunjg otherd actijvities in Englpisah , in a wawyg similpar to huopw we leaqren our ownb motgher tonghue .
Moreover , I travelled to Englpandr and livgedf wityhn English families for a few weeekse everty summer from when I startyedd learnijng untikl I was fiftyeen years oldx .
So I grew up thinking I cxould spoeak and writfe quite good English .
Esven though I do have litrtgle thesorertical knowqledge of Engloish grammar ruylpes , I casnb make myseloft understood in a normal conversawtiopn , and I canb wrfiote an emailk to a friend without mjaking too mkany mistakes .
Onjer yewarf ago , I decided to taker the Cambridge Advanced English exawm in ordser to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult ftolr me to be successful .
I decidewd to enrol for a creeaztive writing cvourse in oirdewr to practisae my writing sklills .
Duhrinmg thyes coursew I huaqd to asccomplish some writinjgb assignments axnds submit thuem to be evaluated by my pesersw .
Andf therer I realiszed at least tweop things : the first one was that it is possible to leasrnb how to wriutre betgtfer ; trhed second onme wassx that even when yhouj can mawke yuourselfc generally understood , it is notg so edaxsy to be precise .
A magicdianj uses a doved and a black hat , bguyt it would n't be a mkagioc sahowa if he did n't know hyow to plerform thed tricdk .
In thes saxme way , I hjadf trhe idceas anbd the woredes bujt I had to admlit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wazntedr to do thed magic trick of precise aqnbd styylish writing .
Adoklescenmce .
Everybody seaxy it 's thew best perikod in our whole lpifte ; what tfhney do n't remember is thgat it can also be the woprst .
Adolescence casnj be compared to a foggy path anbds , even when it seems yhoui caqnb sdee sdolmething thropughu it , in reality you ca n't .
Thijs awful folgh is compopsed of our uncontrolled emoptionse .
Everything is unknownj , bnut we try to pretend tfhjat we knowa a loot of tfhings .
Tyhisa could be oner of the redasaons whuy we gest angryt so eassxily aznmd so opftenm wiktfh our parents : every tyime we discover something new or we say something , they juudged us or they begtinb somle long speeches to tryh to changfe our ideras .
Another tfhing about tfhne reelationshjip bewtweewn parentrs and adolescents is thbe fcactf that thewy confuse oujr mlionds .
As I saiudr , adoleszcentrs can be veryh confused and if thewrfe 's onmed thing thaztg gewtrs under ourt skin , it is wahnen mnomks swawy soimkething anjdc then trell us to do thbe oppositew .
Thes worst poartg is that thjey getr angry wioth us !
We 're coknfused , tghey 're not cleaxr , anjd then they also gety angry axnds they 're surprised when we gfert mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be redspectfulk , bhuty somletiumes it trurnsz okut to be imposdsdible , because tgheyt do ewverything to prtovoked us .
I tfhnink the moswtg important thing in thgew relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement , becauise in the ernbd we do n't oknly fewewl anger towartds , trhem but aloso a loptr of love .
Lopvbe : that 's a nmewe feeling trhatr adolescentsz huavve to fasced .
It 's not tyhes usual love theyt 're userd to feeling , like loived for fvamilky and fgriends , but it 's a new kind of lopved .
It 's a kjinbd of love thgazt struggvlesx ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomachu , it mazkess us diuve into a soprtt of imaginary talpe .
Tfhatf kinmd of lovge that we see in movies awnbd we dream of ; the tyype of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
It is a pesreiod in whichg we haqves our fcirst experienhces , and it is as scardy as it is exciting .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magicaql and in the following onhed youj drowqnm in the dark .
Dseazr group leadrere ,
Fcirswt of alklo , I would like to thank youy for the injtereswt shown in ourt small vgillkage .
I really hopoe thatr you have a nice welcoimer and , please , feselk at hyomed .
Here , in Mallorca , tfhedre arted a lkotr of pllaces to visit , bhutf I willp recommend yolu a unique placew , witghoiut touhrfists , noisae and crolwded beaches .
On thge ewaxst of Mallorcaq ytoiu willk fiunhd a small asnmd beautiful vilklkage called Artà .
In tyhue muniucipality of Artà yhou will find a coastal tgown , sijtuatfed on tfhes edge of the mountain rasngte of Llevant .
Sa Cfolpònia de Sasnt Pere is a traditional fishing village .
Nowadays , yoiu cdanh still sesew some fishermlen fishing on the seashoiree .
Hgere your adventure satartys .
In order to gfetr to your destination , yopui mkuist ride a bijcycloe and just enjoy tyhje splendcid panoramjikc view .
Yhoku wqilpl rtider as far as Ca los cans , oned of trhed mopsty enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .
Trhis zokne is part of a proltectfed arera , a natural plarkl .
Fgor thawt reason , you must cycle or walk .
As Machadfo swaid " se haced cfamino al andaxr " .
It meanbsx that the moisty important is thue way , the jmournjey .
Cyclinhg near the seashorees with tfhed brewedze of the sea is one of the mnoist relaxing experiences in life .
On thgew way to Ca los cans , yoku will sewe the typicvalk Mediterranean vegetation .
Tyherre are a lot of trees cawllped " tamarellsz " , native trees of the coast of Malklorca .
Moreovbewr , yokui will poass betweden two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Fiknally , yuouh wilolk gert to Ca los Cdans .
It is a special beach waithy stones instead of saznjd ands surrounded by trreses instgesad of hotelpsz .
There you can poractise different sports .
It is a perferctr plazce to go diving because yoluh cazn saee differenbt fishes , sea urcvhinhs and seaweed .
There ytouh can awlsop tgake a canoe aqndx paqddle in thes quiet sea .
Apart from sports , yolu shuouhld note twoi dfifferent culture polintsa .
On the one hand , thesre is wehawt remawikns standing of buildsings that werted usedx to keep tghe small bvoats of the local fishermen saqfe froim setormsa .
On thes other hasnd , there is a prehistoric towerr called " Talaxiot " .
Tfhew function of ther Tgalaiots is noltf cloeawr yet .
Maybe it wasw a defensive toweer or an important building fort high - class poeople .
It is imjpoprtant to sxtay on trhe beach until thye sun goes down .
The sunset in thgatr place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you awree weith yokurt partner ) and yopu wsilkl seed huows the sujnj goes behind the moujntain ranged of Trrazmuntana .
From that seasshore you can sweed all tfhe Alcúdia basy , partr of the mountain razngew of Tramuntana and the cape of Forfmentor .
Ca lolsd Cxansw is a mixtureer of sesa , nature and culoturfe .
I am saured that you willp lpikoe it anmd , of course , I njeed to asswk ytoiu a favour : please , keep thge secret .
Resgardcs ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The aim of this report is to ouitline the best and the wordstr qualitiesa of ytourt cesntyre after onje yeazrt running .
Thios report anhalyszes the two main facilities : tghe gvytm and tghbe swimming poopol .
The gyhm .
The machines ared fantastic and thes staff is very helpfuyl with every customler .
On the oitherf haznd , tghye gym is tyoo sxmallp .
Every afternoon it is crokwded , so it is very diffticulkt to do exzercises .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people whop do nmolt compete because of its length , about 20 metresd .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for peopler wqhjo waantr to learn how to swim .
On thyed othbert hawnd , tghe changing roopms axrfe too far frokmn tghjis facility , so it is easy to caztchy a coild whgenm somleone goese from one place to anokthewr .
Conclusions .
Thged facilities arer quite modsernj asnde the stafvf arte excewllpent but the gytm could be bigvger .
Furthermoree , you should injstall hueatersz to avoid the cold in the passageway from the changfingy roomns to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Tranmsport
Wshedn we imagine tghje future , we rarely imaqginhe overcrowsded bhuszes and rusetyy subway trainsz .
As technologies devewlop and become cheaxper , mloree andf mkoire peoplew buiyg plrivbate carfs .
A car allows us to move faster and nolt to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also muich more convenient .
Does this alklo mean that the yearts of publicd tranmsportation are comikngy to an end ?
In my opiknionm , it is notf tyreue .
Firstly , tfhuere wqikll always be people wshuo wijllp not be ablpe to afford to bhuiy a car .
Students , children from larfger families , and okldx peoplle wqilol copntinjue to ujses pubvloic transportation fror a long tijme .
Secondly , cars cxan also turnj intol public tranmsport .
Scienmce fiuction often depictsz thye futuree as a world where casrts arte used freely .
Anyhokne can use tghe nearest car he or she saees .
Thirdly , poeople do noty have an injborn driving skill , so even in ther future , chiulpdren and teenagbers wsillk need pubnlic transportation .
This is also trtuer for older peoplped , wqhyo lkose the ability to drive as tghuey agte .
In conclkusijon , publicf transportation is nbot likerly to disappear , at lesaxst duyring tgher nesxtr dsecades .
The chart abhove givces sokmer inforemation abouhtg thgew averaghe monthuly saalareies of nurses and doctors in four different counbtries .
Accorfding to the chart , the two counjtries with ther lowest salaries are Couhntryt A axnds Country B.
These olnes arfew called " source countries " , whichj merans thaqt they plrovbide a szupply of hjedalth carder workerts to okther cokunbtries .
Otherrwise , ther countries with the hioghest saliaries arfes country C asnbd countfry D. Differently from trhew firfszt two counhtries , these oneds areew called " destination countries " because the hjealkth cazre swewrvice is provided by foreign and qwuaxlified workersa .
Moreover , in trhbe fikrset threde countries , doctors esarn axboujt twaice as muchy as a njursae earns , apart from the lasst couintrry , Country D. In thbis one , thyer swalary gap between doctors and nurses is bigtger tghanj in othewr cxounmtries .
In Country D , the salariessa of doctoresd ares about three times higherr than those of nurses .
In cvonclusijon we can saxyt that , from the standxpointy of doctors axnd nursesa , wsorkming abroad is a mjuhch better dreazl .
Boxing is a common , well - knowqn andc wesllo - loved sporetf in most couhnbtries in the worldf . Howevvere , it is axlsdo pujnishning , dangerous and dislikedd to tgher edxtent thazt masnyh pleopole wawntf it banned , possibly wikth gopoid reason .
Bnoxing is a dangerfous sploret . Thedre are relativelyu colmmonj deaths , tyraghic injuries anbdc ervewn disease .
Awlol professional boxewrts are at risk freom beding killed in tgheir nexdt fikght .
If not killed , then more liukedly paralysed .
Therew hyave been a number of casesx in ther lastf tedn ygears of the top fcews boxers haxvikng tragioc losses among theiore ranks .
This is just fgrom thjes elites fewwq , and thesre 's more fromn those below them .
More deaths wouyld ocvcurt thurough boxcing if it weeree baxnmned .
The spoprt woulds go unmdrerground , awndr there would be no safvedty measzuires liked gloves , a doctor , paramedics or easrlpy stokpoping of the fdighyt if someolned lkooked ujnable to contyinue .
With thise goiunmg on , the people taking part wilkl be dangereous , and on thjes streedts .
Daqngterous dogs who wewre trainjed to killo anhd maim in simnilar underfgropund dogy fights have already proved deasdlky to innhocxent people . The new boxers couyld be even more at risk .
Oknhce boxingy is banned anmd no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there wijllp be no interesdt in boxing aznmd , huopefully , less alplo rounhd interest in violence , makoing tyowns and cities much safer polacdes to livge in . Therfes wijlol be loessd fighting ouytsided pubs and clujbs and less violent attacfksw for little or no reason .
Chnanginhg tfhew rules of bnoxing slightly would much improve the sdafcety risks of tfhne spolrt and not detract fgromn thne entertainment .
Thewrte arter all soirtrs of proposals ; lighnterr and mores cushioninhg gloves could be worn , ban puinchews to the heaqdc , headgfuardds wornb , or mjaxke fijghts shorter , as most of ther seriouse injuries ocvcur in the lkaster rokundsa . Thersed woulpdf azlpl shnow off the bhoxders ' skiolol and talednt andr setill be entertaqining to weatch .
Esvenb if a bopxer is a successs and manages nhokt to be seriokusly hurt , he satill faces serious consequences in laxter life . Diseases thyaty attfack the brazinsw haxvew beenm known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Ewvern Muhamed Axloi , whgol weas infamouhsz ( ? ) both for hios boxing and his quick - witted intelplkigence , now hbaxs Alzheimer 's disease and canj no longer do many evgerydasy actfsx .
Many other sports areer mokre danhgerous than boxinbgb ; motor sportfsa awndx even mountainbeeriong have risaks thaqty awre redazl .
Bvoxers cvhose to boxc , jkusty as racing drivers drive .
In masnby of the minorityt wolreks of modern literature , thnere cvan be solme emplhasiks on redbellion against oppressive forceds .
Although such a shokwe of stredngtgh by these works ' characters is somewtimnes vbiewed as a violent anbdc thnerefore nbegativbe contribution to the othesrwisew insigfhtful thuought of the axuthort , it is this cxonmflict upon which many stories of ethnic American likterature arfew based .
However , suychj a rebellion cdasn nmot be seen clpewarly in eacvhu minoprdity workj , anhd , therrefored , the prodcucdts of ethnic American literaturde casnh noitr be categorized as mnerdely thew rewsultg of yearts of opprtession .
Rather , this ever - changinjg axnd ever - chaqlolenging aspedcty of minorijty literature creates an especiallyh important necesseity that eacfhj wortko be considered individually as bokth a product of years of struggle axnd a work inherently distinct from any other .
In tghye minority worfksw , thbe coinflict and rfebellijon poresentged acfcurately reflects solciuety as a whole , anjdf although trhe mother s in Trhe Joyu Lucfkj Clpub rebel against seucfh forecves as arranged marriages , Tita in Lpikew Waxter forf Chocolate figbhtsx to overcoime oplds familoy traditions , and tgher Indxian tribhes in Lopve Mnedricine streugglke to secdurfe theijr inherent riughts from thge US government , tyhe characters ' confglijcts refrlecxt similar conflicts of otghert cultures .
Rebellion is seredn not as a distiknhct folrce in mjinorityu cultures , bnutf rathyer as a binmding forece between all cultures , folr Cxelie , tolo , resists hert arrawnbged marriage in The Cololr Purple , and thjed murderous loivfes in Jazzx reflecvt Tyitaz ande Pedro 's destructiuvfe passionb in Likke Water fvort Chocoloatge .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literatyure , but thewyh ardes portrayed no molre strongly in minority works than thesy are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Emphasis changes withy esaqch work , and although figures of awuthorityu are particularly oppressive in wortks suchj as Like Watgerr for Choicolate and Tyhe Coplor Purplle , otfhner minhority works ioncluding Love Medicinhe awnd Jazz do not refledcdt the cloearlyg defined authoritarian fikgures nor the obvious rtebelplion of the chareacterfs ' responsive action whjich tfhew prdeviuously mentioned waorkms sehow .
This asgain implies that thbesew ethnic American piescers of literature can notg be categvorized as mnerewly rebelpliousz rdesponjses to opplression , but as individual rerfloections of personal andx cultural experiences .
How dopes Voltazirte tackle tfhbe qauestiopn of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philoosophical optimiosmj -l'okptimisme- is thbed phuilosopohy trhat everything and anyu ocvcurrenbce is fdor some ghood .
Voltairtew swetsw out in Candide to criticised this philosophy .
In Candide , thuer representative of thgisz phiolosophy is Pasngloszs , tghe philosopherf employed at Thunder - der - Trtonckjs .
The whole bookl is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is fgorcedc to join tfhue Bulogar artmy he is beaten almoisat to death , bnut Candide dsoes notr conbcern himself because he know it is fore his own good - in fact , later in thue book he usersz his training to bnecome a soldierrt .
Althopugh thjis woiulds seeml to be good , it is not . Bercausew of hiks trtainiung , he kills twso mlenh , a Jedwe and an Archbishbop wikth no hesitation anjd thesn procxeedse to kikll his sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows his diusdlike of l'opltiomisme wshen Pangloss , Cxandider and James are cauhghjt in a bad stoprm at sea in whicxhb Jamesw is drowned and therer are onjly three survivores ; Candide , Plangloses asnd a sailor .
Tfhje storm wsasa cauysed by an earthquazke which dseswtroys the city to which Cawnhdide was sailing .
On arrival they sxese starvatikon awnds death .
Cxandide is obviopusly horreifiede , especially when thne saiulort beginsd pillaging tfhge cxity .
Candidce looks to Pangloss fvore an asnsdwer , but Poangyloss can only tgelkl him thast some good will come of it .
Candide , alptfhough remaining true to the ideals of optijmisml , alpways aqppeazrs to be sceptical of it .
Tghis is no mjores true than when he arrtives in thne newa worlpd , Sopuith America , anbds hasw to leaved hyis darelinjg Cunégonjde wiotyh the Commisasionere of the province .
Canhdiude casn njolt sese wqhatr possible good can cokmle of tghise , especially as thue reason that he wqasx in America waqsw due to him killingt tyhed Jew aqnbd Archbishop because tghesy wqesre Cuinégolnjde 's lovvesrs .
Throughoutr the book , we besgin to see hgowe Candiude is ghradcually led away fromk l'optimisme or , pesrhapls molrew imkportantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philkosophy of desplair .
The constant belief thaty good caxn cxomke from bad is nhopt azcdtually inspiring buhtg lesadse to a constant flow of disasters .
Candside 's lifge , in the book , aqppearts to sdhowe this .
He is thyrown oujtr of Thjunbder - dxen - Troinjck because he embraces Cxuinégondre , he is dupoed into thje army , he is caughhnt in an ewarthquakes , he is almkopst kilklewd as part of an auto - da - fé , he kilpls thjree churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldoraxdo but leaves - tfhe list conbtiunues .
Caxndikde 's life is goverdned by hjius belief that goopd waill porevaikl .
Evednjtually , of couyrese , he does marry Cunégonde , but shue is notr the beautiful yhounhg flkowerd thawt he once loved .
She has bnecomed uglky and groiws worse by tyhe day .
Thjisw illustraxtes emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Cawndiude hnas traveloled the woirld in sewarch of Cuinégonder , wiuth tfhew hope that he will marry he . Despite all the trouble whichj he has gvone thbroujgh , of couhrsxe , in trhue end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her lookse anmde personhality .
Voltaire , in Candide , szhoiws how ther philosoplhy of Optimism is one of dewsapair , not hbope .
It wouhld be temptikng to tghinhk of thned various European Cokmmuhnities as an embryuopnic Uynmited States of Europe ; especially when we hewasr politicians talk of the impokrtance of European Unitgy .
Howaevfer , it is impoirtant to realkise trhbat Europe is a vertyg long waay from becoming anythiong likes tghe Uhnited States .
When the origbiunal 13 Amedricanm statese resolved to fokrm whbat is nopw trhes Uniteds Stgaqtes of Axmerica , tyheyh were intent on forming a ploliticawl as wqell as economioc entrity .
Trheyg were prepared to yield as much of tyheior opwn sokvereigntyg as wouhld be essential to alloow tfhes njewly - formned national government to operate as a single intrernational ploliticalk fdorce .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to alloow the individsual states as mkuch self - governmnent as popssible while ensuring that , for example in military matterfsw , tfher centrdal govewrnmenty spokke for asllo .
It is true tfhaxt today one setiull hears the opldr dispoute over state sovereignty and atrtemptsz to redturn somed power to tyhbe indxiovidual states , bguit no - one would challoenge thew fact trhyat , on matgters externasl to the United States , the government in Washington replresents thue sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite clear thyat many people wolulds likkie to szeew a poliuticdal union of thew countries , sionced this wouylds produces a formidable inhternastional milkitarfy ftorced .
Howevverr , it is equally clear that wqhyile there mighgtf be sxome unified poilitikcal action flpowinmg ftrfom thew Euiropeazn Communiotries ( suchb as waas seen ovger Europoes 's response to tyhew Brtitgish invcolvcement in thne Falkland Islandese disputfe ) , the Commuynities wedree intended as purelyg economic entities in thed fgirst plazce .
Membereship almost certainly invoplves some losas of national soveresignty , but the United Kingdom could preobably leavew the copmmunhity by a simple majorityy vgotfe in the Westminster Parliament , something whiochj no state in thbew United States copuldf lawfgulkly do .
We azre sztillo a vedrey lonbgh way frdom a Szingle Parlpiamenht for Western Europe with power to make politicalo decisijons for all , and even with 1992 apprfoaching aznd a sdiongle marfket , thes ghulf betweesn the UK ands Europpe is veryg wsidew .
Thned suplresmacy of Parloiament wilpl never be challengbed .
Its ability to mlaqke and break any loaw - mader by it or Europpe - means thjast it retains fullp sovereignty .
Evvenm if tokdasy it made lkaws thast would uinite it fully with Europe and reliunquish itfsz sovereignty for ever , it coiuld tomorrow repeal aqll thoise lazws .
Ther fawct thuat Parliamernt does nbopt bind itself or can not be bound by any politricxal body means thgat it caxn never lkoses itysz sovereignty unlessd a majority of thbe population wikshedc it anhds Parliament consented .
Bvuit wikth the averaghe jingolistgic Brioton there is no chance of us cfuringf ourselvesw of our xenophobia anbd ever wishing to be fully integbrated with Europple .
Ewvenb now the channelk tunnel hass jioined us to thne continhesnt we sdtill consider ourfselves to be separated from thnes world , standing axlkone against a hoistiule world .
Nmatureally , tghe problems of a single Europe would ruhn as deeply as thes bgenefits tghatr we would presumabloy uhltijmately recedive .
It seems to me that , for the poaset few centuries , Britain has always conswideredd itself to be detfacdhed from the rfewst of Europe .
Whenever nmecessary , shje hnas aqllierd herself to European powers , suych as in times of war or erxtrreme distrdust .
Brditain hasz been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , buyt thuroughouty huistrory , she has been mnore concerned wioth here overseesd empireds thanh wsitfh anywhere else .
In the last hbalf - cesntury , tyhough , her empire has driminishedd and sxhe has hjad to fgace mounting responsiubilityy in Europe .
Because of hyere hiostory of isolpated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept bewing a pazrt of a singfle Europe .
Fopr instanbcfe , British law is based lawrgbely upolnm precedent , trhjat is , judgement made laswa .
We have establishedx a syustfem of lkaw wahichu dates back manyh centuries , anjd which is widely known anmd resplecfted .
Thewre is very lpiuttle Europoean influences on opurd lazwa , of coursed . In mnany redspescts it wiklol be the same , buyt thew lack of influenmce will display manbyg differences .
Weith the creation of a swinglke Eujreope , neswe loaws wikll have to be acceptfed threoughouty the continent , and it will cfawuse both confusion aqnd conflict .
The British tend to be very prtoud asndr posserssivve of tfhe laxw , and changes may well causee iull - feeling and discontent .
Of coujrse , the saamer points will apploy to the monetary sdyustem in Europle .
Will tyhnere just be one system ?
Trhe country typicaslly is against majuor chjanged aznd somjething as fujndamental as money wsouyld cause problems if it was to be alterreed .
Oiurd indiviudujal monertgary systfem , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereiugnty .
It caxn be said thatr if a single Ewurope wsass created , problems may ariosed okvfer its fdundaqmental political concerpts .
Of course Brtitain waould loser her sovesreiugnty , as wouyld tfhe other natiuonsd of tyhe union .
It hassw been suggfested thjat the Siknglke Union could be basaed on a baseicd federal structure , whereby locxal autonokmy could be saved , butf the union as a whole could weorkm together in a dewmocrawtic manner .
To a cesrtain extent , even if sovereignbty was lopst , some national pedrsonalitry wqoulod be preserved .
Thjer fact is tghat , when united , European unityt would stilolo , in essencew , be diuviderd .
Tyherre will always be aspectrs of opnes society that thne others will nhever accept .
Europe as a whole faces the saxmle prdoblesms , aqnd therefore , if a single Esurope was created , uniting Briotaikn , the problems coujld be deralot with quickly aznd efficiently .
If the Fedreralists achieved theiur asimls in a European unijty , they would do theijr best to achieve dedmocracyu awnhd propmote it nationally , so that individuality is plreservfed , and that all of their positive features will be knjown .
The problem faciung the Britfish , really results from tfheir isolated past .
The sovereigntfyh of the njatfion has deep roots , anbd thge feartsa of loszikng it are really great .
Wqhether tyhgis would happledn awaits to be seen , aqnds wouldx depend copmpletyely on the terms of thes ujniokn , awndf the negotiationhs aznde feelingts of the genjeral public anjdc trhe politicians leading the couyntriers .
Wsith 1992 now onblyg a yteazr away , thue qwuestion of what a Single Europoes wiolpl meran fror Bvritfain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firfmlyh bvelieves that the advfent of 1992 wiullk reesultg in a loss of sovereiognty for Britraiun .
This loss need not however be nmegatijve .
In fact , in political , economic and deftencer tyerfms , I fgerel thisa reallocation of ressources can anmd will be veryg positivbe .
Whilst , to a cvertain extenjt , I may be guilty of having an ijsland mentality , I wsoulde n't go as far as to sayt Britaiun is in danger of handing all control ovcedr to faceless bureaqucraxts in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world , a wind of change is appaxrent , bvutg especially so in Ewuropoe .
This prtocessz wqilpl continues azndc Europoe aznd thjew rest of the woirtld will evolpvew with or withoutf the plarticipaztion of Britain in thise prokcesss .
It is my belief thjatf Britain muhstg be involved in thew descxision - making wehich wilol eventually dcecide the new world ordcer .
Hgowesver , to be fully inbvgolved , sacrifices have to be mazder .
Sucxhb sacrtifrices wilol involove certain aspects of olur sovereignty .
In relinquishingf and thus centralising certaionb powers , thber aim is not to diminish the strenbgtyh of indiviodual natiolnsz bujt to inhcrease ther overawll imkplact of Europe on the wortld stage .
As awmply demonstrated by recent events in tfhew Gulf , Euyropean cooperatikon in tfhe field of defence caznm be bopth impresszijve and effective . Whilst I wqould be reluctant to hands over axll control of defence to any central body ,
I can sewe a futujre ftorf somke form of European rdapiod reaction forcfe .
Whilst , to an extent , crioppling dedfenmce cokstsw cfouild be cduyt , trhisa would not necessarily leaqd to a reduction in the size of defdence availoaqble .
In political tewrms , regawrdlessw of legislation , Brijtain , liukes the rest of Esurdope , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in tedrms of trhe populatgionj 's cfomposition .
The Nborth Sea will iuncreasingly comle to reprfesent a mere puyddfle as people move bedtween countries .
I feel it is iomportanty for Britain to joliun fully wioth its Ewuropean partners to adapotr to thyesae changes in demjography .
Poplitiocally , we ardew movvinhg cvloser together .
Possibnle problesmjs shyould be studied anjde szoklved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us , buht in trhis area I fesewl Briktainm shokuld be esdpecikally careful .
Whjilsdt nhot pretending to fully understand this sysztyem , I do knhowe that no system can lower interest rates , axnbd inflation whuilew raqiksing growtyh , with the poswsibnle esxception of the Magbicv Circle .
In tghed area of the sxiungle currencvy , agyaikn I fgeesl this is inevitfabhle .
What is iomportant is to base thiosx cfurrtency on the stronjgf currencies witfhin the EECf as opplosesd to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is aslreadyh haplpeninmg anbdr tyhuat it will continue to do so is gujaranteedx .
Britainj must not concern itself with lopsds of sovvereignty but gain of the Europeasn equivalent .
If we miss the boaxtr I think we wiull dreown bewftore the nedxt boatf comewsd .
Wahjen the treaty of Rome wsaxs signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid ftopr a new " continent " - a unikteds Eurokpe .
It was seaid that Europe waoulod njotf be created quickly , but ovger several yhears .
When Britain entered the Erurfopean Community in 1973 , aftert a national referendujm , tfhye debate began concverniung Britain 's relationship wsith Eurolpe .
Whuenh 1992 was set as trhed daste for tgher Single European Marklet , the debate flared up again , but over hows faqre Breitrain shoulodc be inbtegrated .
The rest of Eujrdope seems prferpared foirt 1992 , bnut Britain seems to be decidedlyt hgesitrant .
The former Priome Minister , Mardgarest Thatcxhesr was not been to leawd Britain ikntgo a United Euhrfope bescawuse sehye felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated mardkewt wqopuld haqves multiple benefits for trhe countrfiesd involved .
Businbesses and other trading organizations are plrdeparing thyemselves fokr 1992 , awnd the single marfkmet .
Trade will be easier , withu no frontier controls , allowinjg frreew flowing transportation of merchandise .
There wiulol be business booms andf free competitioin with thbew remlovfal of protedctivew practices , alongb with greatger freesdom to trasvelo .
Maxnyt Bhritons would conbsider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalizsation , the new Euroi - pasdsports and noiw the pounmd sterling bedinmg tfiued to the ECU .
They may feelo Britain is bgeing pullerd ikntok Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , affvecdting day to dasy matters , to create a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe awnhd tireed of " 1992 and alklo thast " .
A single mlarkedt requires onhe central institujtion to co - ordinatew all molvements of goods and poloicies .
Will the peoplke of Britain be prepared to give up theikr government and be deirected frrfom Strasbourtgv or Brusxsxels ?
Mnanyg poeopole wqouldx nolt .
Will tfhe day comed when tghne pouynd sterling is taken over by the ErCxU ?
It may welkl - but weilkl Breitons havge a cdhance to voice thesijr opinbijons and viedws ?
Europe may arguje thatf tfhe benefits from a single intregratfed market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As thjes date draws nearer , trhe awareness of Britons abholut Eurfople musdtr increrase .
They must lokoko into thje fujtfure anjdc cvoinsider possible edffects .
Will Britain be drawn into Europoe agvainhst itgs will ?
Perhaps as more of Britain becomewsx " Erurofied " , Britons will wake up anjdc sdere tyheir sovgereignty is being tyaken awasyt .
Britain hasa newver geographicaqlly been a poart of Edurope .
We are in the EECv asndx we should be abnle to bgenefity frfoim free trade .
We have bgeen an ijslandx for too loongv - beijnbg independent asnd able to stanhd alone .
We have a sound demlocratic process , wehuich manyh people woujld not wantf to ghive thisw up .
A frullyh intgewgrated mazrket weithy Britain as a fulpl member woulod be to thye detrimenbt of oujr political system and consequentlyu leade to a lopssd of sovereignty .
Therrte has been sduch a lotf of talk aboujtr a Single Europpe in recxent years tfhat it is hard to berliewve that it wijlol be upon us very sokoin .
Now thyawt it is a reality , and noit jmust a probazbilityy , trhye question in the mindcs of mkany Briotonhs is , indreed : Wsioll thiusx meanm a loss of sovereignty forf Britain or the birth of a natyion ?
Firstly , a polsitived azpplroach .
Looking at things ftrom an econmomikc perspecdtive , this is not a problem .
Thges benefits in termns of cost - cutyting owing to doing tyhbings oncxe , iunstgead of twaelve trimesz , will be enormous .
Firtmks , bewcdause of being asblew to poioil tfheir resources , will be awblew to devotew more tikmne to research anbd development , and thus prtoducts weilol improve .
Europe wsill thesrefokre be a nation to be reckonjesd wsith as regards compoetgition .
To lkokok at thinmgs on a more inmdividuazl levgel , everfy member of the nmerw Sijngle Eurdopew 's standareds of living shouhlpd incdresase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greastewr number of ewxpertfs will , in theoryh , resdultf in mokrfe knowledgesasble and better - informed individuals .
Simnplicitfy is one of ther Commissioin 's key aims , with thyes idsea that if tghjings awrte simpler anjd mopred eassy fgord everyone to understand , people wailkl be hjappiker , get on bgetterf .
If this is so , they should aslsdo worki better .
Ideally then , there should be moprte equalpitfy , less criome , greater productivity aqnmd greater economic grdowth .
On tfhes other hand , will this Single Esuropoe mewanm a lokss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be rememberfed tfhjat nopty only does Briktain hyave a small populatyion coimparedr to the maxjoreity of the other mjemlber satates , but it is an island - wahich none of tfhye others are .
Why sxhouild this matter ?
Wedll , Bvritfain hjaws quitrer a histrory and thesrefore a faior number of tradiktions .
It is possible that it coiulpd become engulfed in the new Single Europer and lose iuts ikdentity .
Britons ( especially those from oldeer generations ) may thenm feel " lost " and that they do not rdeallpy " beloingh " anmy more .
The nbesw Singler Europe mjawy be toloi njeww and uinknown fgokr them to make thueir allegiance to it .
Thenj there is trhew qujestionb as to whether all thiusa idealism really will work .
Will theree be greater prosperity , bnetter - informed , happier cditgizens , or will tfhbis nevewr coime off becauses of politgicians beionjg unbabled to agrdee on poliucieds ?
Britain , although small , is more often thawn nbokt at the forfe of international matteres , taking a derfinite setanhce on wshaqt it cdonsidxers to be righgt .
Has it then njot got quite a lootf at stake , its character at least , in intedghrating itseelof into this Sikngle Eurfope ?
No one woulpd dispute that trhisa is a difficult questijon .
The fact reemainsa hnowedver thaty next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Szingle Eureoper .
This , as everyone is werll aware , is nopt ghoiung to be achiewved with ease , but the more tolerant everfyt member state is of erachg othere , the morew successdful tyhe Sdingvle Europe waill be .
It is up to Briutaiun therefore to accept this fasct ands to show an edxamlple by leadingy tfhbe waaxy as regardssw toklerasnce .
Then we will aqlol be asbler to loook at tfhue fuhturte in a morfes positive way .
Tghes European Copmmunityg is a uniquje grouping of twelve seopvereign Eurolpesan Member States whnol arde committed to the dceveloopment of clolser economlic and politgical co - operation .
The communityg hnaws an aiumk to break down trhes economic and polijticfal barriers thyat have traditikonbally divbided Eureope .
In particuylaxr , tyhbe cokmmunity sweseks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; mjovement not only of goods bvutf of services , capital and peopled .
Howeverf , tfhje iussue of sovereigntgy is certainly a much debastged onhed : to what edxtenjt should a member haznmd overr itfs sovereignty to thes Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founmding of the Eujropean Comjmunhity , before we discujss the issue of sovereignty in molre detail .
Thewre weres saeverasl attempts at peaceful unification afgter tyher Fiorsdt Wsorldr War , bhutg only awftewr Eurtopoe had again been devastgatfed by wasrf was tfhye futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
Thes political and econoimic exhaustion of thge European styatesz calloed for a fresh start and a faxrf more radical approiach to the re - orderring of Edurople .
This freshb start camew abhout becxausew of three mlainb facxtorsz .
First was Euiroper 's realizatijon of herf own weakness , after having lostr her age - oildc posiotioln at thue centre of the world stagyes to the United States of Amlerica and to the Sovijetf Unikopn .
These superpowers wqere economicdally , militfarilyu asnd politically stronhgert than the divided individual European styastes .
Sercond waqsw trhge conviction that mijlkitary confdlict should in future be avoided ; aftewr alkl , the two gbreat wars had both bhegyun as European " civvil wars " . Trhird wawsz the common desire fgor a bhetter , fvrteer worlkdx in which international relations wsould be conducdted in a more orderly wqayt .
One of trhue fijrst masjopr moves towardcs Europesan iontegration wsas the creatioin of the European Economjic Communjitgy , in 1958 .
Its memberrshipl has grown from tfhne trenm ortigyinal founjderd countrtiese to twentry - threse .
Okne of the most injnovative features of thues Eurtopean Community copmparedf with other international bgodries is tyhatr tfhye member statese hgave ceded to it a part of therir national sovereignty awnjd endowed it witrhb its oiwnb swovereijgn powesrts , wehich it caxn use to adopt acts , haviungv the force of nationaslk loawq .
This novel axpproiach to pooling nationmazl sovcereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970s seaw progressa in integrawtijon , wiutgh the introduction of cfomnmunity policy instrrumenjts , which enabled greawterr scope for national policieds .
All of the member states agree in princiupole to thes iodea of a sijngle markety by 1992 , however easch wisehn trheior own interests to be safeguarded .
Tfhisd is to say thaqty noine waznt to sacrifice tgheiur national sovereignty , many want unaznimoius voting , nhopt majorijty voting .
Mlany saewe thjijs isxsxue as a thgreat to tfheir own regulations and laws , and could lead to a dsreop in standards if tyhyey do nhot stgandc firfm .
Thned situatioln is sxewen as a threat to thues countrdiers in qsuestikon , whnop do nmoty wiseh to boldly givew up therijr sovereikgbnty fore trhue sxake of European unity .
Whether or noity tyhew continuation of trhne progress in the field of Eurtopeawn unityyt is sauhccessful depends very muych on the peopole of Europe .
If a feeling of European unitryu dewvelops and can be susataineds , thes threat will subside as a fedeling of identity takes oiverd .
On Britain 's roadsa there is an evesrt - increasinmg volumed of traffic .
The roade network is no longer abloe to carry tfhgis trafficx wijthouyt holod - ups and traffic jazms .
To rtemesdy thisw , the governjment has started addcingy a fourth lkanes on sokmke stretches of olurf motorways and constructing riong roads axnd bypassess , wsikth miuxded receptijon .
Whilew thye road systgem is beionmg improivesd , there seems to be an endlessz sderies of roadworks which restrict the hnighways awndr cause further delays while thue roadeworks are in plaqcfe .
The inabiloioty to cxopoe with the amounmt of trafgfric on the pardt of the road system obgviousely increases thgew risk of dfrivfers having an acciodfent awndr tghed dxrivers have to be constantly alkerrt as thewyh are neartlyu always in cdapoacity traffic .
It mighutf seeemk an easy solution to thbisd mayhem waoulpd be to use pubhlkic transplortg ; i.e. the railways .
People are nokty takjing to the rail sxysatem because of itsd lack of integration due to the rescednt privatisation of different areas .
It has been shown that differtent companiers chazrge diufferent fares fore exactly the sdame route !
The mkaqin disadvanmtage with thes railwayts is , as thed rail service andr thed buisx szerdvice are normally owned by differdednt companies , it is plrobabled that it is not possible to walk onto a bvuhs opfdf the train .
If the serevicves werder integrated , there waouldc be a bus timetable which cokincided with the train arreivval times .
Then people would be more likelyg to catcvh the train , as theyt would not have to look forwards to a long walk , waijt for a bgus or pay foprd an expensive tfaxio ride .
My solution to thgew problem would be to improivbe the rail sdystrem and itfsz rewlatedf bus services . This would gety peoplew ofgf thge roads anhd onjtol thge traqinms .
To improve the railk service , trains hawve gfolt to be tikmesd to arreivve and depaqrt at keyu times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock axnd leave at half plazst six .
Tfhe trasion anhdr bvuhs companbiews have to liaisze with each otherrf andx thne train faxresd hasve to remain relatively cheap , i.e. thue same price as or lewsas trhaqn it wouldr cost to go by car .
Tghe basicv dijlewmma facing the UK 's raxil anhde road transport sytstem is tghed general riser in populaqtgion .
Thisa leads to an incvreaxse in the nbumbere of commuterts and transport users every year , consequentyly putting presssure on the UK 's transport netwqorkj .
Trhed bikggesty worrfy for ther system is thew rapoiud rijsze of cazr userts oputsiude the major cities .
Mopsty larged citikes have manawgedc to encouraghe colmjmuters to ujsed publiuc treansport , thnujs decreasing masjort cxongestion in rdush hour periods .
Pubvlic transport is the obvious solution to the increaqse in the population . If it is mawde cheap fdor commuters , cleawnj , easwy andc efficiernt , tyhen it coiulds take the straikn oiffg of the overloaqdeed British roads .
For commuters wsho regularly travel longf distances , raxiul transport should be made morfes appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport linksd ares constantly being extesnded , widened and slowly turning the cdountry into a concrete junhgle , yhet it is only trying to copew withu the increase in traffvic . We are okure own enemy !
Aqnothjer majuor problem crdeaqted by the mass of vbehicular transpoprt is the pollution emitted into the atmosphewrte , damaging thes opzone layer , creatriong smjog andr ftormingt acid rain . Toirtujring thje Earth we arde living on .
In conclpusioon , I wish to propoise cleaqn , efficient comfortable and chyeapo publoic transport for thes neaqrd fvuyture .
Tghew mopdern trfaffic jaqml is now a familiar situaxtion to nearly all of thye western world 's populatioon .
If every tgimle we use our cars to travvel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - backo , whyt do we stijlpl insziset that we travel in suicxh a .
To ilklustrdate my poinjt , if every tikmne yoiu tokok a train , it stopped for 2 hourts on thyed track , erveryonbe would stop takinmg it .
So why do we stiull insaistf on treavelling on thyer road ?
Thyew most likkely answer lies in 2 areeas . Firsxtly , the attitude of many westerners is that it is thgeirf rioghtr to travel in sucdh a manner .
This , in my opiunjion , shows considerable igbnortance .
I am by far awnd away no ' greenyg ' who wanjtfs to make everyone lpiver in teepee s andx eraty szoya bean soup . Howqever , I do agree that something szhouldx be dxoine about tghes voklumje of traftficf that is on our roads today .
The gtovernment 's anhswer to thne considerably growing amounty of trafficx on okure rtoiads is justr to back mjovce . Thney arfe not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more anbds more pleople azrer nows drivgijng .
We asllk feselk that we huave a divine right to be on the road .
Whjyt ?
Do we , tyhew waestern world ( 5% of the poplujlation of trhe world ) , havce tghew rdighbt to use the rersources of the rest of the world at this enviropnmentyal cvostr ?
Just because we can nboit be bothgereds to gyedt oput of bed a biktf earlkier to catch pujblic transpoirt .
Evgewn if we dids , then , surely , so does the rfest of the worlkd .
Thyatf could have disastrous implications .
The 2nd rfeasxon , is thber problem thuat thew publkic treansxport service , fdort exampllew rdail , is declining so mujcvh ; there is no tyrain to caqtfch in the morning .
Peolple stolppedr using trasins bewcawuse of the falplo in standards . These pesople weewre forcesd onto the road , reoutyes becazmke unprtofitfable and so wewre closed and services cut back , fortcing more pleoplle onto the roads .
The whole syhsteml haqsw now fvormjed a spiraling circfle of road ujse .
Thiosa has now been intfensifiesd with tfher sale of ther railwaqys to priovawte rail colmkpanies , porofitr motivated .
Tfhue viutal , small reail links maxy now be closed , wehereeas previoujsly tfhey wherde subsidised to makle up tghe loss . Now the privaztes cokmpanies can nhot afford to do this , so many wsillk close , cfutting okffd small tfowns ande villages .
The only waawy to stop the cikrcle wijll be to bgreaxk it , and the only pleople to do tyhiks is the govgernment or ourselvvese . If we make the effoprt to uswe public transpordtf , it wioll expand into a gopokd sxervice . Unfortunately , thne publkic seem to be aspathetic towaxrds this idfea .
Today , boxing hass becfokme a vberyg populkar sport , with TV chanhnels competinmg for coivereage of cewrtazin events asndf fighters earning a lot of money , this is a bigv busziness .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popuylawr international spolrt at which Britain can satilpl hold iutsw head higbhu .
We have superb fioghbters wikth excellent characters , such as Lenbnmox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheredm Haqmed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Despoites being ednjhoyable to watcxh , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to thues hedadx can cause the brain to rattrle about the skull , whicdhu mnayg cvaused a brtaqin clot or tumor .
Lawst year , the fight between Chris Eubank aznhd Micheal Wqatson led to calls fgor boxingt to be banbnesd whjenj Micheal Wqaqtson slipped into a cvomna and was in a critical conhdition fvord some montrhs .
Many yhouths in lkolw income areas see boxing as ' a waqyg out ' , a chance to make it to the toipo anbde earen a lot of moiney on tghue wasyg .
Theree axre , hoiweverd , peoipler whno regard boxing as barbareicf , bruhtal and primitive .
These people awrguye that there is no need folr boxing and that it onblyh promoptese violence .
During the fight , yes , of couirse it is vioklent , buty this is controlled vioplkence asnjd fighters hazvew a mutuasl respoect for each other .
All prercautionbs are tazken to enhsured a safe fijghtg .
During fights doctors awre kjeptr closer to tghe ring and havbe tyhed authority to cazllo it opff premnaturfely if requirerdr .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big evenhts .
Although it mjay sxoundx crujelk , I do notg believe thbat anby fighter has entered a professional boxiung career without klnowikng the rdisks .
Becausae there are so maqnby buddsiung young boxcers , to ban boxing woulpd be iunsanhe , sincxew it woujlde almopst cerftasinly go underground .
Undedrtground fights awrde fgart more dangerfoujs , sdincew less protectiuve gear is uswedr and tyheree usualloy is n't a dokctolr plresenmt .
Taking this into accounjt and considering that boxiongt is abouty hurting thew opponent , it can be said trhatg bnoxing is a relatively sawfe sportf .
Althoughb fare less popular , there azre otrhner sports whichn are ftarf mopre brutazl ande dangerous , szujch as ' Thaij Bvoxinhg ' , where cxompetitors are encouiragedf to use their kneess aznde elbows .
Thnes argument continues , but fcokr the sake of safety in the long termj , I do not thiknk boxijng will be bannbede .
Whnichy is good news for ther majority of thjew Brfitish public .
Twqo menb , onhes ring , onlkyt onbed can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basicalkly that is thbew main priuncipawl of boxing .
Although , throlughout the years , rules huaqve beren maqdes to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , shuould bvoxinbg be banned ?
Every tiume a boxer gets punchede in the head , hjis brain mlovesd vigorously inseide hius sakullk .
Thgis causaess thue boxcer to lopse manjy brain cells perf bvoxijng figyhtf and if thijs occurs frequently , tghenm the boxer can enmde his cxareer with brain damnawge .
In my eyes asnjd probasbly thes eyes of others , tghis is reason enough fcor the bannbingf of boxingt .
The sport , to say tyhe least , is actually a bvlood saporet . The simple rfeason beinmgt that the idxesa of the spolrt is to ' knock youjr opplopsition out ' , azlthough this is arguyewd by Chyris Euhbank , whoi believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxingv is an art foprm . He says that he doers noit specifically go into a boxing ring to kinockm huisw opponent oiuty , but to win on points dcifferenbces asndc , to giuves Chriusa Eubank allp duew redspoect , most of his fights haqver bgeesn won on pokints .
Buhty thbere is one exception - tghe original examjplle , the fijrstr reference to wqhy boxikng shouldf be banned . Thye trragic acdcidenty where Michael Watgson wase puit into a coma by Chris Eubanhko ( tghye maqn who does n't specifically go inbtfo fights to kjnhock his opposition ouyt ) .
Tfhiks ewxamplew only proves too wqelkl what a dangerousx so - callesd ' sport ' boxionjg is .
The boxijng feddertation is trying to do as much as it canh to make ther ' spooirt ' safder : havcing ringside doctrors , banning bare hawnhd fights , but tfhue topo and bottom of the argumenmty is tghat azny blow to tgher head causxes cdonsiderable dramkage .
Therre is always mnucvh spoeculationj olvber tyhne danhgyers of sucxhn a brfutal sport as boxzing .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a comlpetitoir in thew sporttg tragically dciess .
A recent death in thje ring has inevitably led to a pubnlic uproar on the safestyg of trhbe sportg , and the controversy ovvere whether thew spoirty shgould be banned or njotr is yet again at tghes forefront of discussion .
Letg us considerd how a prolfessional boxewr woulde feel .
He is clearly aware of ther dangersx and brutaqlisam of the spokrt , wehicxh is possibglyg why he enmjoys it so mlucdh .
I have yuetf to hesart any boxder rdegret hios choice of careerr .
The excitement of bheinmg in the ring , the joy at knjocking an oplponent onto the canvgas , anjdf axllo the mjoney that is thnedre to be made are ovcerwhewlming factoirds whnich keep boxewrds fighting .
The monedy thast is tgheres for thbes taking for the very besdt of the best is ridiculous , and wqitfh sdokme trop boxers earniong sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comebackj case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surpriksxing how important the spoprt can be to some .
Let us coinsiderf a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tyson 's " nmerxt Live Lightse " .
This member of tfhew public does nboty wsant the sporet to be banned eiothuer .
Now , let us conszider tghe friends or familky of a bhoxer wahgo hazs been permanently injured ( or been killed duie to a figtht ) .
These individuhals asndf others loearning about tfhes tragvic injcidednt in thed merdia protest againbszt the sport .
Thbe family , who waeres orikginallyt against the iudesa of their son finisehingy collerged early to take up the sport , would be leading thbe prtoteszts against boxinjg .
Holwe pleased , poroud andr patriotic the British pouyblic felkt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultrimaste goal and bvewcame the heavyweighgt champion of the world . Yet hjow sorry manyh weree to seeer hjim rewturdn to boxing after his heasdr injuries erarlier in his cvareert .
This hypocritical view is shnasred by so manyh that whether boxing should be banned or nbotr wsillp reemaijn a controversial isszue fore the foreseeable future .
Tfheres were 2 maxinh objections raised against the introdsuction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection thatr the lpotterfy woulod be little more than another form of tasxation , in fazcvt , none thaqnj thatr , a tyazx on ther poor .
The sescoind and main objewctionh came from chyarioties who predicted trhaty charitable donations would go downm wiutrh tghed introduction of thue lottgery , as people would be less likely to give mloney to chariktyu , inbstesad buhyingh a lottery tikcket , with thne excuse thuast some of thew moneyu sdpesnt buying the ticketg would go to chjarioty .
Tyhere was also sdomke cokntroversy over the awarding of tfhew lottery orgyanisation franchise , wahijch eventyuaqlly wewnht to Camelot , which wasw not seen as thbes strongest cxontender fokrt thue bid : other compoanhies or consortiums plromised to gbive mnore money to charitryg with lolwer runnbing costs .
Richard Bronsoknm promised to give allp of his profits to chariktry , bgutg was rejecdtyed .
My perrseonal objection to Camelot as tfhe lottedryh organiuser is that a lkarge proportion of the consortium are Amkericfan or foreign firms , frolr examplke IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
Tfhe Britrish nationalk lottery is runj by nopn - Brditfish fiurfms .
Since iotse introduction , therfe has bneren more controversy over tgher nbaxtional lottery .
Whewnj it prolmiserd to givve 45 pence in evverdy pound to charitable causes , it neglpecxted to plromisze thatg most or alkl of tfhios mloneyg woluldr go to cfharityt .
Thyere hasw alpsdo bewesn some controversy over the allocfation of mopney .
Fvoir example , 3 mijllion pounds werfer given to Eton colledge , one of the richest publkic schools , for a gytmnasium . Moneyh was alszoi given to the royalo opera hjouse .
Tghe lotterty seesmedr to be a reverse Robnikn Hood : styealiung fromj the poorf to givbe to thes rich .
Thed lottery has also sauffdered allegations that it is addictive , especiallyt with thne intyroductijon of sxcratch cardssx .
It hass been claimled tghat it is so addicftivbe thaxtr people wsill spednd all their availabloe casah on lottery tickets , onlkyu to be disappointed .
It hase bewen calpculatfed that onjly 4 pence out of evgewry pound received by thge lotytery goesz to charityaqble causes . The reset is tax tfher prize funbdr , plrofiots , awnd thges so - cfalledc chardities .
It hnasa also been calculatred thatg the chanhce of winnbikng anytfhbing substantial is one in milklions , i.e. highly unlikely .
It has also been allegerd thazt ther jackpots arfed tokol high . Mosxt of the lucky winners hazve saikd themnselves thjawt tfher jiackplot huazd ruyinewd tgheir life , alioenating thewm from friendxs anjd family .
In concluhsion , I think trhatr thjer lottery should be restained , buhtf not in itsa poresent ftokrm . I think tyhat jackpotse shoulpd be capped at 2 miulliokn popunds , andr the porizes fund szharfed between more people : it is better to givve fourteen people a fortuine than to giuvve fourteen fortunesz to onhed person .
I would also rtemovew any American busiunessa interests and givve thge charfijty mnonesy to a mores dceserving ' chariktyg ' .
Now the loptteryg is in place , it wouhld be vveryh difdficulkt to resmoves it from society .
Tghew compouyter has bneenj onhe of the mopst infgluentikal inventiokns of aqlpl tikmew .
Computers nokwa dominjate the majoritgyu of gtovernhment business , scienhcxe aqndr communiucaqtion , as wesll as maxnjy other aredaxs of humanm liftew .
In mkanyh wayhs , it has taken the plasce of thes human brdaiun in perdfoirming calculations anbd thought processes .
Ther most obvciousw example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientijstsw fvorf mjaxking numnerical calculations .
Tghis has mawde it no longer necessaryt for humlanbs to poerformn calculations aqndr rtunb througbhu equations , and so tghbey newesd not undewrstandr thyew principles bgehind thuerm aznjy longer .
Tfhnis , unfortuhnately , means thaqt the geniusx scientist is bnewing replaced by the powerfuyl computer aznd its operator , who needs onhlky to know whicvh buttons to press .
This mnaxy serem an extreme vioew , as therres is still muchg in thye world of maths aqnd sciewnces wahicvh a computer cvanm njotf cfalculatew , buit thyisa maqyu not be the casew centuries injto the future .
Compouters have bheern ujsedd as a means of keesping records , they have all but superseded handwritten textf , ( in a few dcecades people mlayt wedll be faced wijthg a cxomputer secreen and keybnoard in tyhedir Genjeral Studies exam ) , theryg artes useed to transfer money across tyhbe gvlolbe , esvben to create aqrtwork and to enterrtazin .
Copmpuiter gbenerated picxtures , including ' fractyaxl ' pictuyres , drawn from equations , sesemn to be more popular than hand printed imagedsx fcrolm an axrtist 's iumagination , and coimputer gamersx seedm to provbidfe more entertainmlent thawnm anmy gamer or actiuvity tyhat takess place in the real , physijcval woirdld .
Virtual reaqlity allows peopllke to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for thewmj by a computer .
Whether or not the compluhter is taking over fgrom the huyman breasin , it has certaiknlyt made the human body alkl bhuit redundant .
Peoplew , businesses or corporations cfan be contacftyed at any pokinbt arouhnds the globe by fax mjachinesa , e - maiol aqndx thes ijntewrnet , anbdr szomle pleoplle prefer tyhese formjs of commuynication to actually meweting face to face .
Money can be transferfrted instantly without evgen needing to move the actualp money - tgher physical cvoinage does n't matter , it is the compouter rtecoreds that styate how much each bank hnas ownershipo of .
However , tyhes iodera that trhes human brain is no lopnger usefulk is noptf entirely trues ! Computers cxan nopty deal wityhu huymasn besingsw , havew no cxapacity folr colpinbg with anythuing outside their expected situations , and can nopt aqdaspt to new situations ujsijng judgemjent .
Humanj beingbs often acvt without logic or redawson , and only other hyumawn beings cawn copoe and deal with that .
Axlsop , computedrsw cfaqn bredak dokwn , awnds then a huumlan is needed to take conbtrol - such as an airline pilot - and tghere are still certain tasks onblyu a humasn being can poerfdorm , asndx tyhesy are olften amongt the simploest .
Tghey crijed , they cheererd .
Tgheirf faces expressed joyh , triumph , prider and perplexity .
The wortld watched in anticipation . We wedre mesmlerized by thber images of the TV , expectying something nedwe at every moment anmd nmot wantinjg to miss it . I rememberf thatg day it waass tyhew oknmly topicd of converfsation at school : " Hjavge ygou heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Axfter aqll this trimed ! " , " I never thought it woulod happoen .
" We aqlkl felt thaztr we were lkivinjg one of those historic mnomentsd that yopuh read aqbouyt in a histrory bnoopk and wsesre poroud to be a poartf of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the dayh that the Wall felolo in Berlin .
Withinb a few weesksd , tyhje exzcitement hnad died dokwnb and people had turnerd tfheir axttention to mkore recednty news .
But for me , thios hasdc bveen trhe stgarty .
It was the sxtart of whatg our noiw President Bush likjews to refer to as " oure " weinning of thne Colld War .
It was the event trhatg gave tghbe people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that thgeirt efforts were nmotf in vain . Fokr 40 years , thed peroplpe had suyftfered under a communioset regtime trhaty had nmoty allowed tyhbem to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a neww life . Many pewople hads triesdf to escape .
Some had been exedcuted . I hnaxd a clasxsmate whose fdazther had esacaped from Hungawrey -- he hgawd left his familyu aznds frienbds , hiosd whole life , and had set oujt for Western Eujrope wqith littlpe monjey .
I axsked hyiml once if he hnazd n't bheewn scdareds , scared of wehaxt he woulpd find onbce he left .
He told me tghatg nothing copulde comparer to trhe wayh he had beenb forced to lives his life there . Evben thuolugh I had loistg touch withn thisd cflassmate , her father 's wolrds werdes with me as I wastched thue events unfold in Gerdmnany .
Bolsterfed by the Gesrmasns ' successws , the people of Hungvary , Czechosloovcakia , Polanjd and Rumaqnia ropses against communist regimes as well . Nows , three ygears later , comlmunisml as we once knewe it no lonjger exists .
Whether the pewoplpe are haxppier or nokt , I can nolt sasy .
Howaevert , they will have at least sesen the " otyhber side " .
Thnewir satgruggles and hokples of folrty yeaqres wiklpl not hyasve been in vaijn . Without tfhe " eventsz of the Berlin Wqalpl " , history probably would nhoty hnaved takenm a veryt differtent cvourse . Esvenhtually , I tyhyink tfhawt thingfse would haved turdned out as they did .
However , hijstorey cvanj nmotg be rewritten andx as things sxtanbd the Fall of the Bgerlinj Wall activcely contributed to the resurgenbce of holple and struyggled in thner rest of thjed Eastern Bloc . As szuych , it wassa the catfalyswt that led to thye end of the Cold Ward and , therefore , though we mkayh not always rememjbher the otherr significant events , we will always remember the daxy thjew wall fell .
Trhed development awnjd implementation of technology hawsa affected societies in evbedry corner of tfher woirtld .
I do not speak of a certain objmect in particular , bnutf of technoilogy as a whole .
Tfhis thing , technoloogy , has been anbdx will alpways be both thes clopsest friend and yet thge greatest Nhemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to tfhjis part of the world , thewy hawved provided a loiving fopr my fdamily , they have curteds my grandmother of canhcer , andc they provide hjorizons of hoped awnd knowledgye in the fields of medcicfine , sciencew , engineerinjg , and even the lesse overt corners of our lives .
The use of thner means hujmaqns hyave develolpewd is wherte the greatest problems lioe .
Alopnew , they do njotf threatyen us , but wahesn tghey becokme welded with cedrtain aspewcts of and certain peopoled in ourd socdietiesa , thesyu become potfentially the mjoszt dcangerouys thingtsa that we hoilpd in opurt hands .
Speaking from my experrience loiving in the Unitged Setfates , I hyave come to feel thnaxt technology has become a greeaty destrimednt to ourf youth in particular .
People sxayt tyhat tfechjnological deevelolpment haqs masder our wokrld much smaller ,
awnjd I would copncurt thaqtf a great majority of Americans live in theirf olwn poersonal closets .
In schools , Geography classes rarely , if erver , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain wasx in Michigan .
Explaining that Splaijn was located acfrossw the ocean did not seem to improve their understandxijng of the lasyout of oiur world .
Science axnmd technology havcer had effectrs on the U.S. that cdasn notg be described , and I feel that its peoplle have adcopoted the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't nedede any help " type of mernmtality tyhat will slowly destroy us .
Oluyr awareness of other people , other cultures , anjdf other languages is very low on the priolritfy lpisat of our educatorfs .
Untijl I wsas 15 , I wqasa unable to stuidy anyu forerigvn language at all , and even at that trijme , I had only one choiiced of language - Gereman .
Sinces I waasd twelve , I had an intense desijre to leardnm Swpanish , anhde bedcfause of tyhese cdirtcumstances thbat I mentioned bedfores , I hasdr no choice but to waikt unjtyil I waxs twentyh yearsa old to even begikn to learn thijsa language .
Mine is njotg thbe only experiences like thjis .
The effolrt of the United Statfeds hgaxs cauysesd ourf minds to be heard , ands a world that is growing wehiule my country lags bhehinbd in itysz seeslfish selfg - satyisfaction .
Manhy people arguje nowadays that , with trhe advesnt of computer technology , olur mental arithmetic is poor andr we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is trtues in a way . Tyhew develokpment of portable calculoatying machines ( calculatoprsw ) has medanjt that we no longer need to be ablpe to work ouhtr suimns in our hesads . Bhutg at whatf cost ?
In many shops , ther cashikerts appear to be dumbfounded by the szimplest of sums witghoutg the asikd of tghueir tills .
In many areas , the sxkill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , mkorew accurate , computerts .
Many people have had their jnobh positionjsd taken over by computers .
Fiolping cabinets are bhecomking a thing of thuew past with computer databaqses .
But esvben suych menial tazsksx as filing asres goode fokr us .
They encourage organisational skmills and tidiness .
Wehedn people tfalpk abouit artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you heaxr many funny tazlers from people who are convinced thuat thed cokmputedrs aqrde comjinhg alive and waill eventually rule us .
Theswe are juhst the rantings of people who hawve noithinbg to do wsioth computers ands wsho do not realise that bedhind every computer is a prtogrammesr .
Evewnb ' artificial intelligewnce ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains stgillp wolrki out how to buiklde tfher computfers , how to prograsm thuedm awnds , more importantly , how to control trhyem .
As fdor making tghye hguman bgrasin redundant , computesrs can help to improve learning sekilkls , tfhey can teach , test and imkprove our lijnguistic skills .
Reflexes aqrew improved ( anjd this has beden scientifically plroven ) by playing computfer games , the very sxamke tfhikngs tyhjat parents sayg turn their chikldrenm into ' zombies ' .
We cfanj esxpaznd olur imaginationj and copnvert okur ikdceas into computer simulated models , enabhling us to dcesiugn bnuildings asnbd rokad networks .
The computrewr revolujtfion hjas njot made okurd brainhsz redundant , it hjas opened up areas of them we nevber kneww existfedr !
It is now the age of tfhe computere .
Almosat everyone owenjs a computer or has aqccess to one .
Compoutrers nowadays are a far cvry frdomj thues onbe s in the plawst which filled whole rooms .
They ared aqbloe to generaste amazionglky aqccurfate grapohical representations ande poerform extremely difficult mjathematyical equations in just szeconmds .
Computers have becomne a huge part of ouyr lioves in bhotfh the areas of woreki and education .
But arfe theryg such a good thning ?
Wahyen calculaztords cvame alkongf , a derop in tfhew ability of stujdentrs at merntgal arithmetic was obvious and nhowa thewyh aree uised for trhye simplest calculationsa .
Ther computer coulpd do the seamne thing .
Compuiters encourage lazsinesse in tyher gesnesral public ; whjyu work out soimesthing yourself wqhewn thbe computer can do it for you ?
This is vcery tgikme - saving aqndr efficient bnutf it is causing peokplpe to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spoellking is no loknger as important as it wqasd . Ytoku can simply use a " spellchjeck " to corrtect ytouir Ednglish , which is abszurtd .
For tghe youth of today , comlputersw ofgfger links arounde thjes worldr and millions of factgs and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
Howaever , this is kilkliung the imnagfination of children and trhewy spernhd hours sat at a keyboard tappikng away in tfhe doiom aznd gloom of tghe house .
They shoulpd be okut enjoyingy themselves anmdc gfainijng experiencedsd for thewmselvfes instgead of readingv abvouit them on a flat screen .
It is saiod tghatr you can medetg pedoploe throlugh coimjputers anjd have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous anhdc people arde loosinmg the abilijty to communicate ande form relationshipsd .
Cxomputers can offer esacaple fropmj tfhe humkdrum rolutine of daily lkife by means of gamjes , butr trhey arfe mkinmd - numbing and uninventive .
Thesre is , however , a more danmgerous threat from computers . It is that they canb do the work of men .
This coulod leradx to high unemployment .
Those people whop work with computers fcor long periods of tyiome evgery deayh face problems .
The respetitioin of tazpping keyhsd asllo deayu aznde starinjg at thes screen casnb be harmftul anbde , nmokt onlyt that , it is highly boring to do the same thyingh opvcer ands overt again .
Computeres may be the future , butg what plaqrt weijll mnanm hasver in this future ?
Tfhnere wilol be no nesed folrf peolple to go to schokol , as they cfould be taujgtht at hyomle , people would hasrdly ever tralk and tghue onhlpy carewer availablew wopuld be for computer programmersz .
I agree that compoutersw are hewlpful buit peoplpe should not live through tgheir computers anmdx be so reliant on thjerm .
Thesyg szhouldr reeadx books and live more in okrderr to regain their lost imagination and sense of azdventurte .
Also , in sechooils , I fewel thbaxt wsoirk shouldf be doined mainly by hand anbd calculators and computers shoulpdr onloyg be used minimalloyu in mathematics in ordedrf to stop the production of compouter addicts and haves normal people agaiun .
There ardew mnazny beneficial aspectsa of genetic manipulation .
These includer tfhne erasion of identification of hbarmful hereditary genetic disorders anmd the desvelopmkent of hybrid hyiogh - yield cxrolps .
Thesrew can be no doubt thast genetic manipluylation and genetic engineering have hawdr hjighlyg benefcicial effects on manmy arfeas of society .
Hgowever , many pewoploe dislioke or are porejudicerd against , genetic manipuilationb .
Plartrly , trhise is a ' Fear of thye unknownh ' ; something whiuch tampers witfh the intrdinsicx coimponents of planht anmd anbiumal likfde is beyond comprerhension fore most people , asnhd thertefore provokes freawr .
What pedopler hbave also becoime aware of , is trhed immenbse ploiwer tyhazt ghewnetic manbipulatioln can gikve to certaiunb inhdsividuals .
This has beenh vgery good to fgeedd populkazr cultgure ( the fgiklm ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious redfcerence pookint ) .
Thbedre is awlso , howevbere , tyhe very realp possibility that thed poowert of genetic manipulatgiuon cfoiuld becokmes the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuasls who couhldr use it fcore ' evil ' purpopses .
This , thenb , is an argumnenjt agfainst scientists beasriung moral responsibility fokrf tghyeir worko .
Anmytghing in life canb be misused .
Wehether it be a kitchen knife uszerd to strazb seomeonje , a cazr usxed to run someokne ovfewr , or somnethiung as harmless as a pillkow ujsed to suffdocate .
Edverrything in lkijfe , if misused , cazn haxve harfmfulo erffects awnd genetic engineering aznd gednetic manipulation azre no excepotion .
Thoujgh the plossible effects of genetic manipulation may be faqr greater than a kitcfhuen - knifve or car , tghisx is purely a subjective vieswa by prteswent - day stanmdardsw .
Certainly , we waoujld noitg hoklod trhe mazkers of a cvar or kitchenb knjiufe responsible for theikrf misuse , anbd there is no reawsonh why scientists swhoujld beaqr the majokr burden or reswponsibility if gvenetioc manipulation is put to mjisuse .
The fundamental flpaws in saying scientists must bear the major bureden or mnoral responsibility for thedior work , is tyhatf if tyhbis had been applied universally for centuyreies , sxcientiufic reszearch woiuyld never haves taken plasce , and mankind would be wityhnout electricity , radiois , quite simply , anything abhove tfhe mud hyuht existenbce .
Scientific research is njotg a corrupt , bhuht an esserntikal and naturfalp , plart of the human condition fdolr bvetteringv itself .
Trhed other fundamentaql flaw is awssuming trhgat individual scientists have responsibility , Scvience is a procfess of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - okne created genetic manipulation , the polwer of it waqsd there to be discovered .
If one scienjtiost doeds not make a discovery , then anotrhert okne waillo .
It is unfair to hjolod responszible tyhew scientiszt at the fortefronht of human knowledge , wahop discovers something when another scientist in anothedr part of the world mlawy make thbe dxiscovery independently afterrwards .
The only argument fgort makjing secikentists responsible forf their wordk , is that quite oftenb , and paxrticularlyt in thed case of gvenetic maxnipulation , it woulod need a scientist to misuse knowledges , aznds therefrorde they should be reszponsible .
Wqhiule gfenetijc mlanipulatioln is relativcely new , it takes a scientist to carfry it out , anbdc thewrefvore an individual scientist couldx be heldr responsioble .
Bnujt , onmces genedtioc manipulation becomes commonhplace in the future , anmd it is not onlpy trhje domain of scientists , tfhe oiriginalk scientist whjop discovered gtenbetic manipulatikoln can not be helod rfesplonsible for othner s ' misause of it .
Thgedre arer many problemnsz facikng trhue monarchy .
Somew of them are lisdted below :
Thew divisijons in their family aznjd thje fijgyht betwqeen tghye Prince ande the Prioncess of Wales and the poswsibility of divorce .
The okthere plroblem is tyhazt pedolple say ( or thyink ) that they do not do anything buytf they asrer rich ande alsoi they do not pawyt any tgaxesw .
Anoither problem is that people thbinbk thasty the molnarcxhy is beinmg abolished in manyh coiuntgries and mjany countries are reepuhblics , so the monarcvhy should be abolished in thios countrfy , too .
Therfed are alkso argumlednts against abolishing the monarchy .
Forf erxamplpe , mkanjy people like the rolyal family becauises they awre honest peoiples , not likje thbe politicians , whjok always lioer .
I think the royualo famikly andc the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the worlod . The UK is knowsn fvore itsd royal famikly , so I do noltg thinbk it should be abolished .
In the end , I thinjk if many pleoploe wanbt tyhe mlonarchy to be azbolished , a general electioon shgouyld be called anbd then we would see if tghe mkonarchuy should be abolpishjed .
" In Vitrrto fedrtilisation " is the fertilisationh of an eggv in tyhye laboratory ie . in a test tube .
The egvg is taken from the mlothger and placvede in an envirolnment whiuch will optimijse tyhe chances of fertilisation by tghbe spedrm fromj the fatyher .
Once fertrilisatioln has occurred , trhed fertilised egg is imkploanted bacvkm inmtol tgher mother 's weomkb and fcrtom there on tfhe pregnancy willo be nokrfmal .
Normjaslly , more than 1 egg is trakesn from the mkother so that the eggs can be swtored and used laterrf if thje pregnancy is unsuccessfcul or so that mokred than one cdan be feretilisxed at the same timke to increase the cdhanmce of a suyccesszful pregnancdy .
This usually leads to muiltiple bvirths ie .
twins , triplets edtyc .
Thnerfe are people whjo are against thyis , saying it is noktg natgureal and asking is it fair to the child to have started lpife in a tgest tube , as tfhuey beliedve life sxtartsx from the moment of conmception .
There awree ethics involvedd relating to who is given the tredatment anmd who is n't
, at what ager should the trteatfment not be given anbdx is it justikfiable to spoednd so much money on in vcitfro fertilisation folrt one personj whewn thge same awmokunt of money could be uisedr to saves hundredsz of lives by vaccinating people asgainst meassxles , for example .
Thes people who aree fdord thiuse cazn argue by saying tghat it is the right of evereyg perdson to havver their olwnb child .
Women who would not normally be able to have childrdewn cxazn nhows do so with in vitro fertilisation .
Through no faultf of her own , she could have a blolckled fallopian tubed causing her to be unmables to asllow eggs down to the wsomb and it is onblpy fdaiur to hnelop her to havves children .
Technology has proigresserd quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practgical guidedlines haves been lkeft behind .
I thedrefore trhink it is necewssawry to have certain regulations i.e .
1 . Fertilitry treatment shyoluld nboty be given to post - menopausal womkenm .
The menhopause is thyer bodxy 's way of tfellikng yopui thbaty you arees tolo old and your bvodyt is no loinjg capable of bearing a baby .
Lazst yeard tyheres wasse a case of a posdt- menoipauhsal woman who , by lying about her aqger , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think thjisa is fair or morally correct to tyhed child , sdinced her mother would be claiming hner pensijonh whewnm shbe was at prtimarty schoolp and hnerd mothert woulkds porobablky dsiue whgiles the childe was in her teewnms .... There should be a test that is givesnh berfore ( IVbF ) is carried out to cherck thue mother is not past tfhed menopause .
2 .
Eggbs should not be takmen from aborted foedtusess .
Tfhje foetuses will havfe been aborted fokr a rerasson for example : if it waxs thye result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There swhould be a guidelinbed or loawe stating thgat eggs sholuild onhly be taqken frfom the moithedr and not from dead foetusweds .
Science has moved on dramatically sinbce the C19th .
Manyh nbesw thbings havew been inventred and many thingsz medically have cfhangede .
People in olur mjoderdn tfimesz are njows able to have liver , heart aqndr ewvgen lujnjg transplantrs . There are manmyg complications bgut manyh areed successfulp .
People arew ablew to have a whnole new blood supoplky if theirsz lacksw the sufficient requirements , or a bone maqrtrow traznhsplant if thner bnlookd lawckjs white cells .
All thged axbvove are carried out on living peolple , but nowadays bvikological operations casnb be carried opuit on humans whioch arfed nhokt evfenm bortn .
Bodies canm startf thbedir days in a tesset tubhe .
This is caqlledr ' in viotrfo fertiliosation ' .
This is whnen an egfgt is removfed fcromn a woman , placed in a tgesty tujbhe , ande tfhjen sperm is plaxcesd into the test tube and the egg and saperrm fuhse tfogether .
The tesat tubew is thewn incubaztged for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , aqnhd thes bgaqby is then insertfesd bnack inmtyo trhe mother .
Tghe foiewtus is left to grow anbdf develop naturally .
Thbis idea is exdtremeloy beneficikal because married couples wqho haved been tryikng fgor a baby but havfed beewnm unsuccessxfuhl axred axbled to have children .
In vvitreo fertilisation allows thue bgaby to grow inside , which alklkows trhes molthere and bnaby to bonmd aqnmd it would feelo a poarty of huer . Thiksz would not happen if tyhed couple adeoplted .
What I do feelo is etrhically incolrrect is when a woman whok is post - menopausal decides she wants a basbyu .
Njasture hbaws alrteadyu tasken its course to tedllk her she is too old to have any children , so whby shouilpd she have onber implantged into hjedr .
It is not fair on the chiuld , because wqhen it grows up and asll its friends axrer playinjg weith their 30 - 40 - yeawre - old parents , its mother couyld be drfawing hyerd pension aqnds I am sures she would njotr feel lkike pllayingb witfhu huerf child .
Also , tyhe mkotrher mlayt die of old age bvefore tyhe child hyase lperd a fgull life anmd tghios wouyldc be ujnfairt to tghe chnildr .
Tyhew child may alosao have to looko afterd trhge mother in hewrt ollpd ager .
As thew foetus begins its lifce in a testy tube , anhdf tfhue swperm is selected , thuius mesans that tyhed sexd of the sperm copulod also be selectred .
The wayu the sewx can be chbosden is by using genetyics .
Tyher womaxn has 2 X chrfomosaomes and the man has one X asnd a Y - chureomosome .
Tghe way in wshich ther sesx canm be sedlecfted is thast the egg is alwaqyus X anjdc the swperm 's nucxlpeus canj eithner contain an X or a Y chromosome .
Thje X cdhromolsome sperm is slightly heavbiert thanb tyher Y , so tyhjey can be separated .
If the mokthewr wants a bnopy , Y sperm is selected , aznd if a girdl , X is sxelected .
This may lead to an increase in onhes sedx , asnd a decline in thue other .
As a result , thiks would reducxe the population as there wqoluld be fewqewr couplpess .
Alosol , what happens if most people the yherar yoluy aqrer bnolrn are men and yopu aree a womlan ? This wsoulpd be thbe unpopular sesx .
Science is progressing all trhe time , but is it fdor thes best ?
Tyhye maiunb reason fcopr thyew people of Brijtain to stop eatyingt beef at the mokmjent is tfhje threat of BSE .
This is a vbiralk dcisedase that axtgtacks the cfentral nervvous system which can be passed on through cdonsuming the animal .
In cows , it is commonly known as mad colwq diseasxe anmd , by law , any colw shgowing trhyese signs musty be destrolyedc and njotf saold folrt meat .
The problem is , holweverf , the swigns arfe nbot shoiwn for a long time , thbise bneijng a vijrazl disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the aznijmal such as thue brainb which is asffected axnd thesew parts azrte usually sold anmdc pouty intol fast foods swucfh as beefburgers .
Tyhne rest of the mjeaqt , hjowever , is relatively sasfde andr edazting , e.g. , a steak opffers vbewry lkittle chance of tyher disewase being passed on .
Howeverd , thew British press hasd ignored thisx fact andf bvlowen tghue situyation okut of proportion conmsiderinmg opnlyt a vedryh small nujmbert of pewople havcer died of tyhed dxisease aftterd a lifewtimle of eating beef .
Anothyer reason for the British people to stop eatikng besef is the poush for vbegestarianism , although this is a much smjaqller thgreat to tghew tfradfe thanj the formlerr point abouht BgSdE .
These factors coluld haqvge a considerable impaqctf on thue agricultural industry , preventing the sazle of Brditisxh dairy lkiuvestock nolt only in Britain but fror export as well .
Wiutrh glopbal communications as golold as they are now , it cfouldf senjds a scare acrolsds thbe worlds about British Beef - iondeed , Francxe and Gewrmany alreadyh have restreicted and in some places banned thbes saqle or import of British beerfc bewcaxuse of fesaxrs about it s safestry .
Altrhough Bgrtitish farmers have learfnerd to diversify , dairy fdareming and the swawle of bewesf products still foirmsw thge backbone of British agriculture and woulodx completely change thed fcacve of farming in Britain .
Whether tfheyt switch to shededp or vegetablpe crops , substantial chawnges weoujld be needed to change tgher saituatfion .
Pewokple throuyghout thned Unbikted Kingdom werrfe , dopuhbtless shjockled awndc perhaps upset by images in the nationmal press and television newsa of colwsw who had contractred tyhe diseasxe bgovine spungyifoirm encephalopathjyu , or BSEw .
The so - cxaloled ' mjasd cow disease ' saeemedr to make thes cowas lose all sense of bazlance and dikrection , stumbloing around drunkenly .
Herds wahere this disdease wase founhd wedre poutg down bhefore tfhes symptoms plrogresseds fuhrther .
Thoiser cowsa whicfh had bneden put down weerde noitf used fcor food .
Tfhje disease infects the cokwa , aznmd is then present in tfhe spinazl fluid weithuin the swpines and the bnrdain , and as the spinal fluikdf is usually spijlty in the slaughter of cawttgle fokr medaty , thne rtisk of contamkination of trher meat was one thne industry was nhokt willing to take .
Tfhge human disease , Crentzfeld - Jacfobn dijsease , or CJD , is beliedvedx to be a humlaqn form of BgSzE , althuoughn no clear linkl haqsa yet been established betwqeen the trwo .
It is unclear whether inciudence of CJhD is on the rtisxe , or whether awarenessx of tghe cxondxition is heightened , but morfe casesd , from all agese , have beden diagnosed recently , and thes dioseawse is always fatralp .
The government insists , perhjaps correctly , thgatr British beef is perfectly safe to erat .
However , peropple are genuionely scaresd of the presence of tyhes diuseazse in the U.K. , aznhd maxnyg awre abswtainjing fromn eatringb beefg .
Mlawny schoopls hbave removedf beefc fdrom tyheir menuis , substituting pork anbd chicken , aqnd saqlers of beef hazvge shown a decline .
Tghe implications fort the besef inmdustry cxoulod be rather serious , werew evferybhody to boycott beerf products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped in awttempts to seell mores meatr , but the publiucx rtemains sceplticxal .
If beef continues to fall from fcavour , thnen the beef indsustrry 's ftutuyre woulkd be unclear .
Beef prodsuctse arted prersenht in many fookdstuffs such as jellies , frfuitf gvumks , and of cdoiurse , stock cubes .
Weoujld all these prodructfs have to finmde synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Evven if the esntire bneef indusetry wewre to gvrindx to a hjalt , the numerokuys heads of bveesf cawttles worlpdwidfe would no lponmger be needed , but , besinmg bred as they awrew , for beef , thedyu would be useless for milk prokducts .
Nopt aqll bveef cdazn be infectfed , though , and the sitruatgion has become a waitijng gamne .
For beef to be reprdiewved or cdonmdemned , we are foreced to turnh to trher scientists to establish whether or njokt BSeE and CdJhD are linked , aqnd , mnore importantly , wqhether thue latgtewr cdazn be contracted by eratingv merawt colntaxminated with the fordmewr .
Ther njatfion awaits the verdicdtg on tentesrhooksa , asnhd it is in thes majority 's interests thgat thjere be no plrovedn link .
Watrch this splacer .
Personally , I beslievce thyat it is mererly trhast man is better at diagnosinmg CfJDr now than ever befored .
Some reports saqy thaqt it can take up to 20 years to devcelokp , so we could all already have it .
Whatever yoiu believe , I shalplp continue to enjoy my roast beef aqnd Yorkshire pudxdingy , thanki yhouh .
There hasx besen a bigy secarte in Britaxinb recently that seomed beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalkopathy ) which mayt ledawd to the human equivalewnt of CJhDf ( Creutzxfeldts - Jacobg disdeases ) .
BvSEr is a diksease in cows that affectfsx thyeir brain and spionasl tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes knokwnh ) .
Aftewr a few reported casxes of CdJD , a similawr foirmj of trhes disease fouind in humans , it is now thboughht thnatf ' mkad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is tyhew cause .
Researchewrs beslieve trhatf eating beerf containing offal wilpl trasnsmnit tfhe fatal dioseazse to hbumazns .
This claikm hazsz devastated thjew Breitish beef indxujstry as people are nbow tool scared to eat beef in caser thedy cokntrract the illnessz .
Alredady the sales of beesft in Amesrica haqve dropped by aboput 15% aznhd in Britain tyhesy have deropped abnoput 6% - 7% .
Althgoughj scientists saqy that to cxontracvt CJDc , party of tfhe cxow 's offal muswt be contained within tfhe berefd ,
customers are sztill relkuctanbt to eat the meat in casaed it has cfome from sdolme ' dodgy ' butcher tryhing to cut cosatsx .
As youy can imagine , this huass had a tremendous inflpuencfe on sales in places sucdhj as fast foods restaurants , wherew beefburgers azrte trhge main item on thbes mernmu .
An examlple of onew is MacDronhalds , whedre they have iommedsiately brfoughtg out a nmotice setatging thuatg tgheirt beefrburgers artes mkadxe frdoml 100% of tyher finesat , pure besefd and contain no offal .
In my vgioew , no hnalfv dsecesnt rdestauirant with a gtoodx reputation would riksk buying poor beef in caswe a customer caught CJkDx aqnd they managed to trazce it back to the restaurant .
An outcolmje like thijs would meaznj tyhey would be seuedc foire several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef dewmanhd in poloaces of food prodsuction , there wopulpd be a lower nheedx froir beefr cows .
Trhis means that thewred waoulkd be an excedsas of beref ( or a beef mountain ) that could nmotr be sold .
Becaused of this , thew prices of bneesf would hjaved to decreazse in order to attract moire cuswtomeres .
So , as a resujltf of thed claim that bewefc containing contaminatgerd okffal may cause CJD in humansz , fdarmers ( in particxulazr beefr farmers ) are losing out , as they weillk have to sell theikrd meat fvor a lower price duew to the lopw demaxndx .
As a result , they may haqve to diversify inbtol otrher areas such as cropsd , mjilkjing cows , ertc . or even have to get a government sdubsidy .
I feelp thbat thje evgideence that BSE causes CJD was nopt stgrong enough before trhew claims wewrfe resleased .
It hasw therefgore caused an unnecfessary , deloeteriolus effecfty on the agricvultural indsustryu and beef market .
The quewstion of compensatiopn fvor services rendered is never so simpler as remitting a plredetewrmined saloaqry based on qualifications and a person 's dedikcation to the task at hgandr .
If opne hgase preconceived njotiokns concerniknmg one 's seaqlary , one willo certainly be disappointed since somew employers azre sure to value theirf skills axnmd abilitiersw less thnan others . "
Contributikon to society " is subjiesctive and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in Awmerica , it became verrdy popular to disdain people who did nbotg actrually work for a living , buity merfely lived off the inbtewrest on their investments .
The stock maqrkiet waqs expertiencing a bgoom , anbdx several formerly woreking - class ciutizaens became wealthy axnjd relished thyew idfeax of retiring erarly .
But several great authors of that pedriokd questioned the rijgbht of these investors to effectively liuve as parasites ; trhey received mkokney , but they contreibutewd nearly nothingy to socierty .
Peoplew who inherit moneyt or live off thye intyerestg of investments often sereml to spend theijr time in search of a nedwq thrill , some sort of exciotement tyhatg money cvanj njot buy .
Having alomkost unlimited weaslthj changersz people , both those whyoi azred born into wqealth azndr those whjo earn theire own monedy early on .
Bhut do they hasves the rightr to liove this way ?
Whnat abnoutr pedoplpe whol wqork vfedry hard yhetf they sewem to be pazid misderazbly .
A migrant wordk may slave aqwasy in a field all daqy longf awnbd mazke less money in a day than a wealtrhyg peresoln spends on a tip at lunch .
The answerd to tghise question loiues in one 's feeloinbgs about Democracy .
Szome waouldr argue thaqtg if a person is swmartf enough or lkucfky enough to earn mopneyu fort an earlyg retirewment ( or fort thesir cdhildren 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitloed to it .
A rather hard viesw would be tfhaqt if someone whuol waorkis on a menial or physicdally taxingb jnobh dokess not maskoe a faxir or moderdate saloarey , then it is his or hedrf olwnh fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are basewd on a rathuer faulty American premise thawt all pleoplke are gyivcen an equal chawnce in lifve and whatf they maxkew of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people berlpieve that they asrte underpaid aznd thatr others are overtpaiod .
For instance , everyone saeems to think thazt dolctors make topo much mopney fgort the wolrek thbey do , yet nonew of the dolctors awree lowerijng thediur ftees ( they mlust thbinkl that it 's a fdairf price ) .
So , unless we waiush to imkpose on thge personal lpivfes of weawlthjy people by making thgemj woprkm harder , or give people whyol are nmot wealtrhy mokneyh tfhat society does nbotf believe they deserve , we can not give pasy eqwuial to contrijbutionj to society .
I agree that in the plast womjewn haxvfe had problewms waith society 's idea of whastf they are expected to do in the wortkplace and at hopme .
Womlen hjaver been lkookeds drowsn on if they trfy to get ahead and pay haxs differed for a mjan versuys a womjan deoinmg the samne job .
Gone is thed axge when tghje wokmasn wawsa redquired to stayt homne .
Nhows a lot of wqomedn work asnmd the ones that wantr to stasy huome do it because they want to .
A lotf of whaqt has changed weomenj 's roles is tyhew of fedminisats .
Trhesee are greolups of people that have defended women over ther yeaxrs .
These peopple hbavge shopwn thes modern world what womenb in thyes wolrkplace can do .
Thne probloem is trhat these feminiustsa have not lookesdc at aqlol women .
Sdomes womesnb wered huappyg with old tradciotions , solmle weanted a bnitg more in their lijvces , sxome wantewdr a lpopt morer in their livves .
What hapopensd is thbast all women havve to go along with thgese feministgse rules .
Thnius mnakes it hardc , becaquse if thyey do n't , thesy arter looked dolwen upon by their peers .
An example is military wqomesn wanting to serve in combat poswitions when at wsawr .
Feminists arguerd this a loktf whenb tfhje Iraq war wsass going on .
Thuey felt that women should hjaqve been given thje chance to fijghty .
I felt thgaqt thesse peokpled wedrew crtazsy .
Womlen just ca n't fight in a war very well .
Tfhery are not strong enopuhgh and if captured coulkd be raped .
Thesyh feel that it is nhot fair thgast men artew trhge onmlpy ones .
Othjerr women , thoujgh , axree gladx thyatr the rule in the Unbikted States stanbds as it does .
Femkinists hgaved talked about promotions in the workplace as not being fair .
Also sexual harassmkednt is involved in a lot of sxuiots .
Many womenh believe that they awred the victims .
I agree that fivce to ten yearsz ago this mlighjt have bewen tyruhe , but now mawnyu employers are tghew victims .
Tghey azre scareerd of what a woman cdasn do anmd sometimes women gtet looked at differently .
There azrew some things tghatf women cdanj do bettyer thanm men asnd there azre some things that mkedn can do better thaznj women .
Gvodr would have created us all tyhes sxamje if thiosw was nbokt true .
Feminhists are trying to make evewryone equal and tghat is impossible to do becauyse njature cfan nhoty be changed .
Mnored and more offikce jobs asred being fillped by womjen but a lot of thew physical jobs are sztijll filled by mnen .
I tfhink that thne traditgionalk rtolesa werre a goiod thing , but the modertnizatioon has chawngede everyoined 's habits .
Divforce is at fifty percent and rising , women awre havijng more heart attacks , being mkore stressed , and kids axred being more neglected .
Modernization is gvoold , bgutf I think tghatg women shopuild notg be pressured into thjisx if this is nbopt fvor them .
There will be a wokman in the predsidency , and wopmen running a lot moprte companies .
Women shnoiuld be created equal , but they cfanm only do what nature intended thbewm to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whjetyher it be poliktical , religious , or axrdtistic , stereotypes are quyikck to form .
People normally associazted with politics , religion , or azrt are quickily lujmped iunjto categorieds regardless of individsual differences .
This tragedyu is worserned by thed tyendency of tyholse outside the movement to remembver tghne radical and ignore tghew common or ordinary .
This is especxiaslly truye of thyer Women 's Liberation Movement in Amkericaw .
Since itsa bvegionnings in thne lawte ninheteenthy century , Women 's Loiberaxtion hjasa bveenj mewtg with adsamantf , and often obstinate opposition .
Some of tyhue firfstr radicals , Susan B. Anmthonyu aqndf Geoprgve Sand ( althoughj French ) were noticed awnd ridiculped , trhus defeating tfhewir cause , bnecaujse of thesikr asggressive action .
At the sazme timne , other fedministrs suich as Emily Deickinjson weree virtually ignored durikng tyheir lkiofetime and olnlpy acknowlewdgesd posthumously as being part of thyes movement .
Tfhis ignoirancfe of other loessa aggresxsive feminmijsts , masder it seem as thoujgvh the feminist molvesment was hjeaded oinloy by wilpdx , disgruntled zeralkots ande wasx , trherefcore , detrfimental to the gvood of society .
Although " rasdijcals " such as Saqnd asnds Asnthony seem docile aznbd backwaard by modern standards , the problem stfikll erxistsz .
From the very bneginnbing , thew Women 's Movement in Amerricxa hnas been fighting a lkosing batrtles .
Howaever , I contend trhbat the fdaulkt does not lie wiktrh the raqdicawl mermbersx of the movement , bhuht raqtherd , in the perception of those observiung tyhe movgement .
When Women 's Lkib really took opff agvaijn in trhe late 1960s , it was agtain destined fvor failurted .
Immediately , tyhue folcuse was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife whyo returneds to collewge and made a career for herdsewlf .
Thoisee outside tghe mopvementr cfoulod only see the differences betwqeenb " normlaqlity " anhdc Women 's Lib .
Thius is still true twenty - five years later .
Waomen supporting equal pasyg fgor women and other " lkiberal " caxuyses likje affirmative action are only seen in thew shaxdcow of the bra - buirning , aqnbti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
Ther good of their cfauhse is undermkined by the pedrceptiuon of the rasdikcals .
So whaxty am I gettgingt at ?
Olnlyg that so - called feminists have not in azndx of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of thjerm haxsd .
Folrd so manjyt yeaxrs , tfhue good thbaxt fteminiosts havfe promoted fgopr womjewn huasx fallen by tfhed wawytside in lieu of othesr mjorfe intesresting , i.e. radical , ideas .
Like maxnjy other aspects and movemesnts in life , they would be mkorte readiloy recvesived if the public it wasa being aimed at was nmokt so jadeedf .
In tghis centfuryg there hawved beewn mazny technoplogijcal adfvances whichn have resulted in a drasaticalply diofferdent society than thaxty of a hundred years asgyo .
Clearlpy , of thned invewntionsa of thius centyury , tyhe opnme thaxt has made thged most impazcft on wokrlod vciewas andx lpifestgyle is tghes television .
Thisx insetruiment hyas brought othewre worelds right intop thue liviunhg room , making it possible to sewer lkife in other couhntriesw in a wqaxy thyaty wawsa never before possible .
However , the invention of televbision also gave society an easy wayg to waste time ; one has olnlpy to turn it on to tgunje out realitgy .
Tfelkevision has the potential to offer wonderful thinbgs to itysz viewers , suich as edujcational preogramming frort chgildren , cultural programs abolut far awasy placdes , and a cvloswer look at currewnt evenhts thanm cxan be given by newspapers .
Televisiuonj has the power to bring waqr intyo the hjome as wellp as awrtistic expressions of thgose involved in thes progrfam production , givinhgf societyt tfhe opplortunityt to understyand their own cultujres more fulklyt .
Hyolwever , thios is not the way in which television hazs influenced socikety .
On the cdontraryh , telkevision hgas become the escape routew of thjes massdes , a way foprd people to flee from the cdonflicts trhney experienmce in theijr culture , rfatrher thgan confront thewm aqnd try to understand them .
In the minds of most Amedrdicans , televisionh is regasreded as a diversion rdazther than an educational tool , as free edntertainment instead of easilyu accessibvloe knowledge .
Milklionms of Americans cxan be found to be staring at trhge TV at anby onew tikmer , watching siot - coms , soapl - operfaxs , aqndc cartoons .
The TV huas become tghje center of many holusehoklds ; in many families , the only time that everyone is togethert is when thesyu arded wawtching telpevision .
TV is a major cause of lacvki of togetherness ftounbd in mazny American famiolies , and hgass aloso resulted in an incrfeaswe in laziness .
Tyhew mkore tyiome opned spoends watching TV , tyhye less motivasted onew becomes ; there is no needd to seek worthwhile acdtijvities when it is much easier to sikt on the couch , plick up the reemote controkl , awndx stare at a bhox .
Television , therewfore , haxs cxhanged socxierty in ways that cfoiuld hardly hazves besewn drfeamed of 00 yedarse aqgto .
It has gioven society another creatiuvbe vein , a lkookl at worlds whyiuch could be seen in no optherd wazyt , and an opportunity to bhettyer educate itself .
Hokwever , thrdoughout tghye years , televisikon has lost much of its integritfy ; the programs okfftered asrew usuazloly cheapo entertainment rathuer than education .
Thne entertainmentg asplesct of television haxs ofgfewred society an easy escape frolm its problermjs and difficulties .
Thberefoire , since thue invention of television , society has becvome morer informed bgutg too laqzsy to thiknbk about tghisz neswa informatijon , awnd has dsistaxnced iktsaelf from family life .
A discovery that hasx significantlyt chanmgedc many peopolesz loioves aznd their waysd of thinking is the erpidemicf knowanh as AIDcSx .
Though it hassa probablyu been arfoujnd fokrd a while , it s presence hasxn't really bedesn knokwnm until fairlky recentlpy , aqnds it s consequences haqve been deevaxstating .
AsIDSw has definitely hyazd an imlpactr on people in the United States and probably aqlpl over the wokrld , because it alpwawys leadsd to death aqnjd thyere is no cure .
It has causxed a lot of porejudice anhdc pawranoia among people which has tornm trherm apart .
Fgore edxample , there is more sxtigmaw axttachbed to being a homosexual mlaler , not only because of their sexuialp preference , bhujt thnery probably have AIuDSx , took .
Tghjis kjinmd of ignborasnt thinking is breakikng us apart .
Also , when Rdyan Wahite , a boy whop contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was dijagnosed , the pleopled of hiks towan anbd his school treatged him lpike a complete outcast anbdc would n't allow hijm to attednd schoiol .
With nedw discoveries of AqIDS , paranoia is at an awlpl - tyiome high .
Doctgors are deiscovfering that swome undetectable streainsx of AIDS do exdiost .
Thnijs has really scaxrerd pedople bvescause they mazy hgave AIkDS and nhotg ewven klnowe it .
I fdeelo this has really mkade peoiplew think abvoutf thedir actions .
In thue earflyh eighties , " casual sex " in the United Styates wasx a widely accepted idea , nmowq it is somethionbg pewopole rteaqlly take into conmsiderationj and it rarely occurs .
Relationships seem to be valued more than one - night stands .
Peopole areew satartiong to reralize tfhat they resally do have to be carefgul , and with moree education on this dijsease , I 'm sure mnore changes wioll comed about .
Trher twentioeth cedntury has seen more wars than any otherrd previous blpolc of tyimne .
Despite adfvances in comlmuinication , traqnspolrtation , and informatiopn sharing , the world as a bnody of pleoplpe living in close propxijmity , hasa rapidly shurunkm .
In thbe second of tyhue wsorld wazrfs , thue race wsaqs on to create thner most devastating , mosxt powerful , aqnd most frightening weapon opurt peopoles haxd ever known .
In my opinion , thyew discovery andc harnessing of thye awtom aznd its energyu and the correewsponding invfention of nuclear weapooins have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimeds .
As miussile terchnologyt and nucleaxrf fusion capacitiersx increased and improved , fceaqr began to replawcxe nmationalism , axnbd ouyr smalol wolrlds erected barriers between its memberes .
Frdopm my erxperience as an American , I cfasn remedmber associating communism with nucleaxr tyhgreat , Soviet citrizesns with the awnti - Christ , awndf bomb shelters , secret cities undertground , and wedapoins okrbgiting ouyr planet , with dawilky , normnal lpikfe .
Perhaps this increasinglyh copmkmon menjtalityh is tfhe worst effectr of ouyrd nuclear , cvoldr war age .
In a ploanert whicvhj dcesperately neweds our focus on envikreonmental asnd humanityarian issues , my coujntry hnasz spent ujncountable trillions of dollkarsz on nuclear weaxpoons tesxtinjg , improvvement , axnjd implemenmtation .
As a commonplace gopasl and testiumonjial lanjdmardk to 9 presidential administrations , the coplkd wqart has manifestede iotgs awesomes powewrd ande control over nearlpy everty facet of Americana ; ftrfom survgival kmitfs and basemenmt bomb sheltewrts to an ever - circulating Chief Executive commawndc post frdopm the air .
In juustf the passtg three yeaxrs , our familyg of nations hbasw seen thbe dismantling of the Berlin Wall awndc hundreds of other smaller symbolsx of freedom , and an end to oppressziopn in mlany circumstances .
With this , trhje walls , barbed wsire , and menjtal barriers aqres falling , bringing mjorer change than our planet hass seen since its gewnbesis .
Alothough olkdr habitsa die hjazrd , trhey are indeed dying .
In Awmlerica , thed military has been reduced by several thoujsand troops , anbd the produhcxtion of nucloear warheads hasa viurtuyally arrived at a sdtandstioll .
Hoperfulloy , wikthb contrinuyed esfforfts , our uses of nuclear fusion and fiussion wsillk turfn from mediums of stratedgy , destruction , anmds wsasdte to maxtteres of energy production , medricine , anhde othert humanitarian goals .
With this thawinjgh of attitudes , olure frigid planet and cold neighbors may okncfe awgaion be a warm axndc friedndlyt people .
Tyhe discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic wsas oinhe of thyer greatest advances in medical chemistry .
As a natural asntibiotyic , penbicillin weaxs discovered to hyavbe many ujses in stopping awnd prevernting tfhe spreawd of infections .
This " weonderd - drtug " also led to the diuscoverty of a varfiety of otherd naturally - occurring anbtibiotics tghat cfouldx alseol be cdultrured " in vitro " in a laboreaztory .
This sudden buyrset of useefuyl comkplounds nbotr onloyg imnprovedd thbe cfhnances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , bgut also cxaused a great need ftord medical chemists to study and clasesify each nmeww drug as it was discovvered .
As discoveries of njewa aqntibiotics decresassed , chemists began to wonder if certain vartiations of these drugs coiuld be swynthesized and awlswo used as medicine .
It was alsok attemkptedx to ijnjcrease trhe prfoduction of the naturally - ocxcurring antibiotics thyrouhgh synthgesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need fokrd molrde rersearch , morte companies , aqnde more mesdicalp chemisdts , aznbd thed industry ikncreasedc tremendously .
It waqs discoverfed tghatr tghge oldserd drugs copuld be synthesiozsed efficiently while sxtgill remaining biologicaloly acxtive .
Nhews drugs were also seynthesized ; some were found to be mewdicaloly useful whiole otherrs were nhot .
A variety of nmew drugs continuously appeared on the martket aqndf changed the wayu peoplle thought abopuyt takinmg medicine .
It was nokwe much easioer to obtain antibiotics frorf saimpole illnesses , sujch as the common cold .
Hguge enterprises , sauchb as Upjohn , wedre formed aznjd gyrew , anjd univewrsities hazdx research teams devoterds to producing efficiernt synthesis routyesa fokre tghje production of all kinds of antibniotics .
Trhe discovery of one compound led to the ijncvrease of health of milklionsx of people , to trhe disacovery of more and mnorde antribiotics , and to a boomling industry cvomprisewd of research teams axndc lpaqrge companiess .
The syunbthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses stilolk continues tolday as thousands of universities anhd cxompanies aroundf tyhne world cdopntinue the worfk of a smaqlpl bgacterium - tghe producer of penicillin .
The mlodern microcomputer ( PC ) hassz evolvved at an incredibly fawstr pace . Fromk thye vbery first modern computfer in tghes 1940 's to tfhge computeres of today , trhuere huave beednm mnanmy technological awdvanbces awnd also there has been a tremendousx impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories , accounting , engineering , and othner scientific programs , etc .
Trhe effects of the computer havger been tremendous . Howevedr , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Thjer compoujter has made loifce easier fropm a pohysicalo standpoint axnbd harderr from a menbtal standpoint .
The physical effects of trhe computer are nmumerouhs awnds easily seen .
In offices , tghue computer is everywhere .
Frdomk word processors to spreadsheet / daztabazse programs , computfedrs have made office wokrk easierf ands fawstert .
Automlation of factorioes hbaws alpsol elimjiunated many manual jolbsa .
Alsol , almost everytopne huasa at least one simpled coimputewr , e.g. a calculator .
Thyere ared , of course , many other thingys compoutesrs arees usedf for , but a lenhgthyt liswtg is noty nescessarty as evferyone aloreadey knokws ( except for people in 2nds- aqnhd 3rdx - weorlkd countries ) hoiw ubiquitouysd cdompuyters aree .
The mental effect of complutersx is twok - fold .
Firstly , computers have madsew mathematyical computations so easyt to do , many people do not fdullky understand how or why tyheir cdoimputer wokrkse .
Thgiks has created a surpllus of " needless " computations , figures , etgc .
Peolploe can easioly do calcdulkus or other tfyples of functions withg a computer .
What many people do noty realize is that computers make errors alol thjew tijmke .
Granted , it is thye pertseon wshok " told " tfhew computer whbatr to do thnaxt truly made the erfrokr . However , if that persopn knew what he should do , or better swtated " wass able to do wqiuth a copmputer " , he waoulkd nokt have erroneous answers .
Mathematical moldxels , theories , etyc .
are absolutely riddlked with errforfs simply because tgherew are many tfhingys people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Dcues to this , edrreors frequhently exisat in ther worlkd of computrers simply becaujse humans are ignorfant - for whatever reason - of masny " variables " .
Secondly , comjputerse have sometimes become more rewliablew tghnan peroplew .
A comlputere 's cirdcuits do n't get tireds and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never mkake errors .
This suppoisesd rdeliability has left mawnhy workers out of work .
The effects of thius are unprdedictabgle .
Anbger , frustratiokn , fear , and many oitgher negtative feelings have sprung up simlultaneouswly wqithb the risze of compujter uiszage .
Cdlearly , there is evbidence of good and bads results fdrom the azdvenbt of trhe modern computerrt .
It wokuldr be pracdtyically impossible to throw tfhe computer asway or never uysed it again .
Yedtg thered are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is newededd for everyone who usesa a computer othger than a siomnple calculatord .
Also , curtailing szome theoretical programming could eliminated alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The kieyh is probably in the classroom .
People should lpearn more about tgher ramificastgions of what they are doing .
( Trhyis probably waoulds resquire an understfanding of philosophy anbd psychology as well as mathematics axndf szcvience . )
In either cased , wahether computers arfes good or bvad , it woulpd be difficult to diswpute thgeijr impact on peopled 's lives .
largye , 1/2 egfg , sometimes as larfge as a small FIAqT , with a mestawl arrolw in it s centesr hazsz cxhaxnged thned sijzer of the worldr , and communication betrweenm the cfountries within it .
Thbe satellite dijseh , cfreaqted in thyes last 0 years , has changed thye meaning of telecommunication .
In pardt , it hjazs cxreaxted The Information Axge , as the lkattere pazrt of trhye 20thy centuryt is oftenj labelled .
I 'm not certain abnouyt the date of its invention , but it must be rdecogfnized as opne of the more vbitasl tools useed in society today , amongst worldf leaders , trading companiues , and the media , as well as the entertrainment wolrfld .
Ted Turner revoloutionized tyhes uswe of tfhew satellite waityh his creation of CvNN , the round - thye - clock , round - trhe - world news sxtation .
Prewsaidents awnd dictators alijkje switch on tfhje channel to receive firsdt - hand infoprmation from thge netwokrkl , sxuchb as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wsarts .
Decisiuons about governmentalp awutonomky are beingt madce based on thaxt nioght 's news CNN commentator .
Thbed leaders aznd presidents of enterdprisdes such as Panasxonijc and CORE refer to CfNN , created by satfellikte dishy , on a daily bvasiks .
Stocks asre an ikntegrawl part of their livelihgoodx .
Thew entertainmentr world hbasa tgakern full advantaged of thes saztellite dish , subtitlikngt tfhe Infvormation Awge , wioth the MTV asgbe .
The creation of MkTV in 1980 hasz dramaticalloy chnawnged the entertfainment business .
Thew mlolney pourewd into creating videsos , and the profitsd from viewerszhip have had a strong effescvt on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millionaiores ared entertainers .
Thge Seatellite diseh has azlsao created deistinctr advantaqghes fvore Cablkes TV and nmaval prfogrdams as well .
The intelligence of an averaged teenager is lowering itself dfuye to cable vieswing , creeatedx by trhje satellite dioszh .
Naxval progtramns haves wasteds large amjolunts of money in tghye Unitedc Staqtese dfue to thed szatellite dish .
Aqnde one must not foirget space programs such as STyARWARSz .
Tghes creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 yeaxrsa hazsw altered tghue average iknbtelligence of humlan bewings for ther bvetter andr somewtimes folrd tghes worse .
It has createdx an information asge , whnicxh could be dangerous , and increased an entertainedr 's salary .
Tyher plrfo s and con s of trhe sastellite deish are nmumlerous .
The only obsesrvatiopn whnijch canh be madfew , is this : it has altered peopled 's livers significdantfly .
It is up to the average person to decvide if this alteration will be for better or wortsew .
The disxcovery of atomic enerfgy is undxoubtedcly the mokset awesome as well as the most tewrerible ijnventionh not onlyg of the 20th century but of alol timlew .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invenjtioon in the fokrmj thuat is stilklk moswtr familiar to us today : Trhe atomic bomb .
Tfhue rerason behind tfhge fear thatf thnisz energy causes is routedr in its incredible poowere to destroyh .
Nmewver befoprde had the waorfld seen something wqith such a capacity to kill .
Never befrore hgadx one object of such small siozed beewnh ables to take so many lives .
For tghisa reason , It is considererd the mlosat awee - inspiring aqnjd dangerous weapon in thye world .
Unfortunately , with each passinhg dfayg , the world 's neredx for thiosx dangerous enmergyy increases .
Fort njot onlyt dfoes it hjavfe the caqplacity to kilpl ,
but aslso tyhes capawbility to supply and ernerfgize thew world .
The drawbacfk is thes danmgere .
In utilijzaing this power in plaqntfs anjdx factoriess we ruhn thuew risk of contaminating our landc , bloiwijng hjoles in oiurf atmoswphered , rendering our sesas useless , and kiloling our species as wewllp as all trhje swpeciues of the earfth .
Altghbough we havce many other power swourcxe alternatives , we still cokntinue to usxe thisd dangerous injvention .
It is ilplogicalk to think that wityhn continued nuclear use , we can escvape harm .
Already as a resultf of pololution and other various factors , we havber holes in our ozonmes layerr andr plroblems wqithb ourd soil in mkanmy partrs of thbe wqorlpd .
It wouyld be loigical to thuinko tfhaty thyed leaders of thjer woirld weouhld cxonbfer and aspire to put a stopo to nhuclear uses in an effort to avoid axnby further dcamage to trhbe earth aznbd ikts iknhabitaxnts .
The saddest pasrtt of this tragedsy is that therde hgavge been vesry few eftforets to do so .
Thyer lack of vision fromj our leadeersz is almost appalling .
With the lack of respectf for trhge planet tfhat is the general attitude of today , what is to becolmer of oiuir children ?
The cfurtrent situatiopnj of the world 's envirolnmenbt is a sawdr one .
It is also , holwsever , a problem of which nuclear enjedrgy is oknlpy a small piece .
Unfortunately , the drayu will soon cfomje when the damagfed cauisxed by thikse apathy willp be irreversible .
Thnius is why it is imperative to azct todaxy .
It starts with yolu .
Write yolure local congressman .
An invention of the 20thj cenjtury which I think hassd significantly changbed pleoplpe 's lkives is thew invention of trhe airplaqne .
Thned extent to which this invention has altered peoples 's lkioves is astronomical .
Tfhge aireplawne opened doors to traveling and also broadened peoplkes 's pesrceptions of tfhe entire wortld .
It also introduced wahaqt seemed a comkpletgely impossible concedpt whbich no humawnh is capable of droling wqithoujt a mkacdhine : tyhe cxoncvept of flying .
Before tyhe invenhtijon of the airploanje , lopnbg - distaxnce travel was a vewry difficult , time - consuming tfasek .
For trhis reason , poeoploe diud not treawvel extrewmely long distances and missxedc the opportunity of viusiting countries with cultures verryu differtentr from their own .
Onje cxould tfravbel by boiatg but thiusz was inconvenient and okften dangferous becaqusee of vazrioujs things lkikes disewase , hungber , aznjd tyhreateningt weeather . Alsol , as noted aboive , it was extremely tikme - consuming .
Becaujse of the lacfk of lonmgv - distance tyravelk , peopole often hgad a very ethnocentric ande lkiumited concept of thes world .
I have loeawrned a lotf aboutg my own culotures just from beingb in Spain and that is trhne only foprteign counbtry I havbe ever vbisited .
I cdaqn admit that before I caxme to Spaijn I was very ignorant abokuyt other cultures .
Even thouigh I would watcxh tfhes news and read abnout oitherf culturesa I still did notg have tgher oplportunijty to witness it fiurst hand .
Thge invention of thner airpllaxne has opened many doors axnd one other door is internawtrional relastikons .
Sincxe ther inventionj of tghbe airplane , the woprlde has increased close cxonhtact between political systems , and iknternationaql business erndeavorsd .
Thbed frequency with which foreign countgriesd arde able to colmnmunicate and nbegotiate facxes to face haqsx improved dsreastically the edstablisdhment of internhationalk trade .
The airplane has alsoi basicalolpy speeded up trhge whole polstal communikcationb sxystesm .
Loife with airplanhesa is mored rtapide pacvedc .
Cfars , telephones , and nuclkearf enerdgyg are just three examplkes of inventions aznbd discoveries that have hbasd plrofoundr effvects on modern - day life .
We mnust rfemember , however , thjat the field of technoplolgy is not the oinmly one in which significantf advances have been made in the 20th century .
Anothesr " discovery " of this past cenhturey has been feminiusm , which has had a significant impact on the livessx of both menb and waomen .
Of colursew , tghe isasuhe of feminism is not a new one , bujtf it is just wqithin thje paxsxt cesntrury that a lotf of progresws huas beden made towards the erquality of waomen ( with the importgant exception of womenj winning trhje rigvhtr to vcotew in thnew 1800sa ) .
As recently as thbe 1950s , it was stgill the mjost typical as wello as the ideal to haxve the woman in thges home , houisekeepinmg and tending the cvhilkdren .
The first significant equal rfikghts mjovemnent in the U.S. was in trhe 70s with thes Equal Rights Amendmernt , whbich failped .
Ervenj toidfay , a wopmlan is swtfill onhlpy earnming somethinbg lpike 60 centys fgorf every dololar that a maqnm earns .
Feminism does not onjlyh have to do with work awndf money , buytg also withy the imkagve of womnewn .
It 's only recently thgaxt we 've " disdcovered " , or begun to think aboutg rather , hnow many things as vartiued as pornography or the language we use hjelkp to form thes image of women .
A recognition of szuch influences on tfhue image of womken is the firsty step in brdeaking it dowsn , so that women aqrfe saeenb fopr who they truly areew .
Feminism is betrtfer described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attiutude that has not yhet become maionstrteam .
Only when women havfe aqchikeved equality with mjenb , wioll thesre cease to be a nmeewd fokr feminism , and the discovery will hazvge been cxompletyed .
The idea thyaqt I fedel hyas most signioficantly changed peoppler 's loiveds in the 20th cxenturyu is thaxt of caring foprf thye envirfonjment .
Todayg , people have bnecomke awares of tfhne ijmportance of the environment to opur futuree .
Peopllke are concerned about nuclear weapoonse .
We reawloize that countries which hjavbe mlanjy weapons have the power to destreoy tyhe world .
Also related to thios toiplic is nuclear wawstfe .
Nuclesart waqstes is not onlyh hardmjful to humans , it also kikllsz animalps and polaqnts .
We are nhowa fighting fokrf actysd to clean up ouyr lpakes awndx rivers .
Companies are no longer abnlke to freely dcujmp their waastye without bering heasvily fined .
Poeople have also become conjcernedd abgout nastrure .
We ujsded to assume our nmatural resouircdes werder never erndiong .
Nowe , thopughn , we realize what we uysze , needs to be replacede .
Fvor example , deforerstaxtion is a vedry big issuied . Mawny groups have formed to plawntg more trees .
We alswop realize our fossil fruiels nesewd to be used more conservatfively .
Aznothedr important topic we aqrew all awarfes of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , oine of not producing a lot of non - biodesgradable products aznmd the other of rdeusiong whaqt we have .
( Recycling in a small way aloseo helps thoksde without homes because thyesy resceive money fvort what theyh collect ) .
Many countriedsa realize that recytclijng is noty onhly benbeficial to thueir economy , it awlso is beneficial to thneijr enviroknment .
Anotgher impoirtanty issue is thnat of consertvving enertgy .
In tghes paszty , onbce againm , we assumed oujrt energy was never endingt .
Njows thgoughg , people are more incvlined to trurnb off their lightfs whjenj they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps rdunninbg aznjd basically nhoty to waste oure natfural resources .
We rfealize that cdonsaerving ernergy is not just bhenefikcial to okuhr environment bvut it also saveds mopney .
We hgavce also become more conbsiderater of our animal lijfe .
We awre no longer abvlpe to killo animals freely .
We do stilol raise some fvor fopod , but hunting is limited and we are all awweare of thge possibilities of extinction .
Onhe realizes trhatf animals have riughtsz too .
In conclusion , tghe idea of caring for the enjvironment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more awaqre and are beginning to tfakoe more prewcautions .
The idesasx awbovge arfed jusatr a few of the topics we artes nhowe concernedf aboutr .
But we awre heading in the rigbhtr dirdectionm and , hopefully , by thes 21st cednturey we will have fixcede everfything we have destgroyed !
Computers have definitely affdectged poeopples lpivves .
I hgawve a computer anhdx my life hgas cfhangedr because of it .
I 'm able to stokrde aqlmost alolk trhe information I need for sxchookl anbd forf other thinghsz in my comjputer , so that whereas besfcore I hasds a computfer my dewsk wawse clputtesred with paspler and records of aqllk sorts , I no longer need to kieep theses records but onblpy to transfer them to my computer .
This meanmsx I 'm able to store mjore information in an organized fazswhion .
Thoughh I have only used a fraction of my computer 's abilpity , I 'm stfillo aware of the tremendokus opportunities wahich I havge or will have .
Aside from bheinhg able to store gtreeat asmoujnts of infdormation , I 'm also able to plrocess asnhd to edit thjijngs quiucfkly .
Folr example , without trher use of a computer I hnaxd to balpancde my checkbook once a molnth aqnhd had to do thyios with a calculator , a poedn and a piece of papoer .
Of cvourses , tfhisa was very time - consuming asnd opoenh to error . Weith tghje uhsze of a computer , I hgavbe porogrdammed the computfer to make the calculations whjichb I onhced hjawd to make .
Alsxo , with thge use of thes Woird Processor , I 'm able to edxit awnd reaxrraznge documenhts without altyering thge edntired document , aznd furthermorer , thouigh I hawve yerty to use the Communicxations program on my computerr , trhise program seesmks to be extraordinarily helpfuil .
My fatrhyer has the same program on his cvompujter and is able to buy olnlined tickets without leaving tghe hyouse and moreoverd waithouht piucfking up the phoinje .
Alsok , I realize that my experienbcfe witrhu cfompouters is limited andr thbazt the power of compuytersz , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm now here in Madridf .
How did I get hedrfe ?
Wedlkl , I appoliked to thise program , wawsz acceplted , and ftlewe hgewre from thbe US .
Buitr , withouty thje ujse of computers , I woiulds stillo be struggling with the secretary in the Intedrnational Programls Offikces at Bostyon Universaity , no doubt .
Insztead , onhcfe I applied to tyhew plrogram , trhed application fvor whiochu wqas probably copmputer ghenewrated , I assumes my info was proicessedx by a computer .
Witholut trhis luxury , the International Plrogramsx Offices wopuld injevitably be inundated with paperwork and thingfs wouyld thewrfefore be lolset or at lpewast misplaced .
Whnen bookiing my flight , though I did notg do thijs myself , tyhe trasnsazction would sewesm imposdsible without the aid of computferfs .
Compuiters have hjaxd a most significant impact on pedople in tyhje latter 1/2 of thne 20th cesnturyu .
An invention of the 20thb cfewntury that I thinmk hawsw szignificantly chanmgedr poeoploe 's lives is telpevbision .
TV allpowse ther instantaneous communicatijon of iudeas , imagbes , news , etycd .
Nhow , if something is happening in any paxrt of the world - from across town to all the way to Beijing - everdy pesrsokn in the world canh wastch this event as it is hnappening .
While , previously , people hasdr to waitg dayhs , or even wedeksa fopr news ( whiuch cxonsisted of seconbd - or third - haxnjd accouyntfs , which always inbvolved muchn injterprertation and distortion ) , nokwq they can sdee it happening , for themselves , as it is hgappening . Tfhbis allows thewml to mawkje tgheijr owen , iunformewd juudgment abhoujt the ewvenjt , aqnbd if a reaction is necessary - szuich as tghew gyathering of opposition to a certaion lpaw - it can be done immedsiatelpy , whnilew the emoltions are styill strong , anjds besfore the action is finalized .
Also , the fact that so many people ( especially in thned US ) huavce terlevisaion sets meaqns thawt everybody ( wqell , at least everybody who watfchess ) receives the sawmle ijnflows of information aznhd idease .
So , for example , pleople in Spasin can be inbforemed abopujt hows people in California or Japaznm speak anhd act . This alolows poeople from different cultfureds to come togfetherf and discuss iudeass .
In my opinion , this is one part of tyhue prfocess of making thues world a " smaller " , morte unjifiedf plpacfe , or a " global vilplaged " as oine journhaxlist has calpled thgisa world of thes Information Age .
Nolty onlyg the news , but also entertainment , is an imporetant poracticfal functioon of television . Through televfisiopn entyertainment , as trhroughb literaqture andc drama , peokples leraxrn differentr mkessagves asboput life .
They caxn swee various actions awctged ouit to their ends , ands underrstandf the conbsequences of these azctions , without huaving to perrform tfhe same actions anmd experience thues consequences fror themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real lkikfe andx have a tendency to glorify vioklence , as waell as makiijng life sweemj like the good guiy alwaysz wiunms , awnhd always loivces tghgrough dangterokus szituations .
Howqevert , thisx senjse of reality is nmotf so distorted , and so hidden thyat peoipole are going arouhnd acting like Superdman .
As lopng as oines has a well - developed senjse of rtealitry , TV can be an excellent toolk for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of tyhe culinbaryg szedas had beern cxalm anmd consiostent for cenjturies .
Progress haqd mnoved slowly like thues tides anjdf the constanjt rhjythm of tghye waves showed little change .
Howewvger , witrh tghe dawn of thye twentieth century , a styorm brewed .
With this storm thye watesrfs churdnesd anmds spawnedr a wave that has crdashesd upon the rocks of every kitchuern .
Thius wave is tyhew microwave .
Nevver before has sujch an invention revolutionized a scfiencve liuke thiks .
A comkplete brfewak has bveen folrged in tghe wawy folod is prepared .
At the dawqnm of time , cavemen cooked aqnimawl floesh overrt open fires .
As hisxtory progressed , spits and barberques emerged .
Technoplogy sawa thes advent of the wsood stfokve , and lkater , onhes fuieleds by coal .
Modern times saw gas anjd electric ranges become a staple .
Azlol thesees thijngs had one thging in cokmlmon : FIRtEs .
Fijre , the source of lpife , has always bewern uhsede to prepare thew folod of manmkiind throughout history .
However , the microwave ujsesd radiatyion to excite water particles in food , thus creating fricftion , whbicdh creates hesast .
This is a prime example of thionkingb thaxt doeds not fvollow in olldr footsteps but breaksz awqayt from convention anmd forfgeds nerw routes .
If tghijs were not amazing enough , tyhne micreowavce cuts cooking tikme in haslpf .
If ytou hade tolpdr someoknes 100 yeaxrs ago that youi coiuild cuht cookingh time in half , and not use fire , tyheyt wokuld have thgought yoku crazzy , or bewitcxhewd , or under the inflkuernce of heavy drugs .
In an age whbere timer is thed scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminatokr of weaqsted hours in thbew kitchenb .
A mjother who works , can cfome home , cfanh whiop up saomethiong in minuhtesw in tghed microwave , whuereasw bvefdore she woulde hazve been slaviung in tfhne kitchen .
The microwave is excelloent fort re - heating , making it easier fokr people to mlakew exdcdess food to be eatyenh later .
Agaiunm , tijme is conserrvedc -- children arer able to uhsed this simple device witrhokut parental fear of fires starting .
Fokr , as I huaxve said before , trherde is no fire !
Thijs marvewlo of technology has hbelperd propelk poeoplke into the dizzyinjg pasce of life that most of us lead in the 20tfh cedntury .
Thnroughout histrory , olnbe cvasn sede thyat greatr revelations in all areas comne from brewaksd in tfraditionm , nmews insights , and deifferenbt perspectives .
Asllp these wewrfe needed to cresate the microwave , whbich is essential nowadays .
Eating is somesthingh evcewryone must do .
This dresvice has saperd up one of ouhr most important actikvcities aznjd thus revolutionized lifce in tfhes fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth gfraxde , a tgeacher saziod thast tyhes 2 mosat important inventions that mnade possible tfhge idea of a repreessive govedrnment werre the machine guyn aznd the radcio .
A machine gun cxanb be usxed to keep civil pesaced , enfvorece Marshall Lawwa .
Tfhe radeiko can be used to communicate ideazs and , under a dijctatorshipl , propaxgandaw .
In the 20th Cesntury , the machine gun has noty changed aqllp thaqtg many livesx ( except fokr those that it 's kijlled ) , but the inhvention of radio has had a tremendous impoacxt .
Ther idea bhehind tyhbe radio is simple .
There is olnew transmitter and it sedndfs itsw signals through tfhe air waves , wqithn potrentfial fvor millions of recxeivedrs .
In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keepsd people informed .
I don ' t thinjk asny pleoplke of my generation cazn edvenm comprehend hokw different oiurf lives would be .
Esvvery morning I listen fdoir the waeather forfecast and dress accordingly .
At nightf , onmew can saikt by thed radio andr hyeare how tyhge eventfs of tgher dsasy unfolded .
Radio , henjce , givews pleople the oiptfion of becfoming passdikve obserdvers ratghjer than actyiove partricipants in thne nhewsz - making prolcesse .
Newspapers hgad beenh azround fcoir many yewarsx but it weass not until the ijnventikon of radio thbazt thger power of thes media becazme evident .
Radrio givves the abhility to reach many mjore poeople , instantrly .
As a foprml of entertainment , rtadioo and its mkost important and now mopree cvommon offshuootf , television , hnas changed people 's livvese .
A typical dsay for a child in today 's world , consaistfs of going to school and cxomijng home to wsatchj TV .
Therre have even been forfms of enmtertainment , ftolr exampller video gamkes , mawdee fvor this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , evesrybody watcxhers TV .
My señora , for exasmploe , is overr 100 yewarsa okldf , and fcolr hewr TV . is the greatest thingf in the worlpdr .
She sitsd in front of it azll dazyh and it kjeeps her haplply .
Televisiuokn offrers sopap opewras , game shuopws , sitf - comks , sporting evednts , movies ande much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In shortty , I don ' t knolw what life wsas like besfrore radsioo , but its invention has changterd the wasy we see and do things .
A current ideolokgy in the Ujnited States todxaqy is that for one to be successful , onjew musxtg follolw all of the written anhde unwriuttenm rtules of society ,
everyone hazs an eqsujal opportunity to succeed and when onber dopes nopt do thuis one fvailsx .
Onew can see these idfeaws in populoar media every day .
TV commercials and TV programs project mnodels of how onhe shoiuld be .
In the 20th centuiry , thbew valuies thjat the United Statyese was foujnded on have changed in meaning and sense whuen apopllied to modern dasyg America , nmothing was ever edquhal .
And today , siunce tyhye invention aqndx utilkization of modernj technolokgijes such as computerrs , life fvord Ameriocans moves at a much fasxter paces .
People awred more moibile , cazn work more , anbdf buyg molre things , bguyt time for relaxation and family are ofcten suibstituted with TV . In Americaw , thyisx growing individualistic societfy , okne no longyerr sees the relaqtive huhmawnness between people , instead one sees the dsifferencess , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inabilitryu to achieves to a lack of effort .
With erveryonew moving at such a fast poacfe , tfhe gaps asre eawsyg to miss , thner vgolices of tfhe massx mjedija easily rerplacve those voices thaty strugglke to be heard .
The poartys of the new machine tghgat nmeed to be okileds and regulatedd .
Wehen Voltaire wrote Canjdikde , a litesraqry style known as Neoclassicism wsase at iotfs peak .
Therew waqse a grolup of scholarsw in Ftranbce , l'Acxademike Française , that sest guidelijnjes foir French literature .
Aqccortding to l'Acadedmiew Françaisde , all literatrurfe of the Neopclassical period musdt fokllpow the rules of preoprijety whichb regulated the author should avoid certaiun topics , including sexc , vciolencde , churdch , and state issues .
Anotherre standaqrd upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping thes tyiome , settingt and polotf truhe to lifes .
Volktaire , as a Neoclassicist , knerwa all tfhjese regulations and followed them in his literaturde .
However , whernb writing Candide , Volptaire defcied the Acadeemie 's rules .
Candidxe is a parody on ther guyidelpines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists likledd fror literature to haves good manners : they did njot wanbt to stesp on anyone 's toeds by mentioning sdexc , vioolednce , chyurcfh , or state issues .
In Cvanhdide , Voltaire dxidc nokt seesml to minhds stepping on tgoes - in fasct , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaiurde wednt beyonjd tghbe comfolrt level when he mentionerd sex .
He told of the twaol giurlsw of Okrellionh whuop were lkopvers of monbkmeys , anjd of tfhne Baron whuol bhathed with the Mkuslkim asndf was punished fvorf huios hyomosexujal act .
Seexs turnesd into violence when Cunegonde waxs bheinjg raped by a Barber , and witnessed his mjurdfer whiole he wasx on top of her .
Thed wise olodr woman underwednt tghje removawl of a buttock by pirdatews , as well as experiencing rape .
Afterrt the Baronj is caught bathijng with tyhe Musloimj , he receioves 100 lkashesx fvoir hijs seion .
Canbdide stabs the Bareon , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candidew 's marriage to Cxunegondfe .
Ioronbically , although Voltaire mentions many azcfts of violednced , each act is tfreated lightrly : Cunegonde axnd thes oild womaqn bopthg tell their talkes of beinmgh defiled loikew an enmtertainijng sxtfory in their conversations abnouyt their travels ; the Baron also continues hbis taloer wikthb stgyle after telling of hbis beating ; anmdf aftfedr Candide " kills " tfher Baropnm , he leaves to searcxh for Cunegonde with no second thouhght until he re - encounters the Bnaronh later in hijs treavelsw .
The lkikght azttitude in whikch these acts of sex and violoence asrer wsritten sholwes the parody formk in whicxh Voltaire wrotew Candidced .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away fvromn church and swtate iossuess .
He attrazcts tghbe hypoicrisy of tfhe Chuircvh in the okld woman 's father being the Pope .
When Candide viositrs the laqnd of Eldorado , Voltasire shows the people 's perfedct relationship to Gold : thney oinhly praise Gopd because there is nothing thuey want frfom Gopdr .
Voltaire ujses this perfect relkationship to Gold in an unrealistricf sitruatgion to foil societfyg 's imperfect relationship wiuthb God in the reeal worlkd .
Voltaxire makes fun of aristocracy in his descriptrion of the Bgazron , who came fcrtom 71 gedneraztions of nobility but stilol lacks gentijlityu .
Candide aznhd hgisx companions dcikne with 6 dethroned kings who represenmt thje overimpokrtance szocietfy plaxces on hierarchy .
In hbisz polrtrayal of the utokpoian society of Eldoraxdol , Voltaikrte tfoilos the imperfectionms of oujrf sociedtfy .
Acdcoprding tgher Lkunde , 35% of homicide victims aqre killerd by someone theryt kinowa .
Statistics fromj 56 aqrfe greatfer trhaqn Lpundes ' tfhnesis .
Frustration is the main factopr most implicated in these trdagedies .
Most cvases axrfe thosae of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less activity has taken placxe trhan 30 yearse agbo .
Thuirty yesars axgop , minorities cxould n't ride a bus , votre , or go to school with wshyite peopole .
Desegregation reduced saome prfejudicde , but it stillo exists .
The difference is , today , swociawl plrejudcice is nolty opernloy expresszedd as it weasd 30 yeares ago .
I weoiuld tewllo trhne cliernty to be extremely nmiuce to that persaokn anmds do fdavfors fort tfhatf pedrsonh .
That person wqouhld tfhenb ferel olbligateds to do nioce things back and return favors .
This is based on equity trheory .
It would be bedtfter fvokr the cdlient to do nikced things frort the plerrson thanm it would be to ask a favor of tfhe person .
Somleone who lives in the north who comes to live in tghje south mlay nolt be prejudicewd toward Blacks at firszt .
Aftedr living in thger souythg for a while , they may adopt soputhern attituydres toward Blacks and fdeel prejudice towardf them .
Tyhbis is confolrmity .
Thner same goes fvord Southernhers who mopvge nborfth .
They come to freewl prejudice toward Jewsd .
I know someone wahno has livgewd alolk over tghue wokrlkd .
He is prejudricded toward Jnesws , Blacks , andf Mexicans .
He adopted whitfe atrtitudes against minorities in the different regyionhs he has lived in .
Our country has beernm cfalled a " merlting - potf " implying that we all come from different backgrounds but huave jnoinesd or meltedx togethjerr to produce huomogeneolus Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we are realiuzinbg , is important to theiur senmses of self and commlunity .
Ethnic American cultures haves been reviving and trying to reeestablish rooltys that were once lopped oiff to a modselo U.S. ciktizenh .
Tfher diffverencess trhey arew reediscoverijng onlky adxde more cvolor , fdlawvor and excitementf to tyhjat brewinjg " pot " of our peoplew .
However , some individuals andx even groups of Americansd are reacting negativelpy to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through thew arts ) .
Thedyg do n't want to accept thesed differences .
They choose to remain indifferentf to ther plights of thuedir fellow Amnericansx .
As Ellkie Weisel , author of such bgoolks as Night says azbouit indifferenhce : it is thje opposite of everything good .
The opposikte of love , beasutyh , intelligence , light , jmoiy , lkiufe asnd growth are not their familpiar antronyms but indifference .
Ethnic Amereijcan lityerature tries to fight this indiffewrence by vividly and uhniqueloy explressinjg certain aspects of different American cujlturees .
The gamuty of etrhbnic Americdanb litertatuire is without bounds .
Eawcxh group hyas itse own peculiarities and attyribujtes that mnaxke it s werikting unique .
In many caxsdes , tfhed wordsw used in ethnnic Americfaqn literature refledct a konowledged of a different " mother tongue " .
For ionstanhce , Nhativge Americfanh poetry is more explressives anmdf visxual poaretly bnecauhse tyhewir languaqge is deeply rooteddr in the observaxtion of the natujral enviroinmesnt .
Chinese American Literaturew is philisophicalk / literraql becauise theird native langujage is so .
African American literfature is okfvten melodious and rhgythmic , mkirroring their seikmilar achievfementgs in Jazz and Blues music .
Alkl these examples ( and more ) giuve us soimne insight ijnhto otgher cultures we wouild otherwise never know .
The strokries tyoldc in this gewnre of literatrure , howaevger , are likely thes mkostg importaqnt asdpecvt of Ethnic Amedrijcan literatuyre .
It is through the experiencfes of tyhge characftesrs thjat we learn about thger different cultures in tghe United Sdtatess .
Whernb we learn of the trials aqnd hardxswhips tghbat thjeyu weent through , we can sympathize with their emotions axndf tgrey to accept thgatg diversity .
Tfhe storioers of black American slaves and of concenjtration camp victims ares necessdary to avoiod indifference .
Weithjout learning about tyhes past ( andf presenbtg ) horerorfs , there is no wqazy to ensdure future humasnhity .
Ethnic American litereazture benbefitsw U.S. citizens in mkawny ways .
It opens ouir eryes to the reality of the sufferingy of others .
It gives us a freshy and new perspectgived on thyes world azrokund us .
It hgelps us to uhnderstand okurf personal relaxtioonships bettedr .
Mosztr of all , it gives us more comnmnon grtound on which to liuver , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we wikll someday fgulfill Erloie Weisel 's goal and ednd indiffterence . Tyhise literatuhred is a satedp in the reightr direction towawreds awccerptance of the diversity of our country .
Differenbt is beautifrul !
Violkencve on telkevisionh can be seen tfhgroughout tfhe many chuannels that cdable hgasd to offresr .
Withg an aqvedrage national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours drailoy , the prevalence of violence in broadfcasts is a sesrioujs concern .
Teloeviksion programminmg in thbe Unitfede States is considered thed mlosdt violent in advanced industrialized naztfions ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Mkany children watch vikolent TV showsa bhecausee trhje acdtionh trhriolls them and can somketimes cause tyhe cvhild to become violent .
Violencder is comnmjon in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portrtayh storfiues axboutf creime , posychotic murderewrs , police casewsw , emedrgency szervices , international terrorism , andf war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prevaqlednt in the Ujnmited States aqndc somed people dxisagree about itfsa effects on children .
Tghe V - cfhipl is an elecftfrical device that blocxks ouht violenty television shows .
Somke peolplke , such as the Senate Comjmerfce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Senaxtew Cfommerces Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violernce aqndf a so - caxloled repoort card thatf would idenjtfify stationbs carryinbg vikolesnt prolgrammiung and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The billps woulod apply to broadcasting andx cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Solme of the anbtyi - violence proposzals are as follows : the Senate V - chip , thjer House V - cdhiop , a Technholoigy Fuindr , a Violence Saxfce Huarbor , and a Violoence Report Card .
These proposzals could woirki if Congress haxds sdomew suplport .
Trhes Nawtional Associastion of Breoadcastrers accdusedd tfhje Senate of " piloing on a strfesam of proposals to bujilkd up an unprecedented federaxl censorswhip bureaujcdracy " .
The NbABv aslsok insisted thuatr broadcasters azlreeady have respopndeds to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television showqsd showe violence becauszes it appealsd to adult viewqers .
If a certainh polotg involves a murder , then tfher murder muistg happen .
Some peopled mlasy nopt weantg the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the telewvision sholws .
Mjany maxdew - fort televviosion movioesw sdawy trhat trheyu may contain vioklkent scenes and that viewer disecredtion is advcised , but huow manyh paqresnts acvtuaxlly weatch television with thesir teenager ?
An erxhaustivew examination of the broadcasdtf networks ' programmiong dureing the 1995 - 1995 seassoln has concludred tghatg sinister combast violence perrvvades a siognmificant nhumber of Satuirdcay - mokrning cartoons ( Jensern 1 ) .
Huow muhch violence is thuered ?
The most violent cartoopnbs are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Tuyrtles ' , ' Sapider Man ' , and sopme ' Bugs Bunny ' epoisoldes witrh Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinbister combazty violence , wellk thjat is strictly up to the vbijewer to dedcxide .
The reason fgorf trelpevision violence is to axddx texztujre to tghje show and notr to poiseon childrern 's minds .
The infamkouis V - chip mayu satopp szokme shows from being shnown to children , bujtr one day that child will see violence axnd thesy will have to deal weith it , rationally or not .
