It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only person who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and even a butcher . I do n't know shy .
I would like to study psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and not , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car , but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a can because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience , when I do n't have a ca , I usually use it to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment to realize the importance of public transport .
In India we have various types of public transport , like cycling , bikes , far , trains & flights .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , a mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with the mode of transport .
This reminds me of a trop that I have recently been to and the place is air .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to the area .
We stopped at holes to have food and , just in case if any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait whenever we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & fight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short in the back seat and wake up fresh .
For For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by can is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you give me the chance to join you .
thank
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love to play with my friends .
Volleyball is a short game every place . When I travel to the beach I like playing with my sister on the sand and after that we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young , I liked playing with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using soccer goals as a network of volleybalk .
Dear ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you about some advice on travelling and working in my country .
In contrast , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Seville , Vslencia .
There are wonderful cities , because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Pierre deep Sol " , " las Circles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Seville because I love the site and I suggest that you visit Seville .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because the economy is very strong .
nut , if you want I look at a not from you .
My best friend was looking for a person responsible for looking after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after her every weekend .
Would you be interested in this ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the future .
because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in a mass transport system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating because they run their own car .
but it can us a cheaper way to go to their destination , especially if it is far away from one .
For example , I think that it is unfordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane to travel to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be seen because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a war , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future . people are going to he more the cars when busy or underground .
If we think about it , the act is better because we do n't need to wait for them while we are waiting for the bus or underground , but in addition , it costs us more money than public transport .
By car , we can stay by ourselves , which can be good because we listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to find people that are unwound . If we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so not transportation are good and the care do n't end necessarily to end up with the public transport .
If I had to chose between both transportations , I think I would probably chose cat because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and economical things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compose in the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special rrashcans to separate the garage into organic , paper and cardboard , can and paper bottles and the also made talks and presentations about the environmental problems like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of all his projects is June , our science teacher .
al the initiatives have made us all over the years into a recognised economic community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . I choose it because football is an international sport . People around the world will love it so much , like Barclay premier league , Lisa Premier , If World Cut and so on .
I believe that 's all that will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they are amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little did when he had a break . That was : be a super girl !
After many years , he still dreams of becoming a spur hero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thought that this profession was more similar to being an upper heroes .
After some years at university and he met a girl called Kate and he got loved on and she loved her .
Kate was cursing the University of Fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael said to him to be a super hero . Katie was so nervous , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that it would never happen and that upper hero do n't exist .
When he said that , Michael started to cry and she became mad , saying that he was lying and did n't have heart .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
In the following ray , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they get to some of Michael , they fight again and Michael got a knife and killed him .
He cried with a long blood around .
Michael ran away from there .
Michael closed his eyes and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings many benefits .
For instance , we face subways in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by war is more convenient than than public transportation , However , it would cause more damage to life and to our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jaw will be serious .
In my country , tapped , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or met , how long I will take for school .
War is convenient for humans , but it brings damage to humans also .
For example , carbon dioxide , which is created by act .
It causes global warming , which threats the environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are serious and frequently water disasters happen in decided , such as typhopon , hurricanes , wild fire and mud lie .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
The office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments can be found more easily when this process starts right away
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are traveling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is to face the plans .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster motion , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a broad variety of things to do and enjoy the trying .
Although , the better option is to pack out a train .
There is n't corporation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest may to get way on some days and the the routine on some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many kinds of transportation . We travel by , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than you this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern society , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
If a project can not be finished without co - operations .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around us .
More importantly , parents give our lives and they touch us with knowledge and skill or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , families play an important role in daily lives .
The reasons as as follows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from our parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to the families , the ideas would come to your families and communicate with you about how to solve the situation .
All in all , in his case , families are the most important friends in our lives .
Computing technology has been advancing very much these past years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow greater with every development .
As we can notice , old and new computers are lastly different , starting with the size of the computer . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Old computers used to occupy an entire room . Now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a boy .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to many places you visit .
old computers only let you do route tasks , or when playing simple gates with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videos , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , watch or make video , invent no stuff to improve the computing technology , and to only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
And of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computer , download stuff , etc . Gin ethernet cable or tireless connection ( i - i ) .
get rest may
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make him feel miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for someone to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lives and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he talked about . So , as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house so i decided to follow hum to the house and i found out he was dating a girl the might be his girlfriend so i finally got an idea , i would drive him crazy must as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but soon i thought about it again and realized that if i did that she will cry to help hum and they will be more united , so i decided to drive the both crazy almost at the border of death , just as he did with me !
But wait a minute , Am I really so angry about taking this ?
yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind , I did it had no longer had control over my actions . I was afraid of who I had become and what I would do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction i would feel when i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
but I was so angry at him and so curious about making his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had a position I was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his like tutoring me and not eating me to be happy i would the time is necessary fo in to have a miserable life and i wo it step until i had accomplished my gold
I 'm not with this idea completely .
On the other hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient as you have the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic james are an issue for travelling by car .
My favourite sport
I count to be a football prayer .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television , I dream of playing in a year and in a big championship like the Barclays premier league , ligne 1 or Lisa Cava .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Read Madrid , were Donald Plays . Fro me , he is the best layer in the work . That is why Royale won the gold ball of 201 .
I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I won a Lit OS league in football and won the bets championship . The Uffa champions leave and the best score of all time in the uffa champions league is Christian Donald , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my purpose .
His dream was that he would become the next captain of a big trap and him a spot of money .
My name is Joy .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like personality childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of holding a basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities in order to make the competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and working .
I always since to people .
I really want to join this mob .
I want to play with children and see their smiles all day .
I think the smile is the but fit in his world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have a passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person to go , please give me a response , thanks .
Public transportation has been used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more , but some people prefer days to an extent we agree with and the reasons for that is what are we going to demonstrate in these essays
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were hot , even good facilities to move from place to place and that is because there were no companies to build cars . In about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fads at the beginning the faced a not of problems nut they were able to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities for travelling are convenient , from cats to use , even trains and planes . Some people prefer care because they do like crowded faces or because they find it sometimes cheaper , But from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster , but when it come to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their in cars to feet the real experience and to enjoy more by choosing out from crowded places
To summarise , it is different from one opinion to another . I predict public transportation will be improved and people will use it and more that , by the end , cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures , and with low - budget private cars in the picture , the scenario ddrastically changed in 10 years .
development of the giodiesel industry will be a contribution to productivity growth .
a scale of investment was brought for biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it bolt economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing growing domestic produce ( gdp ) .
If you are living in a town or small one it does matter , but one thing should be taken care of by the people and organizers of the town is the environment .
Global walking is an issue in today 's date .
government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we the people play a really important part in making it worse .
active and a god government understands the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
recycoing the van would be a good step to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfect and promptly taking a car to my city .
Everyone has to plant a the in front of them , with the due of the government .
People do not realize that cutting trees can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
In addition , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of a clean , safe , fresh environment in the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighboring cities take part in cleaning up the environment so it can be seen in our country .
Everybody has his favourite sort .
My favourite sport is football .
at our school or village football stadium I spent a lot of some very dirty .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I do 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
One told us he has a hard - working coach and he gives us professional advice on how to improve our football skills .
He said , must work and work very hard , if you want to get his results " .
I can say that a coach is an experienced person .
not so long , we are in competition .
The first place was getting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe , in the future I will be a famous football player in gems such as skhatwr or Dynamic .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts thus spoet:"you must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice to you expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have man you noticed in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was burn in te up so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I went on a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was not long ago . However , I still keep the echthyma in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be on the teacher course one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All the members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had to take care of my brothers and cousins for hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or his hobby for me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidate because I 'm not going to disappoint .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
because everyone can afford to own their own cat .
Besides , there are lots of low income people who ca n't own their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where your best friends can face each other and get to know each other .
In Taiwah , many people have to take care of their parents when they are old , but the point is that if you can not survive , I think you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know any members of my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malacia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's shy , I order all of you to go there and deeply the pleasure and have a try your own foot .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like a key chains , statue , or what rose memories to be made before returning to Malasha .
I did not want to go to New Zealand but believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I give sustenance , I would go there and bring all of you .
I mention a small city in east Sicily .
The local council wasn't a project for the environment .
People collect all kinds of rubbish and throw it all together in a black sank .
Although the council has begun to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
In the city , you can find many places where people throw figs , kitchens , " amant " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
the suburbs of renting could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and end in the background .
When I was a child , I made a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
but when I was a teenager I began to like situations that I did not like . For instance , the girls said me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years , I experienced the worst moments of my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmaster wanted to come to my party . I think this day was one of the worst days of my life .
That night I cried because I felt I had no friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and invited all my cousins and together we went to Aet Penza and gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
My husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has always been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh with him .
both like to travel around the world and to do some ports , for example , tennis , running or trekkimg .
We like watching the series and cooking several desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially David , my husband .
lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and more by day .
A busy life always compels us to use the fattest and most convenient means of transportation , which has made the public transportation system leg behind motor transport .
Hi us summer camps ,
His advertisement for gas was led by a suitable person .
My name is Marya . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I thought up the idea of if I worked in summer camps , I would improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer caps .
I am waiting for your answer .
hi same
What are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning and the students are friendly .
I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
The lessons are very fun .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying .
I love speaking English and I am a lovely , energetic and harboring person . Besides , I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
santa bqrrientos
Technology has made people 's lives very much . We can think different lives respect either our parents or our parents ' parents . example , my parents did n't have one , because there was n't any one in the world when they were young.butf it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the intwrnet.our grandparentz wouldn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although personal vehicles like cars are now popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people consider fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy is n't always maintained at a constant level , but someday it will be run .
People must find ways to use other energy sources , like nuclear electricity , wine power , public transportation such as electric metre use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy . Travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a private car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the work will be overcrowded . It will lead to other problems to be solved , for example , traffic james , serious pollution .
In some oerespectives , these problems are led by the one - use of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their car is just to waste their time on traffic dams or to gradually killing themselves by breathing diluted .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
Each person should practice saving when using a source of money to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport should all be increased considerably . Public services for travel have a bright potential and its stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Flex , how are you ?
her you were free for the weekend , had any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
think hope of those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these types of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at home . After in the evening , I went to the bench .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic problems , grants travel of better education prospects and a stable environment for the younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of the lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of brain - drawn should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimension and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on improving the infrastructure and see enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There is n't too much oxygen at the top of verses to breathe easily .
Jordan Rome was 13 when he climbed Everett in May 210 .
Mount Everett is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The tip was reached for the first time by limbers in 153 .
My friends and I , we play programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I peter all .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I dance in the parties with my friends .
They listen to music and can sing .
It 's very good .
Arson is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his girlfriend .
Does is the best song . He sings and talks in the party .
The other person is an angel , he does n't dance in all places .
He prefers studying at home .
Hello .
My name is Seven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I am visiting a secondary modern school .
I 'm in grave 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is a girl who is in my class . She is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes look like the sun .
but she ignored me .
I am gone , I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favorite sport is rub .
I like to running fast so fast . In fact , it frees me as if I run on air and the rest do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest . I like to do sports too .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that it seems you are running a little further and a little lore faster and them after 20 years you will be an olympix champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational , whether you are watching the news or a show about the world or etc .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television show .
If you 're watching Go & Merry , it hardly has any educational value .
although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a combine apokqlyspe should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching walking death for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a fkrensic bjologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
it is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not all redmunerated , I find myself satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed may have aspects like better sensibility , robustneds of results and the work required to analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
television seems to be a controversial tool .
But there is another reason : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the next few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great large number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
part of educational content , there is so much foul content , business advertisements and face information , that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programme still plays a vital role in the education of both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant where we cab go is " the sailor 's restaurant " .
her we can at typical Italian food .
The last time I was here , I ate the best penza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sad . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waters are pressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
The owner is a very well - minded person and I 'm sure he makes us a reasonable price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has a future .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to go to work or to go shopping , because it is more comfortable .
Cars cooperate with car missions every day and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use it on their own .
In addition , having a war is very expensive .
First of all , you need to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the assurance , council tax , ad mechanics balls , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport polite less than crashes .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the future .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
but pay a little old .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students to complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assisting the instructor . The instructor helped organize hahdouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygienic , very hare , but i have nothing to complain about .
I worked hare for two months , pay .
Your wage is paid much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wage , payment of 300 yuma more than the existing basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that the government wants to hell public transport , for example buses , trains , metre and more , for only one reason : the quality of life against pollution .
Traveling by can be more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for searching for parking and for the cost of fuel , and also maintenance duties .
In gig cities , public transport works well because there 's gold feedback by people .
Instead , in small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money , because fewer people would use it .
lawyer was a how who lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Thick , who they talked a lot and exchanged a sick for his teeth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl , James Beck , so he talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Beck .
Tom said to another girl , so she went mad and ignored him .
I was so sad because nobody wanted to talk with him , so we went on a try with luck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he spoke into the house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the gown went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom opened the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huge went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered it an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside , they heard voices , so they went and thick hide and they saw that the unjust god was the one that was talking .
The two boys heard the hat he was planting to save some money and kill people , so the boys set their adventure on stopping injuries ...
Hi , to .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your question .
As for your questions , I think that I should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotri " and " uzakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skills with them .
Recently , may South east adams have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to find a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathrooms dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all the bathrooms . Bug search already knew that he had left the bathroom , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what to leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my bath teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good morning :
This is a complaint about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I always do it alone . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar tear ports , and away I go alone . It is n't boring ford me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me or I do want anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to go with her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
Luckily the operation was found and I left to come with me , and from that day I went on my own .
Swimming is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the poor area , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like them so much because they like disturbing me . Sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who who know soil to learn , because I am pretty true that they like it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing , I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that that do n't understand anything .
but this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sigh , or act to her showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practise every , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
I 'll meet Mary to go dance , or do dance class .
It does n't matter if you go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . Its name 's Chere . It is a golden receiver .
It 's a lover dog . He knows his feet .
My oldest sister 's name is Cinthya . She is really weird to me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother . His name is Jose Louis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are good guns .
Actually , I prefer to pass my time alone . I work in the town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kate by ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
To work in our cafe , you have to speak English , of course . Maybe you know how to cook some type of sweet goods like cupcakes , can , copies or hrownies , the most popular food of this year .
Another thing that you must know is to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who will bring the customers attention and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because or cafe is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kissed ,
fera
We think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappearing . After that , we will be having wars .
In 30 tears , we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the north poor will have melted totally .
The temperature will become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying on streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of that , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to be free on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's view .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
Gold day ,
My name is Found and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , basketball and one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have used to play the spot 3 times a week since 1890 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this short are as follows :
1 make me fit and healthy
2 class gave no friction between layers .
3 it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I advise all rockies to start doing this short and they will get many benefits .
However , adults ca do it as well and they will get the job .
As citizens of a village , we totally care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clear the dirty pitch , sweep rubbish , then we bury rubbish .
while , we replying organic rubbish too .
from organic , we can take bags , hats and other stuff .
They can sell the income of it .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , she makes the earth rotate around herself and around the sun .
What we believe as museums is that we have been created by one who does n't have others with him , the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they her in paradise and instructed her to not eat from the free but te satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and ad set the prophet and messengers ( moved , jesus , ashamed , others .. who the worship the same in ) with miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are ere to do the trust in this short life .
Transportation is the head of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own vehicles rather than
public transportation . Day by day , folks are more crazy about their own vehicles , which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
Firstly , I agree with the given statement that there will be tough times for public transportation in the near cuture.becauss people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , these modes of transportation cover
as much as possible in a city area or town , which mismanages the routine of travelling by public transport . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available .
to competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous ways to travel like any private company .
which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result , consumers get more benefits from lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travel . In addition , many automobile companies dancing new war with unfordable prices which consists people to use and more private veil .
I go for a walk every month with my lovely two corps dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about it , people got so many of them .
in the pay some in the park are very busy even though the pay is huge !
Some people are very friendly same as others .
but people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
family is the most important institution of social life .
Many members have their own role and their boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his trap to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicefersa . By dfialoging and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits on social behaviour but also listen to others ' points of views to - arrange and update their knowledge .
other or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone gives his contribute to family duties .
Recently I saw the thrilled of Mokinfjay part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
The first moves were amazing ! !
a lot of action , drama and romance .
The first of this series , he had been wanting for his movie Science . The first movie appeared . That was in 212 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little sides to understand . In my opinion , I think it is love .
I hope people will like this movie because it is very similar to the story of the book . This is the first job that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . The actors in the first bodies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
hope you guns choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las part of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is karataev .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel i hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and srtessful day , I can relax doing karataev , because it 's the kind of spot that it is n't very hard .
Training karataev is a way to forget tour problems , to forget your throng routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to focus on his advantages in other sports .
Apart from that , marriage is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
To someone who sorts karataev , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we live .
Today 's topic is technology .
Nowadays , we use technology in every thing , from education to making clothes . We use technology everywhere .
Technology is always parading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is so influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in order to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately he had a set of friends they could leave him .
He pond me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money on the second day . He finished the registration and started writing the studies after a long time writing and did good . He went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found but there was a notice on the door say that the competition was canceled , he came back very sac and told me that happened michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chairs for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has a chair for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
Another transport mode is the taxi , like a car . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than the bus or train .
the VE or aeroplans as a god lotion for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a bus so it is more comfortable .
nikais19
5 may
Dear Diana ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Matas , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandalisme in parts has increased .
Unfortunately , when we ask somebody to not draw the walls , they do not hear us .
In our city it is very bad because when some new people visit pqtras that thing .
path is a very beautiful cut and for the culture , and for her monuments .
he to see that baser thin ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , the police should step up the vandalisme .
If we had police all around the city , nobody would dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
yours faithfully ,
Jsesyka Stavrox .
all around the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
They were eager to begin a life as adults .
but when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings dress their mind .
As a rule , after the last exam , they do n't know what university to choose .
what they will do in the future , like in a fog .
In this way , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
First , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first - work studying period .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , even pupils do n't even notice it .
Choosing the second education is a very important step , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly , such a day off would give future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sports .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volonfier activities .
and thirdly , they might work to earn money or travel .
This year 's holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting me power to future education .
One year is not a long time .
by benefits after year ff will be obvious .
I like to say Michel Almologan . This is a village in the municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the state of Mexico . Care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in care of this .
People collect the from their houses and wait for the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that is on the kioisk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible to date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could send me details of the accommodation that you offer in this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost even different option ? .
It would be useful if I could hang with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully .
rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a previous thing from the museum tonight .
He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
police reached the museum and caught rogers red hand .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . King trains is for convenience and low expenses , also to decrease the carbon gases which affect the ozone . People should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments shall enlarge the people to use the other was of transport , tis subject shall be issued in all media to lead and entree the people to he he right way fro transport .
Hello Esteem !
how are you ? I hope you are sell .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hordes .
I stayed about one hour with my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Mewndro del Madero .
It was beautiful .
and there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lost and at the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
On the wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very well .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we went to the restaurant with other people .
However , in the might , we had dinner in a parade and there was a party all night .
You should visit less hordes , it is a beautiful place .
and there are a lot of things .
and the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They use at least one hour to learn English a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see age .
English helps us read English works , but Chinese helps us learn Chinese .
only by characters Chinese literature dan sends off its brilliance .
To learn a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I went , last month , to a fantastic restaurant , Wooylpools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burghers .
woolypoosl is a specialist of real , it 's a real restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , respect mean , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem with the restaurant is the place . It is far from the people and cities , and the space is very small for lots of people .
In his , we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a lift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at the general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower I have ever had .
In my town , we created a small organization to a healthy environment , beautiful and to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this . The citizens will take the responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into the correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and slim stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time . You just have a life , not peace , hot a happy .
In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the journalist stays all the time having a photo , all the time , when they earning , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stays , if they stay with something important .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy but society has blame , because if they do not take a photo , they follow the lives of famous people .
So that , politicians and till stars will have to support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
How were you ?
come here .
Get down .
get in to the room .
get in to him .
Let us talk .
Let us plan cards .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Leg me go .
Let me take your shots .
Let me watch your house .
Let me allow you to enter your cabin .
Forgive me . :
bring that you .
bring a glass of water .
drink water .
eat food .
run fact .
stop shouting . do n't shut up .
Let us get a bath .
Once upon a time there was one little person called penny . He was really small compared with the there .
He hated to be like that because most of the people made fun of him until one day something horrible was inevitable happened .
It was dark and it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them in the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one could find one ... they started to get packed !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until there was a big earthquake ...
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
until the dawn all of the go , so they are sacred until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one found anything .
like they were very religious and they preyed on their sacred ancestors so they could he them in a big deal .
Something that they dron now was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors have monitors that watch the ants all the time .
on , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen knew that she was very confused , but at the same time , she got mad and she wanted revenge .
so they made a plan to display all ...
The next day , when they were about to start falling , they saw no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and penn attack them in their banks , making them to leave the place .
The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one will attack again and live happily ever after !
I have many favorite spots .
Despite of them , I keep on playing basketball . I always spend more time playing it .
I usually play basketball at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
basketful has many benefits , not only for me but also for everyone .
It makes me free , relaxed and unkind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fig and have a good body shape .
I really draw
by playing it .
When I have free time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near the sports centre .
I went back home and fell asleep deeply when I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why absketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of the population , agricultural land and forests have often been destroyed to build more constructive and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring may drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start with , there was a side range of troublesome that may have lead to this phenomenon .
convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all present day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
In addition , people continue to destroy more agriculture and forests in order to satisfy all their needs , which will history the exosystem diversity and bidoiversity especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above , various approaches should be adopted to deal with this problem : reducing building xonstructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
suwtainadle development should be awareness to all humans and staff to portent the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problem should be worked out to resolve before thinking it words and the governments have to face the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , and more English .
It is my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I have never spoken and learned so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not at the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
The car is n't the best way to transport , because it produces pollution . However , public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in the cities , there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subways . Other options are more economical than war . The problem of the car is that , normally , the can is occupied by a person . When the car is prepared for to party your or five people .
This situation creates pollution for the environment , so we have more conscience about private health .
I want to say something about the learning of the English language . is hard to get to me for the following reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish language , my native language .
I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the verb 's in the Spanish language . Just imagine the same if not in your native language .
The second reason , in the English stasis , the structure for construction of paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about the game .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 199 , Indian cricket won its first world cup and that changed the direction of the air in favor of cricket and everyone started to play their game .
I love this job because my favourite sport may be this game .
His name is Mr. Machine Rash Tendulakar , known as little Master .
Whenever I play the game , I always follow this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this me is up to the mark .
not on me bit . Also , every Indian always follows a machine for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 tests .
He has many achievements , like first 200 in one dance etc .
I love the way he played .
French , first they have to decide what they could do better , patting or bowing .
If the person wants to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , since and of batsnen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bar coordination , discover some shows which become a factor in patting .
also watch videos of sole players like Machine , Paul , Sit Do Freedman , Happen , Karay , Brest Lee etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , so also never improves health , lamina .
Dear ,
I am glad to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I dan give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l to have an impressive time .
The weather is neither hot nor bad all year , you do n't bring men 's clothes because you fan bug in here .
If you want to travel to his city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university .
This is a modern city .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There are many local fools very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends . We can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take a very long time to get in a mob and you do not have much time here .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Also , I think swimming dan keeps our bodies fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is on a day .
the advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they will not learn dim and also , when the age becomes lower it will be more difficult to learn little .
So this is the advice I give to them .
Dear camp director ,
My name is Side and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
and I am really glad that I am the person that you found .
I am monitor in the free Tile , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
Neither do I have a problem with working in a kitchen . It would be clear if I told you that my parents have a base .
Because of my age , evening activities are a problem for me , and I played many sports during my , such as socket , football , ...
waiting for your answer . modern
The city I love is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
organized share , where everyone cleans up the village .
All residents aggregate garage thrown into a suitable container .
helping to protect the environment to make it clean and safe , in order to avoid being jeopardized by various diseases .
In my village there are trash can , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
There are several places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone had to clean up after themselves and throw out all the acreage .
We have the ability to renewal energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also in primary school , were batteries and the whole school used sole energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment . Residents participate in them .
With residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that polite the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is much more comfortable than taking a ride on public transport . There are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always drip by to get passengers . That takes more time than expected to travel .
Secondly , the public transport routes are farther than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and has no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance of becoming a victim of theft and pocket picking .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a hew war and foe the adventurer who wants to have an exciting trace for then to see more action .
like looking outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan , which you consider a fast and safe public vehicle .
To sum it up , I still consider having your own to be way more says and convenient .
public future unless they have project to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
with , extracting the minerals will be harmful to our environment .
the breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my neighborhood .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it would all probably disappear if developed equipment were set .
Next to go will be the extraction of the valuable minerals , which will definitely lead to air pollution .
three had been an example that the other town is polled by the process of developing the minerals .
No one can say that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but to the least , mineral extraction will turn on to be a profound influence , especially , on one 's offspring .
To take my friend , mayor , as an example , her house was over - developed and became a strange place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , he has no lithe memory of her childhood .
And the problem is that some people will consider the mob opportunity that it might bring to us .
Thanks to mineral development , people in our hometown will probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is not crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , gazing at the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extracting the valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
limiting cars on the rods would cause the disappear too .
The fossil feels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
The longer we barry our heads in san , the warmer the earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cases are not flying .
Even if it happened , there were many people who could n't get far , because it was too expensive , to on fro buying fuel , service and so forth .
boxes are more simple - you must bug a rickety .
And what about trains ?
I saw about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I went to see a blue sky and not the stream of days like it was in the film " The Fight Element " .
brandon ackie
parliament house
camera at 25089
the 26th of March 201
chief executive officer
Carlo Albert Madero zaragoza
dear cadlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of the mistake . We had a confusion about the number of ai conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
because your order was confirmed and that the order was n't in advance , we could only finish 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in inventor but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it . We will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope to keep preferring us .
yours faithfully .
brandon maxkie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malasha . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 shillings in my family who are take cafe by me all the time when parents are busy with their work .
During school , I liked to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with other schools .
This is my favourite port .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy being forty and the only hand in the kitchen .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply the summer came with my full commitment .
Contemporary art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is well known that many art orators and artists believe that contemporary art is a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy view of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time his is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive is still the old , like picasso or freed .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at actions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
experimental art has taken the world by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would not be possible to stop .
So now we have choice and an infinity of information available at any given time .
with his state , we now have an idea of how artists create .
These sorts of days were held on a sports ground on 12th and 13 th November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got the by meeting .
I arrived at the sports round at 70 a.m. This war I 've been in the 00-mtere race .
On the first day before the sports day begins , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative passed the porch and we sang to them .
After that , the day began formally .
At 104 a.m. , the air 's grade c 100-metre face started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my hoisemates cheering and the wind passing my face .
Those few were very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got number 10 but out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already tried my best .
At the end of the month , our school announced the the four houses have got .
my house which got number to temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to get the championship .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the enter - class relay race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I implicated my class from winning the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by war is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , his affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of care in the world that polite and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best that all people go to the place walking and running on the other it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to place in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world alone .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on out pipes remains quite a dilemma for the ignorant .
First of all , tourism is a toil that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has developed to such a scale that it is now quite common to commune from one country to another .
The existence of multinaiohals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of localisation , since a traveler is only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important role in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Grieve or Bulgaria , in which the economy relief merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . People become more careful about their historical sides . This means preserving transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
at a small sale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists to teach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or aid .
Through the development of tourism were born bruises and train vacations .
One upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tier was the Mon James Mania of 25 years old . The herder killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they will them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion , James John , 27 years old . His dad died because in a conflict with other animals , he caught an infection .
He was fig because some things or someone drugged her on the leg and dropped it in a cave her other animals at her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went to all the places he saw them even he walked and walked even in reverse , but he never found them .
The 3 daughters there were so different from the others .
The first name Mania Junior is her name . She is a cheetah . She is 9 months old . She lives to run and she is the fattest of the family and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter 's name Elizabeth is a jeopardy is the most intelligent of the family and the eldest of the daughters .
I am 12 years old .
other animals give them rewards or bombs because they discovered that water is liquid .
The last daughter was Anna , who was the youngest of the family is January .
be stay sleeping in bed and doing nothing all day .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that over work .
One of the animals went with me and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something else than say , sleep .
the end .
Hello friends ,
I know you are searching for a coat to live in for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home , I read a journal with some advertisement .
There is a nine flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with a shower without either and a cool loving room .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is really cold weather !
Write to me soon
alesha
Hello rise , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up your music classes .
You have had classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in hours of free time you can still play piano without going to the classes .
This is my opinion and the decision is yours , so when you decide it , please send me a letter telling me about it .
love , lines .
Hey , my name is Joke and I 'm 21 years old and I think ill would compliment the summer camp very well , because of my good manner and very open to kissing , so they can open up and speak .
My current joy is being a nurse at the local hospital and ill can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then they can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and small injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June , past year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revive months as at some , before going to school , as at school , before beginning the ram .
When I started to head for the tracks I became agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and finish that test .
but I finished before time , I was happy and relaxed .
I always aid that I passed that test and I was sued for that .
and this is true .
I passed the test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your prize .
I would like to go to a new artist falls competition , although in my city there are n't competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already paid for the tickets .
My favourite short
When I was three years old , my agency went skin with me .
At the beginning , I went to the childgarden and they showed me skin .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime , my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me with knives , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was old , I could better my area was:"snowboaeding " , but I should learn to smile perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream got tried .
I went for my first time snowboarding and I loved it .
I took every free minute to ride snowboarding .
That was the story why I went snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you driving down the sister .
You are like a bird .
It is the best feeling in the world .
I am very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like winter more than summer .
Snowboarding or saying is the best sport , everyone who went had other thoughts .
Although it is all the time in nature and when you are lucky , you can see animals .
It had been a very long and boring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly .
Everything was dark .
She one her eyes and the first thought that she saw was black .
a dark my without stars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She felt step again , didn't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
If sue was n't awake , why n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really fustrating , not to mention that now I had to talk for almost 20 minutes to get one and go back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
He knows her way even in the dark ; she goes to the software a lot of times , especially the last few hours .
The development of the human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in the twenty first century we had various options , like plans that can fly loud , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough that we have all these options .
However , if I had been given the option to choose between all of the , I would sa plane .
There are three reasons to choose this .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of misses in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time .
Second is safety . Compared to others , the chances of accidents are less .
That lake makes it safer to travel by plane rather than by train or boat .
The third one is comfort level .
plan is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of the means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level . That makes plan my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to save money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who attended high school .
Young people want to discover work and travel to read places which would be understandable otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in a guards and its name is o munro .
There are a number of people in the each .
Later , I was very old and I could n't swim , then I placed a football in the sand of the bench .
I took the sub for a very long time and then I went to a cage and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? is his claim or not ?
Will we see on our roads public transport in 5 or 10 years ? That is a really interesting question .
I think that it all depends on the development .
We can see that more and more people prefer travelling by far .
Yes , I agree . If you plan to travel for a long time and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in war . First , usually spend less , your travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop everywhere and for a long time , as you need .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that this is a question for everyone , and the answer ca n't be one for all , because someone can use public transport , and economy by his not only money , guts and the environment , but so people do n't like us put . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to tarbell with another people .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing streets with enough people
Hello Lata ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Ashamed and I am 28 years old made from the kingdom of the brain .
I go to the gym and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep the environment non - polled and valid of life .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increasing the number of tries and plants and punishing the person who cuts them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guide the people and giving them inflation , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Leo " . I go there a week . It has different food from any restaurant . I 'd like chicken crisp with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me and my favorite appirizer is stage and in order that desert i 'd rather " badge " cake with chocolate sauce i feel in at east when i go there i enjoy classical music over having a lunch about te service it 's very good and all staff are respectable i ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts i advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hyfiene really it 's excellent this strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices were jot expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sorts in the world . You should put your body in the correct for to throw the ball to the other side in the fame .
I been twelve years playing volleyball and because of it , I know a lot of people who helped me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because I am with my team and I are in another world , in which I can be free and happy . . Apart from this , when I am bad , this is a distraction from university .
You should cry practice . It is so fun , but I suggest you are not ready at first , but you have to intent many times like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get off from my work at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 am .
I often go to sleep around 12 am .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not pay .
However , I sometimes do shipping to fit myself .
Michael woke up in the morning and he dead the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
The notice was about a competition .
The competition is about writing stories .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good , but Michel did not have any idea how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent the story . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He id n't put his name and address .
Yes , I think we can entertain and exudate , because there was a comedy .
Also , there are a lots of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you learn new things about the past .
remedies are so fun , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts have talked about this question and there are several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted by the timetable and you can only use the transport at the moment that the timetable requires you .
of this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves when they need to .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to make the most use of cars than public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
His skin is colored red and grown , red dots onto of the green to be more precise .
She does that very day after school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
His skin is colored rec , just like his father .
Deaf pay !
I haven't written to you for ages but I was very busy because of the exam at university .
What about where we are in Brazil?as ? You know , my friend John asked me to join him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like a staff .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , for foe musicians and things like that .
I got two free r.i. tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we went there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!ctowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , ut only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked Tit , it was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
john
The advertising is evefysite .
there are adds on to , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the internet continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many much on television , but , is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we saw had a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content , but his is completely necessary .
Here are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
The To is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the message in this way .
In addition , behind one addition there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
so on . There are a lot of things in to but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I making his choice ? you clearly ask ? I love the sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very low and you rarely stay near the sun because you will be burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I like to go to the beach and sunbathe with my friends rather than having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the darkness of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colors of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous .
Rear summer calls ,
I saw a tour advertisement in the US and I 'm very interested in the position of chipdminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I have to work in order to pay my yes .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in my native country .
I consider myself really active , social , well - organized and , above all , patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this joy as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a life experience because i would meet jew people and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
yours faithfully ,
teres wysovki
It had been a very long and firing day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important to him because he had trained for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had made many achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from term and set up a party .
Tom wanted me , his girlfriend , to come over .
She was really proud of him .
I was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his life so had .
but he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He rates that she is always her .
That is the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When I came she looked gorgeous .
and when he saw him , his she started to bearing faster and faster .
but time 's up .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
I looked badly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his some .
He followed and apologized .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
then he hugged the herd .
He said he loved her and missed her forehead .
He had to stay with him because of ... his baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He he never acted like this .
He knew that he was to stay for the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and started to take care of me .
One day Mr was feeling really sick , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
and he was right .
I lost a baby .
Tim had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
I was brought up all day and I could n't stand it .
He had broken up with me and it made her much more sad .
He got rid of the card .
He thought it was his fault that she had lost their little human .
Gliding in the waves
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in Fool because I was n't able to skin at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved .
If you do not have a good summer , you lose the bog part of the pleasure of enjoying the water , not in the sea or in poorly .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to lead the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up on things , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
introduction
This report will examine the different activities we do in our leisure time in castelldefels .
activities to kill tinel
as or town is well - known for one jagnificul reaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the olympijc canal of cstelldefels , may foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsuring on the bear or canoeningh and aquatkc skin on the Olympic canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most extensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially foe stories , adventurous and young people .
Other ideas to have fun
In castellefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper . For instance : free grammar classes , beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities , there are library groups , theatre ...
As I said , the activities are mot as popular as the activities of the olympic canal and the bench , but the success is increasing more and more .
recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the latest .
If you tried all the activities , you would have a great time in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
Now are you ?
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the nest may arrive at the salon .
You will come to Zeus airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside . Thus , it 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
you have to face a but because it is more economical than taking an xxi .
We stopped at the salon bus station .
When you get the bus , you should ask someone for the spring street .
It 's near there .
You can all come to my house .
Moreover , I sent a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and go to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
est rewards ,
mary
Der Sedgio Garcon a ,
My name is Guillefmo Seville Tarred .
I am an engineer of execution in mines , entitled to the " institute professional Virginia games " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of chief of operations at the ne underground project Chiquicamatx .
In the first place , my qualities and professional kills terms to meet the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new technologies his great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsible and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is very outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " miners el tenienye " as shift manager , chief of operations at " minora Angina " and at the evaluation department of codwlco projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for his position .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further ado , I remain yours .
Guillermo Srdillo trrez
Nowadays , there are are people that are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people learn it , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinafional companies that require people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learning the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today , globxlization is bringing the world closer . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the desire to learn a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
a letter of complaint
julie camarillo
Montana avenue n2
post code 102 cceres
august , 23rd 201
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries , mode 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
One north ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 on your online subside .
I have a mobile mode nikita 114 which needs battery mode 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have a mobile phone I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express poor .
The delivery error has been made by you , so this time , it should be sent with a free delivery .
If I do head from you within a few days , I shall be formed to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to head from you soon and have my batteries as quickly as possible .
yours faithfully ,
julie camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the used in the active leisure club in the last tie .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are here relatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak house and the builders are everywhere and ready to give help .
However , there was only one thing that we disliked .
with the purpose of attracting people to join the club . . Besides the good points , I would highly recommend that they arrange the time suitably and they hour the activities to avoid problems .
given is a diagram introducing the procedures for making bank notes .
Designing the bank bones is the first and indispensable step .
People should decide the background colour and the network while they consider the security issues .
When , killed martinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third section is to print the prepared bank bones .
Usually there will be 50 people people power chest .
The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink also the images will be slightly raises .
After that , it domes to the most significant stage , that is inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets are still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to disputing and distribute the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distorted .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Though it seems to be said to make them , people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank note for everyone .
A better place to live
beginnings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think he could get letters or love and he found a solution .
a concerned population
While youngsters spend their time trying to get concerned the modest people from the village about the importance of care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places , making an attractive lace to give than we used to have .
was recycling
Local authorities held this initiative to create some place for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycliny center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
the results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People are worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of the planet . Green planet is called .
We want a happy earth .
Hello his black ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " hew cloud generation " project .
So we need help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have high team work skills .
We also value that they have specialised stories in cloud technology , and losing management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't fine enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( remember that I work from 8 am to 6 p. ) I suggest we do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I never you to prepare some profile that you think the staff of the new cloud generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than I told you before in that e - mail .
Please , provide me with the information as soon as possible .
igi owed .
Dear pay ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concern ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very side men . Because of helping them , I had the best clothes during the concert and I have their autograph on the newest record . i said n't have many duties and some of them were unpleasant .
In general , I have only one duty that is checking the quest list . Above that , I had to help with cleaning up the area after the concert .
but that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll like each other and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
love ,
doninika
report :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the new course that will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmatrs there were in class .
They were not only really clear people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning a subject in English .
Second , the teachers were really good silks to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
this way , we made the most of ourselves and never gave up on improving our English level .
Third , phone classes scheduled on Friday came really in handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's class .
This way , we have been able to meet a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practicing .
To wrap up the report , on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
yours faithfully ,
klan orozco
I am keen on cinema . I love to watch all types of movies .
But , what films are in my top 100 ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storylien that is to the 100 best moves .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think the settings are very realistic and the actors have a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama lovers watch Hazel as its message will move you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Ashamed El - Samoan .
I am 20 years old , living in lost - said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd grade of the faculty of medicine at said university .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing judy for the past 11 years with a lot of seizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in his field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of world health organization ( who ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Last years , I worked in many places , such as a pharmady , a restaurant and a water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in life , so I chose this program as I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for the incurable like cancer , axis and hepagitis .
I asked myself time , what is the aim of our life ?
and what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do anything at anytime . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries for work . Also , I have attended a couple of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance of experience which will help and inspire me fr the community services and development my society as i hope to cone back and teach others what i learn .
I am writing with reference to the post as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I saw your avert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the loss .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I conspired myself to be quiet , patient and fun that , in my opinion , are qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a team .
I do like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vital with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately owned days ?
To be honest , I am not are .
Although privately owed cars are lore and are popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport will be the means of transport of the future .
Many people today realize that in our cities and in our plants there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based feels all do not last forever .
I would say that most private care is not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to regret to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is mice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
but it is going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even cars .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . to
The price of independent transport will grow dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the mice old train could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they are totally unable to remember what they have studied in the last semester .
Students would receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because after a long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because long vacations will let students get used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because of one difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students would receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
more reasons and details will be shed on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students all forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history class , the history teacher has to repeat teaching the history of North America before he starts to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
It is wasting time and not efficient .
Next to go would be students get used to relay by having no study and homework during the long vacation .
For example , when the smelter starts , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a log without learning English , you will forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementionsd , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , lore - - efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to plan it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I played soccer in different areas in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all my problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the rival traps and we choose a strategy to win the prize .
When I feel bad , I feel nervous and my partners give me their unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a probability that you will be healthy .
So if you are starting the sport you have to do it because you really lie about it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to practise whatever spots .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In his , you had to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awezome apart .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York City .
On the flight I was very happy because I got a foot .
The fight lasted approximately five hours and I watched beautiful moves .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long island because there he gives .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New York I eat so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhatgan .
My uncle had the aaesome idea of going to Niagara falls .
We went in a car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrive at Niagara Falls city , which looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do with being tall .
I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take too many photos because you visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too . We like splints .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because sue said they do not see me frequently and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places such as Niagara falls and Time Square , received presents and especially sat in a lot of delicious rooms .
Most attending universities are from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodation such as shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living cysts , where most students have a low income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to rent apartments to live independently .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learning now to share everything with others . waving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , nd because it all be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Maybe years ago , I shared a friend in a room for months during a course outside my country . These days where the worst in my life . He was dirty , speaking loudly all the time and did not pay the budget for eating . Living alone all ran me the freedom to live by the any that i choose and still friendly with all th others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me
Although the federal government , which is decided as a role us , has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The importance of federalism , which is more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is always good for the lecture when it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states admit the marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even if the federal government meets each state function independently , it will control the main decisions .
In this case there were some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of the federal government to stop illegal immigration to us through the Nevada Desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal blue each other in the increase of unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , the federal government , which gives freedom and is powerful , causes problems , such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and pleasant at the same time .
I think that any trip is exciting but also have its frustration moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican fold instead of critic about spice favor .
People say that on every voyage people suffer different moments of the trip : arriving , getting away from the frustration of an unknown place , getting alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arriving home triumphal .
In order to enjoy a trial to Mexico , I suggest that the person travelling find a way to get alone with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other cities .
As an example , if you are able to he alone with your travel companion , you could enjoy each moment of the rip , exchange some pictures , dance together , and visit places with common interests such as museums or walls .
other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is to enjoy Mexican food .
Mexican food is a log of lasting fish from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people who do n't like spiced food and also , most of the time , could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to see to prepare their feet .
As advice , I would suggest you to wear fro fauces with lower pepper .
In this way , , visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offer two important advice for visitors that are come to my country : try to get along with their companions in order to be friends and try to enjoy Mexico food because it is delicious !
After the internet was invented and revealed first on August 9th 169 , social media sites ( sums ) are the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
ms such as Facebook went of 700.000 messages , and 10000 sweets are published on twitter every 60 seconds .
Surprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use facebook , twitter or sums in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of rallying .
This essay will force on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and twitter , and also comment on the potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and twitter .
The benefit of being being connected locally to faceblok and twitter is the messages can be transmitted almost instantly to the viewer .
Firstly , facsbook and twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and there their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , jokes , messages , eyes ) ( olfmeadow , wine , & power , 201 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on facsbook is interested with others in sharing their goods , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , faceboopk ca be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their same interests through the social network .
( Emerald group publishing , 201 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through twitter .
For instance , by following famous parties , people can easily see the daily activities which are posted by them .
However , thus , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a potential to be purposely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
However , information which appears on gacebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racism comments .
First of all , people can past racism comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of the Hunger game was released , a van posted an onset racism message that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by back person ( each and schon , 201 ) .
because of the accessible information through sums , it has led to any problems involved with cycle - pulling , cycle - barring , cycle - talking behaviour ( krishna , as cited in williams & mere , 200 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(213 ) reports a can of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
x " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on care of talking harassment , treapassing and telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and twitter , and saw in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to view each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than having to call them .
The possible outcome might be the more time people spend on sums , the less communication mills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their future to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be done by adding mode privacy lotions .
However , despite the benefits of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoiding using them most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using faceblok and twitter is that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily deduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because facebolk and twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like gacebook , instagram , interest , etc .
photographs are included in all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc .
as a college subject
His practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without the kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students to apply better technique in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
the reasons
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years , more than 3000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations of lifes(teenagersd and kiss ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technology in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of aft , so it requires the knowledge of special skull , technique and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
A bright sun was shining , the snow merged away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They sing funny and build heir nests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clock forward one hour in March .
The Summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days come longer and the rights met shorter and laughter .
We usually set our cooking back an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one you more .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Although all spirits help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or it .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
Do you think that your lifestyle will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
To down different kinds of spores you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those requirements ?
Then you know jockey is the saber .
Hockey is a spot I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
to have to train a lot a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
on the other and I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 210 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely yelp you to grow and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you going to start seeing it with other eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport medium for environmental cars .
In spite of people making enough money to own their own car , electricity and hybrie care are more expensive than traditional ones ( the lines who use gas or diet ) , so , people choose these ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to real with .
environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kissing too ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the cot missions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social needs .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional had , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will lower the few on public transportation . That could allow people to use public transportation and protect the environment from cot missions and prevent global warming .
In Colsada city council , people are informed about taking care of the environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
There are many economical islands .
each of three or four kinds of bind and they are not as far as two hundred merry .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Panama side .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners must be to blame .
Since 200 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the cats and they will emit less air pollution .
Organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is packed up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
a problem which is caused by us , human beings , with their goal of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quality in the city .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth it .
We are in a cottage and we have several bind which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits were given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister asks people to do with things they sat to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that things and things can have a second like .
As soon as the last river ends , the southern order of Egypt is hers .
Te Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
All historians , research , scientists agree with him .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization among the huge desert sharp .
All the time the nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile land .
The Egyptians called their country ' black and ' to mark it off of the ted soil of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nine has become an important transport line for Egypt .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to the dry or met period .
They know when it will be the ' green night ' or ' red nine ' to stock up with clean water .
but such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has two negative sides as well as one positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the loss of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the pain after arterys of the country and can hardly get clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developing , the government will pay attention to the etiological problems at that high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of doom , in Milan .
but doom is not the most important thing .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the colosseum .
For centuries , the building had been the symbol of his city .
It is ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists who come every tear .
It was built in 79 a.c. by To , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Moreover , the navy was represented in order to celebrate the female army .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are fond of it .
It 's or strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this , moving means transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in swaying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient means of transport , but many of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
First to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and comfortable for all classes of people in society .
variety of bushes are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy were some of the disadvantages .
Similarly , traveling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford to travel by car as it is costly . buy to discuss the benefits . One can enjoy high privacy during travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that tapped is crowded .
There is no denying the the met in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there is always such a ruined person who has no public awareness at all .
They occupy too many seats , including priority state .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , they just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing seats for the elderly is also a problem .
Priority seats are preserved for those who used them , not only the elderly but also some adults who used them .
Somehow , not all of them can identify whether their bodies are uncomfortable merely because of their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats .
Moreover , some old people would take this consideration action for granted and they would even command young adults or students to offer their set without manners !
In my opinion , transportation in the city has nothing to criticize except .
Everyone should develop an awareness of public manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
It has many benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to have cultural experiences with others .
to can act as a catalytst to get kiss reading - following up on to programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work has been adapted for the programs .
television can teach rods important values and lay lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other ruptures in people .
documejtaries fans help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
to can help introduce youth to classic films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
television has negative effects : first of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television do less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialiozation with other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and in small - businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advice until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after sales with the aim of customer satisfaction .
I also worked with large and small tears in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I worked for several years in the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work I have hoped my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , firing and implementing practical and easy solutions .
mon - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementint practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multivultural and dynamic area .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting others ' points of view together finding ways to deal .
I have been working for the same large company for 25 years . Now is the time to change and find job opportunities .
need to work My husband has been loved in New Zealand . I want to find a jew job in Holland to rejoin our family .
I like sports such as skin , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a safeguard in the summer studying for the patent paid dive master
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can deal with the world .
When we see all these cars in our hands , when we stay in traffic jams , we think the one thing we will have to live in our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
but , probably , his situation is only period of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in the sphere .
For instance , Goose reported about googlemobile .
Maybe , rooms will be able to drive more smart then people .
If they contact each other and use goiglemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
so people will be able to clear traffic .
Not all people like the idea of googlemobile .
Some people think it might take way heir independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a drivers anyway .
and people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact on the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
or do you war to be a polyglot ?
Today it is much more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are fe reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
Second , fr finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing at international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a high salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily find out that our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life . They forget to protect and cherish the earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the earth high and others .
The higher the temperature , the worse the giving quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we would have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water , people 's bodies all become weak and rough .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be lore fights , hatred and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , hut fans do not find the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Friends , from now on , let us be the members to protect and take care of our earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceived , that the truth was broken , heads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is the sky to survive .
It is just something that I have to do , not you , not he , me .
I did n't choose that , this job had chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of bench safeguard assistance which I advertised .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the university .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to share all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you but
yours faithfully ,
sebastin hernndze
In our modern world , many people suffer from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people work in a very stressful workplace and they want to leave from this condition in the holidays .
Therefore , it van be said that holidays are an option to renew the spirit and revive the spirit for people .
In the holidays , people are away from early problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lines .
For example , walking along the seaside or swimming on the beach can be helpful to forget life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can review their decisions on holidays in a more accurate and helpful way .
For instance , in stressed life conditions , people customers make decisions about their future .
Besides , people underestimae emotional feelings in their workplace .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking about spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays , people are betting closer and remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they have never seen in a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and would .
They can pray to god and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects , they can become happier , because people need to leave the material world .
In the holidays , people have time to review the mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away from modern life that is full of material subjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of in cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote his movement because they consider it a means of development .
On the other hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic james , noise and pollution , as well as lowers cot missions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues , such as the increase in danger on the roads .
statistical cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than traveling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting set when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle in a strong wind , freezing weather or having to deep drink in hot weather .
From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people riding cars do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subways .
and his undesirable time might not be so short during holidays , due to a less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive to or to a place where public transport perhaps is not able to reach .
When the road is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially for a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is old for the environment compared to private transport .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less war exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhaust and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saving lives .
Second , public transport waves city space .
as more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays cities have become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space of each person has become more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport every time traveling , I suppose that our streets would become a farming place and everyone would spend more time there .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a sense of spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages to public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice in every situation .
e.l. , it offers less flexibility than it was , and is less environmentally friendly than a bicycle .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their prose and cross and choose a fat on .
Languages for the future
Should I learn other languages ?
We live in a world that day may change and people meet to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are are reasons to learn languages .
It could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has become something essential and very important in our lives to find a mob .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I think that it ends up being hard and far away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
A Francisco favor not bidoa , 25 - 4 - 201
dear us summer camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as baby - sister and I took care of my 11 - old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp and I have already prepared a lot of activities , like " rapping " , paintball ...
For these reasons , I think I have the silks for the job .
I am contracted for a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for the job , rtodrigo
Today , I went to my wine home with Diana in the afternoon .
We eat delicious food and play interesting games .
We had a great tile .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Wine 's house .
First , we listened to some songs , such as Almost and Big Big World .
After thirty minutes , we had news .
Wine loved eating very much , so I could easily find food at her .
We had mouth watering strawberry cakes and juice apple juice tea and they were extremely fun .
after having ta , we played hide - and - seek in the wine garden .
Adrian and I were behind a bench and wine looking for us .
Suddenly , nine fell over a little stone .
Adrian and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Are you okay ? " she asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was founding since I was worried about wine .
I have butterflies in my stonach.'yex , I am fine , ' wind replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adrian found a plaster and left it on wine 's wound .
The wine felt warm inside and I smiled happily .
I felt glad day although wine hurt herself .
why ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
The house of the future will be big and bright .
inside will be full of convenience .
big pieces will be divided into new bones .
relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen zone and so on .
In houses of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in very house .
television will be careless , as it may as the current internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can be expanded or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an olympic sport . It is an individual port so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy tearworn when you participate in a swimming competition .
It is a spot that requires a of of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at an age , but children ca start to learn swimming as early as two years old .
Swimming has different types ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reaction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmati patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antayw in October .
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
At the concert time , everyone will enjoy themselves , but nobody thinks about how they are preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's job , but at the same time , they are just concerned with their own subject .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
At the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not not think about the concert , just do our job which would be given .
When we were arranging the concert plans we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checked songs ' volume and lights .
My job was checking the songs list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of my fingers .
They always wanted to change some songs which were on the list .
At the concert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because they gave me and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like start .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird which was flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please some and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
Wee you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
regarding advertisement , technology has a huge , and always positive influence on outdoor advertisement .
from black - and - whole axis posted in public places , we have moved to practically love being surrounded by outdoor days placed in every available and imaginable spit .
from buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advrrtisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
I'm sure that in the very near future , if I look for a restaurant in Mallorca on my computer or mobile phone , on my way to work , the bruises I will face - which , of course , will be screens and not printed paper - will show image of mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with malaria in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it can even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
the way , it feels aggressive to enter a square or place and mind it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures are displayed .
An advertisement might be considered an , or at least so pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they look their artistic side .
But , technology is for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bug detached house in the suburbs of Artery or vlsdivostok .
so that I can live more freely and independently .
If I had his house , I would decorate it in the modern style .
I would build their fitness grm , a wardrobe room , a swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to set up a barber area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skill to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to please my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the proverb goes : if you want to learn something well , you need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skull , if you do n't learn these important technicals slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach will teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choice on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That went on 30 years ago .
an explosion of channels arrived at our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually reducing
In our country one decade ago , when digital arrived , a group of new channels flourished .
all tried to get several licenses to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve the dome deficit budget , today there are mainly two groups .
Less channels means less voices .
The internet is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who is watching this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
You must click on it .
They have to reduce their budget .
despite hanging channels we see the same mews .
by broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to deep journalists and cameras all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
summary
To is king .
It is hard to compete with the internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a coutndown on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express my interest
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-tear - ole student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I like travel .
with several trips to many countries I have until now , I would say that I have some experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find a way or to find myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to use this grip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to play this grip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
but Anna found John to help her with the balls .
Dan to give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It would be helpful if you would a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
be wishes
too magos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get outside of the airport terminal .
There you will see bus stations in the street .
When you get there , take the bus which was number 111 .
The ride to the bus stop , " zlin " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll call in the morning to tell you where all we meet exactly .
But if I were you , I would take a taxi because the underground is quite voting , buying it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as it is usual at this time of month .
That 's way you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a related moment to do work better than before .
First , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot fast while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made feet , and a good ida is for mains course : naked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white hair , table and wall . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and i think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I would like to go to foster Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
You can eat the best burgher you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they made and took it .
These burghers are my favourite find because they are amazing .
I can not see how they are because you have to taste them .
It is a flavor similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a high smile on your face .
You might want to come another time .
However , if you do not like burghers you can wat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in modern life .
More than a million people use buds , taxis and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Maybe it is us cars .
Although travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is because most petrol , diet and gas is quite high in most countries of the world .
while travelling by public transport can cost a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . people can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
as they have specific routes across the country , rather than cities and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above , because in the future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even better for our environment compared to cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their firm versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's that while you are reading you are getting pieces of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different views were the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading whenever you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in a company , the best way to is move .
because you can watch it with friends .
as many people choose moves because they like eoundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important to me .
I suppose that books are better than their film versions .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her husband .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were young home when the girl noticed a cut over a shop .
She had blind hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''mum I love this dol!dould you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Her sum was n't cent to her , so she bought it .
Every girl had so many special moments with her dokl!!thdy looked so adorable . Together , they were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she her to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
right she heard some creeping noise from there ...
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand.''bell , way you are n't planning with me anymore?are you bored of me?juzt because I have only one eye?butg you removed me from the other one .
just because I do n't have one if my glives?but you did it agaim!''she screamed .
and then ...
The next day , going to her home , her mother wanted to see her daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentebce,''shy did you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
just you to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis jacket and some balls and a person to play with .
Although you should be good at playing backward or foeehand , you can rose finally .
This spot is not about a physical lower .
You need your brain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
as the other sports , tennis is getting more modern and commercial .
I play professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skull , helps their physical health and so on .
You can start if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either you find a professional coach or just join your friends .
enjoy !
war me kate ashy ,
My name is Andrew Cocci . I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us , food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for white and cooking , and sometimes I cook laswgna , past , penza and many other specialty in my country , and I was assumed in any famous restaurant .
I am also good at dealing with people . In fact , since I was younger , I have done animated in the summer damp of Lpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
Also , I was also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in his place , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 j.m. . It was difficult because I said it all day .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
andrew foci
essays
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the prose and the reason for studying English abroad .
Is it really living in your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is thus that going abroad can open new joint of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English speakers is always a good thing because they will be able to judge how well or badly they are doing .
Besides , it will be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be sure of achieving your goals at all , so it will become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
If you do it , there is always a solution , which is using the internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some chat rooms online , such as side and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports ; handbills , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not of these . It is a sport that I had never imagined : football .
All my life I thought that football was a spot which was for men , for girls , but once I tried it , I looked at it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to find it a little uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to integrate me when they played , and nowadays , I live playing football with them .
not , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to being with girls . I never imagined that I would going to be so keen on football , but it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you go to play football is that you have to be ready to reactive some inches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " the English On " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service was excellent and the water was so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is small , so all the glass could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and copied , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fresh .
Twelve got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salad , past and pizzas .
The desert is very good too .
They 've hot original ones , like sweet Liza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of ice cereals .
This restaurant is too expensive , which is effective for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shipping enter , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
During their whole lives , famous people , such as politicians and flight stars , and the media accompany them .
In my view , public people deserve to have their own life , without photographic .
On hand , becoming a public person associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligatedd to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought of be jealous .
notice a kid of failure .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and have an effective influence on society which masses celebrities through the prim of journalistyic documentary .
On the other hand , men of stars old their privacy to earn more and more .
The value of their talent and abilities count in the number of tabloid scandals .
summon up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the firelight their lives .
It has been very useful for a long time , Nevertheless , nowadays , there are people who ask if public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people do not have a car , they are new to travelling or going to another place and a car is very expensive .
The car needs to be repaired ; besides , if you have a can , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people red to have public transport for traveling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is much lolled .
If you use public transport , you will be less pollution than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , cars can be parked in some places , such as the old city and the city centre .
seeming , people are aware of global warming and worried about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I have gotten used to walking around my city and my cat is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
take an example of mobile technology , your latest hands , its latest configuration become outdated within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people lines will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important thing to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology have taken great leaps . The internet and mobile phones have made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at our finger - tips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in new places , gorgeous maps are always there to held .
We need to coal English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of ay words on our mobile .
meeting people or selling your products , you do need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platform .
Today , life has become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand , a number of terrorists , global warming and greed have become top challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes our to global warning , causing natural disasters now and when .
terrorist activities causing havoc in public life .
corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a toll . On the right hand , it would be good for us , on the other hand , it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to her concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your webster and I immediately thought " that 's for me , I 'm the third person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering who I should be the right person .
That 's soon said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field .
I 've worked as a social train and as a teacher since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planting events .
When I worked as an educated , I used to plan and manage some ports and outdoor activities .
I have very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my site .
As he requested , I attached it to his email .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that the thought it helps children 's brain to develop . It is important for them because there were a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to see the interest in my work for research or goose information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
in the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life , but no doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialist with people to make friends .
The more people you will meet , the easier it will become for you to make friends .
When you find someone , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do have to agree on everything you say by they should share their veins about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business and money , sports , culture , education , life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for dogs and donations to help individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinions freely .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There were also a huge number of commercial advertisements which made the readers bored .
Overall , the Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are mary and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of boris
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching or reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgdts become very useful for your life . It seems to me good opportunities to make one 's life easier .
It also makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using table computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books . A pupil can not say that he left a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
Some people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe hat it is a useless thing for or generation .
Such people were sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tables are useless .
We should use it but we do but not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
The big mistake
His ay was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when the told him that he was pregnant , he just frowned .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and doubts fame up on his head .
oe part of him was really happy , because being a father is one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
but somehow he could n't feel anything .
All that he felt was anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just too wrong at that moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was too wrong at that moment .
He could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kissing and family and he said that he would like to have a kiss .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the mews .
It was a big miss .
He was more than happy and he could n't handle this mew .
They were not new that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much of him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning , I am going to talk about what my lovely sorts and why I will enjoy the story .
In fact , I do like to do some sports during the daytime , but if I really need to do some exercises , I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think the swimming pool is clean .
Such as after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like big sun and sans .
Third , swimming in the ocean is the most dangerous .
However , I like to swimming during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before and kind of spores that we would do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it , we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any spirit . We have to choose one kind of sport in our lives and almost all people need to do it , as we ca not stay at home or work all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go to the show .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that acres are located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sleep , cows and pegs for centuries in spite of the bad weather conditions , such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational sue of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on clearing green dress in different places in or around the town where citizens fan speed their free time or doing sports .
That 's the reason who it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parts or recreational areas .
Finally , the law has also improved the management and treatment of the waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who are really concerned about the recycljng of waste .
In fact , around 90 of the the inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it to the fellow , grown and be container in the street .
and that is the negative point , these ulsters are visible in town and it would be advisable to change the does we have for underground ones .
I wore up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscape , and the ones that do it will be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyway , it is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the house , just me .
I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't heard about the explosion is because this part I love is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish were the explosion hit .
Finally , in a couple of days , I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
We were so incentive about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some find was missing somehow .
I think that someone days some of the food at night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gun na to enforce the last .
The next morning , I ate a piece of meat and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noise .
I stalked him and it seemed that the guy had a up .
I stopped him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just head . It was adorable when he converted into a big weird creature .
He big my leg and it was not . We tried to alert the others but it was too late . it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eating friends and friends .
In some ways , she robbed the feet in the night and I signed up it was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of bow am going I would do it because I have to face all of this .
Doing exercise is good for good health .
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75 of the people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is problem number 1 why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise , your feet do well with your serf and your body .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while going exercise .
Today there are no different types of exercise . You can do any sport , like soccer , basketball , basebaol , or you can simply go to the game or do cross or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends away , but you also need some skill because it 's not easy to control the ball and double to your rival on the field .
I recommend you to do any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about public transport which is disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport such as box and underground , you have much more comfort and sleep .
There is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of the Scottish government ( publication " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old not explain  - I prefer going far , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . 
Although they may have positive points about private cars , they eat negative things .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive .  - on my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
 says a 17 - 22 old .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to the sign time , there were a lot of traffic accidents which occurred in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars eat drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they drank , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic has decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
from this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
topic :
Do you agree or disagree " always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
disagreement on always telling the truth is the most important point in a relationship is my opinion .
Even though being youthful is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or employees .
It is better to tell a little white lie at the moment .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes might fit the occasion .
People usually end up not telling her the truth since it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of being down , people may praise her with other things .
In that case , they could still conversion without bowing her mood .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private , since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to take oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just get acquainted with .
If there are questions about things one does not go other people to , they might say a little white lid , which usually does matter too .
If I had a day to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people to ask details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closer to the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we were not called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
The door was n't broken into pieces or fallen down .
My curiosity had put me in big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things did n't happen as I hoped .
I ended up getting expelled from school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmates ' wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointing at us firmly and without giving any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one day later , the headmaster found out the truth through act , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
It is because the teacher has a based mind .
dead us summer camps ,
My name is Biahca Padobesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I 'm the right person for this mob because , firstly , I speak client and clear English , which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relationship with little lies . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weakens and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always aware and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kiss to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping , which are important for the kiss development .
I am very good at cooking gut because I never gave up dedicating time to that .
I think if I managed and learnt how to do it , I would learn very fat and could dominate it .
That is a hood quality of one . I learn things very fast and I also get used to doing things .
I am very excited about this job and I look to your reply soon .
bianca
day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter we built and wrote on the wall dear to the shelter " safe on " and if there was someone that needed supplies he would find some supplies and army to survive .
We started our journey and young in the forest . There were a lot of # posts on our wag . There were various people that were sick . We would n't do anything except foe , keep going . I was seeing my little group # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , i was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # geneva was actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that held everyone that was in my # skeptics and I was really positive about it notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hand it wa # conventional to help the entire world but i do n't want to she . while i was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group on of those guns we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walker .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what had happened to everyone . The # battle against hunters started . Everyone was hungry and we had dated everything in new days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nitritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy . The wax no walker inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to neck us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
by Private traffic in this town is yet more present . As a result , that turn is the town of fiat , the known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you have to live .
When you have to pay the telephone an energy bill , you can do the in any tobacco hope bear to your home .
If you like shopping , in the erimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items from the many great factories of Europe and above .
Like all industrialized countries , a connection to the internet is granted almost every area and each building .
In the end , the taxes are present and they over all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry , deserve to have a private like , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a beard between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be allowed to delay and take private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveilkance of people who wait to face pictures which show them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , his is a part of Caleb 's ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some invioplability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like a normal person , not famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a do for a wall is shocking news for people who road tabloods .
To my mind , they do not believe cells are such normal people as everyone of us , only with more money in their bank accounts .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should be given to them .
The made runners
I recently watched This Hew Calm , based on one of the hooks of this world - known author .
As I have an interest in tillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this firm .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-ydar - old boy who keeps himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious made .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the means of the made .
He took the role of a runner , the person responsible for exploring the maid and looking for an sit of this place .
Still , they only have daylight time to explore the sea , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the may .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenalin while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing basketball for 12 years now and hopefully many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that tall or small . Anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably miss something . Each contact happens in less then a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in a amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , and seed the energy on the floor and head the noise from the crowd you 're missing of .
Personally , winning such a meeting makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , it harder , past and met better , and serve in different ways .
I live in Jew Eltgam .
My area is very clean and very green .
The people there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to love .
one time or week on Wednesday , rubbish is taken .
Of course , cabbage is sorted into different bind .
It is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes a recalling .
One of my neighbors in the same place collected cabbage .
very careful about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the garden .
In particular , spring is not of colour and pleasant doors .
However , lethal have beautiful paris where you can relax from the busy place .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Back War restaurant , a typical civilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Ataxia located under the ten volcano slopes , and I thought that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms , the smoking rook or hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cheap , the waters were very friendly and information .
As I ate with my friend and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina best . It was very tasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty burst per person , so this restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal be a little expensive and I will no doubt be back to other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our society since ever .
Connais , heroin , speed are some examples of substances the rally we know all of us know .
realization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that the measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
imagination his like with the illegally of this activity .
Also , this illrgality is guilty of the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when entertainment becomes an addition that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
but we have to be responsible and make very clear that it is only something exceptional and not daily life , because it is very dangerous as people are not able to set deadlines for themselves .
Finally , retaliation of drugs means that the would be table and we know how the taxes work in the country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shroqo ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Arabia . I 'm na be able to see you after a long time .
But unlucky , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can take me from school at 130 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight onto Aojameah Street when turn right beside the farce of Ka University . After getting down from the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
so excited about seeing you !
Bye for now .
nous .
Dear les ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it was always fun and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see la sagrada familiar , which was billed by Antonio Gauze , or la Algebra in Grand , which is one of the seven wonders of the world .
In Madrid you have to visit some museums , like the Ring Sofa or El Pride .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit cqbarcenos national park in Cantabria , which is like a little salary , or Doran national dark , where in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spain , I would spend one week in each place , and I rest in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to wear warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
adrian .
Bath Simpson is my favourite sectional character .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is four years old and is a typical American child .
He his yellow skin and bad eyes , he is bonded and has gotspoky hair .
Bart always wears a red t - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Mary is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always misbehavong .
hid from his parents and the school principal often punished him .
Bare is an energetic and clever student , but he is a bad student and he nates needs .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he hers his sister when he needs him .
In the Simon family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , the part is more fun than homers , although not magazines say that homers are the best character .
It was a dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't be out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on earth could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to play me a visit during the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter from Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the test .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although I had n't met him a single time , his letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand ponds , to be precise .
exultation seized my mind instantly , but my son began to worry : " what will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about where I have been staying for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they were very dirty by nature .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
so called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the betterment of their town .
All the households near the public roads throw away dirty things easily and they are n't bothered about the order of the municipality .
I see all these during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and side surrounds .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
People are now serf - centred and very narrow - mixed .
though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Mrs. Ashy ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at the weekend in your cave .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a tourism student and I need to work at the weekend to pay for my studies .
I worked for a year in London as a waiter in a hard rock cafe and 6 months as a writer also in bafcomi 's cafe in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , costume care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fire , hamburgers , Italian past , etc .
I am also very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint about Sweet !
I have total availability at weekend and also in sum .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please find attached a copy of my ca , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to giving you the opportunity to work in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for our time and consideration .
yours faithfully ,
Marya liza Castanets del Avuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a major issue .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the ones I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decade , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting hours in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by other means of transportation than the one provided by the local government .
There are countries were gas is so expensive that people choose to pay us rather than pay for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the use of people use it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where there will be it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fact - - - - - and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a US .
it 's but near your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weight , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , you can find it easier to take public transport .
and also more enjoyable : you can read by listening to music and looking around , or read newspapers and boots .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
Traffic can affect cars and bushes at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster than bushes , sometimes busy are faster .
speed trains are always faster than cars .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cases are not so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there she prose and sons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by war can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
informal letter fo can ( part 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at an international company that organisms music festivals , I can assure you that it will be great for you .
I am not sure , however , that this will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such an activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I have to translate a good number of tents , and also help English tourism to et around .
though if you are looking for additional work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
davis
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal it it , the sooner the better .
For now , one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is alike , not Angina .
The one he dates is Angina , no making . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump any just like that . They 've been friends for years .
be 's not and .
and he has to stop this without hurting anybody .
So yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angina happened to too in to borrow a lighter or patches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having Sez - perhaps , at the time he was angry at himself for not having balls to meet the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Kaluga 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
and that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he i n't realise that .
only after , when the angels left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your webster .
At the moment , I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and , as a councilor , it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scut camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
I am also an accomplished sportsman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified safeguard .
I attach a reference from tkmasz jzworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully ,
xhz
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
I want to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it . I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language at work , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially methods and electronics . These are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at joy , so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to enter this school even if I know that it 's very difficult . The Imperial College of London is one of the not important universities in the whole world .
puerquitouf : a great experience for our mouths .
Nowadays , it is difficult to meet people who enjoy food as much as I do , because of the calories , the lips they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicomte .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' the puersuitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day started on an important date  to day !
Tacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed clambering al pastor and drilling onions , accompanied by old hearts .
Puerquitour is something to share . The second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
again we raised taxes , but this time they were special .
One of the places is Faces la chocolate and faces are gourmet there .
It means that they have different tastes of todtillas , vanilla , strawberry , chipotl , normal , and walnut , among others and salts -tamarimd , gave , many , guacamole , etc .
that dance did finish with the spirit . After a walk in Reform and a long pause in the Independence Angel , we went to the movie theatre to watch an art revoir while we and corps .
Third say was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and the attire of the waitresses make you feel in the 50 's .
La papa guard , which is located in la Contest , offers baked potatoes with take of famous women and lovely drinks .
totally recommended !
Ma Azur restaurant , in the north of Mexico city , was the place for the fourth day of puerquitlur .
The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are dreaded shrimp , fish filled and shrimp al pastor and coronet water .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more faces . The place ?  el asqdero hidalgjense .
You have to be starving to eat a kolcajete by yourself . It is just too much for one person , so if you eat it for breakfast , it is a good lotion or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a bitter of beef .
almost a week in Puerquitour .
The sixth say was to celebrate Magna 's final test , a friend from school , who already presented it to get the master 's degree ; and the farewell of vicomte , who is already in the US , and that I will go to the up .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in kemelas out .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like a headache but bigger and very delicious .
the desert ?
if cream in Tepoznieves .
because we were almost with a good in us , we spent all day together .
seventh say started with a really nice breakfast , bouquet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores .
The plan was to have dinner at a militia gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at el huequigo , the traditional al pastor special accompanied by black beer .
The last day of the ouerquitour was accomplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy puerquitlur ! ! !
These first two chapters , extracted from great expectations by Charles Dickens , introduce a young boy known as pp .
This child has ben raised by his sister , a mistress , and his own husband .
Sadly , pp has no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular lid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Lip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a man who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would want to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
In the past , I felt sorry for him and I would like to find that his studies had a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the real protagonit and the wag to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the rendering .
Actually , the narrator is our character , but telling the story as an adult .
and the author does not try to describe the prptagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not give a description of the protaognist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of room he could , and he would come to the thief at the battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the character says .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he has an omniscience power .
However , his power could be analyze and describe situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a holarious way . Imagine his father as a square , stout , dark nan , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstones .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapter , when he describes the an who stole him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the rgaveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the personalities of the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we know that Mr. Je tries to make his husband and her brother suffer and she is worried more about what her neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in their own house .
The narrator describes her as a woman who has earned a good reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
We know that God is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , east - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters take is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogue of each character is not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the chief who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters are usually taken with short and simple sentences .
For instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Artery , was more than twenty years older than me , and and established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having that to find for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Je artery and I were both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogue is simple and shorter :
" How you look here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're going to be let to live now
What a full is ? "
" New , sir . "
" and you know what the title is ? "
" Yes , it is . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
pp uses a rich vocabulary , causing a loss of mental serbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the dialogue is written exactly as it was said .
The third said " who 'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it look realistic .
notwithstanding , this novel is narrated by the protagonistg .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without falshback .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about them .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The thief disappears , and the first chapter ending makes us think about their meeting .
Therefore , I do not know where the story will end .
too many mysteries and just a few facts ca be read in these charters .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
Probably , the thief will probably probably probably take lip to an unwonted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where pp ends as he starts , at the graveyzrd .
like another rico in the wall , another tombstones in the graveyard .
I would like to have a story without a tale , just a regular man who did while he was learning to live .
Obviously , his would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting one adversitiws ; if not , it is an advertisement story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was said when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She found out she was adopted when she was 7 months old because her parents told her about it .
She feels bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to know what had happened to her biological mother and why she had run away .
After finding the adoption papers , she contracted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and her contact phone number of sera yielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before he had the courage to dial that number .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did n't say anything , and could not utter any sound .
but then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They greed to meet the new ray in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is who she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The not exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us filarial , my best friend .
but I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Madman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the third say , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , and at that moment I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple person , he was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and winging his dogs .
When he left , I was sad but all really happy .
It was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
l'albero , the penza west of Ilya
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is l'albsro pizzeria , located in the Helen neighbourhood .
When you go to the restaurant , you know the penza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs of the worlds next pips .
The pace is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu . It is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far , I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the rose wind salad . It 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bows made of penza crust .
As a main example , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their penza 's . All are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian penza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices were incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 Europe per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in sublime
His report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from different countries .
It is based on a survey of young people from Whitehall college as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be the temple bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities , such a museum , a cinema , a very large green garden and many tubs to choose from .
The Johnnmie box pub was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a once in one place .
The open cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2d and 3d and a discount for students on Wednesday .
The Dublin wax museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that the national botaxnic garden is the best place for students to keep and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and maybe places to visit depending on students ' preference and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching spots .
Sport starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
In this , not sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athletes ate good models to dilate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idol and to follow professional sports .
That means the will to plan sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , young ports also reach priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve a goal and practicing regularly to become good at something is also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are a good rule model .
Firstly , sport had become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
His ca lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play all and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustinbly .
For example , some take drugs or beat in order to win at any cost .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good rule models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sport .
Dickens and the Bronze Sisters used the dame style : a realistic style .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London , while the Bronze sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronze often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protaglnist of the study .
This relish is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he sides pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the bronze sisters use a realistic style laced with romantic and gothic elements , like chronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologixally complex .
His graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European countries from 199 to 2004 .
of the given source , the overall fish and mean consumption ranged from nearly 60 adams per person or week to roughly 230 glasses per person per week .
from the 4 sources and , 3 of them remained in a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
only fish consumption showed little changes during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the sane level of 52 grass per person per week .
Both lake consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 99 and 2004 , although there maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 frames per person per week in 199 down to just over 50 rams per person per week in 200 and beef consumption fallen from around 230 grass pe person her week down to just over 120 grass per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which was stable , climbing from 150 grams or person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is evident from the grape that sole seconds declined , others those and on remained stead consumption over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Terrified :
My name is Dmitri Uvarov .
I 'm a posdtoc at the Russian cancer research center .
Our pay works along with Alexis Hervieux on his studies again .
Recently he has visited Moscow and we 've been having a conversation . I mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work in a professional position abroad .
and since my great interest is to develop my stills in microscope and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with alexis and your own publications - all support the suggestion that working in a tour lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master technical and research skills .
not to mention the participation in pioneering studies .
My own work is dedicated to the studies of changes in well - cell contact and in action cytosksleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earlier I had a publication in plot with a description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of act bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thereafter , I studied accumulation of carious satin - finding proteins and action informs within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the cubs - mb conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm also preparing materials for the next publication .
yours faithfully ,
dmitri lavrov
u.s. there are my ca and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
diary lavrovf
u.s. there are my ca and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Luck City .
I visited Hugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the city , through its beautiful squares and parts and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Hugo worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Will , which was declared a protected Unesco world heritage site in 2000 because it is the only Roman will in the world that is complete .
I think that the sea is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
If luck , traditional parties and festivals will take place .
Among he lost important I ca mention son Droiln and luck .
From 4th to October lui holds its wan froiln fists .
San Foriln is a festival of national tourist interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional galicia costume and folklore .
Another important festival in pago is lupus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Hugo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can see a circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladoators and Roman emperors .
I recommend you visit Hugo in June because Lupus is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and roman lice and lupus .
Pago is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the septic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the more nigger the problem is .
The town is the second largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
city x " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal saw establishes a due form until 1st July .
desire it , there are new plans to increase the green areas and devitalise the town .
The city is thriving on implementing measures to achieve the council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluaying the council 's echo - friendly proposals .
In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garage produced during the years 200 and 210 more than doubled , 86 of it discarded inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " recalling worms " program on the disposal problem . "
city x " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7 of the cabbage production to recalling factories .
The recalled factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20 better than last year .
The program represents 2 of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
the city as projects such as the " keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in public areas .
Another important one is the " let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the number of green areas within the city by 150 during the last years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and commune areas .
a later crucial activity are the " green communities " , currently carrying 38 of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sections and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycling rubbish .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the used report of 212 and also in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " recalling worms " problem is caused by this law of training , which ca be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is that if you work , you can find a job and save money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
You need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You may find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will be like in science - fiction movie .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and roofs .
We 'll have an opportunity to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
The amant - garden and futuristi projects of houses will be the most desirable .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or gloom .
So then it might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of modern art and it will be hands to describe a shape .
And what about the interior ?
In service there will be more machines and elbows with artificial intelligence .
They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting ford a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to meet with you someday !
To make sure you get the position successfully , there is also useful advice and information you might want to how .
At the interview , leaving interviews with a good impression is of great importance . There are some tips on how to do it .
First , dress as properly as possible .
businesslike shots and toes fit in well with the form occasion .
suitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being pjnctual .
audience have to cope with a tight schedule every so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's law somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with intervidwers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about your company as you ca up front , you really make a change in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Plus , he 's able to communicate with others and take on new challenges , so he transferred to the salt department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the attack record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
lots of love ,
irish
Dear Si or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the US .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working . I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforemenyioned position .
In addition , as a teenager , I supervised a wolf cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised ports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper cases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summer working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement even Andrew 's outstanding overall performance .
Yet , often , being lovely and respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should give up hiding sell - confidence , rather than end up attempting to over everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistake .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social tends , population statistics such as a , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strength and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and do some strategic to attract them .
For instance , if my gap was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategics could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on glitter and facebok or to offer discounts for somebody .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses would prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering a discount for family groups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to see an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not last , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure my marketing plan succeeded .
and you ?
Have you eve thought about how you can promote your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there ars no doubt that natural gas drilling rings , natural gap pipelines and underground storage contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural fas industries equals new jobs which are profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of shale gas will create low new jobs in very different branches connected with gap industry , For instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shake gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy mobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgroath in a number of positions in astronomy and hospitality fields as they need to at and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamic of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in astronomy and the hospitality sector as well .
The Kosciusko institute conducted research which shows that poland can benefit from extracfing and developing the infrastructure of shall as
Greece is an amazing country that people visit annually .
When planning their vacation , tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
choosing where to go in a Greece cab and as there are so many voices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy reaches crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
believe it or not , Athens is one of the beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis museum and the district of Mohastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last but it least , create one of the most spectacular islands in grace .
Other than having beautiful sandy reaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parts there , which are extremely fun !
Summit up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although deciding where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the dam or if a few days will be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery .
He made up a plan to study all the books we had and to go through the emma klux , reviewing them twice .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
of the had warm and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my surgery final .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have gotten such a high score .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when dams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethira of studies you haven't finished and are included in your dam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I had insomnia right right . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores .
Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be ovary stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I get a high score , I assent that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before Sam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but he will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will help a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced lying and memories that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much effort .
So , having enough time to memories and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having days to bet prepared . If you want to bet high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one would aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the chance to replace fossil sources .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't good for the environment .
The carbon dioxide missions are very small .
The biggest threat is the explosions .
However , the technology is revolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fossil sources .
energy which we get from the sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most important thing in nuclear last is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we need something that ca or all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a log of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lie is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific ocean .
Lump was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 153 , as " ciudad de pus eyes " .
Coma was a multicultural tradition , where it coincided with a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like Mestizos , European peruviams which are the second largest group and the minority in limbs includes Armada and quechua and faro - peruvians .
lump is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the stay of pure - hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " backs " .
The historic centre of Limb was declared a world heritage site in 1898 .
It is a it that keeps its history through amazing architecture like balconied , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; El Real Elope , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colourful festival because you use water , paint or talk to we your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " la mariners " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la procession do senor de los milagros ; their astronomy is another extraordinary nd wonderful example about their symbols , pike mazamorra made , el disco sour ( wine ) , el cevifhe , lost pivarones , etc .
Lisa is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can see a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
archaeological sites , reaches , valleys , natural deserves and the exquisite quinine give the capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in limb is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lisa is a spectacular and charming place to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The paine hand might give quite a great offer for you .
Firstly , the of interest is 3. , which is quite good .
In addition , if you open a sing account in hand , you will feel a diary as a gift .
and you do not need to lay down any annual charges to have a credit .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
and all banking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Royal savings bank , has many branches in the up ( over 650 ) , so they can do all bank operations on the spot .
But there is a service charge for owing a credit care (  12 a year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first - time account in the phone bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
down operations by phone are actually easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Face care and see you very soon ,
yours agineszka
to : gml6@yagoo.cpm
from : os7jm@yshoo.com
subject : an important thing to do !
My dear pale ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gage 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Marius Bone , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my rare when the phone sang and I answered and they said they wanted me to feel at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in the sound recording .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with you my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
yours ,
ionut
I have been skin for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic but it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skirts use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skin on on .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the short , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little I improved my skin skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skin because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skin is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of vigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preference I 've selected above are accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in business .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I also participated in various group work and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lectures and even professors in order to receive a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preference I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the equipment necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - auricular activities .
I am the president of the business students association ( has ) , head of ( senior prefect boy ) and captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech government scholarship , I decided to do some research on the Czech Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that the Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities provide high standards of education , international recognized degrees , modern courses with outstanding facilities , safe and affotdable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is the lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeriz is now a joke as teachers and teachers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Siberia is not safe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenge of university life , academic , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passing for extra - auricular activities and community service , will make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the czech republic scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a health - leaning environment for all .
In conclusion , I dan assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and education to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more way than not .
A Do is man 's best French
It is a well - known fact that people need to communicate with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into society .
They find solace in someone who they would feel comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
Do 's personality is one of their best qualities .
always friendly , bubble and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when their master is sad and react by muddling up to it .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
and that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These hairy four - lagged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch out for their human family .
So if they sense that their own might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that might have raised it .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not hard to take care of . Bathing and growing do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These posts need a few talks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in shakes and end some physical activity .
So having a dog could also remind them to live a wealthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they offer to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their pay , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " OS Law Adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we started with a firing assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I had enough to finish the exercise without having any problems . However , you may need to train a little more before taking on the activity .
Rook clinging was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to get the summon .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeinhg . You are likely to be scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity , trust your trainer , since they are highly qualified .
to up up . I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy it without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , his centre is really worth a visit .
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
santa .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since she left Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
but I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holiday I had to buy myself a planned ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my friend had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet , so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sur / Madam ,
application for the post of chief Chinese editor
I am writing to apply for the post of chief Chinese editor listed in jobs on 26th January , 201 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Long Long .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonewse and makarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publication industry .
Currently , I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good term prayer that can or will with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
yours faithfully ,
When I think
Education is a limestone in life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parents are disappointed with the educational system and institutionalized education . They spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
although homesxchooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
homeschoolikng should not be considered a would - die phenomenon since in a few countries : the up ,
Canada , and especially the US , can boast .
Their are loss of countries that do not
accept school as a legal alternative and others where it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to freedom
education Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
educational and emotional freedom supports this alternative way of learning .
Homleschooling may all free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family like .
homeschokled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestjgious universities .
Now though , before homesxhooling your kiss , you also have to consider the same number of roadbhlocks :
The law of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ends up bringing a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homsechooling as a wake up call for education
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
as traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and blended learning is the future .
geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be taken into consideration while resigning houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floors , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings should all definitely be on the drawing board .
built with recyclalbe or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lost by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylight and solar canals on the roofs , which are more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to minimise comfort and energy efficiency .
urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by explaining some new areas .
Maybe it 's building a castle in the air , . Houzeboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace that would otherwise be wanted .
Although people would keep pulling over how to modernize their houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need an arm , a rosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
catch it or lose it
The alpha and the opera of a good team is trust .
That 's the most important joint if you want to play handbills .
You will be able to throw the all blandly to your teammate and he will catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real tea player ?
Handbills is one of the most dynamic spirits in this world .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
His shows how rapidly the game can change .
The lost ball can make your dam the older of the game .
I started to plan handbills when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but in the years it became a passion .
What I love most about the sport is the speed and the unconditional spirit .
If you want to play hanball , just be sure that you have a good trap and do n't forget the fun !
triathlon : a famous short throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of playing a short .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a means of relaxing , we find doing a short as an effective way of taking the stress off our bodies .
In fact , we see many people flogging and cycling their days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these being the most popular spots amongst tales , many more are as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and logging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near somewhere instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I van choose the location that most phrases and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to do it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some oats in order to deep motivate .
You must not push yourself too far .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or mot .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gal year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
but that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this gear is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many tens who take a war off end up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might have gone out as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a mob .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all leaned and know for short that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Limit . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying for my fourth and final term of a degree in tourism at the university of the world heritage City of Acres , which is located in again .
In my third year , I did my internship as a redeptionist in a four - star hotel for 2 months and a half in Bafajoz .
I already have skill in listening closely to customers and quid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good gleam prayer , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have an intermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , other than discovering new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You can contact me through f8hj2sulo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 59 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer gales of him " is a fantasy story written by J.r. Talking .
set in England in the first centuries of the middle ages , the story is about the adventure of miles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chtysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , time becomes an independent king .
I liked this story first because I love fantasy stories , especially Tplkien 's lines : they bring me to another universe , making me forget everybody 's life .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of party of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights seem fearful and incompetent and clashes are done with words instead of wagons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
deaf or or Madam ,
I am writing the letter to apply for the position in Ruza summer camp that I was advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in educational institutions , or in social care .
I had recently graduated from the social science university in psychology and received high degrees in both my reaching and supervising courses .
In addition , we had to have a year of volunteering in supervising environment in preparation for or finished assignment , so I am able to be a member of your well - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four jungle sitting .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In recent years , I have worked in the scout organization , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cold with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I am a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in a southern environment .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully
luhomir sawicki
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people love , to see the your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that everyone has acres to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartpyones , computers , caps or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is jot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from other humans are .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully flexed researcher and academician .
To fulfill this dream , a per degree would be the essential footstep .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my work on theoretical and computational chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my pad research into the development of transition metal complete which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetic material and as phofonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find analytical chemistry and environmental chemistry are the most interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
After my pad , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of university of bursal .
there no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly . However , public transport is still with us .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic james , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use public transport .
but what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... when you travel in your own car you are independent .
You do n't have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the bow .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more at your pace .
but think about the costs .
think how much you pay for petrol nowadays .
consider as well how many days you have for vacation .
Maybe cheap railings are better ?
being back to our everyday life .
Most of us live in big cities and face problems with traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Well , you do n't have to worry about the parking pace and you can read more books on the way to work .
simple , you can use the way you work as an additional means for yourself .
What use ?
After work , you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the colony is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
way of using the first narration ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand who others think , but in this friction , the author invites us to know what is inside the madman 's mind .
feeling that the main character was talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it really happened .
Acting the murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
Do you think the author is creating a word of horror for his readers ?
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of hewrtbeats .
First , the scene that describes the murder makes readers n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
It must like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Then comes the sound , the heartbwats .
In my opinion , heartbheat is the element that pushes the whole short to the climax .
Every time heard the sound of a heartbeat started arousing , something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time , when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the morose .
At the same time , the geartbeats also made the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think he was the author who wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman by his intonation .
the whole story except the end of the friction , he confessed the crime . The madman uses an intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp contract for the calm and cruel , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
shivering in our hearts , the horror increases .
" Let 's go to forget the variety of animals which are found there " , Ma told his friends one sung afternoon .
When ll wa set , they started their try to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around , trying to find different types of animals , such as birds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the green hen , across the fiver , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grzss."ehat 's that ? " , xx said aloud .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal wazs."it 's a der ! , its leg is in a trap " , mix 's friend shouted .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Because of this decision , people good courage to open the tea , but fewer did n't jump because their legs were injured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the rivet to give to the deer .
max cut a piece of his t - shirt to cure the animal .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
After the day finished , Max and his friends returned feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . An amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into best that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
probably not , but there are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to have their private life .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their jokes or because of their sfandalising private life .
If you decide to become famous because of your scandqlising private life , it would be silly to complain about biting paparaxzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' it is not important what you are talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrates follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
The real problem starts when a journalist is not a celebrity , or its friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel in contact with famous people 's children , that nay have a negative influence on their emotional development .
you about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , making this born like .
and when the paparazsi says that there is nothing interesting in their lie , they just leave them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
and then they understand their duty is to save their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who lies to a person , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in the lesion called " las fichrras " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good old and funny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the easy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown without asking ( because we had finished dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
To my luck ( or not ) , a friend the day after that told me that Shed had had dinner at " Law Fidheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , the restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower price and good service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" pistol y corazn taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
They gave us " nacfhos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
We closed the " tails " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tutuila to finish our visit , confirming that great places still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : thank you for your time and your help with the article ! ! !
Second of all , how are you ?
and also , were are you how ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better . I 'm settled back and I 'm up and dunning , even though my injured sprain ankle has gone worst .
Last week I borrowed ankle support and sole crutches , so overside then it 's going better .
Furthermore , today I have finished my 15-dat rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , altar was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
the course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough , not one of the only other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Lata with a smile and a warned up heart .
and for that I want to thank you once again .
back some , everything started fast . I should have gotten used to it by now , should n't you ?
So I had n't time for much .
I have been totally immense in looking for jobs and in the translation of a scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit of disappointment , both of the feeling of him meeting his expectations * and of the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yes :/ ) less money earned that it will man .
* sorry , I 'm on na ( abuse of your native language ships once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be gold enough , pleasure up , take the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
there again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
from Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get back to him ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things one . plus i give a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed to !
The two - day , one - night trial with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitations for my angel , we would have on for a short like .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have set a to cf , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
about the pictures from rqmla . Could you visit more time ?
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( from all the things that I need to sir out , I was ( and is ) definitely a priority .
Do remind me again , . if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( please ! ) .
Did you ask Marie about the speakers ?
because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gun na go now .
talk to you soon , like .
received a big hug from ( yes , finally ! ! ) warm Spain .
Globe Darling and its consequences in 201
The guardian 's article " The world 's climate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1 of warming " , published on the 9th November 201 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British met office , 201 is going to be the year when the limestone of 1 farming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences for the future .
The world metworological organization made known publicly that 201 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil duels .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the un summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the el - no climate phenomenon .
Stephen Beecher , director of the net office 's handle centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperatures or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2. This opinion is also represented by the British secretary of energy and climate change , saber rude , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics the to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed at the un summit by the member states and , therefore , these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkers expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of central England , which has warmed 20 more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters such as flooding , heatwaves , water streets and loss of harvest .
Facing these consequences , a 4 warming would be even more damaging , according to research .
Despite the result of a study pointing out that there would been an ice mass in Antarctica from 2003 - 200 , there is only a chance of 5 - 10 that this prognosis will come true , according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study was already bee prove wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the nausea study showed a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , the environment and economy and as well as an issue of the un summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which it operates .
Fifteen nations formed after whale populations collapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of world heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
to be included on the world heritage list , properties but be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection siberia .
The World heritage his is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is protected by Unesco because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered prices in the area or have a significant importance in history .
World heritage is the designation of a place on earth that is of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , has been inscribed on the world heritage his to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on the territory it is located , and it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the sites for future generations .
Its protection and preservation has become a concern of the international heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the list is that once a country signs the convention , and has sits inscribed on the world heritage lost ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greater awareness lads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
a country may also receive financial assistance and exert advice from its work heritage committee to support activities of the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sites not included in the world heritage moist are that the sites are hot funded so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Moreover , they reminded of the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites are in danger unless they answer at ten criterka should be protected by unesco .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passing and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Cricket is a team sport which brings us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It shows us how to overcome individual weakness and gain advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket from my early childhood .
When I was a man , I started playing with boys of a much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my ships rapidly .
I followed cricket religiosuly and have watched almost every match India played .
Satin Tendulkar is my favorite vricketer .
I am a fan of his patting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricket skills , I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I will ask him to watch the patting of great like machine , David , war and pointing .
to lead about bowing on , we should watch Adam , Warne and Murat .
I would also advise reading about cricket on cricinfo.ckm .
It had nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and gates .
Reading biographies of some famous cricket will also help to understand the knights of the game deeply .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this ad , will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
I met a friend about a weeks ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my bucket lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped thinking about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a bucket last is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think it is kind of weird , that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The Vault in or Stars " .
It 's about a couple who are dying because of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply . It made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciating the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live lore , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having a kiss as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I was careful to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary to meet someone high , from another empire , a different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I had never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my bucket lit that I now .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
unlike popular understanding of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , history is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that world means .
It is a cyclical process .
It away in the first century ad , but three centuries later it was only a shadow of its last .
These later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were above making and had technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
and who can safely say that three centuries from now , humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
No one assures such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another world war , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have a peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new dark goes .
but let 's pink the World War hypothesis for a second .
A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples ' lives in 50 years from now .
but is there , today , prospects for a world war ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do i how ?
The causes that will lead to the current world war may well be in existence now for all I know , and no one , or only a few broad and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its own in such older times .
as the causes of the Second World World had their roots in events that the outcome of the first was , a third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a pas conflict that may well have happened already .
but pet 's not dressed in that . That 's all another topic that falls behind the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
to : same
from : simonetta
date : 05/30/14
subject : holidays are coming !
Hi ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I were going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the sunshine holiday camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and that it was great !
It would be terrific if you same with me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
In this camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places for young people , allowing them to do activities safely .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff , all with the purpose of enjoyment , especially outdoor activities !
There are two swimming pools , a tennis court , one football pitch , canning courses and so on , but what I like most is the cuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The cap is well - known and open from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It always gets overlooked for the period my parents can take rays off . What do you think is coming with us from the 1st August to the 5th ?
I am looking forward to receiving the answer !
bet wishes .
simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching to .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
outside stood the most extraordinary looking an : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriend .
She dame down , but she did not scream .
Instead , she started crying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
mother was always older than me and died in the war .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very amused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first was difficult , now we all get on together .
It is a treat to be a whole family again .
The grand place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city gall and the buildings of the corporations of the middle ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the elderly ones taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is decorated with the blaze of the corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them ate cost caps , shops and restaurants that attracted a pot of tourism , but there is also the city museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianmized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made up of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate ships .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful gliding and carving .
every tear , When Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with must and lights on the parades of the building while a hug tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wall Royal castle is one of the highest - owned monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first castle , called Palate , was built in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcade courtyard .
During the toil the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as royal private apartments with far - famed tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
Another attraction of the trip was visiting the crown treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armour .
Apart from the features , there is also a marvellous exhibition in the castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Angel royal castle , one can not omit seeing the dragon 's den - a cave under the castle , were , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of the wall lived .
I recommend visiting Wall Royal castle because of its beauty and jniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and thus , and for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was many years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky because I have the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to now learning our own mother language .
Moreover , I have traveled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can send an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be too difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to early for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Along the course , I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evacuated by my needs .
and there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to white better ; the second one that even when to can male yourself generally understood , it is not so , to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
In some ways , I had the ideas and the words , but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic truck of precise and stylish writing .
adolescence .
Everybody says it 's the best period in our life ; what they do n't remember is that it could also be the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you ca see something three it , in reality you do n't .
This awful of is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be be the reason why we get angry so easily and so often or patients : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or there are some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse one another .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's a thing that gets under our skin is when moss says something and when they yell at us to do the opposite .
The worst part is that they are angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do anything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end , we do n't only feel angry at them but also a lot of love .
love : that 's a feeling that adolescents have to have .
It 's the usual love they 're used to feeling , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary the .
that kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experience , and it is exciting .
Adolescence is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the next one you drown in the dark .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
In Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I would recommend a unique place , without tourists , noses and crowded reaches .
In the east of malaria , you will find a small and beautiful village called Art .
In the municipality of Art you will find a chapter Ton , situated on the edges of the mountain range of prevent .
sa colnoa de sat peered is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panorama view .
You will ride until ca lips can , one of the most enigmatical reaches of maxllorca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural pack .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said , " se have coming al and " .
It means that what is important is the way , the journey .
Going on a walk near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Low Can , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There we ate a group of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the vast of mallorcq .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Finally , you will get to Los Can .
It is a special bear with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
there to van practise different sorts .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can sense different fish , sea urchins and seaweef .
There you can also take a canoe and saddle in the quiet sea .
a part of spots , you should discuss two different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificarications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen from forms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistoric tower called " talaiot " .
The function of the talaiots is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - pass people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sin goes down .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of trxmuntana .
from that seashore you can see all the Qlcsia bay , part of the mountain range of tramuntana and the gape of formenjtor .
Ca los can is a mixture of us , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : please , keep the secret .
regards ,
paula .
introduction .
The purpose of this report is to outline the but and the worst qualities of your centre after ear running .
This report analysis the two main facilities : the vy and the swimming look .
Grm .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the grm is too strong .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
the swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not comet because of its length , about 20 metes .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
conclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent . The grm could be bigger .
Furthermore , you should put theaters to avoid cold in the passage from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The future of public transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded rusty subtly train .
As technology develops and becomes cheaper , more and more people by personal care .
A car allies us to move fast and not to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does his all mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will be above to afford to buy a cat .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars ca also be turned into public transport .
Science fiction often expects a future where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not have an unborn driving sill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true of older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is likely to disappear , at least during the next tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average months salaries of bursts and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are country a and country b.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest salaries are country c and country d. differently from the first two countries , these ones were called " destination countries " because the health service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in these countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse , apart from the las country , country d. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In count d , the salaries of doctors are three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we ca say that , from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that male people want men , possibly with good reason .
Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and diseases .
All professional boxers are at risk of being killed in their next fight .
If not killed then more likely paralyses .
There have been a number of cases in the last tears of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
His is just from the elite few , and their are from those below them .
more deaths would occur through boxing if it were banner .
The port would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , parameidcs or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With that going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were attained to kill and maxim in similar underground fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . the new boxer could be even more on the rise .
Once boxing is band an no - on brows up knowing it is acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much more safe places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pus and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of the sport and not retract form entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals . Lighter and more cushilning gloves could be worn , ban bunches to the face , headfuards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds . These would all show off the boxer 's skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still has serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brain have been known to sit as a direct result of noting , even ashamed all , was infamous both of his boxing and his quick - wanted intelligence now has alzheimer disease and fan no longer do may everyday acts .
any other spots are more dangerous than boxing , motor sport and even mountaineering . His risk was reading .
boxers chose to not , just as racing drivers drove .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there ca be an emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insight thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which may stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature must not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rather , thus , the changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority work , the conflict and rebellion present accurately reflect society as a whole , and although the mother 's in the How luck club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , tit in like water for chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the indian tribes in love medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the us government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , else , too , resists arranged marriage in the color purple , and the murderous moves in jazz reflect tit and per 's destructive passion in like water cor chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in Ethnic American literature , but they are pirtrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in work such as like water for chocolate and the color purple , other minority works , including Love Medicine and Jaw , do reflect the clearly defined authotitarian figures on the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
This again implied that these ethnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorizer as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candle ' ?
philosophical optimism -l'optkmisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurrence is for some good .
Voltaire sets out in candid to criticise this philosophy .
In conclusion , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at thunder - der - tronckw .
The whole boy is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candid is forced to join the vulgar army , he is beaten almost to death . Candid does not concern himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not because of training . He kills two men , a jew and an archbishop , with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'opitmisme with Oangloss , Candid and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James drowns and there are only three survivors , Candid , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city to which candle was sailing to .
On arrival , they see starvation and death .
carried is obviously horrifying , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
candid looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Oangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
candid , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be scepticdal of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the next world , South America , and he to leave his darling Cubgonde with the commissioner of the province .
candid to her about what possible good could come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him filling the Je and archbishop because they were Cungonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book we begin to see how candle gradually leads us away from l'optimiske or , perhaps more importantly , his l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant for of disasters .
candid 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of a thunder - men - trunk because he embraces cungobde , he is dumped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of a to - da - f , he kills three churches , he is almost eaten , he finds elsorado but leaves the list continues .
candid 's life is governed by his belief that gold will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he married Cungone by Sue , the beautiful young flower that he loved .
sue has become holy and worse by May .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Candid had travelled the world in search of cungonde , with the hope that he would mary her despite all the trouble which he had gone through . Of course , in the end , he got cungodne but at the price of her appearance and personality .
Voltaire , in carried , shows how the philosophy of optimism is one of despair , not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European communities as an embryonic united states of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European unity .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the original 13 American states were removed to for who is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
a glance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example , in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today the years old dispute over state sovereignty and the attempt to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the united states , the government in Washington represents the side policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military fire .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European communities ( such as was seen in Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland islands dispute ) , the communities were intended as purely economic entitles in the first place .
membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a single parliament for western Europe with the power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 199 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the up and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of parliament will never be challenged .
Its ability to make and break the law - whether by it or by Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it would tomorrow repeal all these .
The act that parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by by a political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and parliament consented .
But with the average linguistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our zenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Even now the channel tunnel joined us to the continent , we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the west of Europe .
Whenever necessary , the has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Britain had been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , he had been more concerned with her than empires anywhere else .
In the latter half century , though , her empire had diminished and she had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of our history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and repeated .
There is very little European influence on our law . Of course , in many respects it will be the same , but the pack of influence will display any differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , news laws will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud of their possession of the saw , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , her point will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country is typically against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it were to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe is created , problems may arise over fundamental political concepts .
Of course , Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
It has been suggested that the single union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
There will always be aspects of our society that others will never accept .
Europe as a while , faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the federalists achieve their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that many of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British really results from this isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
Whether this will happen needs to be seen , and will depend completely on the forms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
with 129 now only a year away , the question of what a single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 199 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss must not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I think this realization of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as as Britain is in danger of handing all control over to facelesx beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
throughout the world , the end of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
His process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in his process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In relinquishing and thus neutralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world state .
as amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence is both impressive and effective . whilst I would be reluctant to , over all , control defence to any central by .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
Whilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the amount of defence available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The north sea will increasingly represent a muddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in geography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
e.r.a is already upon us , but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the magic circle .
In reading of the single currency , again I feel it is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currenciesz within the sex as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty the gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the beat I think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 195 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When Britain entered the European community in 193 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning the British relationship with Europe .
When 199 was et as the date for the single European market , the debate flared up again , but about how far Britain should be integrated .
Europe seems prepared for 199 , but Britain seems to be decidedly resistant .
The former prime minister , Margaret Thatched , would not lead Britain into a united Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Business and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 199 , and the single market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free - flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business boots and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decmialization , now our passports and the pound staring being tied to the eau .
They may feel that Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , effecting day to date matters , to create a " European standard " .
This amy makes Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 199 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - private all movements of goods and policies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from strasbour or Brussels ?
many people would not .
Will any come when sterling is taken over by the end ?
It may well - but all Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons of Europe will increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as more Britain becomes " purified " , buttons will wake up and their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never been a part of Europe .
We are in the ETC and we should be able to benefit from small trade .
We had been an island for too long - being independent and able to live alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give up .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a member would be to the detriment of the political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lack of talk about a single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be up to us very soon .
Now it is a reality , and not just a probability . The question in the minds of many in Britain is indeed : will this man a pass of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Firms , because of being able to look at their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
to look at things on a more individual basis , every member of the new people 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and easier for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally , then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Who would this matter ?
In all , Britain has quite a history and therefore a number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new single Europe and lise its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all his ideapism really will work .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
had it then got quite something at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into the single Europe ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains , however , that next year ( in 199 ) there is going to be a single Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is going to be achieved with ease , But the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolrrancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European member states who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has the right to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand its sovereignty to the community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful purification after the first world war , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresh start can come about because of three main factors .
Firstly , was Europe 's realization of their own weakness , after having let her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet union .
These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil was " . Thirdly , the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
and the first major move towards European integration was the creation of the European economic community , in 158 .
Its membership had grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1907 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 199 , however each wishes their own interests to be safeguarded .
He is to say that one wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty . Many went unanimous voting , it majority voting .
Many see this issue as a threat to their regulations and rules , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do it state firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question . They do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the order of European unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European city is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unity develops and van be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes hold .
On Britain 's roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry the traffic without us and traffic James ..
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorway and constructing fig roads and bypassse , with mixed reception .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadwlrks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might see an easy solution to this would be to use public transport ; r.e. the railways .
People are not taking to the tail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage of the railways is , as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the services were integrated , there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forward to a long wall , want for a walk or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the train .
To improve the nail service , trains have to be tiled to arrive and depart at obeying times , r.e. arrive at o'clock and leave at half six .
The train and US companies had to lise with each other and the train had to remain relatively cheap , at the same price or less as it would be to go by can .
The basic dilemma facing the nail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
This leaves an increase in the number of computers and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the US transport network .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to encourage customers to use public transport . This increases major congestion in rush hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in population . If it is made chief to computers , clean , clean and efficient , then it will face the strain of the overloaded British roads .
For computers who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
motorway and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle . It is only trying to come with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating and forming acid rain , torturing the earth we are living on .
In concluding , I wish to propose possible , efficient , comfortable and heap public transport for the near future .
The modern traffic jam is not a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world population .
If every time we use one car to travel nay distance we find ourselves in a 10 miss tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in such alexander ?
To illustrate my point , if every time you take a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So he does , we still insist on traveling on the road .
The answer most likely lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am , by far away , not ' green ' who wants to make everyone live in three 's and eat sonya ran sup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to move . They are not even attempting to address the cause . More and more people are now driving .
We all felt that we had a divine right to be on the road .
why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5 of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world on the environmental level ?
just because we can not get to get out , but only to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then so did the rest of the work .
That could have disastrous applications .
The 2nd reason is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is defining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped rising trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced onto the roads , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services came back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The system now forms a sparkling circle of road use .
This has now been intensified with the dale of the railways , to private rail companies , profit - motivated .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed . Previously they were subsidized to make up the loss . Now private companies can afford to do this , so they will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to step the circle will be to break it . The only people to do it are the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a food service . Unfortunately , the public public are apathetic to the idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money . It is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still old to bead high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters such as Lenox Lewis , Nigel Been , Ashes haled and our beloved Frank Been .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which can cause a brain cut or tumor .
Last night , the fight between Chris Bank and Michael Watson led to calls for boxing to be band when Michael Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many people in low income areas see boxing as ' a way ou ' , a chance to make it to the go and earn a lie of money on the ay .
There were , however , people who regarded nothing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is violent , but this is controlled violence and the fighters have mutual respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
During fights , doctors kept close to the being and had the authority to call them off prematrely if required .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do believe that ant fighter entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young voters , to own toxin would be insane , it would almost certainly go underground .
underground fights are more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about urging the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Though far less popular , there as other ports which are more brutal and dangerous , such as ' boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banner .
which is hood new for the majority of the British public .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , should boxing be the banner ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain moves vigorously inside his soul .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells red bowing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes , and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banking of boxing .
sport , to the least , is actually a blood port . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Embark . He believes he is a sportsman and the side of boxing is an art form , he ways that he does nor specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out by to win on points differences and to give chris erubank his just respect must of his fights have been won on points .
There is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banner , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put in a coma by Chorus Bank ( the man who dies n't specifically going into fights to knock his opposition ) .
His example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to take the ' spot ' safer having rungeide doctor , banking bare hand fights , but the bottom of the argument is that a blow to the head causes considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal split as boxing .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tfragically dies .
a recent death in the rich has inevitably led to a public uproar about the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the spot should be planned or mot is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutzlism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy of knocking an opponent off the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with Dome tip boxers earning sums of money such as  20 million ( or in Mike tens comebaxk case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising he important the spot van be to some .
let us consider ' sky ' views . recently began a subscription to view sons ' " Met live Lights " .
His members of the public do n't want the spot to be burned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their skin finishing college early to taking up the sport , would be leading the protests again .
how pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bryn achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world , yet how many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical view is shoved by a man that whether boxing should be burned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation . In fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the warding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camel , which as nor see as the strongest contend for the bud : the companies or consortium promised to give more money to charity with lower running coats .
Richard Brandon promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal objection to Camel as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms . For example , Jem has a sizeabel stake in Camel .
The British national lottery is run by a British firm .
Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to time 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the location of money .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to the royal opera house .
The lottery seamed to be a reverse robin hood : speaking from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered legations that it is wddictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
It has been claimed that it is so addicted that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 penis of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the seize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial was one in millions , highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpotw was too high . Most of the lucky dinners have said themselves that the jqckpot had red their lives , alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that the jackpotd should be tapped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people . It is better to give people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more deserving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer is one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as any other area of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculated , an instrument used by mathneticians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
His his made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equations , and so we need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to wear .
This must seem an extreme challenge , as there is still much in the world of baths and science which a computer can not calculate , but it may not be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , have all bugs superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their general studies era ) . They are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwrok and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fraction ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3rd ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it will certainly make the human body all but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contracted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer their forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even having to move the actual one - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for come up with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can copse and deal with that .
Also , computers break down , and then a human is needed to face control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , ride and perplexity .
the world watched in anticipation -- we were mesmirized by the images of the to , expecting something jew at every moment and not wanting to less it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " have you heard ? " , " i ca n't believe it ! " , " after all thus time ! " , " i neve thought it would happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- it was November 9 , 199 , the day that the wall fell in Berlon-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had gone down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
bit of me , this had been the start .
It was the start of what our current president Bush likes to regard as " or " winning of the cold war --
It was the event that gave the people of the eastern bloc countries the hope that their efforts were in van -- for 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that did not allow them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a now life -- many people had tried to escape .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate who had escaped from hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and bad see out of western Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he n't been scars , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- even though I had lost touch with this school , his father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
fostered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roman those against the communist regime as well -- no , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether people are happier or not , I am not day --
However , they will have at least seen the " other she " .
Their struggles and bones of fifty years will not have been in vain -- without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
However , history can not be rewritten and , as things stand , the fall of Berlin all actively contributed to the emergence of hope and struggle in the rest of the eastern bloc -- as such , it was the analyst force that came to the end of the cold war and therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the will fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest genesis of the world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . They have provided love for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
The use of the men humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
long , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our society , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I feel that technology has become a large detriment to our us in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closes .
In schools , geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have effects on the u.s. that can not be described , and I feel that people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficient , I do n't need any he " mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very high on the priority lit of our educators .
until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one choice of languages , German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of the circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country is behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machine ( calculations ) meant that we no longer needed to to work out sums in two ends , but at what cost ?
In many shops , the cashier appears to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without and of their till .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people had their mob positions taken over by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
but even such mental tasks as failing are good for us .
encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( ai ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the grants of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind very computer is a programme .
even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programme .
human brains still work out how to bald their computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making human run redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills . They teach , test and improve linguistic skills .
reflexes are improved ( and they have been scuentifically even ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' hobbies ' .
We cab expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made brains redundant , it has opened up areas of things we never knew existed !
It is now the air of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past which filled rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphic representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When calculations came along , a drop in the ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used to the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , not working out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time - saving and efficient , but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcjeck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and groom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people losing their ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers offer escape from the hum - drunk routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - rubbing and un - inventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
These people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The relationship between tapping less all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
computer may be the future , but what part will man have in this future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at some , people would hardly over talk and the only career available would be for computer progammers .
I agree that computers are helpful . People should live with their computers and be so radiant on them .
They should have books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
As in schools , I feel that work should be done mainly by and and calcupators and computers should only be used monimally in mathematics in order to step up the production of computer addicted and again are normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erosion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of horrid high - yield cross .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against genetic manipulation .
Partly this is a ' far of the unknown ' ; something which papers with intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes rear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good for feeding popular culture ( the film ' Jursasic Pack ' being an obvious reference point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Anything in life will be missed .
whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , an ar used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to sufgocate .
Everything in life , if missed , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
certainly we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their disuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to disuse .
The fundamental point in saying scientists must bear the major sudden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radius , quite simply , anything above the mud hot ' existence .
Scientific research is not corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for entering itself .
The other fundamental law is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , .
No - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does not make a discoveries then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for this work , is that , quite often , and particularly in came of genetic manipulation , it would end a scientist to disuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be responsible for others ' disuse of it .
There are many problems facing the monarchy .
Some of them are listed below :
the divisions in their family and the fight between the prince and two princes of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do do anything to buy the her rich and also they do not part any takes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchs should be abolished in male countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy too .
For example , many people like the royal family or they are honest people , not like the politicians hat always last .
I think the royal family and monarchy is a tradition in up and everywhere in the world . Up is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
Finally , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then see if the monarchy should be abolished .
" vital fertlisation " is the fertfilisation of an egg in the laboratory in a gesture .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimism the chances of fertilisation by speaking from the father .
Once fertulisation has occurred , the fertiised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilized at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to multiple births .
Twins , trifles etc .
There are people who are again his , saying it is not natural and is fair to the child having started life on an est rule , as they believe like stars from the moment of conception .
there are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
At what point should treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much on on fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles , for example .
People who are for his can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invited fertilisatuon .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in healing her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations .
1 . fertility treatment should be given to post - menopausal women .
The menpause is the body 's means of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Last , there was a case of a past menooausal woman who by the king of her age was given vital fergilisation ( if ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably fig while the child was in her .... there should be a test that is given before ( if ) is carried but to check the mother is not past the menopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from adopted fortunes .
The foetus will have been absorbed for a reason , for example : if it was the result of a raw or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or law saying that eggs should only be taken from others and hot from dead , fortunes .
Science has moved on dramatically since the 19th .
New things have been invented and things have changed .
People in our modern time are now able to have a liver , heart and run transplanfs . There are many complications and many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above is carried out on living people , but nowadays , biological operations can be carried out on humans who are not even born .
bodies can start their days in a test tabes .
This is called ' in into fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman and placed in a test tube and then paper is placed in to the test tube and the egg and set together .
The test tube is then incuabted for a few weeks and the the famous is formed . The baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The famous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
Stir feetilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would become a deep part of him . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do is ethical incorrect when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to telling her she is too old to have any children so shy should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child because when they grow up and all their friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , their mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mother jay died before the child had led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after the other when they are old .
as the fetoius begins its life in a test tub , and the speaking is selected , this means that the sex of the speaker could also be selected .
The way sex can be chosen is by using genius .
Some were 2 x chromosomes and the man had one x and one y - chromksomes .
The in which the de can be selected is that the egg is always x and the spur nucleus can either contain an x or a y chromosomr .
The x chromksome speak is slightly heavier than y so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a body , y speak is selected and if a girl , x is selected .
This leads to an increase in sex , and a decline in others .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and they eat a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the good ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the treat of bob .
This is a vital disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
In rows it is commonly known known as mad cow disease and , by law , cows showing these signs must be destroyed and jot sold for eating .
The problem is , however , the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a vera disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal , such as the brain , which are affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast folds such as beef burghers .
The rest of the meaning , however , is relatively wife and eating , etc . Speaking offers very little change in the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignored this act and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of this disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former joint buy bob .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sole of British dairy livestock only in Britain but or export swept .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and sometimes banner the sale or import of British beef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversity , daily farming and the sale of products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of charming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiforj encephalapthy , or he .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the claws lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunk .
herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
those cold which had been out were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid with the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for left , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not filling to take .
The human disease , crentzfelx - jacob disease , or cox , is believed to be a human form of be , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of it is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to drink .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of diseases in the u.s. , and many abstain from eating .
male schools have removed beef from the penis , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious . Everybody will boycott beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains scdptical .
If beef continues to full from favour , then the industry 's future will be unclear .
beef products are present in all foodstuffs such as bellies , fruit gums , and , of course , stock cubs .
would all these products have to mind ysnthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to mind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for mild products .
Not all beef cabs are infected , though , and the situation becomes a waiting game .
Foe short of being repressed or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to establish whether or not be and ca are picked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by saying meat contaminated the former .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing and no than ever before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 tears to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever I believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast and yorkshire pudding , tahnkyou .
There has been a big score in Britain recently that some beef ma contain se ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of and ( creutzfeldts - jacob disease ) .
Bee is a disease that affects the brain and spiral tissue ( or off as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of a similar form of the disease found in uhlans , it is thought that ' had - cow disease ' ( be ) is the cause .
Research believes that eating beef containing off will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim devastated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef as they have the illness .
Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
although scientists say that to contract and part of the cows must be contained within the beef .
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat because it comes from some ' podgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beerburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is McDonalds where they immediately brought out a notice stating that their hamburger is made from 100 of the finds , pure beef and contains no final .
In my view , no recent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a custom caught on and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
an outcome lie , this would mean they would be shed for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , there would be a lower need for beef cows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
because the price of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated off may cause adj in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they would have to sell their meat at a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversity towards other areas such as crops , milking costs , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that caused je was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so single as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's deviation to the task at hand .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed because employers are sure to value their stills and abilities less than others . "
contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920 America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , by merely living off the interest of their investments .
The stock market was experiencing a book , and several formerly working - class citizens became healthy and relieved of the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can buy .
Having almost unlimited health changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work hard yet they see being paid miserable ?
An emigrant may stay away in a field all day long and make less money in a dwy than a wealthy person spends on a lip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in people 's feelings about democracy .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn one for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather different view would be that if someone who works on a mental or physically taxing on does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her fault ( or bad ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American praise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overlaid .
For instance , everyone thinks that doctors make much too much for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work hard , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past , women have had problems with society 's role of who they are expected to do in the workplace and at some .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed between the same job for a man and a man doing the same job .
Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
No lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they sit too .
The lies of what has changed women 's rules is the feminist .
These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the work place can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
One woman was happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lies , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminist rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their lies .
An example is military women panting to serve in combat positions when at war .
feminist argued this a log when the iron war was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
women must ca n't vight in a was very well .
They were not strong enough and if captured could be rapid .
They believe that it is not hair that men are the only ones .
other women , though , and glad that the rule in the United States stands as it is .
Feminists have talked about promotion in the work place as not being sir .
Also , sexual harassmjent is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago his might have been true , but now male employers are the victims .
They dream of what a woman can do and sometimes women feel looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
for would have created us all the dame if this was not true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional ropes were a good tying , but the modernizztion has changed everyone 's habits .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having lore heart attacks , being more stressed , and buds are being more neglected .
modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if it is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
His tragedy is worsted by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially of the women 's liberation movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , women 's liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wid , disgruntled zealous and was therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
although " radicals " such as Sad and Anthony seem divine and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the women 's movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When women 's really took off again in the late 160 's , it wa again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radical Pike Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " formality " and women 's lie .
This is still due in twenty - five years .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bar - burning , ants - shaving leaders of 1907 .
The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves hard the women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of them was .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has called by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , r.e. radical ideas .
like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it were being aimed at were so jaded .
Within this century , there have been technological advances which have resulted in a severely different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste them ; one has only to turn it on to out reality .
television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than it is given by newspapers .
television has the advantage of bringing war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand its own culture more gully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape rough of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confronting them and to to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans are are found to be staring at the TV at the time , watching sot - come , soap - operas , and cartoons .
E.V. has become the center of many households ; in any family , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
e.v. is a major cause of lack of friendship found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time he spends watching , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to see worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the such , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It gives society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from from problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their way of thinking is the epidemic , known as aids .
though it has probably been around for awhile , its presence has n't really been known until fairly recently , and its consequences have been devastating .
Aid definitely has an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It caused a source of prejudice and paranoia among people which has turned them apart .
For example , there is more stroma attached to being a homosexual pale , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably had aid too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when ran white , a boy who contracted aid through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of aids , patanoia is at an all high .
Doctors are discovering that some undetecyable strands of goals do exist .
This has really scared people because they mayside and did not even know it .
I think this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea . Now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
relationships seemed to value more than one right stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous period of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the face was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had even known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclei weapons have been the most significant facts of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
as missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
from my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , soie citizens with nasi - christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbitibg our planet , with daily , normal like .
perhaps his increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear cold .
On a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent an unaccountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace gold and testimonial landlady to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested to awesole power and control over nearly every facet of America ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an always circulating chief executive clmmandpost from the air .
In the past throwing years , our family of nations has experienced the dismantling of the Berlin wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an en to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , varied fire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than the planet has seen since its genesis .
Although the old habits work hard , they are indeed dying .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheasd has virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn for medium of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
with this thawing of attitudes , or frigid planet and cold neighbors can again be warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiogic , penicilljn was discovered to have may use in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antiniotics that could also be cultured " in vital " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new dry as it was discovered .
as discoveries of new antibiotics decreed , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of thee drugs could be sunthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased .
It was discovered that the old drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biological active .
New drugs were also synthesis ; some were found to be medially useful while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was not much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
have enterprises , such as upon , were formed and grew , and universities had research tears devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes to the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
the discovery of one compound le to the increase the health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a boiling industry comprising of research terms and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotica and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( pp ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 194 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and all there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automatic of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; However , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
from word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
automatic of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.l. a computer .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is to - wolf .
Firstly , computers made mathematical amputations so easy to do . Many people do not fully understand the way their computer works .
This has created a surplus of " needless " amputations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
who many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the the time .
granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however , if that person knew what he should do , or the letter stated " was nothing to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant , for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programme 100 correctly ( another perhaps impossible amputation ) , never make errors .
Thus , supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are predictable .
Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Is there a practical solution ?
better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculated .
Also , curtauling some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ratification of what they are doing .
( He probably require an understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 leg , sometimes as large as a small fat , with a metal arrow in its center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite dish , created in the last years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it treated the information , as the latter part of the city is often labelled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as entertainment .
Ted Turner revoutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of the inn , the round - the - clock , round - the - would news station .
Presidents and dictators alike ditched the channel to believe first had information from the network , such as impeachments , coup l'etat or civil wars .
decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that night 's news with no commentators .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as oanasonic and Core refer to can , created by satellites , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite , submitting the information age , with the mt age .
The creation of MT in 1890 , dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewrrship- have had a strong affect on the world economy .
40 US millionaires were entertained .
The satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for cable and naval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
naval programs wasted exceeding amounts of one in the united states , die to the satellite dish .
and we must not forget space programs such a stalwart .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertained 's salary .
The park and cob of the satellite dishes as numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : as altered people live significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome , terrible invention , not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppenheimer veiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : the atomic bomb .
The reason behind the far that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had an object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most war - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
for not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to supply the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing the power in plans and factories , we fun the risk of contamination our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we had many other power alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we ca escape him .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have heels in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and spire to put a stop to nuclear see in an effort to avoid further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very new efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from leaders is almost appalling .
with the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a big one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irfeversable .
This is what is imperative to everyone today .
It starts with you .
Write to your local congressmen .
An invention of the century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , late consuming task .
For this reason , people should not travel extremely long distances and miss the opportunity to visit countries with cultures very different from their own .
We could travel by boat , but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very ethnocetric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The infection of the airplane opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drasticqlly the establishment of international trade .
The airplane also basically needed the whole postal communication system .
Life on an airplane is more rapid - paced .
care , the telephone , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had a profound effect on modern day life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant dances have been made in the th century .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminist , which has had a significant impact on the lies of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminist is not a new one , but it is just within the last century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in 1800 ) .
As recently as 195 , it was still the most typical of all as the ideal to have a woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the u.s. was in the 70 's with the equal rights amendment , which failed .
Even today , the woman is still only evening something like 60 events for every dollar that a man evans .
feminist does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we sue help to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are for who they truly are .
feminist is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
only women have achieved equality with men , will there ease the need for feminist , and the discoveries will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has significantly changed people 's lives in the past century is that of daring for the environment .
Today , people are aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
people as concerned with nuclear weapons .
We realize that countries that which man weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
nuclei waste is harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up lakes and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely damp their waste w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume natural resources were never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we need to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Man ground formed to plant more trees .
We also realize our fossils need to be used more conservative .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recalling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing many nonbiodegradabld products and the other of rousing what we have .
( recalling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
Maybe countries realize that cycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
Now , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're in their rooms , to not leave caps running and basically to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have also become a considerable of our animal life .
We no longer kill animals freely .
We do still raise some foe food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
on realizing that animals have rights .
In conclusion , the idea of daring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
but we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the dusty century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people 's lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I used for school and for other things on my computer , whereas before I had a computer , my desk was clattered with paper and records of all sorts . I no longer have to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
With jeans , I 'm able to store more information in an organised fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of things , I 'm also able to process and to exit things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and in to this we a calculate , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . We the use of a computer . I had to programme the computer to make the calculations which I had to make .
Also , we the use of the word professor . I 'm able to dig and arrange documents without altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have to use the communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father had the same program on his computer and is above buying online tickets w / not leaving the house and , moreover , w / out picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience of computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I work here in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
bug , w / the use of computers , I would still be struggling as the secretary in the international programs office at Boston university , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program , the application of which was probably computer generated , I assume my if was proceeded by a computer .
w / out this luxury , the international programs office would inevitably inubdated paperwork and things would therefore be last or at last misplaced .
When booking my right , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have had the most significant impact on people in the last 1/2 of the century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
to allow the instantanwous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in by part of the world from across than all the way to beijingv -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - had accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , to themselves , as it is happening . This allows the to make their own , inflamed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is fihalized .
As , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television serfs means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about who people in California or Japan speak to and this allows people from different cultures to get together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , his is one part of the process of making the work a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of information .
And not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of their actions , without having to perform the same action and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these ships are not always accurate portrayals of fell life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life see the good guy always wins , and always lives in dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is so distorted , and so broken that people go around acting like supermxn .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , it can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistent for centuries .
progress was slow like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves shown little changed .
However , with the daybreak of the 20th century , a storm came .
With this storm , the waters have churned and spanned a wave that crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
This wave is the imcrowave .
Never before has such an invention revolutioniaed a science like this .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , cave len choked animals fresh over open fires .
As history progressed , slits and bargees emerged .
technology as the advent of the wood stove , and later ones ruled by coal .
modern times see gas and electric ranges as staples .
All these things had one thing in common : fire .
flame , the source of life , was always used to prepare the feet of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and gorges new route .
If this were not amazing enough , the kicrowave cut copying time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut choking time in half , and not use rire , they would have thought you crazy , or befitted , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scracest commit , our society has embraced the eliminating of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , and comes home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have save in the kitchen .
The miceowave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess fold to be eaten later .
again me is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
As I have said before , there is no fever !
This marvel of technology has helped proper people into the dining place of life that most of us lead in the current century .
Throughout history , one can see great revelations in all areas of time , from breaks in tradition , new insight , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the micrlwave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has red up one of our most important activities and this revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 important inventions that made possible the dear of an oppressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine - run fan is used to keep civil peace and enforce marshall law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the past century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it killed ) , but the invention of ratio made a tremendous compact .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
There is one transmitted and it sends its signals through the waves , with the potential for millions of receives .
In this century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I do ' t think people of my generation can even comprehend now our lies would be different .
Every morning I listen to the weather format and dress accordingly .
At night , one can if by the radio and head bows while the events of the day unfold .
ado , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the near making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years , but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radio gives us the ability to each may more people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , have changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There have even been forms of entertainment , for example , videogames , made of his other of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches e.v.
My sera , for example , is over 100 years old , and her e.v. is the greatest thing in the world .
She is in front of it all and it keeps her happy .
television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - come , spring events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I n't n't know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
The current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this , one fails .
One can find these ideas in popular media .
e.v. comerciaos and e.v. programs project nodes of how one should be .
In the 20ff , the value of that the United States was founded on has changed in meaning and sense , when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
and today , once the intention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much faster speed .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family is often substituted with E.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolongsr sides the relative humanness between people , instead one sores the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
With everyone moving at such a fast speed , the gaps are easy to miss . The voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
the parts of the new machine that have been ruled and regulated .
When Voltaire wrote candid , a literary style known as neoclassicism was at Pea .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'acadekie francais , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to l'acadwmie francais , all literature of the neolassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard upheld by academics is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping time , setting and log true to life .
Voltaire , as a neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
However , when waiting for a candle , Voltaire defied the academic 's rules .
confide is a party on the guidelines of neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists led literature to have good manners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning ses , violence , church , or state issues .
In candid Voltaire did see his mind stepping on trees - in fact , he had hot mind smashing felt !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He folded of the two girls of Trillion who were lovers of a monkey , and of the baron who bathed with the musselman and was pushed for his homosexual act .
Sex turned to violence when cunegonde was being raped by a barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on her .
The old woman underwent the removal of her buttocks by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
After the baron is caught bathing with the mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candle stabs the baron , a Jesuit priest , after the law forbids candid marriage to a chnegonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions any acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after yelling of his beating ; and after candid " kills " the baron , he leaves to search foe cunetonde with no second thought until he encounters the barn alter in hid travels .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the party form in which voltaire writes candle .
Voltaire chooses to stay away from church and state issues .
He attracts the hippocracy of the church in the old woman 's father brings the pope .
When Candid visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want to go to .
Voltaire sees this perfect relationship to old in an unfealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with god in the real world .
Voltaire makes use of aristocracy in its description of the baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
fancied and hidden companions done with 6 dethroned kings who represent the importance society places in hierarchy .
In his portugal of the utopian society of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of our society .
According to the report , 35 of homicidal victims are killed by someone they know .
statistics of 56 are greater than under ' thesis .
Frustration is the maim factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most cases are those of the " trigger piling the fine " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but little action has taken place more than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a but , vote , or go to school with white people .
desegragation deduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obliged to do nice things back and return the favor .
This is based on equity theory .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to love the south may not be prejudiced toward blocks at first .
After living in the South for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward black and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
the sake yes for southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jews , blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against munorities in the different regions he lived in .
or country he cooked a " melting - dog " infecting that we all come from different that we all came from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
but a person 's heritage , as we realize , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model u.s. citizen .
The differences they are discovering only add color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatfively to the ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the lights of their fellow Americans .
As Wesel , author of such books as Night , says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , right , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this difference by vividly and expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gaunt of ethnic American literature is without bonds .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , native American poetry is more expressive and visual , because their language is deeply route in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American literature is philosophical / liberal because their native language is so .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jay and Blue music .
All these examples ( and lore ) give us insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this source of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American saves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the part ( and present ) horrors , there is no any way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.s. citizens many days .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elias Wesel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the channels the cable gas to offer .
with an average national viewing of 7 1/4 hours , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent shows because the action thrills them and van sometimes causes the child to become violent .
Violence is common in entertainment dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotiv murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorists , and war ( hepburn 1 ) .
television violence is prevalent in the united States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
The v - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shoes .
some people , such as the senate commerce committee , are not satisfied with it .
The senate commerce committee approved bills creating a partial ban on violence and a so - called report cord that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertising sponsoting it .
The bill would apply to bnroadcasting and cable ( stern 1 ) .
One of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate v - ship , the House v - ohio , a technology tend , a violence safe harbor , and a violence report hard .
These proposals would work if Congress had some support .
The national association of broadcasterfs accused the senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The no also insisted that broadcatsers already responded to concerns over violence on television ( stern 1 ) .
Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television how .
Many made for television voices say that it jay contains violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 195 - 195 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( sense 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' teenage instant Nina Turtle ' , ' Spider man ' , and some ' bags funny ' episodes with elder full .
As for the show containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for television violence is to add texture to the snow and not to prison children 's minds .
The infamous v - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but on the day that children all see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
